The knock on the door can come in the middle of the night , or while you 're feeding the kids their breakfast .
For the wives and girlfriends of men serving in Afghanistan , it 's the sound they most dread .
They say afterwards they knew who it was and what it meant before they even opened the door .
At the time of writing , 221 British service personnel have been killed in Afghanistan .
By the time you read this , only a miracle will prevent there having been more .
The vast majority – 69 % – were men in their 20s .
They leave wives , fiancées , girlfriends , babies .
What the military charmlessly calls the " kinforming officer " – the person who knocks on the door – may or may not have had training in dealing with a disintegrating young woman who might not be hearing , and who has no interest in letting him tick off his checklist of information - to - be- conveyed .
The news has to be got out quickly ( all phone lines from the unit go down until it is ) and who gets the job depends on who 's available .
He – it is usually a he – will be replaced an hour or more later by the visiting officer , who should , with luck , have had some training , and whose job it is to offer practical support .
The visiting officer will inform a widow about the repatriation of her husband 's body and the options for funerals ( military or private ) , and will stick around as long as she feels she needs help .
It 's his job to protect her from unwanted media , to advise on form - filling , the inquest and pension arrangements .
The stream of casualties in the past couple of years has led to the military taking its responsibilities to widows more seriously , and accepting feedback over matters that might seem trivial to a commanding officer but which matter greatly at home .
Time was when a soldier 's effects were cleaned up , neatly packaged and sent home in a box .
It took bereaved women to point out that what they actually wanted was everything as it was , a shirt that smelled of their husband .
The ceremony of repatriation is the first tangible evidence of a death that up until then has only been a report .
But this is the military 's moment – " the army honouring its dead " as one widow puts it – and families are merely spectators .
" You have no control over what happens , " says Chris Gemmell of the Army Widows Association .
" You tend to get two or three bodies back at a time , and it 's very regimented . "
The coffin can seem detached from reality .
Perhaps for this reason , as well as because of the number of mourners who want to pay their respects , some widows choose to have their husband 's body on view for a period before the funeral .
This may require reconstructive surgery , and if that is what a widow wants and it 's possible , the service in question ( army , navy or air force ) may organise and pay for it ; each funeral is a matter of negotiation between family and military , with the principle that what the bereaved want , the military should make an effort to provide .
The practical matters of money and accommodation were generally felt by the widows to whom I spoke to be dealt with fairly .
Widows are entitled to a lump sum compensation payment and a pension dependent on rank and length of service .
There is no pressure for them to move out of married quarters for at least two years , although staying is often more painful than going .
The biggest problem is not to do with the military but with losing a partner so young , often early in the relationship , when parents still feel they have a greater claim .
More than one widow described to me what felt like a competition with her mother - in - law to see who could grieve the most .
A group of mothers recently set up their own organisation , Afghan Heroes , because they felt all the attention was on young widows and little was done to acknowledge their own loss .
They refused to speak to me for this article , on the grounds that it was not about mothers .
Conversely , where the bereaved partner was n't married , she can feel left out .
Various criteria are used by the MoD to assess whether she qualifies as a " recognised partner " – the length of the relationship , evidence of financial support or a joint mortgage , a child .
This may well affect pension arrangements , particularly if there is no will .
But a recognised partner is not next of kin , so unless the soldier has specifically asked , she wo n't be officially informed of the death .
According to the War Widows Association , a batch of wills made on the advice of the military was lost .
In one case the bereaved partner is fighting to stop reversion to a previous will , which would mean losing her house .
In another , the will did turn up , but too late for the girlfriend to manage the funeral as she knew her partner wanted .
" People are often planning weddings when they are killed , " says Gill Grigg of the War Widows Association .
" If they 'd only nip off to the register office , and have the big white wedding later , it 'd solve a lot of problems . "
To the inevitable media questions of whether they feel angry , whether the government is n't to blame , some widows do say they feel their husband or boyfriend should n't have been in Afghanistan .
Others say it was his choice , that he was doing good , or doing what he loved .
But for all of them , the question is , in a sense , beside the point .
It is a public question , to do with a public death .
For them the death is private and interminably painful , something no amount of politics can alter .
Diana Barnes holds a picture of her husband , Corporal Jason Stuart Barnes .
Photograph : Richard Saker
DIANA BARNES , 26 , COLCHESTER
On 22 July 2008 Diana 's husband , Corporal Jason Stuart Barnes , 25 , of the Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers , was killed when his patrol came under attack in northern Helmand Province
I was living in Exeter , working on the night shift at Tesco with Jason 's dad .
On 26 October 2004 , Jason arrived back from Germany , on leave before he was deployed to Iraq .
His dad introduced us .
Jason said : " I suppose you want to see it , too ? "
He meant his tattoo .
I thought that was a bit forward on a first meeting .
It was a dragon , and it went all the way up his back .
We went on our first date two days later .
A fortnight after that , he left for a six - month tour to Iraq .
Every Wednesday
I sent him 15 pages of A4 , a diary of what I was doing , news , what was happening in the soaps , jokes , songs .
It made him feel he was still in the country .
He phoned me twice a week .
And he used to send me something from the shop every week , often teddy bears .
The first time he told me he loved me was by teddy bear .
I 'd had to go home to Middlesbrough because my little sister had been killed .
She was 17 and was a passenger in a car .
The driver was drunk .
She died instantly .
Jason was n't due to come home till March .
He felt helpless because he could n't comfort me .
But writing to him about it helped .
When he did come home he'd been promoted to lance corporal and was posted to 657 Squadron at Odiham in Hampshire .
He was an armourer in the Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers ( REME ) .
Before he started we went up to Middlesbrough to see my family , and in my uncle 's pub , in front of everyone , he proposed to me .
We moved into a flat in Aldershot in July .
I got a job in a petrol station .
My family had a standing joke that we were joined at the hip , because we 'd even shower together .
They 'd say : " Can youse not do anything separately ? "
We got married on 6 October 2006 , two years to the day after we met .
That was Jason 's idea ; he was very romantic .
We were always laughing and playing practical jokes on each other ; my family loved him to bits .
He 'd take my nana and granddad if they needed to go anywhere .
He 'd stop and help people .
His smile was infectious .
No matter how cross I was with him , if he smiled I could n't be cross any more .
We moved into married quarters .
Any time he had in this country , we spent together .
He did n't go on lads ' nights out ; he said he preferred to be with me .
We found out he was moving to 2 Para at Colchester at Christmas 2007 .
I felt sure it was to go to Afghanistan .
This will sound insane , but I had a feeling something was going to happen .
He 'd never served with an infantry unit before , never been as close to the front line .
He took out life insurance before he left .
He said : " I want you to have a house if anything happens to me . "
I told him not to talk like that .
His flight out was on 23 March .
He phoned when he could , and sometimes asked me to send things : a duvet to lie on , Pot Noodles , shower gel and deodorant , a calendar – in April : where was I supposed to find one ?
He wanted to cross off the days , so I made him one out of a St George 's flag , with April to October the only months , and I wrote our wedding song – " My Immortal " by Evanescence – on the bottom .
He thought it was ace , and everyone else was like : " She must have spent hours on that . "
For his birthday I bought a white polo shirt and had his family and mine sign it .
I got the dog to do a paw print .
We got the dog in November 2006 .
Jason was worried about me .
And I was missing having someone to look after , to pick up clothes after .
He was very clumsy , Jason , always dropping things .
He died on Tuesday 22 July 2008 , a fortnight before he was due to come home on R&R .
My dad had brought me home from a week at my mum's and he was staying with me .
We were watching the news at 6 pm and I started to cry .
I said : " Something 's happened to Jason . "
I could n't sleep .
I was tense every time a car came near the house .
The knock came at 20 to two .
I just lay there .
I knew what it was .
My dad looked out of the window and said : " There 's someone in army uniform at the door . "
The dog was going mental ; my dad could n't hold him .
The man said : " Is this 7 Alamein Road ?
Are you Mrs Barnes ?
Your husband 's died , " as he came through the door .
They have to say it quickly , in case you think he 's injured .
I was desperately hoping he had been injured .
I thought : " I 'll forgive the army if they 've got this wrong . "
The man said it was a mine strike , which confused me because I think of a strike as coming from above .
He wanted a photograph of Jason to release .
I did n't want them to release the news yet , and he said they were going to anyway .
I said : " What are you asking me for , then ? "
He left , saying someone would be round in the morning .
I could n't sleep .
The same man came back at 11 .
I was a bit hostile .
He said someone else , the visiting officer , would be taking over .
The army brought my mum from Middlesbrough .
I 'd been told Jason was driving an ambulance , but I did n't take much in .
From then on it 's like a bad dream .
You 're in it .
It 's like watching the television , but you 're in it .
The ambulance was blown up by an IED [ improvised explosive device ] .
The people in the back survived .
I learned from the Sun that Jason had volunteered to drive .
That was typical .
His body was repatriated to RAF Lyneham the following Monday .
When the plane flew over and dipped its wing , I collapsed .
I just kept thinking : " You are on there , are n't you ? "
The coffin lid was closed in the chapel of rest .
All I was worried about was whether there 'd be anything for me to see .
There was a post - mortem at Oxford and then the coffin was brought back to Colchester .
I went in to see him on the Wednesday .
Horrible is the word to describe it .
I did n't want him to be there .
He looked asleep .
But Jason was never quiet ; he was always bouncing .
I just wanted him to get up .
I agonised about what to dress him in .
He had n't got married in uniform ; he 'd said he was marrying me , not the army .
He 'd bought a suit in Germany I 'd never seen him in , so I chose that .
His ginger hair was so bright on the white cushion .
I put one of the teddy bears he 'd sent me in his coffin .
All my family came for the funeral .
I got the army to erect two tents in the back garden and we slept there the night before , in military sleeping bags .
My nana cooked for everyone .
I called it Camp Sexypants .
Jason was about fun , and I wanted the funeral to reflect that .
Even though my heart was broken , I wanted people laughing and sharing memories about him .
Angela and Lance Corporal Ross Nicholls on their wedding day .
Photograph : MoD/ PA
I had " Sexypants " in flowers .
The woman who did them thought I was off my head .
When the coffin went through the town , all the people on one side of the road were smiling , and those on the other were confused , because it was a coffin .
There was a gun salute afterwards .
The first time , the guns worked – but the second , third and fourth time they did n't .
Someone called out : " Leave it , lads : Jay 's trying to tell you something . "
By the time of the funeral , lads were starting to come back to Colchester from Afghanistan .
I kept seeing desert uniforms and " Welcome home " banners , lads coming home and giving their kids cuddles .
Jason and I had been trying for children , but we did n't get that far .
So I moved out of married quarters .
I had only bad memories there , of him leaving and then the knock on the door .
He was one in a million .
I wo n't find another one like him .
Jason wanted me to buy a house , so I did .
But this house makes me want to be sick .
I 've only got it because my husband 's dead .
I 'd give it all back in a heartbeat for a single moment with Jason .
I 'd rather have him .
But I can't .
ANGELA NICHOLLS , 33 , MILTON KEYNES
On 1 August 2006 Angela 's husband , Lance Corporal Ross Nicholls , 27 , of the Household Cavalry Regiment , was killed following an incident involving insurgent forces in northern Helmand Province
Ross and I met in Germany , in the Royal Signals .
We were in the same troop , doing the same job .
We liked each other straightaway .
We got married in Milton Keynes in 2000 .
I decided to leave the army because we were n't seeing enough of each other , and in 2003 I went to work in IT for the Foreign Office .
Ross was bored by not being part of the action , so he applied to transfer to the Household Cavalry .
I fully supported him .
We moved to Windsor and I had Cameron soon after .
I liked the married quarters .
All the husbands were doing the same job and you knew how the other girls were feeling .
By 2006 I was pregnant again .
I 'd had bad morning sickness with Cameron , so we moved to Knightsbridge , the ceremonial headquarters of the regiment , so I could be closer to work .
Erin was born in May 2006 .
When she was three weeks old , Ross went to Afghanistan .
I knew it was going to be dangerous .
The only conversation we ever had about it was when we were watching ER .
One of the doctors was killed in Iraq .
He said : " You 're not going to be like that , are you ? " and I said : " No , I 'm not going to make a scene over you . "
Once he was there , if he could get to the phone he'd speak to me every day .
There 's a lot you 're not allowed to talk about on the phone , but he sounded excited .
A few days before he died , he phoned , saying he was going off to do something and might not be in contact for a while .
At 6 am , just before he left , he called and was really quiet .
He said : " I want to say I love you . "
A couple of days later I 'd just sent off an e-bluey [ " bluey " is army slang for an airmail letter .
E - blueys are printed out because of the limited number of computers ] .
I used to send three or four a day , and in this one I told him I was going to buy him a PSP .
I was feeding the children , the milk was boiling , and there was a knock on the door .
I was on the 14th floor of a block of flats where I did n't have that many friends .
I looked through the spyhole and as soon as I saw there were two men in suits , I knew what they were there for .
One said : " Can you take the children into another room ? " and I said : " They 're too young to understand what you 're going to say . "
They could n't tell me much , because the ambush was still going on .
I went numb for a while .
His body was repatriated to RAF Brize Norton with the other two men who 'd died .
They 'd been in a convoy , trying to resupply a detachment of Canadians .
The only route was through a settlement .
The first vehicle got through , then the Taliban detonated a wired IED , which killed Ross and two others in the second tank .
I could n't understand that it was him in the coffin ; it was just a box .
The army holds a service .
It 's all quite clinical .
I did n't even get to go near the coffin .
You feel like it 's your coffin .
That 's the only thing I did n't agree with .
I 'd got a rose and a thistle I wanted to put on the coffin and they would n't allow it .
There 's only supposed to be a flag and the caps .
It was the only thing I 'd asked for .
I 'd gone along with everything .
I was upset .
I thought : " He 's dead now .
He does n't belong to the army , he belongs to me . "
It was a couple of weeks before his body was released .
Then we had the funeral here in Milton Keynes , a full military funeral .
You just tell them what you want and they organise everything ; the army brought all his family down on coaches from Scotland .
Private Jason Lee Rawstron on service in Helmand Province .
Photograph : MoD/ PA
I only stayed in the flat for a few months .
We were about to exchange contracts on this house anyway .
Ross was planning to leave the army the February after he was killed .
He did n't want to be away from the kids .
I paid for the house with his life insurance and the Armed Forces Compensation .
In a way I was lucky that I had a newborn baby .
I still had to get up in the night and feed her .
For the first six months I was like superwoman .
Anything that needed doing , I could do it straightaway .
I hate it when people say time 's a great healer .
The pain 's always exactly the same .
It never goes away .
Anniversaries and birthdays get a bit easier to cope with , that 's all .
Cameron 's started asking questions .
As far as the children are concerned , their daddy 's a star .
He 's in the sky .
He went to help some people , and the bad people there did n't want him to help and they killed Daddy .
The Army Widows Association has helped .
The regiment 's been good to me .
They 've set up trust funds for the children of families who have lost someone .
I also had a meeting with the guys who were in the vehicle , who told me what happened .
The only thing I resent is that if your husband is still serving overseas , you get a Boarding School Allowance , and that does n't apply after death if your children are n't already in boarding schools .
I 've only got two pictures of him holding Erin , and none of us as a family .
People ask if I feel angry .
But I do n't allow myself to think about it .
I can't have all these thoughts going round in my head .
MICHAELA WALSH , 27 , BURNLEY
On 12 September 2008 Michaela 's boyfriend , Private Jason Lee Rawstron , 23 , of the 2nd Battalion , The Parachute Regiment , was killed while on patrol in northern Helmand Province
Jason grew up in Clayton - Le-Moors .
Like half the Clayton lads he worked at Slingers abattoir , but then it went bankrupt and they all lost their jobs .
Jason wanted to go into the Paras – he said : " Only the best . "
He joined in October 2005 , went to Catterick for training and passed out the following July .
We got together after his passing out parade , though I 'd known him for a few years because I was his brother 's lodger , and when he went into the army I moved into the flat where he 'd lived .
He had a month off and we spent all of it together .
Then he was posted to Colchester and we spoke every day on the phone .
He used to come home for weekends .
I 'd been working as a volunteer for the Youth and Community Service but at that point I was on the sick .
I have n't got any family – my mum threw me out when I was 13 – and I was depressed .
Jason was posted to Afghanistan on 13 April 2008 .
I did nothing but think about it .
I went to sleep with Sky news on and woke up with it .
I read the papers every day .
In June he came home for a couple of weeks '
R&R .
He was withdrawn .
It was like everything was closing in on him .
It was very good to see him .
We were in contact through letters and phone calls , but he could n't say how he was feeling because the connections were n't secure .
Being dyslexic , he wrote things as they sounded , but I knew what he was saying .
I wrote every day , and between June and September I sent 44 parcels : sweets , crisps , local newspapers .
He'd go through phases of wanting things : tinned fish , tinned fruit , Lucozade , cordial .
When he went back it was to FOB Gib [ Forward Operating Base Gibraltar in Helmand Province ; one in three of the 160 men who manned it that summer were killed or injured ] .
He was experiencing contact with the Taliban every day , and once I did n't hear from him for 10 days .
One time he was on the phone and gunshots went off and he said : " I 'll have to go . "
In a letter he wrote that one of the lads stepped on a landmine 100 ft away from him .
He only had five weeks left to do and he wanted to come home .
He actually wrote : " I know I 'm out here doing good , but I 'm doing the thing I hate the most . "
As a Para he had to put all feelings to the back of his mind .
Another time he wrote : " I have to be a man , not a boy . "
It was very hard , what he was experiencing .
I spoke to him the night before he died , and he was sending me text messages : " Do n't worry , we 'll get through this . "
We lost connection on the phone three times .
He did n't want to worry me .
He had to stay focused and not get emotional .
But obviously he was going to be scared to death – he was being shot at all the time .
You always knew when something had happened , because the phone lines went down for 24 hours so they could tell the relatives first .
I was watching the news and hearing that another soldier had died when his auntie phoned me , asking me to come round .
His mum and dad were the next of kin .
I said : " It 's Jason , is n't it ? " and she said : " Just come round . " I ran round .
It was a couple of streets away .
I said : " How bad is it ? " and she just looked at me .
I said : " He 's dead , is n't he ? "
And she said : " I ca n't tell you . "
She just started crying .
His mum came round two minutes later and she hugged me .
I remember throwing up outside the house .
It made me physically sick .
Jason was the only family I had .
We had a future planned .
We were going to buy a house and have money to go on holiday .
I was going to college .
It did n't hit home at first .
Nothing seemed real .
I went to the repatriation at RAF Lyneham .
The army put us up in a hotel , and I 'd never been in a hotel without him .
I did n't sleep at all .
But there was still that bit of excitement , because he was coming home .
I would n't be able to see him , but he was coming home .
They play that stupid " Last Post " and bring the coffins off one by one and put them in a hearse and drive them to the chapel of rest .
Knowing he was in that coffin and I could n't see him or get to him was horrible .
They took him straightaway to London for reconstructive surgery on his eye .
He 'd been shot from about 94 metres away .
They could n't see who was shooting because the maize was so high .
The bullet went through his left eye at a 45 - degree angle and into his oesophagus .
No medical assistance could have saved him .
He was 23 .
He was in an open coffin in the chapel of rest at Clayton - Le - Moors for a week .
I sat with him every day .
He looked like an empty shell .
It was Jason , but it was n't because he was n't there .
They 'd done a good job with the reconstructive surgery , but I could pinpoint everything .
He felt funny .
He was cold and his skin had toughened .
He was freezing .
Only his hair felt like his .
More than 1,000 people came to the funeral .
The police had to close the roads off .
There was n't a person in Clayton inside their house .
He 'd grown up there ; he was a very liked person .
Afterwards we all went to the pub , but I only stayed for one drink .
I could n't cope .
I did n't want to be around that many people .
They 'd lost a local hero , but I lost my partner .
I still have n't grieved properly .
Words can't express how much I miss him .
I shove it to the back of my mind .
I keep trying to find things to cling to .
I got his name and number tattooed on the back of my neck .
In February I did a sponsored parachute jump for Help for Heroes .
I 've gone to college and I 'm going to qualify as an electrician .
I have n't been able to look much at the letters .
I 've got more than 100 .
He used to write pages , but at the end it was only a sentence or two .
He left a will .
I have n't seen it but he told me what was in it .
He left me 95 % of his personal effects and 65 % of his estate , which I think has upset his family .
It 's been dragged out – the repatriation , the funeral , waiting nine months for the inquest , his birthday , then 12 months since it happened .
People say time 's a healer , but it 's not .
They also say : " You 've got your memories , " but what good are memories if I have n't got him ?
It 's taken half my life away .
Where are you supposed to go from here ?
I was writing to him every day , and he was writing to me , and it 's just stopped .
I used to have my phone out all the time in case he rang .
I feel I need help to cope with these feelings , but then I 'd have to admit what 's happened .
The thought of having to start again without him is unbearable .
It 's the worst feeling ever – just this despair that there 's nothing I can do about it .
I feel empty and lonely , and it makes me cry every time I talk about it . ★
For more information or to make a donation , go to www.armywidows.org.uk
A malicious Apple iPhone worm — designed to turn jail - broken iPhones into bots — proves , yet again , that cybercriminal are as predictable as Seattle rain .
ThisÃ‚Â iPhone worm appeared over the weekend , arriving less than two weeks after a 21 - year - old Australian researcher , Ashley Towns , released the Ikee worm — the prototype for this new type of attack .
You may recall Towns cleverly changed the wall paper of iPhones he hacked to a picture of 80s singer Rick Astley .
People crack open the locks on their iPhone operating system — referred to as jailbreaking — to subvert Apple ’s obsessiveness about permitting only AT&T phone service and corporate - approved apps .
Security firm Intego estimates that 6 % to 8 % of iPhones are jailbroken .
Towns , the young Australian hacker , said he launched Ikee to underscore how most iPhone jailbreakers were too lazy to change the default system password , making their iPhones trivial to hack .
This brings to mind the MySpace Samy worm , initially released by Samy Kamkar as a ploy to get his girlfriend ’s attention .
Kamkar ’s expoloit wasÃ‚Â quickly incorporated into profit - driven attacks .
Worm name : “ Duh ”
Similarly , the iPhone worm released this weekend is much more insidious than the Ikee worm .
It installs a botnet management program , giving the intruder the ability to use the iPhone just like they would a botted Windows PC .
Bad guys use botnets to spread spam , steal data and hijack online accounts .
The worm also changes the default password to make it harder for users to regain control .
Sophos researcher Paul Ducklin discovered that the default password was changed from “ alpine ” to “ ohshit . ”
Says Ducklin : “ I do n’t know whether we have an official name for this worm yet , but I ’ll refer to it as Duh , because that is the name which the virus itself gives to the component which strongly differentiates it from the earlier Ikee worm .
“ Duh ” is the part which reports back to Cybercrime Control ( at IP number 92.61.38.16 , which appears to be in Lithuania , that you have been infected , and then regularly checks back for commands to download and run later .
That makes this virus a true bot or zombie . ”
Russian routlette
Graham Cluley , Sophos senior analyst , notes that there has been a long history of “ proof of concept ” hacks evolving quickly into more malicious attacks .
“ The earlier Ikee worm was n’t written with an obvious financial motivation , ” says Cluely .
“ However , there is no doubt that the author of Ikee helped the creators of this worm by releasing his source code , giving them a template upon which to create their own more malicious attack . ”
Owners of jailbroken iPhones would be wise to also change their default root password — if the worm has n’t already done it for them .
“ Leaving it in its default state is playing Russian Roulette with your data , ” says Cluely .
“ There will undoubtedly more attacks attempting to take advantage of hackers gambling with the security of their jailbroken iPhone . ”
Peter James , spokesperson for Intego , concurs : “ We are particularly worried that the Rick Astley worm ’s creator , having posted the code on - line , has made it that much easier for the bad guys to exploit the weaknesses in jailbroken iPhones , ” says James .
“ It ’s very possible that we ’ll see more such threats in the future . ”
– Byron Acohido
November 23rd , 2009 | Imminent threats | Top Stories | Uncategorized
Despite 2008 being a great year for the PlayStation 3 , the Sony Computer Entertainment Division and Sony Corporation as a whole where in the red .
While hope for 2009 is not much better , the electronics and entertainment industrial giants have a fall - back .
The advent of the PlayStation 3 was not only a huge risk for the PlayStation brand but also for the entire Japanese company .
However , the tides have turned in favor of the black box with the PS3 coming to the rescue .
According to Kaz Hirai , chairman executive officer of SCE :
“ We think we need to make much of the profitability of the PS3 platform as a whole , including hardware , software and peripherals .
We are not in the hardware business but the entertainment business . ”
With the CEO of SCE promising to bring back profitability for the division , he has already began to make the right moves by introducing the new PSPgo , PS3 Slim , and cutting the price of the PSP - 3000 and PS3 .
But will the PS3 bring profit for the fiscal year of 2009 ?
Only time will tell .
[ Source ]
M@
The London Of Sherlock Holmes ...
Mapped
The whole world is about to go Sherlock Holmes crazy , thanks to the upcoming Warner Brothers movie starring Robert Downey Junior and Jude Law .
With each new telling , the character receives a certain amount of reinvention .
One thing is constant , though .
London .
You can't have Holmes without the city he was so intimately associated with .
But which parts of town did he know best ?
Our well of nerdiness will never run dry , so we re-read all the original Holmes tales and plotted every London location on the map above .
Some interesting patterns emerge .
Naturally , there 's plenty of action around the Baker Street area , but Holmes never once set foot in nearby Soho .
Zooming out , there 's a surprising cluster of incidents around Crystal Palace .
The reason is elementary when you know that Conan - Doyle lived for a time in South Norwood .
We have n't plotted the numerous out - of - town locations mentioned in the books , but you can get a sense of Holmes ' peregrinations by noting which rail stations he used most .
Southern stations Charing Cross and Waterloo are visited a combined total of 16 times , while King 's Cross and Euston are only blessed with the detective 's patronage on four occasions .
Feel free to add your own deductions and any corrections in the comments .
Key : Green = precise location ; red = imprecise location ; purple = real - world Holmes - related sites ; blue line = route taken by Holmes .
Page numbers refer to those in the Folio Society 's 1994 collection .
THE All - England Tennis Club has scrapped its traditional rules in a bid to preserve centre court for pretty Russian girls with pert buttocks , instead of the ox - like munters who win most of the time .
In the new version of tennis , sylph - like maidens will have a playful knockabout for an hour or so and make soft moaning noises when striking the ball .
Between sets they will rub oil into each others thighs and at the end of the match will congratulate each other with a wet , lingering , tongue - filled kiss .
The umpire will be replaced by a 1970s comedy smut actor such as Robin Askwith , who will abandon the traditional scoring and instead say ' cor blimey ' every time a player bends over to touch some balls .
A spokesman said : " Basing women 's tennis on skill and points has allowed it to become overrun with lesbians .
And by lesbians I mean the snorting , big - armed sort that like KD Lang , not the excellent ones you get in pornography . "
He added : " Some of them are competent sportspersons , but should n't they really be in the TA or delivering furniture ? "
Tennis fan Wayne Hayes , from Hitchin , said : " I bought a ticket last year and was horrified when this pair of man-hating heffers lumbered on and started belting the ball around like it was a testicle . "
He added : " This new plan sounds very good .
Maybe they could just go straight to the showers , which could be moved onto the pitch or whatever they call it .
Then they could close the new roof so the CIA satellites can't see me touching myself . "
Stocky , unattractive female players will still be allowed to participate in the tournament though their matches will be moved to a designated area of the carpark marked out with coats and nicknamed ' Monster Island ' .
We are deploying thousands of soldiers a year who are not ready or able to cope with the stress of war .
There was a similar shooting incident where 5 people were shot dead by a U.S. soldier in Baghdad at a stress counseling center in May .
According to an Armed Forces Health Surveillance Center analysis , reported in the Denver Post in August 2008 , more than " 43,000 service members - two - thirds of them in the army or army reserve - were classified as non-deployable for medical reasons three months before they deployed " to Iraq .
In April 2008 , the Rand Corporation released a stunning report revealing that , " Nearly 20 % of military service members who have returned from Iraq and Afghanistan - 300,000 in all - report symptoms of post - traumatic stress disorder or major depression , yet only slightly more than half have sought treatment . "
Soldiers with PTSD may have recurrences years later even after apparently successful treatment .
I have a friend who was a Viet Nam vet who 's PTSD recurred after hurricane Iniki in 1992 .
We will have hundreds of thousands of veterans like my friend who will be carrying the burden of their service for the rest of their lives .
UPDATE
I 'm sorry that this diary made the rec list when I became unable to comment .
My life is not predictable .
I always try to go to original peer reviewed scientific sources for my environmental and science diaries because journalists can make errors in interpretation .
In this case , we have an intractable problem unless we can access the data from a peer reviewed medical journal .
We have journalists presenting different numbers based on unnamed military sources .
The New York Times gives unsourced information on the suicide rates which is different from the numbers provided in my first link .
However , the author of the Asia Times article has written a book on the topic after extensive investigation .
He could be wrong , but the unsourced Times numbers do n't provide a basis for refuting his numbers .
Since 2003 , there have been 76 suicides by personnel assigned to Fort Hood , with 10 this year , according to military officials .
Democracy Now !
cites the same number of suicides as the article I linked to .
It clearly was not an error by Asia Times or IPS that caused the differing numbers on the suicide rates .
DAHR JAMAIL : Well , there is a thing called secondary trauma .
And groups come back from Iraq and Afghanistan and do get counseling with the military , which started happening nearly as much as it needs to .
When they do talk , they are sharing one horrendous story after another .
And so , the folks I ’ve been talking with for the book and then during the follow - up articles that I ’ve been working on , you know , these are people coming back with severe trauma from the war , talking about stories of , like Michael said , that they ’ve experienced killing children , killing unarmed Iraqis , killing — seeing their buddies killed and deeply traumatized , not sleeping at night , grinding their teeth , [ inaudible ] a lot , not knowing what to do with all of this .
And then , of course , this is happening to them within an environment — for example , there ’s one man that I write about in the recent article , Scott Wildman , who served a fifteen - month deployment in Iraq , came back home , could n’t get treatment at all from the US military , and went AWOL to try to get help and some kind of relief , and then turned himself back in , and then basically found himself sitting in a legal limbo , where he was harassed by his commanders .
Sometimes he would be sitting with some other Iraq war veterans who had PTSD , all of them talking amongst one another , and their commander would come in the room and call them a bunch of PTSD sissies , and just getting all kinds of harassment from the higher ranks .
So , obviously this is a rampant problem .
I ’m seeing this everywhere I look , when I work on this topic and talk with returning veterans .
And while the military has talked about doing things to rectify it , clearly it ’s not enough .
And Fort Hood is a great example .
I mean , this is the largest military base on the planet .
It ’s the most heavily deployed base .
And even before the incident last Friday , this is a base that , as of — by the end of July , which is the last month we have statistics from Fort Hood on suicides there , by the end of July this base was averaging over ten suicides a month , just at Fort Hood alone .
The New York Times article identifies the most important problem we should be trying to resolve - insufficient mental health services for our soldiers in need .
In July , two weeks after Sergeant Garza ’s death , Lt. Gen . Rick Lynch , then the base commander , told Congress he was in dire need of more mental health professionals .
" That ’s the biggest frustration , " he told a House subcommittee .
" I ’m short about 44 of what I am convinced I need at Fort Hood that I just do n’t have . "
Among the medical personnel brought to Fort Hood to help deal with the growing mental health issues was Maj.
Nidal Malik Hasan , who arrived in July .
Major Hasan is accused in the attacks last week , but little is known about what might have driven him .
" Our soldiers are coming back and not getting the help they need , " said Cynthia Thomas , an Army wife who runs a private assistance center for soldiers in Killeen called Under the Hood Café .
" Whether it ’s self - medicating , anger or violence , these are the consequences of war , and you have to think about all the people affected by soldiers coming home , the parents , spouses , children , brothers , sisters , aunts and cousins . "
I will continue to try to make sense out of the divergent numbers .
I have e-mailed the author Dahr Jamail to try to resolve the issue of the differences in reported suicide rates .
However , given that there is a huge divergence in the numbers of Iraqis who died because of the war there , an issue that has been discussed in the scientific literature for years , I have low expectations that I can resolve the suicide numbers .
Determining that a single car auto accident , for example , is suicide , drunk driving or an accident caused by speeding , is a judgment call .
I will leave what I wrote as is , as the reflection of the source I used , until I can find a resolution to the problems with the data .
The important issue is the mental health of our troops .
Either set of numbers is too many suicides and too much PTSD .
Our troops need more and better mental health services .
Again thanks for your comments .
I 'm sorry I was unable to respond sooner .
Insurance company CEOs meeting in Washington Oct. 22 hid from 600 angry trade unionists who tried to get them to listen to people victimized by their companies .
As the CEOs talked inside the Capitol Hilton about how they plan to kill health care reform , union members outside marched and chanted in protest .
Members of seven families from across the country , all victimized by the insurance companies , were outside with the union members .
They had planned to tell Karen Ignani , CEO of the insurance lobby , how her member companies denied care , forced people into bankruptcy – an , in one case , killed a family member by denying payments for treatment .
A recent Harvard Medical School report , using federal data , found that lack of health insurance caused 44,780 deaths in 2008 , up from 18,000 six years before .
Ignani , who earns $ 1.6 million a year as CEO of America ’s Health Insurance Plans , the industry lobby , ducked meeting the families .
The labor action came as Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D - Nev. , tried to cobble together a unified bill from competing versions approved by two Senate committees .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D - Calif. , meanwhile , continued negotiating details with three House committees that have approved draft bills .
Speakers told the angry crowd outside the Hilton that the health insurers have hired 1,796 lobbyists to squash health care reform .
The unionists pushed hard for a strong “ public option ” in any final health care bill .
The public option would be a government - run competitor to the health insurance companies , open to the self - insured and to workers in small businesses , and a competitor to the private insurers .
Only one or two private firms control up to 94 percent of the insurance market in most states , giving them unlimited freedom to raise rates and deductibles , hand select members and cut customers off the roles when they become ill .
“ This health care reform legislation is about making the American people healthy , not about making insurance companies money , ” declared Richard Trumka , president of the AFL - CIO , at a kick - off rally prior to the action at the hotel ..
“ Trade unionists and the American people , ” he said , “ Are not going to let them get away with this anymore . ”
He said that , in addition to the public option , “ there must be no taxation of workers ’ present insurance and all employers , even Wal - Mart , must pay their fair share for health coverage . ”
He also announced , without giving a specific date , that the AFL - CIO will sponsor a national day of action on health care in the coming period .
“ We ’re here to say to the insurance companies that it is not OK to block health care reform , that it is not OK to control 94 percent of the market , and that it is not OK to deny care by declaring virtually everything a pre-existing condition , ” Trumka said .
“ Call your senators and let them know it is not OK to have the insurance companies happy unless the American people are healthy . ”
The union members outside the hotel called upon Ignani to come out and meet with them as they chanted and waved signs .
Women who participated in the labor action had a lot to say about the discrimination women suffer when dealing with health insurance companies .
Some carried signs that read , “ I am not a pre-existing condition . ”
They were referring to a study released Oct. 20 by the National Women ’s Law Center about insurance company practices that rule out treatment for women strictly because they are female .
“ I do n’t deserve health care that meets my needs .
I should n’t demand fairness in my health care coverage .
I ca n’t do anything about it anyway .
That ’s what the health insurance profiteers want you to think , ” said NWLC Vice President Judy Waxman , in a statement accompanying the study .
“ They are n’t thinking about the mother who is struggling to find insurance because she had a Caesarean section .
Not the woman who survived domestic violence and now must face rejection by an insurance company for having a so - called pre-existing condition .
Not the woman who pays more than the man for the same health coverage , even when maternity care is n’t covered .
Being a woman is not a pre-existing condition , ” Waxman declared .
Photo : AP
It took a while to get all the numbers crunched , but the first year ’s results from the Long Bet with the highest prize are in .
Over a year ago Warren Buffet challenged the managers of several funds - of - funds to outperform the S&P 500 over a 10 year period .
A one million dollar charitable donation is on the line and so far Buffet ’s opponents , Protege Partners , are doing less bad .
Carol Loomis , author of the original story on the contest , gives us the details :
Remember “ Buffett ’s Big Bet ” ( see fortune.com ) , in which the noted
investor and Ceo of Berkshire Hathaway maintained that an S&P 500 index
fund would outperform five funds - of - hedge - funds over 10 years ?
Well , the
results for the first lap , the ago - nizing year of 2008 , are finally in ,
and the funds - of - funds soundly whipped the index .
Vanguard ’s S&P 500
Admiral shares , the index fund “ bought ” by Buffett , were down 37.02 % .
on
the average , and net of all fees , costs , and expenses , the five
funds - of - funds backed by Buffett ’s opponent , Protégé Partners llC , a new
York money - management firm , delivered – 23.9 % .
Considering that hedge funds can and do sell short , and that they are
not limited to investing in stocks , Protégé ’s victory in a bear market
year like 2008 was not surprising to anyone involved in the bet .
Ted
Seides , the Protégé partner who engineered the bet with Buffett , says
that until September of that year the five funds - of - funds were in fact
doing well enough that they still anticipated achieving the up year that
hedge fund seek to deliver , even in difficult markets .
“ But when markets
failed in the aftermath of the Lehman bankruptcy , ” says Seides , “ the
funds could n’t avoid the storm . ”
Which funds are these , you ask ?
The bet stipulates that their identities
would not be disclosed .
Buffett , however , knows their names and has seen
their audited results .
About his trailing position , he says , “ I just
hope that Aesop was right when he envisioned the tortoise overtaking the
hare . ”
The reader will note that we said the results of the bet are “ finally ”
in , and therein lies a little story .
originally , the thought was that an
update on the bet would be announced each year at Berkshire ’s annual
meeting , held in late spring .
But the five funds - of - funds did not have
audited financial statements at that time , which made Buffett unwilling
to announce results .
only in late october , when the last of the five
funds finally delivered its audited figures to Protégé , were complete
results known .
They were very close to what Protégé had earlier
estimated they would be , so it is likely that next year Buffett will
indeed announce 2009 “ approximate ” results at Berkshire ’s meeting in the
spring .
The author of this article is both a friend of Buffett ’s and the editor
of his chairman ’s letter in the Berkshire Hathaway annual report .
[ stdlib - sig ] standardizing the deprecation policy ( and how noisy they are )
I asked Guido and he has made his call : DeprecationWarning will be silent by default .
I have started http://bugs.python.org/issue7319 to track the work .
As of right now it has a patch against trunk to add the silencing to the warnings filter by default .
Still need to come up with the proper doc changes before it can be committed on trunk and py3 k ( probably the tutorial and warnings module ; anywhere else ? ) .
On Sun , Nov 8 , 2009 at 13:26 , Brett Cannon < brett at python.org > wrote : >
During the moratorium PEP discussions Guido said he wanted to quiet > down deprecation warnings .
I see there being two options on this .
> >
One is to keep things as is , but to require two releases with >
PendingDeprecationWarning so there are three years of > silent - by - default warnings to update your code .
But that last release > before removal came would still be noisy .
> >
The other option is to simply have all warnings filtered out by > default .
We could alter - W so that when it is used w/o an argument it > turns to what is currently the default behaviour ( or even turn all > warnings which is more than what happens now ) .
This will require that > people proactively check for warnings when updating for compatibility , > else they will eventually use a Python release where there code will > simply break because something changed .
This route means we do not > have to specify any deprecation policy right now ( that would be a > separate discussion ) .
> >
Channeling Guido he is after the latter , but a general discussion > would still be good since he did n't explicitly say what he was after > other than to quiet down warnings .
> > - Brett >
Waiting for a big consumer comeback ?
Don't .
David Goldman argues that if you think the savings rate is too high now , you 're in for the shock of your life .
The problem is that Americans have not yet begun to save .
With the largest retirement wave in history underway ( bringing retirees from 19 % to 25 % of the population by 2020 ) , and an enormous savings deficit , the savings rate has barely climbed up to 5 % :
The “ normal ” rate during the 1970s and 1980s with a much younger population was around 10 % .
With an aging population , the savings rate should rise markedly ; it should rise all the faster given the shock to wealth during the past year ; and it should rise even faster given extremely low real returns available on bonds .
Read the whole thing >
10 CSS - Lifesavers For Efficient Web DesignCSS has been hailed and cursed by many web designers and developers around the world .
On one hand , it makes our lives easier by separating content from style , which makes the entire process much more organized and easier to deal with .
On the other hand , CSS has it's fair share of quarks , misunderstandings , and overall issues that bare some explanation .
Today , we will go over 10 CSS lifesavers and tips for a more efficient web design process .
1. Learn how to use z - index properly
The z - index property can be extremely useful when utilized properly .
Unfortunately , a lot of developers and designers alike do not seem to fully understand how z - index works .
As a consequence , you often can find code with an extremely high z - index and one with a very low z- index , showing the designers frustration to get it working properly .
The secret to using z - index properly , is positioning .
Z - index must have some kind of positioning applied to it to function properly .
This means setting the positions of the element ( s ) to either relative or absolute .
Check out the where can I learn more section below for some great links and screencasts on z-index .
How can it help ?
Quite simply , it can help by providing the functionality it was meant to , layer objects / elements in a specific order .
Chris Coyier gives an excellent screencast ( link below ) where he uses a badge on a demo website .
The problem is , he wants the badge behind the paragraph text .
Chris uses z-index and the position property to solve this issue .
Where can I learn more ?
Glad you asked !
Below are some great resource for learning about z - index and how it functions and relates to web design .
2. Backgrounds and shorthands
The background property is one of the most frequently used properties of the CSS spec .
It allows us to separate content images from design images , or images that make up the page layout .
The background property also contains quite a bit of options , which over time can really start to take up some space in your CSS file .
One option often overlooked is the shorthand method for the background property .
The background is n't the only property you can declare via ' shorthand ' , you can do this on quite a few properties , such as font .
Let 's look at an example of background shorthand below :
#element {
background : transparent url('bg_img.png ') no -repeat scroll top left ;
}
With the one line of CSS above we have knocked out 5 different background properties !
This can really save you a lot of time .
The order for the background property shorthand is as follows :
background - color
background - image
background - repeat
background - attachment
background - position
How can it help ?
The CSS shorthand method can help with any property that accepts a shorthand method by reducing the code you are required to write .
In my opinion , the shorthand is still just as readable as independently declared statements , as they are placed in a logical and sound order .
Where can I learn more ?
3 . Take advantage of CSS3 ... responsibly
The CSS3 draft and suggested standards have really opened up a whole new world to developers and designers .
Rounded corners , gradients , effects , animations , all possible through CSS3 !
The problem ?
CSS3 is ( as of writing ) not yet a standard , which means it is up to each individual browser for the time being to choose how and what they will implement .
Webkit ( safari ) is leading the way so far , with Mozilla close behind .
To further complicate the matter , we have a lot of issues with Internet Explorer .
And by a lot of issues , I mean that CSS 3 techniques are n't really supported at all .
Very , very few are support by Internet Explorer at the moment .
So , now what to do ?
Good news .
You can still use CSS3 techniques .
Just use them responsibly and in the correct context .
You wo n't want to have you whole layout based on CSS3 of course , but there are plenty of options .
Consider using the text - shadow property on some of your text headings .
If the users browser supports it , awesome .
If not , then it will look just like it did before as plain text .
Another idea is to implement slightly rounded corners on some objects in your design , ensuring that sharp corners will work just as well .
This way , users with more advanced browsers get the rounded corners , and IE users will still get a nice boxed layout .
The options are only limited to your creativity and restraint .
How can it help ?
Well , for starters , CSS3 will most likely become a standard one day in the semi near future .
It is best to keep your skills up and your options open when it comes to new technologies .
Furthermore , you will be able to further your knowledge of CSS and HTML , and learn what is truly possible using creativity and knowledge .
Where can I learn more ?
4. Floated Layouts ( with set widths ) .
The days of laying out a web design with tables and spacer .gifs are long gone ( at least for most web designers ) .
Using CSS techniques , especially utilizing floats , we can easily and quickly arrange common layouts .
Layouts that utilize the standard one , two , or three column look are especially easy .
Yet , floats seem to be one of those things that trips up a lot of designers , especially those starting out with CSS .
It makes sense to , as it is something you really have to visualize in your head , the element being floated and the content wrapping around it in one direction or another .
When using floats to create your layout , you will almost always want to make sure that any element that is being floated also has a set width .
You can run into a lot of problems down the road by forgetting to set a width .
Another topic that must be brought up is the idea of clearing your floats .
When you clear a float , you revert the flow of the document back to a specific order ( left , right , or both ) .
Check the links and tutorials below to become a float master .
How can it help ?
As mentioned above , floats are essential to creating standard ( and non standard ) layouts very quickly without much effort .
Floats also allow us to do some cool things , such as horizontal navigation and wrapping post text around a certain image .
Where can I learn more ?
5. Utilize a grid system
Although certainly not appropriate for every project , utilizing a well known and tested CSS grid system and / or framework can be an invaluable tool in your toolbox .
Grid systems are a set of pre-defined ID 's and classes that you provide in the HTMl markup , giving you a perfectly centered and well laid out ' magazine ' style layout .
Grid systems are particularly well suited to sites with a lot of text content , and a lot of ' box like ' areas .
A perfect example of this would be a newspaper website .
In addition , grid systems are usually compressed and minimized , so the cost of using one is very minimal and has very little impact on page load .
Some of the grid systems critics will claim that it restricts you to unnecessary or meaningless markup , which is partly true .
At the end of the day , you need to weight the pros and cons and make the choice about what is best for the project .
How can it help ?
Grid systems provide the designer with an opportunity to achieve pixel perfect designs .
The layouts are all pre calculated , leaving you with a wonderfully organized and uniform layout .
Plus , grid systems allows for rapid deployment , allowing you to create layouts and pages in literally minutes .
The downside to all of the above benefits is that most grid systems will have a slight learning curve .
Nothing too difficult , but you will definitely want to spend a few days messing around with a new grid framework before using i in your next paying project .
Where can I learn more ?
6. Cross Browser Transparency ( IE included ! )
Were you aware that you can achieve cross browser transparency on elements in your page in any browser using only CSS ?
Thats right , IE is included also !
This nifty little trick was taught to me by Chris Coyier , a man who knows a thing or two about working with CSS .
You can use transparency on any element or image for nice effects , it really depends on your imagination !
Take a look at the code required to achieve transparency in all browsers , it 's barely anything :
#element {
filter:alpha( opacity=50 ) ;
- moz - opacity : 0.5 ;
- khtml-opacity : 0.5 ;
opacity : 0.5 ;
}
The first property filter : alpha( ) is used specifically for IE .
The second , starting with - moz is used for older versions of Mozilla broswers .
The third property , - khtml - opacity is for very old versions of Safari , back when they used a different engine .
Lastly , opacity is the most important and ' standard ' one that is used by most modern browsers now .
And with the above code , you now have cross browser transparency !
How can it help ?
It can help in any way you want it to .
Transparency effects can be great for image galleries or slideshows , or just drawing attention or adding a nice touch to certain parts of your website .
Like I 've said before , there really is no limit to what you can do with CSS properties , it is all up to you .
Where can I learn more ?
7 . Master relative and absolute positioning techniques
Absolute positioning , relative positioning , static positioning , all of these different positioning terms can give designers a headache .
If there is one thing that is absolutely vital to becoming better and adequate when working with CSS is understanding positioning .
Basically , you need to concern yourself with two types of positioning ( for the main part , static positioning is for another day ) , absolute positioning , and relative positioning .
To define what both of them are , I find it is best to quote the documentation and then explain how they are useful .
Absolute positioning :
Generates an absolutely positioned element , positioned relative to the first parent element that has a position other than static .
The element 's position is specified with the " left " , " top " , " right " , and " bottom " properties .
Relative positioning :
Generates a relatively positioned element , positioned relative to its normal position , so " left:20 " adds 20 pixels to the element 's LEFT position .
The main thing you need to keep in mind about the two , is that there is a huge advantage to using an absolutely positioned element inside a relatively positioned element .
This allows you to create all kinds of cool layout techniques .
To further illustrate my point , have a look at this image I created for another CSS article a while back .
I think it explains how things work when they are absolutely positioned inside a relative element :
How can it help ?
One can argue it not only helps , but is vital to constructing a strong layout with elements positioned properly no matter screen size or resolution .
Think about this scenario , you have a website with a div that is restricted to 960 pixels in width .
You want to have a little website badge always be 10 pixels from the top and 10 pixels from the left of the parent div .
SO you would set the parent div to relative and the badge to absolute .
Then you can simply set the pixels and always have control of exactly where that badge is located relative to the position of the parent div .
If all that sounded too confusing , check out the links below where others perhaps explain it better than I can .
Where can I learn more ?
8. Learn your font options !
Changing the font - family and font - size is all well and good , but did you know there are a ton of different typography techniques you can utilize with CSS ?
For instance , I often see designers using all uppercase letters directly in the markup when they want to emphasize some text or the design calls for it .
Why hardcode all caps ?
This is a style issue !
The easy solution to this is to use the text - transform : uppercase property and change the style via CSS .
Do you know your other options for CSS typography and working with fonts ?
Quickly off the top of my head , here are some ideas :
Letter spacing ( letter - spacing : )
Line height ( line - height : )
Word spacing ( word - spacing : )
Text decoration ( text - decoration )
Text indent ( text - indent )
First letter ( : first - letter [ pseudo property ] )
First line ( : first - line [ pseudo property ] )
And that is just to name a few !
Think about what you want your typography to reflect and look like and tweak it .
Stop using the default line - height and letter - spacing and make your text really look good !
Play around with it in firebug until you get it how you like it .
The world is your burrito !
How can it help ?
It can help by taking your website from an average and mediocre one , to one with brilliant and subtle typography .
Small tweaks to font properties can really increase readability and usability for the end user .
Where can I learn more ?
9 . Create image sprites
CSS Image sprites are a fantastic way to cut down on load times and add some really nice background image effects at the same time .
Here is how image sprites work : you take a series of your background images , especially things like buttons , including their on and off hover states from your design .
You mash up all of these images into one image and export the image .
You then use the background property and positioning options to set different backgrounds on different elements with one image .
How can it help ?
As mentioned , instead of 12 or more images , when you use image sprites , your using one image .
Once the image has been loaded , you can call it as many times in your HTMl or CSS files you want , without having to download anything again .
Furthermore , using image sprites solves a common problem .
If you have ever created a background image , that when hovered would show a different background image , you have probably noticed there is a slight glitch the first time you hover .
By using and loading one image for all of our css background , we can successfully eliminate that minor flash / glitch .
Where can I learn more ?
10 . Understand conditional comments
Though we may want to and sometimes even dream of it , there is really no avoiding internet explorer .
Also , depending on the layout , IE is going to throw a fit over something you are trying to code or do .
If it were n't for conditional comments and the ability to target and fix these issues , we would probably all quit our jobs and start selling beer out of the back of a van .
Luckily , we are n't quite to that point yet .
Conditional comments are much like an if statement , if you have ever programmed , you will know what this means .
It is a way of saying to the browser before the page loads , " Hey , if the browser is X , then download this CSS file too !
kthxbye ! " .
Using this knowledge we can import important script or CSS files only when the browser calls for it ( I 'm looking at you IE6 ! ) .
For example , if we wanted to target IE7 and lower , we could simple add this to the head of our HTMl file :
<!--[ if lte IE 7 ] > Import your script and CSS files for IE7 or lower here !<![ endif ] -->
We could also just target IE6 alone if we wanted to :
<!--[ if IE 6 ] >IE6 only instructions here .<![ endif ] -->
Conditional comments only work with IE , which is sort of a blessing in a way , as that is usually one of the only browsers we need to target independently from others .
How can it help ?
Whenever your stuck on a layout issue with IE only and no other browse , and you are going to have to call CSS or JS files to fix it , you should be using conditional comments .
There is no need to load the extra info if the browser does n't need it , and this is the exact functionality conditional comments provide us with .
Where can I learn more ?
Written
Stuff in , triples out
SPARYQL
SPARQL + YQL = SPARYQL
Try these queries in the YQL Console .
These are using the Triplr SPARQL endpoint but you can also try the ARQ / Jena one or any other service with a SPARQL endpoint .
sparyql source on GitHub
what , why , when , how , todo
While Jan Cecil 's friends and neighbors thronged the malls on Friday , filling their shopping bags with sweater sets , video games and aromatherapy candles , she spent the day outdoors with her family .
Cecil , a Berkeley resident who works as a systems analyst , is part of a small but increasingly visible movement dedicated to buying and using less -- less fossil fuel , less processed food , fewer gifts .
In contrast with the orgy of shopping that consumes much of the country from late November through early January , several adult members of Cecil 's family have agreed not to exchange gifts this year .
( Kids will still get presents . )
MBA BY THE BAY : See how an MBA could change your life with SFGATE 's interactive directory of Bay Area programs .
" I 'm realizing that by giving people things , you 're in some ways burdening them , " Cecil said .
" We have so much stuff that , in a way , it 's a wonderful feeling of lightness to lessen it . "
The day after Thanksgiving , the traditional start of the holiday shopping season , has become the focus of the growing anti-consumerism movement .
This year , " Buy Nothing Day " activities are planned in 40 countries , said Kalle Lasn , a Vancouver activist who helped launch the first Buy Nothing Day in 1993 .
While some of the more in - your - face adherents carry signs and chant anti- capitalistic slogans in shopping districts like San Francisco 's Union Square , others decide to hike , play with their kids or simply do something other than shop .
De-emphasizing shopping " lets me keep my focus on what 's more important in life , like spending time with my daughter , " said Joseph Beckenbach of San Jose , a software consultant .
Of course , many other Americans find fulfillment in gift giving and look forward to their annual shopping forays .
" We love Christmas shopping ! " said Sue Tiesiera , who wore candy cane earrings and a cherry - red jacket while shopping in San Francisco on Friday .
" I love the hustle and bustle . "
Tiesiera and her daughter Tiffany had amassed six large shopping bags by 2 : 30 p.m. on Friday .
They had left their home in Hilmar , in the Central Valley , at 7:30 a.m. for a full day of shopping .
" It 's been a family tradition for many years , " said Sue Tiesiera .
On a macro level , people like the Tiesieras seem to more than compensate for any dent in spending the anti-consumerism movement might be making .
General merchandise sales have grown an average of 4.8 percent annually in the last 10 years .
Despite a slowing economy , the average U.S. household plans to spend $ 1,684 on gifts , travel , entertainment decorations and food this holiday season , according to a survey by American Express .
Nevertheless , the anti-consumerism movement is gaining ground , particularly among left - leaning people who are predisposed to a simple - living philosophy .
While some non-leftists have also signed on , the issue has become a rallying point for virtually every progressive cause , including environmentalism , social justice and labor .
Over consumption " can be seen as the root of most evils , " said Joe Hill , an organizer of this year 's Buy Nothing Day activities on Union Square .
" Products that have horrible effects on the environment are created for corporations to make money .
Unions are busted so people can have cheaper products ( from overseas ) .
It spans all the different issues . "
Groups involved in the Union Square demonstration this year included East Bay Food Not Bombs , Global Exchange , Art and Revolution , Hill 's Reclaim the Streets and assorted individuals .
People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals and the Save the Redwoods -- Boycott the Gap Campaign also protested individual stores .
So -- Retailer beware ?
Well , that 's probably premature .
Lasn , the editor of Adbusters magazine , estimates that about 1 million people observed Buy Nothing Day last year .
On a planet of more than 6 billion residents , that 's barely a blip .
But adherents say the philosophy of living with less is spreading through a combination of word of mouth , a pair of seminal books and the Internet .
Buy Nothing
Day activities all over the world are coordinated through www .
adbusters.org , for example .
People interested in exploring less consumption - oriented lifestyles can sign up for local discussion groups called " simplicity circles " at www.simpleliving.net.
Anti-consumerism has even popped up in mainstream media , most notably Time Inc. 's Real Simple magazine , which was launched this year with articles on topics like knitting and organizing one 's kitchen .
IT ALL STARTED WITH THOREAU
Of course , the idea of living with less is hardly new .
Henry David Thoreau 's " Walden , " an American classic , details the two years that Thoreau spent living off the land in a tiny cabin in the mid-1840s .
In the 1960s , Duane Elgin 's " Voluntary Simplicity " gained a small but devoted following .
But with the stresses of contemporary life mounting , the twin concepts of buying and working less appeal to more and more people , movement organizers believe .
" I think deep down there is a feeling that even though we 're living in this moment of incredible prosperity , at the same time there 's something wrong , " said Lasn , whose magazine is a leading mouthpiece of the anti-consumerism movement .
" We 're not as happy as we should be , " he said .
" We wonder , ' Why is my wife so anxious and why does she go shopping so often and why am I feeling dissatisfied ? '
This dark side of our consumer culture is what 's fueling this movement . "
Many who prefer the simple life have found their way into the movement through the book " Your Money or Your Life " by Vicki Robin and Joe Dominguez .
The book has sold some 750,000 copies and appeared on the New York Times best seller 's list .
Robin and her New Road Map Foundation ( www.newroad
map.org ) in Seattle have parlayed the book into a network of voluntary advisers who help consumers reorganize their finances to get out of debt and spend less money .
When " Your Money or Your Life " was published in 1992 , " living lightly was a marginal activity , " said Robin , who has been featured in Time magazine and on Oprah .
" Now groups all over the country are looking at it .
This thing has absolutely mushroomed . "
Hundreds of simplicity circles have popped up around the country , including about a half - dozen in the Bay Area .
In addition to " Your Money or Your Life , " a book called " Circle of Simplicity " by Cecile Andrews is a common guidebook for these groups .
( Andrews is a visiting professor at Stanford University . )
Whether the anti-consumerism movement will ever be embraced by the broad mainstream is an open question .
With retail sales heading up , up , up -- along with the size of SUVs , the incidence of childhood obesity and other consumption - oriented indicators -- many Americans do n't seem terribly interested in cutting back .
PESSIMISTIC VIEW
But some activists believe our millennial buying spree is bound to come to an end -- if not voluntarily , then by some cataclysmic event just over the horizon .
" We cannot continue to sustain our current levels of consumption , where 5 percent of the world , Canadians and Americans , consume over 33 percent of the world 's resources and spew out over one - third of the greenhouse gases and toxic waste while our TVs hype us up to ever - greater feats of consumption , " said Lasn .
He foresees another 1929 , complete with bread lines .
" I 'm ready for it , " said Lasn .
" I 'm cultivating a beautiful garden . "
Alex Molnar , director of the Center for Analysis of Commercialism in Education at the University of Wisconsin - Milwaukee , is less apocalyptic .
While he agrees that current levels of consumption are unsustainable ecologically , he believes an impending credit crunch will change mainstream consumption habits well before some environmental disaster brings the planet to its knees .
" We have a modern wage slave here , with four credit cards all charged to the max and people declaring bankruptcy at record rates , " said Molnar .
" Do I think what we 're doing now is sustainable for even another half century ?
Probably not .
On the other hand , the human capacity for ignoring unwanted information is extraordinary . "
Not surprisingly , retailers and marketers are not happy being branded the bad guys .
" I take issue with these alarmist charges being leveled at retail , " said Pam Rucker a spokeswoman for the National Retail Federation in Washington .
Consumerism is " dangerous to whom ? " she asked .
" Dangerous to the people whose livelihoods depend on consumption ?
To people who work in retail ? "
Rucker noted that growth in retail sales has moderated this year as the economy has slowed , evidence that there is nothing unsustainable about consumer spending .
" People consume at a pace at which they feel comfortable , " she said .
Though Barnes & Noble has pulled down its
Nook site until the official product launch , we 've got all the info plus a few extras , like this spec comparison chart of Nook and Kindle 2 :
Advertisement
Click the image for a larger version :
Advertisement
As you can see , Barnes & Noble boasts a lot of Nook 's on - paper advantages , not just a second screen and Wi-Fi , but native PDF support , an SD card reader and a replaceable battery .
B&N also points out that brick - and - mortar means try before you buy .
Lending between friends is downright awesome , if it works .
And a huge advantage is being able to read books on your PCs and Macs .
I own Kindle books , but as I currently do n't have a Kindle , the ownership concept is a little bit abstract .
There are some more vague advantages :
What exactly does an Android OS do for the user in this split - screen unique device ?
Surely apps or " user - generated improvements " are out of the question .
And what early adopter really sweats the dilemma to go with colorful back covers or not ?
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Not much here makes
Nook look bad , though there are no major specs missing .
It 's a little thicker than Kindle 2 , but it's also substantially shorter , which may be a more significant physical advantage .
Max battery life is 10 days , rather than Kindle 2's 14 , but we still need to know what that means for the LCD screen .
There 's no text - to - speech , but maybe B&N just wanted to avoid the lawsuit Amazon got hit with , because the text - to - speech was n't accessible to blind people .
And darnit , no support for Word documents .
Guess you 'll have to Save As ... PDF .
By Jason Palmer
Science and technology reporter , BBC News
The pyrolysis tube at the system 's heart can consume 100kg of waste per hour
A system that generates energy from rubbish is being sent by defence firm Qinetiq to the US army .
The PyTEC system heats mixed waste , releasing a gas that can be burned to produce five times more energy than is required to drive the system .
Qinetiq say that the system , already in use on British navy ship HMS Ocean , has been " containerised " for US army use .
The approach could see use in urban areas , reducing municipal waste volume by 95 % while producing energy .
The process hinges on pyrolysis , in which waste subjected to high temperatures releases combustible gases .
In essence it is the same process that happens above a match ; heating of the wood releases gases that burn in the presence of oxygen , producing the visible flame .
In pyrolysis , the heating occurs in the absence of oxygen , and the released gases are gathered and stored for later use .
We 're reducing their logistical footprint , reducing the number of body bags , and reducing their fossil fuel usage
Pat McGlead
Qinetiq
This is in contrast to simple incineration or gasification - another energy - from - waste approach that heats particular kinds of waste in the presence of oxygen to create combustible gases .
Typically , such systems require that the waste be of a singular type , and diced up before entering the gasification chamber .
Waste not
In the PyTEC system , a large screw - shaped column takes in up to 100 kg per hour of untreated mixed waste - including glass and tin , particularly troublesome waste sources for thermal waste approaches .
The waste is heated , releasing gases that are removed and used to power a steam turbine .
What exits the system is a glassy substance just 5 % the volume of the waste that entered , along with 400 kW of power .
A similar system was installed on the UK navy ship HMS Ocean late last year .
" We 've taken the plant that we developed for HMS Ocean and containerised it for the US army as a means to make it more mobile , more easily deployable and reducing their fossil fuel requirements , " said Pat McGlead , waste management business development manager for Qinetiq .
The system fits into two shipping containers for easy deployment
The systems will be deployed to one of 55 " forward operating bases " in Iraq and Afghanistan - temporary outposts of 600 front - line soldiers that , until now , had no formal arrangements for waste disposal .
" That means they 're going to have to have trucks on the roads ( to carry the waste ) , and that means people are going to be exposed to land mines and so on - and it increases the use of fossil fuels , " Mr McGlead told BBC News .
" By providing them with a self - contained waste management capability , we 're reducing their logistical footprint , reducing the number of body bags , and reducing their fossil fuel usage . "
In addition , the size and complexity reduction of the system for US army use means the approach could see application outside the military .
" We 're finding more and more people in the commercial sector want to take ownership of their waste , and they want to reduce their carbon footprint , so they see energy from waste as a good way to go , " Mr McGlead said .
" There are people that are interested in it for blocks of flats - it has a number of different applications . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Steve Keen , Zed Books ( ISBN : 1864030704 )
To paraphrase Nietzsche , economics is dead we have killed it with our disbelief .
To see why , Steve Keen 's excellent book is essential reading ( as is his webpage : www.debunkingeconomics.com).
It is an important work and recommended for any one interesting in finding out about the limitations of mainstream economics .
And what limitations they are !
Keen goes into the crazy assumptions , methodology and contradictions of neoclassical economics in some detail , debunking key aspects of the dogma and showing not only when they contradict reality but also when they are logically inconsistent and contradict itself .
Keen argues that it is impossible to ignore economics ( " to treat it and its practitioners as we these treat astrologers " ) as it is a social discipline and so what we " believe about economics therefore has an impact upon human society and the way we relate to one another . "
Despite " the abysmal predictive record of their discipline , " economists " are forever recommending ways in which the institutional environment should be altered to make the economy work better , " i.e. make the real economy more like their models ( as " the hypothetical pure market performs better than the mixed economy in which we live " ) .
( pp. 6 - 8 )
Given that since the mid-1970s the promotion of the market and the reduction of government interference in the economy have become dominant .
The " global economy of the early 21st century looks a lot more like the economic textbook ideal that did the world of the 1950s . . .
All these changes have followed the advance of economists that the unfettered market is the best way to allocate resources , and that well - intentioned interventions which oppose market forces will actually do more harm than good . "
As such , " [ w ] ith the market so much more in control of the global economy now than fifty years ago , then if economists are right , the world should be a manifestly better place : it should be growing faster , with more stability , and income should go to those who deserve it . "
However , " [ u ] nfortunately , the world refuses to dance the expected tune .
In particularly , the final ten years of the 20th century were marked , not by tranquil growth , but by crises . " ( p. 2 )
These problems and the general unhappiness with the way society is going is related to various factors , most of which are impossible to reflect in mainstream economic analysis even if economists could be bothered to include them ( their assumptions and methodology exclude such concerns by behalf ) .
They flow from the fact that capitalism is a system marked by inequalities of wealth and power and so how it develops is based on them , not the subjective evaluations of atomised individuals that economics starts with .
Anarchists argue that this is unsurprising as economics , rather than being a science is , in fact , little more than an ideology whose main aim is to justify and rationalise the existing system .
Keen 's book is a contribution to making economics " less of a religion and more of a science " by tearing up " the foundations of economics " and , as such , it should be essential reading for all .
( p. 19 ) Given how comprehensive his book is , it is difficult to cover all aspects of it .
As such , I will concentrate on some key areas which will indicate why anarchists should read it .
As Keen argues , neoclassical economics is based on a " dynamically irrelevant and factually incorrect instantaneous static snap - shot " of the real capitalist economy .
( p. 197 ) Equilibrium analysis simply presents an unreal picture of the real world .
Not that the stable unique equilibrium actually exist for , ironically , " mathematicians have shown that , under fairly general conditions , general equilibrium is unstable . " ( p. 173 ) Economics treats a dynamic system as a static one , building models rooted in the concept of equilibrium when a non-equilibrium analysis makes obvious sense .
It is not only the real world that has suffered , so has economics :
" This obsession with equilibrium has imposed enormous costs on economics . . . unreal assumptions are needed to maintain conditions under which there will be a unique , ' optimal ' equilibrium . . .
If you believe you can use unreality to model reality , then eventually your grip on reality itself can become tenuous . " ( p. 177 )
Indeed , the neo-classical theory falls flat on its face .
Basing itself , in effect , on a snapshot of time its principles for the rational firm are , likewise , based on time standing still .
It argues that profit is maximised where marginal cost equals marginal revenue yet this is " correct if the quantity produced never changes " and " by ignoring time in its analysis of the firm , economic theory ignores some of the most important issues facing a firm . "
Neo-classical economics " ignores time , and is therefore only relevant in a world in which time does no matter . " ( pp. 80 -1 )
Economics even has problems with its favoured tool , mathematics .
As Keen indicates , economists have " obscured reality using mathematics because they have practised mathematics badly , and because they have not realised the limits of mathematics . "
Indeed , there are " numerous theorems in economics that reply upon mathematically fallacious propositions . " ( p. 258 and p. 259 ) As an example , he points to the theory of perfect competition which assumes that while the demand curve for the market as a whole is downward sloping , an individual firm in perfect competition is so small that it cannot affect the market price and , consequently , faces a horizontal demand curve .
In other words , economics breaks the laws of mathematics .
A key chapter is Keen 's discussion of the Cambridge Capital Controversy when dissident economists pointed out that the neoclassical justification for profits as the contribution of capital to output was deeply flawed .
While leading neoclassical economists admitted that the critique was correct in the 1960s , today " economic theory continues to use exactly the same concepts which Sraffa 's critique showed to be completely invalid " in spite the " definitive capitulation by as significant an economist as Paul Samuelson . "
As he concludes : " There is no better sign of the intellectual bankruptcy of economics than this . " ( p. 146 , p. 129 , p. 147 ) This is important as this theory ( theory of marginal productivity ) is used to this day to justify the current distribution of income , arguing that the widening gap between rich and poor simply reflects the market efficiently rewarding productiveness .
What is the critique of this mainstay of economic orthodoxy ?
In essence , capital goods cannot be aggregated together unless you give them a price .
However , to give them a price involves assuming a rate of interest equal to the rate of profit .
This means that the rate of profit on capital is meaningless as it is based on circular reasoning and so profits cannot equal any contribution to production .
Even if you ignore this problem , marginal productivity theory still runs aground .
Keen summarises the arguments , noting that looking at the economy as a whole , " the desired relationship -- the rate of profit equals the marginal productivity of capital -- will not hold true " as it only applies " when the capital to labour ratio is the same in all industries -- which is effectively the same as saying there is only one industry . "
Thus " when a broadly defined industry is considered , changes in its conditions of supply and demand will affect the distribution of income . "
This means that a " change in the capital input will change output , but it also changes the wage , and the rate of profit . . .
The distribution of income is to some significant degree determined independently of marginal productivity . . . to work out prices , it is first necessary to know the distribution of income . . .
There is therefore nothing sacrosanct about the prices that apply in the economy , and equally nothing sacrosanct about the distribution of income .
It reflects the relative power of different groups in society . " ( p. 135 )
Keen shows the unscientific nature of economics by looking at the notion of diminishing marginal costs required to produce a downward slopping supply curve .
He presents a summary of the empirical evidence which contradicts this key assumption of economics .
How has economics handled this consistent evidence accumulated over many decades ?
By ignoring it .
This speaks volumes for the way that economics handles contrary evidence to accepted beliefs .
Not that this should come as a surprise , given that the notion was originally invented to ensure that neoclassical economics did not suggest that the economy would become dominated by big business ( that this was precisely what was happening in the real economy at the time was considered irrelevant ) .
It should be noted that the empirical research simply confirmed an earlier critique of neo-classical economics presented by Piero Sraffa in 1926 , a critique Keen ably summarises .
( pp. 66 - 72 )
No other science would think it appropriate to develop theory utterly independently of phenomenon under analysis .
No other science would wait decades before testing a theory against reality .
No other science would then simply ignore the facts which utterly contradicted the theory and continue to teach that theory as if it were a valid generalisation of the facts .
This strange perspective makes sense once it is realised how key the notion of diminishing costs is to economics .
In fact , if the assumption of increasing marginal costs is abandoned then so much of neoclassical economics .
It is worthwhile quoting Keen at length on this :
" Strange as it may seem . . . this is a very big deal .
If marginal returns are constant rather than falling , then the neo-classical explanation of everything collapses .
Not only can economic theory no longer explain how much a firm produces , it can explain nothing else .
" Take , for example , the economic theory of employment and wage determination . . .
The theory asserts that the real wage is equivalent to the marginal product of labour . . .
An employer will employ an additional worker if the amount the worker adds to output -- the worker 's marginal product -- exceeds the real wage . . .
[ This ] explains the economic predilection for blaming everything on wages being too high -- neo-classical economics can be summed up , as [ John Kenneth ]
Galbraith once remarked , in the twin propositions that the poor do n't work hard enough because they 're paid too much , and the rich do n't work hard enough because they 're not paid enough . . .
" If in fact the output to employment relationship is relatively constant , then the neo-classical explanation for employment and output determination collapses .
With a flat production function , the marginal product of labour will be constant , and it will * never * intersect the real wage .
The output of the form then can't be explained by the cost of employing labour .
. .
[ This means that ] neo-classical economics simply cannot explain anything : neither the level of employment , nor output , nor , ultimately , what determines the real wage . . . the entire edifice of economics collapses . " ( pp. 76 -7 )
Demand is just as bad , with neoclassical economics itself proving that you cannot aggregate individual demand curves unless you apply some very surreal assumptions .
This was forced upon it as the original versions of utility theory were used to justify the redistribution of wealth .
To avoid that conclusion economists had to show that " altering the distribution of income did not alter social welfare .
They worked out that two conditions were necessary for this to be true : ( a ) that all people have the same tastes ; ( b ) that each person 's tastes remain the same as her income changes , so that every additional dollar of income was spent exactly the same way as all previous dollars . "
The former assumption " in fact amounts to assuming that there is only one person in society . "
The latter assumption " amounts to assuming that there is only one commodity -- since otherwise spending patterns would necessary change as income rose . "
The net effect is that one essential building block of the economic analysis of markets , the demand curve , " does not have the characteristics needed for economic theory to be internally consistent . " ( p. 24 and pp. 25 -7 )
This is important because " economists are trying to prove that a market economy necessarily maximises social welfare .
If they can't prove that the market demand curve falls smoothly as price rises , they can't prove that the market maximises social welfare . "
In addition , " the concept of a social indifference curve is crucial to many of the key notions of economics : the argument that free trade is necessarily superior to regulated trade , for example , is first constructed using a social indifference curve .
Therefore , if the concept of a social indifference curve itself is invalid , then so too are many of the most treasured notions of economics . " ( p. 50 )
Keen also debunks
Say 's law and the notion derived from it that involuntary unemployment and recessions are impossible under free market capitalism .
Say 's law " evisage [s ] an exchange - only economy : an economy in which goods exist at the outset , but where no production takes place .
The market simply enables the exchange of pre-existing goods . "
This is " best suited to the economic irrelevance of an exchange - only economy , or a production economy in which growth does not occur .
( p. 194-7 ) Equally important is his critique of the standard model of the labour market which shows that " wages are highly unlikely to reflect workers ' contributions to production " ( he notes that economic theory itself shows that workers will not get a fair wage when they face organised or very powerful employers unless they organise unions ) .
This is because economists treat labour as no different from other commodities yet " economic theory supports no such conclusion . "
At its most basic , labour is not produced for profit and the " supply curve for labour can ' slope backward ' -- so that a fall in wages can cause an increase in the supply of workers . " ( pp. 111 - 2 and pp. 118-9 )
He stresses that the idea of a backward sloping supply curve for labour is just as easy to derive from the assumptions used by economists to derive their standard one .
Thus economic theory " fails to prove that employment is determined by supply and demand , and reinforces the real world observation that involuntary unemployment can exist " as reducing the wage need not bring the demand and supply of labour into alignment .
While the assumption of an upward sloping supply curve is taken as the normal situation , " there is no theoretical -- or empirical -- justification for this . "
Sadly for the world , this assumption is used to draw very strong conclusions by economists ( arguments against minimum wages , trade unions and demand management by government are all based on it ) .
Yet such important policy positions " should be based upon robust intellectual or empirical foundations , rather than the flimsy substrate of mere fancy .
Economists are quite prone to dismiss alternative perspectives on labour market policy on this very basis -- that they lack any theoretical or empirical foundations .
Yet their own policy positions are based as much on wishful thinking as on wisdom . " ( pp. 121 - 2 and p. 123 )
Keen also debunks the really ridiculous neoclassical theories of the stock market , noting that the modern theory is rooted in the ideas of a 1920s economist who had the decency to revise his theory when faced with the 1929 crash .
His dissection of the Efficient Market Hypothesis is a classic , showing how it assumes that everyone is identical in terms of what they know , what they can get and what they do with knowledge and cash .
This results in a theory which argues that investors correctly predict the future .
He quotes the developer of the theory being honest enough to state that the " consequence of accommodating " key aspects of reality " are likely to be disastrous in terms of the usefulness of the resulting theory . . .
The theory is in a shambles . "
Unsurprisingly , " as time went on , more and more data turned up which was not consistent with " the theory .
This is because the model 's world " is clearly not our world . "
It " should never have been given any credibility -- yet instead it became an article of faith for academics in finance , and a common belief in the commercial world of finance . " ( p. 233 , p. 246 and p. 234 )
This insane theory is at the root of the argument that finance markets should be deregulated and as many funds as possible invested in them .
While the theory may benefit the minority of share holders who own the bulk of shares and help them pressurise government policy , it is hard to see how it benefits the rest of society .
Keen presents alternative , more realistic theories which argue that finance markets show endogenous instability , result in bad investment as well as reducing the overall level of investment as investors will not fund investments which are not predicted to have a sufficiently high rate of return .
All of which has a large and negative impact on the real economy .
So , all in all , an important book which should be considered essential reading by all radicals -- otherwise you will be at a disadvantage when debating those who take economics seriously .
A couple of days ago , David asked me to add a new feature to the animation editor UI .
He wanted the ability to have multiple timelines in the UI so he could mix animations .
He drew me a picture to make it a bit more clear :
It required a little bit of refactoring , but it was pretty straightforward to implement .
Normally something like this would take a really long time , but thanks to our decision to standardize on HTML5 for our UI layer ( via Webkit / Chrome / Awesomium ) , it took less than a day !
Here 's a video of the new UI coupled with soothing ambient music from Mikko Tarmia !
Be sure to watch it in HD !
I highly recommend watching this on YouTube or pressing the fullscreen button , so it is more legible .
When we get a little further along , I am sure John will post another professional video showing how to use it in the game !
In the meantime , I 've posted the UI sources in the secret preorder forum to people who want to test it out .
The Death Penalty Information Center has released its latest report , “ Smart on Crime : Reconsidering the Death Penalty in a Time of Economic Crisis . ”
The report combines an analysis of the costs of the death penalty with a newly released national poll of police chiefs who put capital punishment at the bottom of their law enforcement priorities .
Click here to read the report .
Click here to read DPIC ’s press release .
Click here for the Executive Summary of the report .
( DPIC , “ Smart on Crime : Reconsidering the Death Penalty in a Time of Economic Crisis , ” released Oct. 20 , 2009 ) .
See other DPIC reports .
Since Chicago 's first - round failure to bring home an Olympic bid , calls have grown louder for Mayor Daley and the City Council to turn their attention back to running the city and addressing serious problems ranging from street violence to a troubled transit system .
But after several years of budget problems and multiple rounds of layoffs — and another huge budget hole for 2010 — it 's going to be harder and harder to pull off .
A close look at the city 's payroll records shows that over the last year and a half the Daley administration has been forced to shed scores of jobs responsible for core service delivery such as policing , criminal investigations , emergency communications , traffic control , garbage pickup , tree trimming , airport security , and public health care .
According to payroll records , the administration cut 2,245 jobs between March 2008 and October 2009 , reducing the total city workforce to 36,296 .
That 's the smallest it 's been in at least 18 years .
Not surprisingly , some of the biggest departments in the city took the biggest hits , starting with the police department .
Here are the five departments with the most cuts :
DEPARTMENT / OCTOBER 2009 PAYROLL / JOB LOSSES SINCE MARCH 08 / SHARE OF DEPT WORKFORCE
POLICE 14962 / 584 / 4 %
STREETS & SAN 2766 / 512 / 16 %
EMERGENCY MGMT 1430 / 311 / 18 %
AVIATION / 1534 1228 / 306 / 20 %
PUBLIC HEALTH 1007 / 200 / 17 %
And here are the five that have lost the biggest portion of their workforce :
DEPARTMENT / OCTOBER 2009 PAYROLL / JOB LOSSES SINCE MARCH 08 / SHARE OF DEPT WORKFORCE
CULTURAL AFFAIRS 52 / 13 / 20 %
AVIATION 1228 / 306 / 20 %
SPECIAL EVENTS 58 / 14 / 19 %
HUMAN RELATIONS 30 / 7 / 19 %
ENVIRONMENT 77 / 17 / 18 %
Many of the cuts raise service - delivery red flags :
* The police department now has 243 fewer police officers ( leaving it with 9,791 ) , 94 fewer detectives ( 1,118 ) , 62 fewer field training officers ( 90 ) , and 62 fewer crossing guards ( 862 ) .
* The Office of Emergency Management and Communications has lost 10 police communications operators ( it 's down to 152 ) and 275 traffic control aides ( 615 ) .
* Streets and San is down 64 sanitation laborers ( it has 1,014 now ) , 26 Bureau of Electricity laborers who do street lamp and other maintenance ( 57 ) , and 14 tree trimmers ( 102 ) .
* Aviation has cut 253 motor pool truck drivers ( leaving it with 124 ) , all 29 of its airport customer service workers , and 12 of 44 aviation security officers .
* The health department pink - slipped 15 social work assistants ( it 's down to 11 ) , 14 public health aides ( 47 left ) , 4 of its 22 physicians , 3 of its 4 dentists , and dozens of support staff .
One of America 's top financial regulators has suggested that Wall Street institutions should be banned from calling themselves " banks " in an effort to clear a fog of confusion about the word in both political and consumer circles .
Sheila Bair , chair of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) , suggested that only commercial deposit - taking institutions , where customers ' cash is safeguarded by a guarantee , should be permitted to describe themselves as banks .
" Everything gets called a bank these days , " Bair told the annual conference of the American Bankers Association .
" Wall Street firms , mortgage firms ...
Maybe there should be some legal constraints on who should call themselves banks – maybe only FDIC insured institutions should have that label . "
Such a definition would exclude the likes of Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley , which do not take consumer deposits but often describe themselves as investment banks .
It would also leave out thousands of " mortgage banks " that typically act as go - betweens linking consumer and secondary financial markets .
An annual gathering of banking chief executives , held in Chicago this year , has been greeted with protests organised by unions furious at irresponsible lending , home foreclosures and bailouts .
Several hundred demonstrators wielding placards with slogans such as " stop robber barons " and " hold banks accountable " rallied outside the Sheraton hotel , where the financial bosses were gathering .
Amid tight security , activists tried to get into an opening drinks reception on Sunday evening but were kept back by police .
Protests were also staged at the Chicago office of Goldman Sachs .
The American Bankers Association includes JP Morgan Chase , Bank of America and Citigroup .
But it argues that the majority of its members are community banks which should not be blamed for the ills of Wall Street .
" The financial crisis is unfortunately often referred to as a banking crisis , " said Edward Yingling , chief executive of the association , adding high - profile failures such as AIG , Lehman Brothers , Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were not banks .
More than 100 smaller banks have been seized by regulators in the US this year , with the FDIC stepping in to safeguard customers ' deposits .
Many industry regulators argue that large institutions , too , should be allowed to fail rather than being bailed out by the government .
Bair said the concept of banks becoming " too big to fail " had become a moral hazard following aid to keep firms such as Citigroup and Bank of America afloat , and that the government ought to develop a way of winding down unviable firms in a sensible manner .
She added that there was a growing political consensus between Republicans and Democrats on this .
The Anti-Empire Report
It is forbidden to kill ; therefore all murderers are punished unless they kill in large numbers and to the sound of trumpets .
— Voltaire
Question :
How many countries do you have to be at war with to be disqualified from receiving the Nobel Peace Prize ?
Answer : Five .
Barack Obama has waged war against only Pakistan , Afghanistan , Iraq and Somalia .
He ’s holding off on Iran until he actually gets the prize .
Somalian civil society and court system are so devastated from decades of war that one would n’t expect its citizens to have the means to raise serious legal challenges to Washington ’s apparent belief that it can drop bombs on that sad land whenever it appears to serve the empire ’s needs .
But a group of Pakistanis , calling themselves “ Lawyers Front for Defense of the Constitution , ” and remembering just enough of their country ’s more civilized past , has filed suit before the nation ’s High Court to make the federal government stop American drone attacks on countless innocent civilians .
The group declared that a Pakistan Army spokesman claimed to have the capability to shoot down the drones , but the government had made a policy decision not to .
The Obama administration , like the Bush administration , behaves like the world is one big lawless Somalia and the United States is the chief warlord .
On October 20 the president again displayed his deep love of peace by honoring some 80 veterans of Vietnam at the White House , after earlier awarding their regiment a Presidential Unit Citation for its “ extraordinary heroism and conspicuous gallantry . ”
War correspondent Michael Herr has honored Vietnam soldiers in his own way : “ We took space back quickly , expensively , with total panic and close to maximum brutality .
Our machine was devastating .
And versatile .
It could do everything but stop . ”
What would it take for the Obamaniacs to lose any of the stars in their eyes for their dear Nobel Laureate ?
Perhaps if the president announced that he was donating his prize money to build a monument to the First — “ Oh What a Lovely ” — World War ?
The memorial could bear the inscription : “ Let us remember that Rudyard Kipling coaxed his young son John into enlisting in this war .
John died his first day in combat .
Kipling later penned these words :
“ If any question why we died ,
Tell them , because our fathers lied . ”
“ The Constitution supposes what the history of all governments demonstrates , that the executive is the branch of power most interested in war , and most prone to it .
It has accordingly with studied care vested the question of war in the legislature . ” — James Madison , in a letter to Thomas Jefferson , April 2 , 1798 .
A wise measure , indeed , but one American president after another has dragged the nation into bloody war without the approval of Congress , the American people , international law , or world opinion .
Millions marched against the war in Iraq before it began .
Millions more voted for Barack Obama in the belief that he shared their repugnance for America ’s Wars Without End .
They had no good reason to believe this —
Obama ’s campaign was filled with repeated warlike threats against Iran and Afghanistan — but they wanted to believe it .
If machismo explains war , if men love war and fighting so much , why do we have to compel them with conscription on pain of imprisonment ?
Why do the powers - that - be have to wage advertising campaigns to seduce young people to enlist in the military ?
Why do young men go to extreme lengths to be declared exempt for physical or medical reasons ?
Why do they flee into exile to avoid the draft ?
Why do they desert the military in large numbers in the midst of war ?
Why do n’t Sweden or Switzerland or Costa Rica have wars ?
Surely there are many macho men in those countries .
“ Join the Army , visit far away places , meet interesting people , and kill them . ”
War licenses men to take part in what would otherwise be described as psychopathic behavior .
“ Sometimes I think it should be a rule of war that you have to see somebody up close and get to know him before you can shoot him . ” — Colonel Potter , M*A*S*H
“ In the struggle of Good against Evil , it ’s always the people who get killed . ” — Eduardo Galeano
After the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , a Taliban leader declared that “ God is on our side , and if the world ’s people try to set fire to Afghanistan , God will protect us and help us . ”
“ I trust God speaks through me .
Without that , I could n’t do my job . ” — George W. Bush , 2004 , during the war in Iraq .
“ I believe that Christ died for my sins and I am redeemed through him .
That is a source of strength and sustenance on a daily basis . ” — Barack Obama .
Why do n’t church leaders forbid Catholics from joining the military with the same fervor they tell Catholics to stay away from abortion clinics ?
God , war , the World Bank , the IMF , free trade agreements , NATO , the war on terrorism , the war on drugs , “ anti- war ” candidates , and Nobel Peace Prizes can be seen as simply different instruments for the advancement of US imperialism .
Tom Lehrer , the marvelous political songwriter of the 1950s and 60s , once observed : “ Political satire became obsolete when Henry Kissinger was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize . ”
Perhaps each generation has to learn anew what a farce that prize has become , or always was .
Its recipients include quite a few individuals who had as much commitment to a peaceful world as the Bush administration had to truth .
One example currently in the news : Bernard Kouchner , co-founder of Medecins Sans Frontieres which won the prize in 1998 .
Kouchner , now France ’s foreign secretary , has long been urging military action against Iran .
Last week he called upon Iran to make a nuclear deal acceptable to the Western powers or else there ’s no telling what horror Israel might inflict upon the Iranians .
Israel “ will not tolerate an Iranian bomb , ” he said .
“ We know that , all of us . ”
There is a word for such a veiled threat — “ extortion ” , something normally associated with the likes of a Chicago mobster of the 1930s …
“ Do like I say and no one gets hurt . ”
Or as Al Capone once said : “ Kind words and a machine gun will get you more than kind words alone . ”
The continuing desperate quest to find something good to say about US foreign policy
Not the crazy , hateful right wing , not racist or disrupting public meetings , not demanding birth certificates … but the respectable right , holding high positions in academia and in every administration , Republican or Democrat , members of the highly esteemed Council on Foreign Relations .
Here ’s Joshua Kurlantzick , a “ Fellow for Southeast Asia ” at CFR , writing in the equally esteemed and respectable Washington Post about how — despite all the scare talk — it would n’t be so bad if Afghanistan actually turned into another Vietnam because “ Vietnam and the United States have become close partners in Southeast Asia , exchanging official visits , building an important trading and strategic relationship and fostering goodwill between governments , businesses and people on both sides .
…
America did not win the war there , but over time it has won the peace .
…
American war veterans publicly made peace with their old adversaries …
A program [ to exchange graduate students and professors ] could ensure that the next generation of Afghan leaders sees an image of the United States beyond that of the war . ”
And so on .
On second thought , this is not so much right - wing jingoism as it is … uh … y’know …
What ’s the word ? …
Ah yes , “ pointless . ”
Just what is the point ?
Germany and Israel are on excellent terms … therefore , what point can we make about the Holocaust ?
As to America not winning the war in Vietnam , that ’s worse than pointless .
It ’s wrong .
Most people believe that the United States lost the war .
But by destroying Vietnam to its core , by poisoning the earth , the water , the air , and the gene pool for generations , the US in fact achieved its primary purpose : it left Vietnam a basket case , preventing the rise of what might have been a good development option for Asia , an alternative to the capitalist model ; for the same reason the United States has been at war with Cuba for 50 years , making sure that the Cuban alternative model does n’t look as good as it would if left in peace .
And in all the years since the Vietnam War ended , the millions of Vietnamese suffering from diseases and deformities caused by US sprayings of the deadly chemical “ Agent Orange ” have received from the United States no medical care , no environmental remediation , no compensation , and no official apology .
That ’s exactly what the Afghans — their land and / or their bodies permeated with depleted uranium , unexploded cluster bombs , and a witch ’s brew of other charming chemicals — have to look forward to in Kurlantzick ’s Brave New World .
“ If the U.S. relationship with Afghanistan eventually resembles the one we now have with Vietnam , we should be overjoyed , ” he writes .
God Bless America .
One further thought about Afghanistan :
The suggestion that the United States could , and should , solve its ( self - created ) dilemma by simply getting out of that god - forsaken place is dismissed out of hand by the American government and media ; even some leftist critics of US policy are reluctant to embrace so bold a step —
Who knows what horror may result ?
But when the Soviet Union was in the process of quitting Afghanistan ( during the period of May 1988 - February 1989 ) who in the West insisted that they remain ?
For any reason .
No matter what the consequences of their withdrawal .
The reason the Russians could easier leave than the Americans can now is that the Russians were not there for imperialist reasons , such as oil and gas pipelines .
Similar to why the US can’t leave Iraq .
Washington ’s eternal “ Cuba problem ” — the one they ca n’t admit to
“ Here we go again .
I suppose old habits die hard , ” said US Ambassador to the United Nations , Susan Rice , on October 28 before the General Assembly voted on the annual resolution to end the US embargo against Cuba .
“ The hostile language we have just heard from the Foreign Minister of Cuba , ” she continued , “ seems straight out of the Cold War era and is not conducive to constructive progress . ”
Her 949 - word statement contained not a word about the embargo ; not very conducive to a constructive solution to the unstated “ Cuba problem , ” the one about Cuba inspiring the Third World , the fear that the socialist virus would spread .
Since the early days of the Cuban Revolution assorted anti-communists and capitalist true - believers around the world have been relentless in publicizing the failures , real and alleged , of life in Cuba ; each perceived shortcoming is attributed to the perceived shortcomings of socialism —
It ’s simply a system that can’t work , we are told , given the nature of human beings , particularly in this modern , competitive , globalized , consumer - oriented world .
In response to such criticisms , defenders of Cuban society have regularly pointed out how the numerous draconian sanctions imposed by the United States since 1960 have produced many and varied scarcities and sufferings and are largely responsible for most of the problems pointed out by the critics .
The critics , in turn , say that this is just an excuse , one given by Cuban apologists for every failure of their socialist system .
However , it would be very difficult for the critics to prove their point .
The United States would have to drop all sanctions and then we ’d have to wait long enough for Cuban society to make up for lost time and recover what it was deprived of , and demonstrate what its system can do when not under constant assault by the most powerful force on earth .
In 1999 , Cuba filed a suit against the United States for $ 181.1 billion in compensation for economic losses and loss of life during the first 39 years of this aggression .
The suit held Washington responsible for the death of 3,478 Cubans and the wounding and disabling of 2,099 others .
In the ten years since , these figures have of course all increased .
The sanctions , in numerous ways large and small , make acquiring many kinds of products and services from around the world much more difficult and expensive , often impossible ; frequently , they are things indispensable to Cuban medicine , transportation or industry ; simply transferring money internationally has become a major problem for the Cubans , with banks being heavily punished by the United States for dealing with Havana ; or the sanctions mean that Americans and Cubans ca n’t attend professional conferences in each other ’s country .
These examples are but a small sample of the excruciating pain inflicted by Washington upon the body , soul and economy of the Cuban people .
For years American political leaders and media were fond of labeling Cuba an “ international pariah . ”
We do n’t hear much of that any more .
Perhaps one reason is the annual vote in the General Assembly on the resolution , which reads : “ Necessity of ending the economic , commercial and financial embargo imposed by the United States of America against Cuba ” .
This is how the vote has gone :
Year Votes ( Yes - No ) No Votes 1992 59 - 2 US , Israel 1993 88 - 4 US , Israel , Albania , Paraguay 1994 101- 2 US , Israel , Uzbekistan 1995 117-3 US , Israel , Uzbekistan 1996 138-3 US , Israel , Uzbekistan 1997 143-3 US , Israel 1998 157-2 US , Israel 1999 155- 2 US , Israel , Marshall Islands 2000 167-3 US , Israel , Marshall Islands 2001 167-3 US , Israel , Marshall Islands 2002 167-3 US , Israel , Marshall Islands 2003 173-3 US , Israel , Marshall Islands , Palau 2004 179-3 US , Israel , Marshall Islands , Palau 2005 182-4 US , Israel , Marshall Islands , Palau 2006 183-4 US , Israel , Marshall Islands , Palau 2007 184-4 US , Israel , Marshall Islands , Palau 2008 185-3 US , Israel , Palau 2009 187-3 US , Israel , Palau
How it began , from State Department documents : Within a few months of the Cuban revolution of January 1959 , the Eisenhower administration decided “ to adjust all our actions in such a way as to accelerate the development of an opposition in Cuba which would bring about a change in the Cuban Government , resulting in a new government favorable to U.S. interests . ”
On April 6 , 1960 , Lester D. Mallory , Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Inter - American Affairs , wrote in an internal memorandum : “ The majority of Cubans support Castro … The only foreseeable means of alienating internal support is through disenchantment and disaffection based on economic dissatisfaction and hardship .
… every possible means should be undertaken promptly to weaken the economic life of Cuba . ”
Mallory proposed “ a line of action which … makes the greatest inroads in denying money and supplies to Cuba , to decrease monetary and real wages , to bring about hunger , desperation and overthrow of government . ”
Later that year , the Eisenhower administration instituted the suffocating embargo .
When kids are offered sweetened cereals at breakfast , they eat twice as much as they should , but when they are given low - sugar brands , they consume the appropriate serving size , according to a new study .
KIDS ' CEREALS KIDS ' CEREALS
Cereals with the poorest nutrition ratings that are advertised to kids : 1 . Reese 's Puffs
2. Corn Pops
3. Lucky Charms
4. Cinnamon Toast Crunch
4. Cap'n Crunch ( tied )
6. Trix
6. Froot Loops ( tied )
6. Fruity and Cocoa Pebbles ( tied )
9. Cocoa Puffs
10 . Cookie Crisp Cereals most frequently marketed to kids on TV 1 .
Cinnamon Toast Crunch
2. Honey Nut Cheerios
3. Lucky Charms
4. Cocoa Puffs
5. Trix
6. Frosted Flakes
7. Fruity and Cocoa Pebbles
8. Reese 's Puffs
9. Corn Puffs
10 . Froot Loops Cereals most frequently marketed to kids on the Internet 1 .
Trix
2. Lucky Charms
3. Honey Nut Cheerios
4. Fruity and Cocoa Pebbles
5. Honey Comb
6. Reese 's Puffs
7. Apple Jacks
8. Froot Loops
9. Corn Pops
10 . Frosted Flakes Source : Rudd Center for Food Policy and Obesity at Yale University OBESITY COMPLICATIONS OBESITY COMPLICATIONS
A new study confirms what savvy consumers have long suspected :
Most breakfast cereals advertised to kids are chockfull of sugar and low on fiber .
In fact , cereals marketed to kids have 85 % more sugar , 65 % less fiber and 60 % more sodium than those aimed at adults , according to the report from Yale University 's Rudd Center for Food Policy and Obesity .
DIET DRUGS : 3 new prescriptions for obese in FDA pipeline SURVEY : Fiber - rich cereals that finally meet taste test PARENTS :
Help kids maintain a healthy diet without a hefty cost Researchers analyzed the content of popular cereals using a nutrient profiling system and reviewed data on how cereals are marketed to kids .
Findings released over the weekend : • The least nutritious cereals are often the most heavily marketed to children .
Among them : Reese 's Puffs , Corn Pops , Lucky Charms , Cinnamon Toast Crunch and Cap'n Crunch .
• The major cereal companies have products that received good nutrition marks , but not many of those are advertised to children .
• Companies have dropped the average sugar content of kids ' cereals , from 3 ½ teaspoons to 3 teaspoons of sugar a serving .
• The average preschooler sees 642 TV cereal ads a year ; most are for types with the worst nutrition ratings .
Cereal companies spend more than $ 156 million a year marketing to children .
• Cereal companies have websites that are wildly popular with children such as the millsberry .com site from General Mills .
• Some of the products with the poorest nutrition ratings have health claims on the boxes .
Cereal companies have made pledges to self - regulate , but those promises " have not shielded kids from the barrage of messages " to eat the least healthful products , the report says .
" Industry self - regulation is an abject failure , " says Kelly Brownell , director of the Rudd Center .
" The worst cereals are being marketed very heavily to children . "
He presents the analysis today in Washington at the annual meeting of the Obesity Society .
But the industry says it already addresses this issue .
" Kellogg has a global standard that determines how and what products are marketed to children under 12 , " says company spokeswoman Kris Charles .
Products that did n't meet the criteria either have been reformulated or are no longer marketed to kids under 12 , she says .
And General Mills spokeswoman Heidi Geller says that kids who eat cereal more frequently , including presweetened cereals , " tend to weigh less than kids who eat cereal less frequently — and they are better nourished . "
In a related study , Yale researchers tracked 89 children , ages 5 to 12 , who made their own breakfasts at summer camps .
Kids were given either a box of sweetened cereal such as Frosted Flakes , Froot Loops and Cocoa Pebbles , or a box of a low - sugar cereal such as Corn Flakes , Cheerios , Rice Krispies .
They could take as much as they wanted of cereal , milk , sugar , orange juice , bananas and strawberries .
Results : • Kids given the low - sugar cereal ate about one serving or one cup .
A serving varied from ¾ cup to 1 ¼ cup depending on the weight of the product .
• Those eating the high - sugar type ate two servings or about two cups .
• Children rated the taste of both types equally high .
• Kids eating the low - sugar brands added some sugar but still ate about half as much sugar and far fewer calories than the other kids and were more likely to put fruit on top .
" Part of getting kids to eat more fruit at breakfast is not having it compete with Froot Loops or another high - sugar cereal , " says Marlene Schwartz , deputy director of the Rudd Center .
The report is at CerealFacts.org .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Calling it a " groundbreaking agreement , " Verizon Wireless and Google announced today that they would work together to produce mobile devices based on the search giant 's Android platform .
Certainly the deal is a breakthrough for Google , considering Verizon serves more than 87 million customers and is the biggest service provider yet to join forces with the company .
For Verizon Wireless , the move could be seen as the company 's latest attempt to compete against the Apple iPhone and AT&T .
During a conference call , Google Chief Executive Eric Schmidt and Verizon Wireless CEO Lowell McAdam said they began talking about a partnership about a year and a half ago .
Before sealing the deal , Google wanted Verizon 's commitment to open source platforms .
To illustrate its commitment to openness , McAdam said Verizon would support Google 's Google Voice phone management service .
Under the partnership , Verizon Wireless and Google plan to co-develop several handsets based on the Android platform that will come preloaded with their own applications and applications from third parties .
The new Android phones will have 10,000 or more applications available .
Verizon Wireless and Google plan to close the deal in the next few weeks with Verizon Wireless announcing some Android - based handsets at that time .
Both companies said they will devote " substantial resources " to the venture .
Leading handset manufacturers will supply the devices .
CIMA , California --
Driving along a pockmarked road amid rocks and Joshua trees in a lonely southern California desert , religious controversy might be the last thing you 'd expect to encounter .
A judge ruled the Mojave Cross must be covered until a First Amendment issue can be resolved .
And if you do n't look too closely , you 're likely to zip right past the focus of a hotly contested Supreme Court battle .
A federal judge has ordered the Mojave Cross , a war memorial erected by a veterans group 75 years ago , to be covered .
It 's boxed in plywood .
The issue is less about what the cross symbolizes and more about where it sits :
In the middle of the Mojave National Preserve , which is government land .
The high court on Wednesday will consider whether the display violates the First Amendment 's provision for a separation of church and state .
Watch details of the cross case »
More specifically , does an individual who protests the cross have legal standing to take the case to court ?
Do congressional efforts to minimize the appearance of a constitutional violation carry any weight ?
View details on other cases awaiting the Supreme Court »
" Religion is always very hard fought in the Supreme Court , and this is no exception , " said Thomas Goldstein , a Washington appellate attorney and co-founder of scotusblog.com .
" A single cross on a single plot of land has given rise to this huge constitutional controversy .
The court will look at whether Congress , with a kind of wink and a nod , ( can ) say that this governmental cross is now on private land or are we ( going to ) say , no this is a governmental war monument and it has a religious symbol on it . "
Riley Bembry , who served as a medic in World War I , helped erect the cross in 1934 .
It sits on a 4,000 - foot plateau and was a place of reflection for many vets who retreated to the desert in part to recover from severe lung diseases caused by mustard gas attacks during the Great War .
An annual Easter service is held there , but until recently only locals knew about it .
The site is not on any maps .
Watch a video about the Mojave monument »
Bembry never got permission from the government to erect the cross , but for decades nobody seemed to care .
He was the caretaker of the memorial for five decades until he died in 1984 .
In 1994 , 1.6 million acres of desert -- including the land with the cross on it -- was transferred to the National Park Service .
A few years later , a resident wanted to put up a Buddhist shrine near the cross .
The request was denied .
Frank Buono , a former deputy superintendent of the preserve , filed a lawsuit with the help of the ACLU , claiming federal officials were acting unfairly .
" He thinks that the government is in effect misappropriating this sacred symbol and trying to give it just a secular meaning , " said Peter Eliasberg , managing attorney of the ACLU of Southern California .
" It strikes me as sort of odd that it just happens to be in that shape , " Eliasberg said .
" If what they really wanted to do was have a war memorial , there are hundreds of other shapes that it could be in .
... Mr. Buono does not have an objection to the government having a war memorial there that 's in the shape of a soldier , or that 's in the shape of the Vietnam memorial . "
A federal court ordered the cross removed earlier this decade .
A judge ruled that until the dispute is settled the cross had to be covered .
In 2001 Congress got involved .
Lawmakers prohibited the Park Service from spending federal dollars to remove the display .
A year later , they designated the site a national memorial similar to the Washington Monument and Mount Rushmore .
More importantly , the Republican - led Congress agreed to transfer one acre of land around the cross in exchange for five private acres inside the preserve .
A San Francisco , California - based appeals court turned that offer down , saying it failed to satisfy Constitutional concerns .
The land swap " would leave a little donut hole of land with a cross in the midst of a vast federal preserve " the court said .
The Supreme Court has traditionally taken a case - by - case approach to similar First Amendment cases .
Among other things , it has upheld tax exemptions for churches and the mention of " God " on U.S. currency .
Test your Supreme Court knowledge »
At the same time , it has banned government - sponsored school prayer and imposed limits on public aid to parochial schools .
In 2005 , a Ten Commandments monument on the Texas Statehouse grounds was allowed to stand because it was surrounded by historical markers .
But the same day , the placement of Ten Commandment parchments in two Kentucky county courthouses was ruled unconstitutional .
The high court called them " a governmental effort substantially to promote religion . "
Earlier this year , the justices ruled that a small religious group could not erect a granite monument in a Utah park next to an existing Ten Commandments display .
This time , the Obama administration will argue in favor of keeping the cross and allowing the land transfer .
The implications of the case could extend beyond the Mojave Cross .
Individual gravestones are not at issue , but war memorials have long featured religious imagery .
" There are 5 million veterans that we represent ... would be quite shocked and horrified to know that those memorials and the symbols chosen by vets 75 years or 100 years ago would suddenly have to be torn down by a bulldozer , " said Hiram Sasser , attorney for the Liberty Legal Institute .
Wanda and Henry Sandoz have been taking care of the memorial since Bembry passed away .
They shake their heads over the legal fight that will take them to Washington .
" I hope it wo n't be too long before we can look at the cross again without that stupid box , " Wanda Sandoz said .
" Yep , really .
We 'll repaint it , " Henry Sandoz said .
" I already bought some white paint , " Wanda Sandoz said .
CNN national correspondent Kate Bolduan contributed to this report
All About U.S. Supreme Court • Religion
Via NoMoreMisterNiceGuy , I see that Newsweek seems to have devoted an entire issue to Sarah Palin .
As I said earlier , with Sarahcuda dribbling through a full - court press from the media ( I ’m not sure who I ’m parodying here , but it ’s someone ) , Playgirl ’s got to pull the trigger on the Levi issue ASAP .
Anyway , the Newsweek analysis is n’t entirely stupid , though it does push the “ center - right ” nation bullshit .
One piece compares her to Barry Goldwater , which I think is wrong .
I agree with this email from a reader , suggesting she is more like a cross between Carrie Prejean and Rudy Giuliani :
Palin / Prejean
I have n’t seen many comments about the similarities in the behavior of these two beauty queens .
Both expect to be treated with deference by journalists , and accuse the most milquetoast of old , male interviewers of bias .
They ’re both conservative fundamentalist megachurch attendees .
Much of what they say is later proven to be a lie .
Both quit their day job to cash in .
Both have big skeletons in their closets , if you believe Levi Johnston .
Both have a gay blogger nemesis .
I think if you try to understand Palin as a beauty queen , it really explains her behavior as AK Gov — it was just a title to her , and she loved the ceremonial aspects while she dodged the real work .
That ’s also why I do n’t really take her seriously as a candidate .
She ’s never going to do the work to win enough primaries to get the GOP nomination .
Her campaign will look a lot like Rudy Guiliani ’s — well financed , based on a few minutes of fame , and ultimately unable to engage with primary voters .
( I admit that this post was partly an excuse to use this title suggestion from South of I - 10 . )
The new economic statistics put growth at a healthy 3.5 % for the third quarter .
We should be dancing in the streets .
No one is , because no one has any faith in these numbers .
Waves of money are sloshing through the system , creating a false rising tide that lifts all boats for the moment .
The tide will recede .
The boats are n't rising , they 're bobbing , and will settle .
No one believes the bad time is over .
No one thinks we 're entering a new age of abundance .
No one thinks it will ever be the same as before 2008 .
Economists , statisticians , forecasters and market specialists will argue about what the new numbers mean , but no one believes them , either .
Among the things swept away in 2008 was public confidence in the experts .
The experts missed the crash .
They 'll miss the meaning of this moment , too .
The biggest threat to America right now is not government spending , huge deficits , foreign ownership of our debt , world terrorism , two wars , potential epidemics or nuts with nukes .
The biggest long - term threat is that people are becoming and have become disheartened , that this condition is reaching critical mass , and that it afflicts most broadly and deeply those members of the American leadership class who are not in Washington , most especially those in business .
It is a story in two parts .
The first : " They do not think they can make it better . "
I talked this week with a guy from Big Pharma , which we used to call " the drug companies " until we decided that did n't sound menacing enough .
He is middle - aged , works in a significant position , and our conversation turned to the last great recession , in the late mid- to late 1970s and early ' 80s .
We talked about how , in terms of numbers , that recession was in some ways worse than the one we 're experiencing now .
Interest rates were over 20 % , and inflation and unemployment hit double digits .
America was in what might be called a functional depression , yet there was still a prevalent feeling of hope .
Here 's why .
Everyone thought they could figure a way through .
We knew we could find a path through the mess .
In 1982 there were people saying , " If only we get rid of this guy Reagan , we can make it better ! "
Others said , " If we follow Reagan , he 'll squeeze out inflation and lower taxes and we 'll be America again , we 'll be acting like Americans again . "
Everyone had a path through .
Now they do n't .
The most sophisticated Americans , experienced in how the country works on the ground , can't figure a way out .
Have you heard , " If only we follow Obama and the Democrats , it will all get better " ?
Or , " If only we follow the Republicans , they 'll make it all work again " ?
I bet you have n't , or not much .
It was a report that went right to the roots of United States broadband policy , so it should come as no surprise that it 's getting hammered by the telecommunications industry .
Harvard 's Berkman Center study of global broadband practices , produced at the FCC 's request , is an " embarrassingly slanted econometric analysis that violates professional statistical standards and is insufficiently reliable to provide meaningful guidance , " declares AT&T .
The study does does nothing but promote the lead author 's " own extreme views , " warns a response from Verizon Wireless .
Most importantly , it " should not be relied upon by the FCC in formulating a National Broadband Plan , " concludes the United States Telecom Association .
Reviewing the slew of criticisms , Berkman 's blog wryly notes that the report seems to have been " a mini stimulus act for telecommunications lawyers and consultants . "
( Interestingly , not everything the Berkman study observes is repugnant to the telcos — hint : big direct public subsidies . )
But the ISPs have good reason to go after Harvard scholar Yochai Benkler 's survey on " Next Generation Connectivity " around the world , because if the Federal Communications Commission does endorse the study 's conclusions in its impending National Broadband Plan , that document might say something like this :
FCC line - sharing policy since 2002 has taken the United States off track when it comes to broadband deployment .
The agency should reverse course and require AT&T , Verizon , Qwest , Comcast , Time Warner Cable , and the other big ISPs to open their networks to smaller providers of residential broadband service at regulated wholesale rates .
This will foster competition , lower prices , and more innovative broadband offerings across the country , as it has elsewhere .
That 's what 's at stake in this debate , and it's not a pretty prospect for Big Telecom .
But first , let 's recap how we got to this point .
Head - to - head
In 2005 , the Supreme Court ruled in the Brand X case that the FCC had acted legally when it reclassified cable modem services three years earlier as " information " rather than " telecommunications " systems .
Off the " common carrier " hook , big cable no longer had to provide network access to smaller rivals .
Following the high court 's decision , the FCC extended the same logic to the telcos as well , declaring that the move would allow " wireline broadband Internet access providers to respond quickly to consumer demand with efficient , innovative services and spur more vigorous head - to - head competition with broadband services provided over other platforms . "
Since then , this policy has been accepted as a given ; that is , until the FCC asked the Berkman Center to take a look at broadband regulation and development practices around the world to help it formulate its National Broadband Plan .
" Talking about ' unbundling , ' or more broadly open access in the United States today is a bit like wearing bellbottoms or talking about a national healthcare system , " the Berkman study noted .
Nonetheless , the Center 's report concluded that elsewhere , those policies " are almost universally understood as having played a core role in the first generation transition to broadband in most of the high - performing countries " — a class that does n't include the US , in large part because of the " information services " decisions the FCC made between 2002 and 2005 .
France , on the other hand , is a member of the high speed club .
The Berkman report even argues that by opening up its main provider , France Telecom , to smaller competitors , the country overtook Germany in the broadband penetration race and put France in the " first tier of speed . . . with substantial availability of 100 Mbps service . "
Deutschland generally offers 50 Mbps to consumers , the survey says .
And Japan is definitely in the winner 's circle .
Why ?
Berkman argues that applying unbundling and open access policies to the country 's dominant provider , NTT Corporation , allowed competitors like Yahoo !
BB to break into the market with free DSL modems , lower prices , and innovative offerings , " most disruptive of which was bundling free VoIP with broadband access as early as 2001 . "
" Today Yahoo !
BB has slightly over a third of the DSL market , " the report notes , " NTT has another third , and the remainder is shared among other providers , mostly KDDI and eAccess . "
Ditto for Britain , whose " functional separation " policies forced British Telecom to set up a division that sold open access to smaller providers .
This did n't result in the level of success that France has enjoyed , but it has allowed the United Kingdom to offer consumers low prices for high speed service .
Canada , on the other hand , only undertook " half - hearted efforts " in these areas .
" Its results , " Berkman concludes , " have been weaker than those of other countries we review here . "
Decides for itself
So what are the main criticisms of the report ?
Verizon and AT&T argue that by coming to its own conclusions , the Berkman study deviated from its mandate to survey the existing literature on global broadband deployment and use .
The study is " merely an advocacy piece for the previously expressed policy opinions of its principal author , " Verizon charges .
The telco cites FCC National Broadband Plan coordinator Blair Levin 's comment , when announcing that the FCC had commissioned the report , that " we do n’t want to reinvent the wheel .
Knowing what has already been learned will improve our ability to deliver the best possible National Broadband Plan . "
But Verizon says that wheel reinventing was clearly the agenda .
" Rather than perform a comprehensive review of the literature as it was tasked to do , " its filing protests , " the Berkman Paper reinvents its mission . "
Ditto , says AT&T .
The survey " purports to decide for itself " the state of global broadband , rather than conducting a neutral survey of the literature .
Both companies also say that the Berkman study tends to gloss over or ignore literature that does n't support its main thesis .
They fault Berkman for not including , among other documents , a study by Scott J. Wallsten and Stephanie Hausladen suggesting that unbundling policies tend to discourage investment in fiber connections ( the report does mention earlier Wallsten writings ) .
But Verizon 's biggest objection is to the Berkman study 's characterization of the United States as a " middle - of - the - pack - performer " when it comes to providing broadband services .
Based on Office for Economic Cooperation and Development data , Berkman places the United States at 15th place in penetration ( per 100 people ) and 19th in various high speed contests .
These observations obscure the fact that Verizon has taken a leading role in fiber investment , Verizon charges , that the US leads in offering consumers broadband service from two wireline platforms , and that it 's a pioneer in wireless broadband .
No cookie cutter
Ironically , while both telcos chide Berkman for coming to its own conclusions about what global broadband deployment practices work best , they also offer the FCC some conclusions of their own .
In fact , AT&T draws its recommendations from the very report it criticizes .
Beyond the Berkman study 's conclusions , Verizon notes , open access and unbundling would be a bad policy for the United States , largely because of the rural nature of much of the country .
" The problem in these rural and low - density areas is that they have been unable to attract even a single entrant , " the telco argues .
" Imposing unbundling will not only fail to solve this problem , but will only make things worse : if the economics do not currently support a single provider , they are even less likely to support multiple ( and potentially an unlimited number of ) providers . "
The answer , Verizon recommends , is to subsidize broadband deployment in those areas .
" That is what other countries have done to deliver broadband to all of their citizens , and it is one of the steps the Commission should take as well . "
Here , at last , is something that other countries do that Verizon appears to support .
In a similar vein , AT&T sympathetically agrees with Berkman 's observation that in various nations direct public investment in broadband has played a significant role , especially in South Korea , Japan , and Sweden .
In the case of South Korea , the tab may have come to the equivalent of US $ 443 billion , AT&T notes .
This is not to say that the United States " should adopt identical programs , " of course .
" There are no cookie cutter solutions here , " AT&T observes .
But " there are lessons to be learned from the experience of other countries , and one of those lessons appears to be that direct government encouragement can facilitate deployment and drive penetration . "
Good to know that there 's at least one observation that Berkman can make without drawing fire from the telcos .
The FCC must submit its National Broadband Plan to Congress by February 17 .
There ’s a comic here even though Tony completed a hero ’s journey and Wes witnessed something terrible .
One of my team asked me today for book recommendations on software design and architecture , and I thought about it , and then I realised , well , I have n't really read any .
Which sort of struck me as surprising , because I 've got a head half full of information and ideas about how to do it ( the other half being full of perl ... probably ... ) so it 's got to have come from somewhere .
Now , admittedly , I 've been programming since 1988 , first for a hobby and then for money and as a hobby , so I 've probably forgotten how I learned a lot of things , not to mention a fair few of the things themselves .
Hopefully not important ones , but you never know .
So , I think at the the highest , vaguest level it comes down to : reading words , reading code , and making and discovering mistakes in code .
I 've read a lot of words about design , even if I 've never read them in dead tree form .
I found the original wiki , the Portland Pattern Repository , absolutely fascinating .
I also tend to google around when I hear people discussing a pattern - I 've probably read at least twenty definitions of Model / View / Controller and associated similar patterns for UI code , including some stuff written by the original smalltalk implementors .
I 've lost count of the number of blog posts I 've read , from insightful to idiotic ( you can learn as much from people misunderstanding design as from people understanding it because figuring out how they got into a fallacial viewpoint can help you catch yourself doing the same thing ) .
I 've read The Art Of Unix Programming and other similar things ; Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs is well worth it , but equally so are documents about how to use things written by their designers .
The pragprog Programming Erlang book was interesting and gave me more of an insight into why erlang 's such an effective platform for the types of application it focuses on .
Thinking Forth was a fascinating look at the mindset involved in produces very tight , efficient systems in a stack based language .
Paul Graham 's article on the roots of lisp has a wow moment at the end when you see the metacircular evaluator assembled from a tiny set of primitives , and Higher Order Perl is a fantastic insight not only into functional design but into the way Mark Jason Dominus reasons about the design process .
I 've also read around the culture and concepts of UNIX itself and the early programming done for it and other systems - the Jargon File , the Macintosh Stories and others .
I think I googled ( some time in 2001 , I forget the good links , sorry ) basically for early guides to unix and discussions of unix culture .
I found interesting little programs I 'd never heard of ( comm for a start ) and gained an insight into how these people were thinking when they designed and built the 70s - era software that laid the groundwork for so much of what we do today .
I 've gone through the xerox PARC archives ( parcftp.xerox.com seems to be down right now but there 'll be mirrors if you look ) reading about the early days of object orientation , the LOOPS system that later lead to CLOS and so on .
I 've read a bunch of papers from smalltalkers about how they designed various object systems , and I 've read minimal object systems in lisp ( and even wrote a tiny one myself , r2 - oo.scm ) .
I 've read a lot of source code too - I used to entertain myself by going through linux distro and * BSD package lists to see what perl modules they 'd packaged , skim the docs of the ones that looked interesting and then skim the source of the ones that passed that test .
I 've also done a zgrep on the 02 packages.details.txt.gz in my .cpan for huge namespaces like XML : : and applied the same tests .
Modules by crazy people such as Audrey Tang or her previous incarnation , Autrijus , Ingy dot Net and Simon Cozens have proved edifying , inspiring , and sanity - defying in equal measure too .
The most important thing I think I 've done though is that when I encounter a library design in the wild , or when I 'm attempting to create one , I start inventing use cases in my head , as strange and complex as I can think of , and then try and apply them to the design available .
If the answer is " it will snap if you do that " , I try and work out how to make it bend instead - and 98 % of the time I never encounter that need and never write the code , but in thinking through the potential problems I gain a much better understanding of how something has been built and why it 's been built that way , or of how to build something similar in the future if I ever do need it .
This sort of thing is , I think , known as " directed practice " , but I fail to find a useful citation for that .
The point is to always be attempting to solve problems just at or beyond the limits of your ability ; succeed or fail , you 'll expand your mind substantially that way .
And since you 're doing it in your head , you can do it on the bus , or waiting for somebody to arrive in a pub or restuarant , or because you can't sleep , or ...
Of course , the other really good way to learn about design is to create libraries and put them on CPAN and then realise just how bad you are at it when they try and do perfectly sensible things with them and your code snaps .
Going back over your old designs and asking " what did I get wrong and how could I have done this differently ? " is usually good as well - I think a rule of thumb is that if you do n't hate a good percentage of your own designs of six months to a year ago , you are n't learning fast enough .
None of which says that any of these techniques are the right , the only or even necessarily a good way of learning this stuff ; but it 's the ways that worked for me at least in so far as I remember and I 'm sure there 's at least some things in there worth considering ( and I suspect that I 've missed a few wonderful things I recommended to other people over the past couple years , but perhaps they 'll come and kick me and remind me of them ) .
I 'd also be interested to hear how other Iron Mongers learned what they know about design and architecture - so if you blog about this please drop me an email so I can add your post as a reference at the bottom of here .
Here 's to learning !
-- mst , out .
Coalition of Reason
Atheism is coming to the subway — or at least subway ads promoting it are .
Starting next Monday , a coalition of local groups will run a monthlong advertising campaign in a dozen Manhattan subway stations with the slogan “ A Million New Yorkers Are Good Without God. Are You ? ”
The posters also advertise the Web site BigAppleCoR.org , which provides a listing of local groups affiliated with the Coalition of Reason , the umbrella organization that coordinated the campaign .
The campaign — which is being paid for by $ 25,000 from an anonymous donor — follows a similar but unrelated monthlong campaign on buses by New York City Atheists in July .
Jane Everhart , a spokeswoman for the New York City Atheists , said that campaign was highly successful and brought in many new members .
“ We are trying to raise money to do it again , ” she said .
The subway station advertisements were chosen for the $ 25,000 campaign because they were the best deal for the given budget , said Michael De Dora Jr. , the executive director for the New York branch of the Center for Inquiry .
A Times Square ad would have cost $ 45,000 to $ 50,000 for a month , while a campaign that blanketed the inside of subway cars would have cost $ 70,000 .
The subway campaign is timed to a new book called “ Good Without God ” by Greg Epstein , which is to be released on Oct. 27 by William Morrow .
Mr. Epstein , the Harvard University humanist chaplain , is having a book signing at Columbia University Bookstore on Oct. 28 .
Other books on atheism , including best - selling ones by Richard Dawkins and Christopher Hitchens , have helped to give visibility to an “ atheism awakening , ” where atheists have been finding strength in numbers .
President Barack Obama ’s inaugural address even included a reference to “ nonbelievers ” among an enumeration of various religions .
Mr. De Dora said the million - person estimate of New Yorkers who do not believe in God was an extrapolation from surveys on religion .
The American Religious Identification Survey , which was released earlier this year , showed that those who put “ none ” for religion had risen to 15 percent in 2008 , from 8 percent in 1990 .
Based on their projections , New York City , with its 8.3 million population , would have more than a million nonbelievers , Mr. De Dora said .
( It is questionable , of course , whether New York City , given its demographics , is representative of the country as a whole . )
Asked to comment on the advertisement , Joseph Zwilling , a spokesman for the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York , said : “ The First Amendment allows these groups to preach their religious beliefs .
I hope that the rights of other religious groups will also be respected when they also seek to advertise their beliefs . ”
A number of atheist - themed advertising campaigns have been promoted this year .
The largest so far has been one in Britain that put ads on 800 buses stating : “ There ’s probably no God .
Now stop worrying and enjoy your life . ”
In the United States , the Coalition of Reason has also placed billboards that read “ Do n’t Believe in God ? You Are Not Alone . ” in the Dallas - Fort Worth area and Morgantown , W.Va .
An Indiana atheist group ran ads in the cities of Bloomington and South Bend that read “ You can be good without God . ”
The group , called the Indiana Atheist Bus campaign , also crossed the border into Chicago , where they purchased ads for 25 buses .
Because New York is so large and diverse , the atheist message is actually harder to promote , Mr. De Dora said .
“ Collectively , we ’ve had a harder time selling our message to New Yorkers , ” he said .
In addition , since there are so many different atheist and secular - minded groups in New York , they are competing for an audience .
Aside from the center , other groups in the coalition include the Flying Spaghetti Monster Meetup , New York City Brights , New York Philosophy , New York Society for Ethical Culture , Richie ’s List and the Secular Humanist Society of New York .
The dozen subway stations where the ads are running are :
Babies Cry With an Accent , Study Finds
A study found newborns cry with the melody of their parent 's language .
Nov. 5 , 2009  --
Think newborns just eat , sleep and wail the same way across the world ?
That 's not so , according to a new study which found that babies cry with an accent within the first week of life .
By recording cries of 60 babies born to French or German parents , researchers discovered that babies cry with the same " prosody " or melody used in their native language by the second day of life .
French newborns in the study ended their cries with a lilt at the end typically heard in French .
German babies , however , started their cries intensely and dropped off at the end -- much like the emphasis their German parents put in a sentence , according to a study published Thursday in Current Biology .
Experts in child development say the most exciting part of this discovery is not that infants recognize the melody of their language , but that the newborns may have the ability to use what they heard in the womb to then control their cries .
Were You Learning in the Womb ?
" I think we 've always known that fetuses hear what 's in the room , " said Dr. Ari Brown , author of Baby 411 , and a practicing pediatrician in Austin , Texas .
" As newborns they do recognize their mother 's voices , and they ignore the dog barking because they 've been hearing the dog barking three months before they were born . "
Exactly what fetuses were learning from these noises is still mostly a mystery to doctors .
A small study this spring showed evidence that by the 30th week of pregnancy fetuses had " short - term memory " of loud sounds -- if they recognized a sound was made before , the fetuses would not react to it .
The study published in Current Biology might be a clue that infants are doing more than recognizing the sounds and voices , but absorbing enough detail to mimic them .
" Each language is characterized by very specific musical elements in the form of its prosody , that is , its intonation system and constituent rhythm , " said Kathleen Wermke , co-author of the study and a researcher at the Center for Pre-speech Development and Developmental Disorders , at the University of Wurzburg in Germany .
" Based on prosody alone , human adults and even newborns are able to distinguish different languages , " she said .
But Wermke said actually mimicking the prosody of a language is " much more demanding " because it requires coordination between the muscles in the voice box and controlled breathing .
Communicating From Day One ?
Dr. Rahil Briggs , a child psychologist , was also surprised by the newborns ' control over their voice , but would not go as far as to say that the infant had " learned " the language .
" Learning might be too strong of a word , but certainly mimicking , " said Briggs , who is a director of the Healthy Steps Program at Montefiore Medical Center in New York .
Still , Briggs thinks the news should be important for researchers studying newborns , and a hint that parents should be concerned about their newborn 's environment .
What Should Parents Do ?
" Be aware of the environment you 're placing that infant in , whether it 's about stress or yelling , " said Briggs .
" I think that the state of the science is such that were only going to learn more and more about how incredibly active these early infant and even fetal brains are , " she continued .
" Although they can't tell us what they 're learning and what they remember and taking in at this moment , we know that it really is getting lodged in their brain . "
Finished a Jon Snow chapter , and have just passed the 1100 page ( manuscript pages , the page count in the final printed book will be different ) mark on A DANCE WITH DRAGONS .
That 's counting only finished chapters in something close to final form .
I have considerably more in partials , fragments , and roughs .
Even with just the finished portions , DANCE is now longer than A FEAST FOR CROWS and A GAME OF THRONES , and I 'm closing in on A CLASH OF KINGS .
I do hope I can wrap things up before I approach the 1521 page length of A STORM OF SWORDS .
Making a new run at the Meereenese knot , but maybe not tomorrow .
I think I 'll hang around at the Wall a bit longer , and maybe visit Winterfell .
China - based A - Power owns 60 per cent of Shenyang Power Group , a government - backed industry alliance comprised of Shenyang - based companies that range from power ... more [ truncated due to possible copyright ]
The wind farm will comprise 240 2.5MW wind turbines that will be manufactured in the Chinese city of Shenyang by NASDAQ - listed turbine maker A - Power Energy .
The company , which uses licensed foreign technology , including a turbine patented by Germany 's Fuhrländer and General Electric - designed gear box , said that shipments to the US were expected to begin in March next year .
Most of the funding for the project will come from Chinese banks , with loan guarantees and grants provided by the US federal government 's economic stimulus package , the consortium said .
The 36,000 - acre wind farm , set to be one of the largest in America , is a joint venture between state - backed Chinese firm Shenyang Power Group , US wind farm developer Cielo Wind Power and private equity firm US Renewable Energy Group .
A Sino -US consortium yesterday announced plans for a US $ 1.5 billion , 600MW wind farm in Texas , with China supplying all the turbines and most of the funding .
A Sino -US consortium yesterday announced plans for a US $ 1.5 billion , 600MW wind farm in Texas , with China supplying all the turbines and most of the funding .
The 36,000 - acre wind farm , set to be one of the largest in America , is a joint venture between state - backed Chinese firm Shenyang Power Group , US wind farm developer Cielo Wind Power and private equity firm US Renewable Energy Group .
Most of the funding for the project will come from Chinese banks , with loan guarantees and grants provided by the US federal government 's economic stimulus package , the consortium said .
The wind farm will comprise 240 2.5MW wind turbines that will be manufactured in the Chinese city of Shenyang by NASDAQ - listed turbine maker A - Power Energy .
The company , which uses licensed foreign technology , including a turbine patented by Germany 's Fuhrländer and General Electric - designed gear box , said that shipments to the US were expected to begin in March next year .
China - based A - Power owns 60 per cent of Shenyang Power Group , a government - backed industry alliance comprised of Shenyang - based companies that range from power equipment makers to engineering service providers .
The alliance , formed in May with a $ 44 m investment from the Shenyang municipal government , targets large - scale alternative energy projects in China and overseas .
Shenyang vice mayor Yang Yazhou said the project " would demonstrate for the first time Chinese capital , manufacturing and engineering expertise exported to the US " .
The utility - scale wind farm will supply enough to power for 180,000 homes , according to the consortium .
" [ It ] will be one of the largest undertakings of its kind anywhere in the world , " said Cielo chief executive Walt Hornaday .
The use of Chinese technology and capital to build the new wind farm could also help to inform the current debate over the proposed US climate bill .
Earlier this week , energy secretary Steven Chu warned that without a robust climate bill the US was in danger of being eclipsed in the burgeoning market for clean technologies by Chinese and European firms - fears that already appear to be being borne out .
( Photo : Eric Rogers )
It ’s not surprising that you did n’t realize what you were getting into with your student loan .
You were just barely out of your teen years when you signed the paperwork .
If you ’re like most people , you probably had little understanding of what it means to incur debt and were lulled into a false sense of security with the knowledge that payments will be deferred for years to come .
The language can throw you too .
What ’s the difference between a subsidized and an unsubsidized loan ?
What about federal vs private loans ? , and so on .
This lack of understanding can make you the victim of predatory interest rates from private student loan providers .
But walking away from your student loan is n’t the same thing as walking away from your home loans .
You ’d better be aware of the consequences before you decide not to pay .
Put simply , the only way to absolve yourself of your responsibility to pay back your student loan is to die , or to become unable to work due to a serious disability .
From the government ’s perspective , defaulting on an obligation to pay back a student loan , which in the case of federal loans , is lent with taxpayers ’ dollars is almost as serious as not paying your taxes .
While it ’s not a federal offense to fail to repay these loans , the government , and government - approved student loan companies have ways of getting money that is owed .
That said , what can you do when the debt seems to be too much to bear ?
Student Loan Consolidation and Refinance
Federal student loans are locked in based on current rates at the time of each disbursement .
This can vary when the loan documents are signed .
Private loans typically have a higher rate , and are usually tied to an index such as the Prime Rate or Treasury averages , much like a credit card .
These are typically locked in at a fixed rate , and also vary depending on what federal rates are in place .
As a result of loans being disbursed each semester , many students will find themselves with multiple loans at multiple rates .
For students wishing to consolidate their loans , they must apply for this with each lender .
This will generally result in say , four loans , with varying interest rates , being consolidated into one amount with a common rate .
Refinancing typically means reduced monthly payments with a longer repayment period – usually at a lower interest rate .
If you have federal student loans , and private loans , the interest rates will most likely vary greatly , and must be refinanced separately as you cannot combine your federal student loan debt with private student loans .
To get the best rate with either type , make sure your credit is in good shape before applying .
Your credit will be referenced , and will play a role in refinancing at a preferred rate .
Deferment
Deferring the repayment of loans is typically granted for a number of valid reasons .
This postpones the repayment of principal for a specific period of time .
This is typically for people who continue to be enrolled in school , disabled students that are undergoing some type of rehabilitation , or those individuals that have left school and are either unemployed , or able to display a marked financial hardship .
For subsidized loans , no interest accrues during this time .
For private loans , interest will accrue and will be recapitalized ( added to the loan balance ) , thus increasing the size of the loan .
Forbearance
Those without an approved reason for deferment , but are still unable or unwilling to pay , they may be granted forbearance .
During this period , payments can be postponed or reduced , but interest will continue to accrue .
Interest is not subsidized during a forbearance , as it ’s viewed as a voluntary postponement by the debtor .
As a result you are responsible for the additional interest accrued while payments to the principal are not being made and it ’s added to the loan balance .
These are typically granted in twelve month intervals , but can be made in shorter ones such as three or six month intervals .
Alternate Payment Options
As with any debt , there are always options based on an individual ’s specific circumstances .
Federal lenders are typically easier to work with than private lenders , but there are always options .
For the former the options include : extended repayment , graduated repayment , income sensitive repayment , income contingent repayment , and income - based repayment .
For more information on these options it ’s best to contact your lender and ask about what they can do for you .
As with a deferment or forbearance , it is extremely important to contact your lender to discuss this option while your account is in good standing .
Should you allow your account to go into default , many of the above options will cease to be available .
Declaring Bankruptcy ?
Nope .
In nearly every circumstance , student loans are non-dischargeable .
Walking away from student loans is not like walking away from a credit card , mortgage or car loan .
So , What are the Consequences ?
Collections
Like any substantial debt , the companies you borrowed from will hound you if you stop paying .
Then your account will probably be sent to collections .
They will call , send letters , and in many cases start contacting your family if you fail to respond to their attempts .
If you were a minor when applying for your student loans and your parents co-signed for you , then they can start calling them as well and put pressure on them to make your payments .
Additionally , if your account goes to a collections agency , you will be liable for any legal and court costs associated with collection attempts .
Lawsuits
This is more common with private lenders , but students that default on their student loans may be sued for the full amount of their debt owed .
Courts will typically enforce this via wage garnishments .
Job Hunting
These days , many companies run a background and credit check during the application process .
This is increasingly popular for positions that require even a modest level of responsibility , especially financial responsibility .
While bad credit is not always enough to bar getting hired , having defaulted on student loans is typically a red flag .
In short , it can communicate a lot to an employer about an applicants ’ ethics and track record .
Default Interest Rates
If you neglect to pay your student loans , you will accrue penalties , fees and interest .
Your account will eventually adjust to a default rate , and it will continue to accrue interest until action is taken .
The process and rates for each type of loan varies .
For more information visit the Federal Financial Aid website
Damaged Credit
Going thirty days past due on your student loans will have a negative impact on your credit .
So , you can imagine that walking away from your student loans will carry far greater consequences .
Most estimate the credit impact of defaulting on student loans to be similar to the hit for a real - estate foreclosure .
While debtors ’ prisons have not existed for over a century here in the US , defaulting can haunt you and your credit report for around a decade .
To make matters worse , if you had a co-signer on your loans , their credit will be similarly affected , unless they make the payments for you .
This , of course , could then put a huge strain on personal relationships .
Wage Garnishments
Here ’s the biggest difference between other debts ( mortgage , auto , and credit cards , for example ) and student loan debt : if you fail to pay your student loans , your lender can garnish your wages .
Many people move abroad as an attempt to avoid repaying their student loans .
For those with an excess of $ 100 k , this can make sense at first .
If you move to the EU and find employment there , and pay taxes there , there is no way the US government can garnish these foreign - based earnings .
The problem is , if you want to return to the US and work one day , you ’ll return to the unsavory reality of a much higher balance – due to accrued fees , penalties and compounded interest – and very likely , a wage garnishment .
Related
Africa , from its north to south , from east to west , has huge number of different traditions associated with death .
The Ga or Ga -Adangbe people live in Ghana .
Most of them are in great Accra plains .
They founded Accra , the capital city of Ghana , in the 1500s as a trading port .
They believe that when a person dies , he / she moves to another life .
The Ga carpenters became world famous for the coffins they make .
Some even call them “ fantasy coffins ” .
These coffins have shapes which symbolically represent interests , activities of the deceased when he / she was alive .
Coffins in the shape of plane , shoe , beer bottle , car , animal etc. are made .
The best place where you can see such coffins is the High street in Teshi , Eastern Accra where there are many carpenters in this line of business .
Such coffins are very expensive and their price can be equal to what average family earns in a year .
In Uganda the Baganda people prepare a grave for each individual when they are still children .
Mourning dances are often preformed .
The Kenga people of central Sudan perform mourning dances called “ Dodi ” or “ Mutu ” on a burial day .
The Yoruba of Nigeria have a dance wearing a likeness of the deceased .
The Dogon of Mali perform masked dances ask kind of confrontation with death .
For the Lugbara people of Uganda and the Angas of northern Nigeria dance is an important part of death rites too .
Majority of people in Gabon are Christians .
But , different animist ( spirit ) beliefs are still being practiced by many .
People believe in evil spirits and sorcerers who can call and use them .
Death is often explained as act of an evil spirit or some bad neighbour who can cast a spell .
For the Urhobo of Nigeria death is not the end for the person and his relationship with family .
The ceremonies performed are organized to show the everlasting relationship between the living and dead .
Before the burial the Urhobo communicate with the spirit of the dead and the gods .
They want to know the causes of death and according to them organize appropriate burial .
This tradition still exist despite the fact that most Urhobo people are Christians .
For the Urhobo death can happen because of old age , witchcraft , accident or illness and abomination .
But , generally speaking the Urhobo think that there are only two kind of deaths – good death and bad death .
Good death is associated with people who are 70 or more years old , had a moral life and are not members of some secret cult .
People died in a bad death , are those which died prematurely , members of witchcraft , evil people , those that died in an abominable death .
Such people are not given what is called good burial .
They are thrown into the evil forest to be eaten by wild animals .
This is done to prevent the reincarnation of their spirit .
Some criteria that differs good and bad death can be changed , like for example that good death means among other having children .
The Urhobo people believe that burial rites and ceremonies are needed because without them the spirit of the deceased will not be able to join the ancestral spirit .
Good people are buried in a traditional ritual to the ancestors and gods of the land .
There are prayers for the dead to protect and bless the living .
A young person who died prematurely , but lived a morally right life is buried , but without death festivities and rituals .
In the coffin of the deceased people put some “ weapons ” , such as for example cutlass , knife , broken bottle etc .
These objects should help him / her to fight and avenge his / her death .
The Urhobo believe that young people can not die .
For them these deaths are caused by someone who killed them .
People who died without children are buried , but with no festivities and other rituals .
The reason for this is that they do not have children who will continue to have their name and perform the ancestral worship .
The Urhobo have some differences in burial of women and men .
The women are buried according to reasons which caused their death .
The man on the side have an ancestral burial .
The reason for this fact is a belief that women do not go to the ancestral world .
The Zulu people live in the KwaZulu - Natal Province of South Africa .
They believe that the death is not the end .
Becoming old is seen as very positive thing .
Old people are treated as sacred , kind of blessing for the community .
The Zulu have rather interesting story about death .
Here it goes .
Long , long time ago people did not die .
But they did not know it .
So , the Creator decided to send a messenger and inform people .
The messenger was a chameleon .
The chameleon was rather slow but the Creator think that it is not that important .
While travelling the chameleon got hungry and stopped to eat some berries .
He thought that the Creator would not notice it .
But the Creator found out .
He was very angry .
He sent the second messenger .
It was a lizard .
He was very fast and delivered the message .
After some time the chameleon finally arrived in the village .
He tried to say what was in the message but the people stopped him .
They said that his journey was just a waste of time and that they already got the message .
The Zulu burn all the objects that used to belong to the deceased .
They believe that by doing so evil spirits will not stay in the building where the deceased used to live .
The Maasai people of Kenya believe in one god called Enkai ( Engai , Ngai ) .
Enkai can appear as good Enkai Narok ( Black God ) and bad Enkai Nanyokie ( Red God ) .
Enkai is married to Olapa who is the goddess of the Moon .
Enkai created the first warrior .
His name was Le-eyo ( Leeyio ) .
Enkai gave him a special chant .
With reciting of this chant over dead children Le - eyo could make them alive and also immortal .
But Le-eyo was to selfish .
He did not care about performing this chant for other people .
One day Le - eyo's son died .
He tried to recite the chant but it was to late .
From this day the Maasai believe death has power over people .
The Bara people live in the south of Madagascar .
They believe that their ancestors play key role in their everyday life .
The body of deceased is brought in a “ house of many tears ” .
Women arrive and weep there three times a day .
During period of mourning men and women are separated .
The exception is the evening feast .
On the third day body is put in the family burial house .
The deceased becomes a new ancestor .
This fact is announced by pouring some rum on the doorway .
Description : Hot Asian school teacher finger fucked and toyed in her pussy and ass
As explained by Barry Ritholtz :
Everyone this weekend was so busy watching the Health care bill , that they might have overlooked the most important financial reform legislation since the Commodities Future Modernization Act : A bill is gaining ground in Congress that would " break - up " big banks .
Independent U.S. senator Bernie Sanders has introduced the Volcker Plan .
It gives the government the power to identify and break up financial firms that are " too big to fail . "
James Kwak , of the Baseline Scenario , links to a pdf of the bill , itself .
Which reads , in its entirety :
A BILL
To address the concept of ‘‘ Too Big To Fail ’ ’ with respect
to certain financial entities .
1
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa -
2 tives of the United States of America in Congress assembled ,
3 SECTION 1 . SHORT TITLE .
4 This Act may be cited as the ‘‘ Too Big to Fail , Too
5 Big to Exist Act ’’ .
6 SEC .
2 . REPORT TO CONGRESS ON INSTITUTIONS THAT
7 ARE TOO BIG TO FAIL .
8 Notwithstanding any other provision of law , not later
9 than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act , the
10 Secretary of the Treasury shall submit to Congress a list 2 1 of all commercial banks , investment banks , hedge funds ,
2 and insurance companies that the Secretary believes are
3 too big to fail ( in this Act referred to as the ‘‘ Too Big
4 to Fail List ’’ ) .
5 SEC .
3 . BREAKING -UP TOO BIG TO FAIL INSTITUTIONS .
6 Notwithstanding any other provision of law , begin
7 ning 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act , the
8 Secretary of the Treasury shall break up entities included
9 on the Too Big To Fail List , so that their failure would
10 no longer cause a catastrophic effect on the United States
11 or global economy without a taxpayer bailout .
12 SEC .
4 . DEFINITION .
13 For purposes of this Act , the term ‘‘ Too Big to Fail ’ ’
14 means any entity that has grown so large that its failure
15 would have a catastrophic effect on the stability of either
16 the financial system or the United States economy without
17 substantial Government assistance .
Kwak explains the beauty of the bill 's simplicity :
The bill says that Treasury can break up the institutions any way they want to , so long as the resulting entities do not individually threaten the financial system ( and thereby our economic well - being ) .
So opponents can throw out all those arguments about why separating commercial and investment banking is bad , or why banks have to be global ( a bit of an embarrassment to Wells Fargo ) — now they need to argue that a well - functioning financial system must include institutions that could take down the financial system .
Ritholtz says that even though larger banks will fight the bill , the oligopoly created by the banking bailout might inspire smaller and mid-size banks to support it .
We should , too .
As Nemo , of Self - Evident , says :
This is not about Democrats or Republicans .
It is not about Barack Obama or George Bush or Glenn Beck or Keith Olbermann or Sarah Palin or even Nancy Pelosi .
This is about the financiers versus everybody else .
And we are losing , badly .
Now I am going to say something I never dreamed I would say : God bless Bernie Sanders .
Sign the petition to support Senator Sanders !
By JIM KINNEY
Business writer
Alan J. Axler is good at making new products the old - fashioned way at Springfield Smoked Fish Co .
Four years ago when a friend stopped serving bacon only to have his son turn up his nose at any of the available substitutes , Axler came up with Brekfish , a crispy , smoky , but healthy and kosher substitute for bacon made of smoked salmon .
Brekfish , a new product from the Springfield Smoked Fish Co .
" There are only four ingredients : water , salt , salmon and smoke , " a white - coated Axler explained as workers cut fish behind him at the company 's small and appetizingly aromatic factory on Switzer Avenue .
Then about a year ago the owner of an African market in Worcester called Axler .
Could he smoke a thick salmon steak or smoke whole , gutted tilapia and mackerel , with their heads on , so he can give his customers a taste of home ?
" They saw one of our delivery trucks , " Axler said .
" We 'll take new business from anywhere .
I can come up with the product .
We have the expertise and I think I have a pretty good palate .
I can make things work . "
But the challenge is getting products , particularly Brekfish , into stores where customers can see it and buy it .
" It takes money , " Axler said .
" Anybody who tries the product likes the product . "
Last fall , a friend suggested he submit the application for a business makeover by Forbes Small Business magazine .
His story ended up running on the Web site CNN.com
" So our orders are a little bit up because of that , " he said .
Springfield Smoked Fish has been around since 1934 and owned by Axler 's family since 1967 .
There are just nine workers , including Axler .
They still slice fish by hand , brine it by soaking it in a saltwater solution and bathe it for days in flavorful hardwood smoke .
" We 're one of the few companies that still does this , flavor our fish with real smoke , " he said .
The company has about $ 500,000 a year in sales , mostly through Jewish delicatessens .
But the market for standbys like lox , the thinly sliced smoked salmon eaten on bagels , is shrinking .
" We 've been in trouble for a long time , " Axler said , " but we 've been keeping our heads above water . "
Stores are reluctant to carry a new product , though .
He sells Brekfish on the company Web site , but shipping a perishable product can cost $ 20 , more than twice the $ 7.95 asking price .
Axler hopes that a national firm will buy the recipe for Brekfish and market it on a large scale , but that 's unlikely in this economy because food giants are cutting , not launching brands , he says .
Forbes ' experts told him to market through Jewish delis and health - food markets .
Larry B. Katz , owner of Arnold 's Meats , said he 's made fans for Brekfish after telling a restaurant to take three pounds or so as a trial .
He sells about 30 pounds of Brekfish a week between Arnold 's locations in Chicopee and East Longmeadow .
" It 's not the most popular thing in Chicopee , " he said .
" But , people like it . "
Katz said store owners who are reluctant to stock products like Brekfish are hurting themselves .
" I love having things the big chains do n't carry , " Katz said , " because then you become a destination and they might pick up a steak or a roast while they are here . "
Jim Kinney can be reached at
jkinney@repub.com
VOICE ONE :
This is Shirley Griffith .
VOICE TWO :
And this is Steve Ember with the VOA Special English program , EXPLORATIONS .
Today we tell about one of the most famous rivers in North America , the Rio Grande .
(( THEME ) )
VOICE ONE :
( Photo - National Park Service )
The Rio Grande is the fifth longest river on the North American continent .
It forms the border between the southwestern state of Texas and Mexico .
The Rio Grande been has important in the history and development of the United States and Mexico .
However , the river has a different name in Mexico .
It is called Rio Bravo del Norte .
The Rio Grande begins its three - thousand kilometer trip to the Gulf of Mexico high in the Rocky Mountains in the state of Colorado .
It begins almost four - thousand meters up where the river is fed by melting snow .
Soon , other small streams flow into the river , increasing its size as it flows generally south through the state of New Mexico .
Its waters flow through deep mountain canyons .
Some of them are more than five - hundred meters deep .
It continues across great flat plains areas , and deserts , feeding rich agricultural areas along the way .
VOICE TWO :
The Rio Grande flows south to the cities of El Paso , Texas , and Ciudad Juarez in the Mexican state of Chihuahua .
Then it turns in a southeast direction .
Here it becomes the border line between the United States and Mexico for two - thousand kilometers .
From this point in the most western part of Texas , the Rio Grande flows east to where the river empties into the Gulf of Mexico .
Along its way , the river flows through or past the cities of Albuquerque and Las Cruces , New Mexico , by El Paso , and Ciudad Juarez .
The last cities it touches are Brownsville , Texas on one side of the border and Matamoros , Mexico on the other .
On its long trip to the sea , the Rio Grande expands as a number of rivers flow into it .
In the United States , those rivers include the Pecos , Devils , Chama , and Puerco rivers .
In Mexico , the Conchos , Salado , and San Juan rivers provide waters to the Rio Grande .
VOICE ONE :
In some places the river is more than ten meters deep .
But in many places on the river , there is not much water flowing .
This lack of water is a sign that much of the river is used for growing crops and providing water supplies for the expanding population .
This is not a new use for the Rio Grande .
There is much evidence that the ancestors of the Pueblo Indians in New Mexico used water from the river to grow crops for thousands of years .
The Pueblo ancestors arrived in the southwest of what is now the United States about two - thousand years ago .
Although their food mostly came from hunting , they grew some crops for food .
The Pueblo civilization went through a number of changes over time .
Some of those changes were caused by invasions by other Indian groups such as the Navajo and Apache Indians .
A severe dry period more than six - hundred years ago also affected the Pueblo civilization .
The weather is believed to be one reason some of the great cities of the southwest area were left empty as the Pueblo ancestors moved closer to the Rio Grande .
A major change for these people began soon after the first Europeans came to the Rio Grande .
(( MUSIC ) )
VOICE TWO :
In the early Fifteen - Hundreds , Spanish ships sailed to the mouth of the Rio Grande .
They first were looking for a way to the Pacific Ocean .
Soon they were more interested in searching for riches such as those captured by Spanish explorer Hernando Cortes .
In Fifteen - Twenty - One , Cortes conquered the great Aztec Empire in what is modern Mexico .
Cortes seized huge amounts of gold and jewels from the Aztecs .
Many Spanish explorers heard the stories about the wealth of the Aztecs .
They hoped to find similar wealth among other Indian groups in North America .
Some explorers hoped that the Rio Grande would lead them to Indian nations that also possessed gold and jewels .
The most famous explorer of the Rio Grande territory was Francisco Vazquez de Coronado .
He arrived at the Rio Grande in Fifteen - Forty .
VOICE ONE :
Earlier explorers of the Rio Grande area said they had heard of great Indian cities on a river in the north .
The stories they heard were about cities that had treasures of costly stones , such as turquoise and emeralds .
The Spanish explorers also believed there was gold , silver , iron and copper in the mountains to the north .
Spain had already taken great wealth from the Incas of Peru and the Aztecs of Mexico .
Why not also take the riches of the Indians cities north of Mexico ?
So , the Spanish viceroy of Mexico gave an order which would change the history of North America .
He asked Coronado to lead an army of Spanish soldiers to the north .
They were ordered to conquer new land for the king of Spain -- land that the Spaniards called Cibola .
VOICE TWO :
Coronado and his soldiers did not find the cities of gold that they were seeking .
Instead they found many Indian towns with tall houses and rich fields full of corn and other plants .
The people were peaceful farmers .
They did not remain peaceful .
The Spanish soldiers did things to the Pueblo Indians that made them angry .
So , the Indians decided to push the Spaniards out of their land .
The Spanish soldiers won the battles with the Pueblo Indians and destroyed many of their towns .
Then the Spanish searched for gold and silver .
They found none .
They returned to Mexico with nothing to show for their struggles in the areas of the Rio Grande River .
Coronado died in Mexico City in Fifteen - fifty - four .
He was forty - four years old .
(( MUSIC ) )
VOICE ONE :
After Coronado left the Rio Grande country in Fifteen - Forty - Two , the area again belonged to the Indians .
Again the Spanish tried to establish a colony in the area .
They tried four times and failed each time .
In Fifteen - Ninety - Eight , a large Spanish army marched north from Mexico .
The King of Spain ordered that a colony be established on the river north of Mexico .
The name of the new colony was to be New Mexico .
VOICE TWO :
Traveling with this army were many families , Roman Catholic priests , and thousands of cattle .
They established a colony on the river where some Pueblo Indians already lived .
The Spanish called it San Juan .
The Indians seemed to accept them .
But the peace did not last .
Suffering and tragedy spread through the land as the Spanish and Indians fought .
The Spanish priests and the settlers in San Juan began to protest against the cruel treatment of the Indians .
It would be better , they said , not to have any Spanish colony in New Mexico than to built one on such crimes against the native peoples .
Finally , in Sixteen - Six , the King of Spain ordered the end of the colony at San Juan .
The Spanish settlers left but the Indians remained at what is now San Juan Pueblo .
The Spanish would be back .
VOICE ONE :
In Sixteen - Ten , a new governor of New Mexico arrived .
A new capital was built , called Santa Fe .
It still is the capital .
This time the goal of the Spanish government was to spread the Christian religion among the Indians .
The Brothers of the Order of Saint Francis were not like the earlier Spaniards .
At first the Indians resisted them .
But , over time , they understood that these men did not want to oppress them .
The Franciscans wanted to teach the Indians about Jesus Christ .
The Franciscans helped the Pueblo Indians build many beautiful churches throughout the area .
The churches were built with local materials .
They did not look like the traditional churches of Europe .
Some of these churches still stand today .
They are very popular with artists .
VOICE TWO :
The Spanish government and the Franciscans argued about how to treat the Indians .
The government wanted to use them as slaves .
The Franciscans wanted the Indians to be protected .
The Indians were not sure who they should obey .
While this dispute was taking place there was a long dry period that caused people in the area to starve .
Then , the disease smallpox began taking the lives of many Indians and Spanish settlers .
There was a violent rebellion by the Pueblo Indians and the Spanish were forced to leave the Rio Grande area .
Yet , they were not to be pushed out for long .
(( THEME ) )
VOICE ONE :
This Special English program was written by Oliver Chanler .
This is Shirley Griffith .
VOICE TWO :
And this is Steve Ember .
Join us again next week for the second part of this EXPLORATIONS program on the Voice of America .
-----
This V - O - A Explorations Report is published courtesy of VOAnews.com
October was a mixed bag for U.S. retail , and a situation where even bad same - store sales growth was decent since many companies continued to witness declines .
Below we show some of the best and worst October retail sales figures from major retailers .
The first thing clear is that when times are tough , Americans come to their wits and stop buying Abercrombie .
Same store sales for the company were down a nasty 15 % in October , partly due to the company 's Hollister and Ruehl brands doing especially bad .
Same - store sales for Dillard's , Neiman Marcus , J.C. Penny , and Limited Brands also fell by less than appealing amounts .
Yet brands and good management can help , and companies such as Gap , Nordstrom , and TJX are proof of that since they were able to grow their sales reasonably well .
Of course , price matters too , especially in this environment .
The fact that lower cost retailers such as Costco and Ross Stores are doing well is n't that much of a surprise .
Get This Delivered To Your Inbox
You can get this dropped in your inbox every afternoon as The Chart Of The Day .
It 's simple .
It 's convenient .
It 's free .
All we need is your email address ( though we 'd love your name and state , too , if you 're willing to share it ) .
Sign up below !
Far out :
The amazing images from the Space Shuttle 's seven - day stint at the International Space Station
Advertisement
Tomorrow the Space Shuttle Atlantis is due to touch down on Earth after a successful seven - day mission to deliver vital equipment to the International Space Station .
During the past week as astronauts stockpiled the outpost and performed maintenance a series of stunning images were taken which we reveal here .
Previously when images were released by Nasa they were soon after the event but still very fuzzy .
It is only on recent missions that images of this quality of image were released almost as soon as they had happened .
They are testament to the rapid advances in technology available to both the public and space scientists .
This stunning image shows the Sun greeting the International Space Station as seen from the Russian section of the orbital outpost .
It was taken , photographed by one of the Space Shuttle crew
Space Shuttle astronaut Robert L. Satcher Jr. , uses a digital still camera to take a picture of his helmet visor during mission 's first mission outside the space station .
Also visible in the reflections are various components of the station and astronaut Mike Foreman ( upside down , top centre of picture )
The Space Shuttle , left , shortly after it cast off to head home and ( right ) its view of the Space Station , looking back , as it drifts away .
These slightly muzzy images used to be as good as images from space would get
The U.S. is retiring its three - ship shuttle fleet in 2010 after five more missions to complete construction and outfitting of the £ 59 billion space station .
The shuttle departed at 9 pm GMT two days ago as the spacecraft soared nearly 220 miles above the Pacific , just north - east of New Guinea .
Atlantis is scheduled to land tomorrow morning at Nasa 's spaceport in Florida
On board Atlantis is one astronaut eager to hold his newborn daughter for the first time and another who 's been away from her young son since the summer .
Sun set in space :
The thin line of Earth 's atmosphere is illuminated as the sun sinks behind the planet
Astronaut Nicole Stott , on her way home after three months in orbit , said goodbye to the five colleagues she left behind on the space station .
' It was a real pleasure working with you guys , " she radioed .
" I was blessed with a wonderful crew , and I look forward to seeing you guys on the ground real soon . '
Today marks the 89th day in space for Ms Stott , a 47 - year - old engineer .
She flew to the space station at the end of August .
She said she can't wait to see her husband and seven - year - old son , and to have a pizza .
Spaceman Randolph Bresnik is also eager to get back .
His wife gave birth to their second child , Abigail Mae Bresnik , on Saturday - shortly after his first spacewalk .
The shuttle astronauts had to take one final survey of the wings and nose of their ship using a 100 ft , laser - tipped inspection boom before they headed off .
They need to make sure the vulnerable thermal shielding was not damaged by micrometeorites over the past week .
Atlantis ' cargo bay - brimming with big spare parts when it arrived at the space station last Wednesday - was empty .
Astronaut Robert L. Satcher Jr. works outside the International Space Station as he participates in Atlantis ' first spacewalk during the maintenance mission
This image from the Space Station looks down over the Russian Soyuz spacecraft and the docked space shuttle Atlantis , with Earth 's horizon forming the background
Tools in hand , astronaut Randy Bresnik works on the exterior of the Columbus module of the International Space Station during the Atlantis crew 's second spacewalk
The astronauts installed some of the equipment during three spacewalks and performed other work to keep the station operating long after the retirement of Nasa 's three shuttles next fall .
The next shuttle visit , by Endeavour , is in February .
The space station , a project of 16 nations , then will be serviced by Russian , European and Japanese cargo ships , though none can transport the heavy pumps , tanks and gyroscopes carried by the shuttle .
Astronauts will fly exclusively on Russian Soyuz capsules at a cost of about £ 30 million a seat .
The U.S. has been developing a replacement for the space shuttles , but it is not expected to unveil it until 2015 at the earliest .
An advisory panel tapped by the Obama administration to assess Nasa 's human space programs determined the new spaceship wo n't be ready until 2017 .
In addition to flying to the station , which currently is funded only through 2015 , the new ships are being designed to fly astronauts to the moon and other destinations in the solar system .
The programme , however , is under review .
During Atlantis ' mission , astronauts conducted three spacewalks to install antennas , science experiments , cargo mounts and other tasks .
They are returning with the station 's broken urine - recycling system , which purifies wastewater into potable water .
Also returning to Earth are six mice that have been aboard the station since late August for science experiments .
Three of the mice died while in space , though scientists are not sure why .
Astronaut Robert L. Satcher Jr ( left ) works Space Station during the Atlantis ' first spacewalk of the mission .
Anchored to a mobile foot restraint , the same astronaut during another part of the six hour 37 minute spacewalk .
He and fellow astronaut carried out various maintenance projects including installed a set of cables for a future space - to - ground antenna and replaced a handrail
This image was taken by a crew member on the International Space Station shortly after the Shuttle undocked .
Undocking of the two spacecraft occurred at 3:53 a.m. ( Central Daylight Time ) .
This is six hours behind GMT .
The area of Earth below is unspecified
COSATU - supported protest in solidarity with the people of Swaziland .
Declaration of the Congress of South African Trade Unions International Solidarity Conference , Johannesburg , June 24 - 26 , 2009 .
COSATU -- Gathered at this historic International Solidarity Conference of COSATU are workers , activists and internationalists committed to a new and just world order , free from poverty , hunger and injustice .
We have concluded two days of intensive engagements , critical reflections and dedicated work to assess and ascertain the revolutionary mood of workers and the poor masses of the world , the ebbs and flows of the global class struggle and the state of readiness by working - class forces and their organisations to wage a decisive battle for the new and just global economic system .
With the economic crisis becoming more pronounced in both the advanced capitalist states and developing countries , it presents a special opportunity for more international working - class solidarity , deeper co-ordination of global struggles and the sharpening of our strategic focus .
Accordingly , we believe that this era we live in is best captured by the fact that , as Yash Tandon , the executive director of the South Centre states : “ Capitalism has been a predatory system of 400 years with dire ecological consequences …
What we are witnessing is not just melting of the global financial markets .
We are witnessing the meltdown of the capitalist and ecological systems … ”
The planet ’s warming continues to accelerate ; water wars are already underway , unending droughts and expanding desertification are affecting the livelihood of millions ; the rapid melting of glaciers increase devastating downstream floods in highly populated areas ; climate - related migrations , often intertwined within local and regional conflicts are growing , and substantial rises in food prices and energy costs throw millions into abject poverty .
We are however , very conscious of the massive wave of working and poor people ’s struggles for political and economic democracy , gender equality , workers ' rights , social justice and popular participation in global affairs .
We believe that we are proud of our own contribution to this mighty force for change and recommit ourselves to do all within our power to take forward this critical part of our work .
We further took the opportunity to reflect on the most pressing global issues and how best to strengthen the efforts of the struggling forces towards principled unity , maximum cohesion and renewed militancy against the forces of global capitalism .
In this regard , we reflected on the following key issues .
On climate change
Climate change is mostly the responsibility of developed countries , though unfortunately , developing countries are adopting same predatory economic growth patterns of the developed countries that brought us to this disastrous situation .
It is in this light that we affirm our profound belief that the principle of common but differentiated responsibilities is an appropriate response .
Owing to the destructive legacy of apartheid capitalism , South Africa for example , is one of the biggest producers of carbon emissions and stands at no.11 globally .
South Africa is a middle - income country ; it has one of the highest levels of CO2 emissions per capita in the world and beats China and India , which have bigger economies and populations .
Climate change is a workers ' issue .
Climate change provides an opportunity to change our productive model .
The transition to a “ green ” and low - carbon economy must address workers ' concerns and the impact of climate change on employment .
The possibilities for green jobs in the adaptation and mitigation measures must take into account “ just transition ” measures in the climate change agenda .
Research and development into mitigation measures such as clean - coal technologies and carbon capture and storage measures will be necessary measures for a “ just transition ” towards a low carbon economy .
“ Just transition ” measures recognise the reality of fossil fuel , particularly coal , as factor of production in both developed and developing economies .
A “ just transition ” recognises the right of society -- in consultation with stakeholders -- to decide , even in a precautionary manner about environmental issues .
Without “ Just Transition ” , workers , families and communities will pay most of the cost of mitigation and adaptation .
A just transition is more flexible and more extensive than traditional labour market adjustment programs .
It includes support for communities , industries and a period of income protection for workers .
It moves workers from existing jobs to emerging ones , and to prepare them for the next phase in their lives .
“ Just transition ” proposes the protection of trade union rights and enhanced successor rights , to create institutional stability throughout the transition period .
Governments and business unequivocally agree climate change is real and have to a large degree , a genuine interest in taking action , but they have adopted market - driven and trade - led solutions .
These are false solutions because they do not challenge the paradigm but they seek to stabilise global capitalism .
On the global economic crisis
The financial crisis of 2007–2009 has been characterised as the most devastative and far - reaching financial crisis since the Great Depression , with its global effects marked by the failure of big businesses , declines in consumer buying power estimated to be around trillions of US dollars , substantial financial commitments incurred by governments , and a significant decline in economic activity .
In this regard , market - based and regulatory solutions have been implemented or are under consideration , while conditions continue to worsen for the majority of poor and working people all over the world , particularly in Sub-Sahara Africa .
The more and deeper are the crises of capitalism , the more and deeper are the desperate attempts to bail it out by the global ruling class , acting in their own interests and on behalf of global corporations .
With the situation reaching critical proportions in the US and other advanced economies , the developing world is beginning to feel the impact more harshly , particularly the African continent .
This is a result of the thorough integration of this continent into the global capitalist economy as a peripheral part of it since the 19th century .
In many regions of the world , including in parts of the Middle East , we see encouraging progress toward new and stronger anti-imperialist organisations and leadership .
By far the most important gains in this respect have been registered in Venezuela .
This provides hope for the struggle against neoliberalism and its destructive growth path in many parts of the world .
For many years , working - class and progressive movements internationally have been on the defensive .
The movement in Venezuela provides an opportunity to link up with the power of a living revolution and to win a new generation of militants inspired by its example .
It confirms the need for movements of working people and the oppressed to struggle for political power .
In the short term , the defence of quality jobs is key .
On Africa ’s position and role in the global economy
It is the raw materials , cheap labour power and unfair market access to our economies that have proven to be an indispensable factor for the industrialisation of Western Europe and North America .
Now that there is a marked decline of commodity prices and wages for workers and farmers in Africa , the threat is real that a total economic collapse is abound , though that should also lead to the intensification of class struggle .
The lending terms by the IMF and World Bank to African and other developing countries created serious debt problems for many African countries that led to the imposition of the Structural adjustment programmes that literally arrested any prospect for genuine development in these countries .
According to a World Bank report , “ The economic crisis is projected to increase poverty by around 46 million people in 2009 .
The principal transmission channels will be via employment and wage effects as well as declining remittance flows . ”
The global economic crises that have wrecked the nations of Africa in the post - colonial period are many and complex .
However , the truth of the matter is that they are a crisis of capitalism .
They reflect the accumulation of massive poverty on the one hand , and extreme wealth on the other , with the unsustainable trends of greed being mostly responsible for this occurrence .
This trend only benefits global elites and their counterparts in Africa in whose interests undemocratic regimes loot our economies , plunder our resources and destroy our environment , hence the maintenance of oppressive regimes to keep their interests safe from the challenge of workers and the poor .
There is a steady growth of African countries that are exploring for oil , which creates a pull factor towards Africa and the push factor away from the Middle East according to some experts , who also note technological advances in off - shore drilling and the discovery of new oil deposits in such countries as Mauritania , Chad and Ghana .
This is also compounded by the China factor , which has become the second largest consumer of oil after the US , hence its expanded presence in Africa to secure natural resources .
Africom
Linked to this is the threat of increased US military presence on the continent , with AFRICOM as the most immediate danger facing the future of our continent , as the US involvement in securing oil supplies has led to increased imperialist wars in other parts of the world .
This is the reason why some analysts see AFRICOM as putting a velvet glove of humanitarian aid over the fist of the military ” .
The following factors are noted on the position of our continent in the global economy ;
The continent was once partitioned by European powers at the Berlin conference of 1873 and today it is part of the mainstream global capitalist economy , though as an extraction zone of raw materials that are beneficiated in the advanced countries and provide much needed jobs and economic expansion and sustainability in those countries .
This was the role assigned by imperialism to our countries .
China has joined the West as the new economic imperialist power on the continent , through the dumping of finished goods and the exploitation of oil deposits and wells in Angola , while Russia is also competing for that same space .
Revenue arising from the sale of commodities is not equitably shared and distributed in African countries , like oil in Sudan , Nigeria and Angola , minerals in South Africa and the DRC .
Agricultural produce from Africa has to compete with the heavily subsidised American and European farm products in the world market , while the WTO , IMF and the WB insist that Africa further deregulates its economies to ensure more de-subsidisation
Multinational Corporations sell energy generating resources to governments , extracted from the African soil , in dollars or at Import Parity Pricing ( IPP ) rates , making them to be expensive and potentially out of reach in order to make massive profits , the instance of coal for electricity , extracted and sold by BHP Billiton to ESKOM in South Africa , is a case in point .
Trade relations and languages are influenced by colonial designs , which in turn have a bearing on the political and economic development of our continent , and that trade unions on the continent are no exception to this influence .
African states have low level of infrastructure and development which in turn impedes the movement of goods , services and people .
Some African countries prefer to trade and receive foreign direct investment from their erstwhile colonial masters or countries from Europe .
Bilateral trade agreements that our governments negotiate with the developed countries , actually take away our rights and sovereignty .
Tariffs , customs and excise duties are still maintained by countries as a source of revenue and some countries rely on remittances and donor aid from European and North American governments , to an extent that some budgets of other countries are ratified and sanctioned by the IMF , instead of their own treasury department or national parliament .
Countries are still facing the problem of poor - quality education , illiteracy and skills shortages that do not match what their economies require , meaning that there will be perpetual unemployment in the economy and the continent lags behind in ICT .
Unemployment is huge , the continent is largely rural and peasant .
Big business ( MNCs ) have a leverage to set the socioeconomic and political agenda whereas the trade unions do not engage or are indifferent on same , particularly due to weak and undemocratic structures or the absence of enabling resources for research .
There is an observed jobless economic growth in some African countries , particularly in Angola and Mozambique .
People from these countries are still migrating to other countries as if there was no pronounced growth in their countries and largely flock to South Africa .
African trade unions tend to mimic those in Europe , in structures and political orientation .
We have to set the pace and agenda on issues and trade unions in Africa should be the anchor of a consistent , progressive movement throughout the continent in all spheres of development and practical solidarity .
We take note of the growing movement for democracy and economic justice on our continent , but remain convinced that more work needs to be done in building a strong continental force against oppression , dictatorships , wars , hunger and underdevelopment .
It is workers and the poor , particularly women and youth , who suffer the disproportionately .
There are three critical areas of our focus as regards Africa ;
Transformation and democratisation of the state ( state )
Alternative paths to neoliberal economic development ( economy )
Creating institutional capacity for sustained participation of the people in public life as a way of life ( society )
On building a solidarity movement as a global social force
We continue to note the importance of actively participating in the World Social Forum as an alternative space for critical reflection and inspiration .
We must harness the Africa region and our sub - continent into an all - round and effective force for global change in the true spirit of a new world is possible .
However , we are worried about the trend that seek to replace popular social forces and mass - based movements with highly bureaucratic , largely , northern - based NGOs which , through the massive resources at their disposal , now wield too much power and have begun to influence the direction of the forum , without any popular mandate of the poor and affected , mostly from the south .
COSATU must further ensure the full participation of the African trade union movement in the activities of the World Social Forum and its regional structures , particularly the African Social Forum and the Southern African Social forum .
The efforts by COSATU to unite and harmonise solidarity activities of different structures should be encouraged , though the principle of building a co-ordinating structure that will bring together all these organisations and activities to maximise cohesion and avoid competition , remains primary .
This shall ensure sharing and pooling together of resources and capacity , sharing of experiences and lessons , as well as support for smaller solidarity initiatives by those with much bigger capacity .
It shall further ensure that COSATU is also not over - stretched in its solidarity work and support activities .
In this regard , the following issues are critical to our work in building a solidarity movement in our country
It It must be rooted amongst , and led by , South Africans , always acting in solidarity with those in need of support .
In this regard , it shall always be guided by the momentum in the actual countries of struggle and respect those in whose name solidarity is waged .
There is a need to develop a united front / common understanding / approaches with social movements when dealing with local , regional and global issues , in the true traditions of our social movement unionism .
There must be one broad solidarity movement , instead of the current fragmentation , which calls for the unification of all solidarity networks , irrespective of country - focus , into one movement .
This will make COSATU ’s role much more focused and effective .
This would also promote solidarity action on the part of people from different countries , instead of each group acting around its own issues by itself .
This , however , does not mean an end to the currently existing individual solidarity organisations , but a co-ordination mechanism .
COSATU should look at the specific needs of each solidarity network , and act to support according to identified needs , without compromising its ability to engage and raise issues that are of mutual concern .
However , it should not be the centre of co-ordination , substituting the initiative referred to above , which must act as the convenor and forum co-coordinating all solidarity work for maximum cohesion .
In many instances , our international solidarity work is not result - oriented , but activity - driven , e.g. , marches , border blockades , pickets , demonstrations .
However , a lot more could be done ( capacity building of fighting forces in various countries , exchange programmes , documentation , food and material support , shelter for refugees , research and policy development , studying laws , conferences , etc. ) , which could increase the numbers of those involved in supporting different struggles and broaden the understanding of the issues involved .
Solidarity requires need clearly defined goals ; short term , medium term and long term , that would assist build common themes and a flowing momentum between those involved in solidarity and those in actual struggle in the particular country .
It is very important that South Africans are mobilised to demonstrate real solidarity with all oppressed and struggling peoples .
In this regard , it is key that we conduct consistent political education among the masses in order for them to understand the importance and need for international solidarity with other peoples .
Though we recognise the centrality of alliance - driven processes , the solidarity movement should be politically non-partisan , but broadly involving of all social forces and people interested in supporting a particular cause , without allowing local politics to interfere with solidarity work .
The international solidarity movement must be nation - wide , fully organised and strong in all provinces , i.e. rooted amongst the people .
International solidarity must be unconditional , with no expectations for personal gain and glory .
It must be an act of love and care for others , with full respect for the people in whose name solidarity is waged .
The international solidarity movement must have a definite character ; progressive , democratic , accountable and involving all people interested in participating .
On multilateral Institutions
The main institutions analysed were the UN , WB , IMF and the WTO .
An effective multilateral framework is necessary for maintaining cohesion and stability in the global system .
This requires institutions and a rule systems founded on equity , equality , democracy , inclusiveness , justice and fairness .
When viewed in the context of these principles , the reality of the existing multilateral system is found wanting .
The design and functioning of the system is arranged in favour of the rich countries and capital at the expense of developing nations and the poor .
In particular , the following practices dominate :
The prevailing rule system is a reflection of power relations that favour the powerful developed countries at the expense of weak poor countries .
In the economic arena , benefits of the global system are accrue to rich countries of the North , with poor countries of the South emerging continuously as losers .
The system is not inclusive ; it is based mainly on membership and participation by nation states , with civil society excluded .
The poor and rich -- weak and strong -- are governed by same rules and provisions .
An analysis of the UN system revealed some positives :
Some level of democracy prevails in the UN , especially at the level of the General Assembly .
Due to the democratic functioning of the assembly , some untoward behaviour of big players like the US is sometimes contained .
This explains the tendency of the US to sometimes act unilaterally to pursue its interests .
Most of the UN agencies -- such as the International Labour Organisation and the World Health Organisation provide for participation of civil society organisations , thereby ensuring inclusiveness .
It is noted however that at the level of the UN Security Council a lot still needs to change .
In particular the composition and consensus - based operation are out of touch with requirements of sound governance .
A call is hereby made for the urgent restructuring of the UN Security Council to be inclusive and democratic .
Reflections on the finance and economic institutions : IMF , WB and the WTO
The economic and finance institutions are the multilateral terrain in which most unfairnesses and brutalities of the global system are found .
Both the rules and programmes bring about inequalities , unsustainable development and imbalances in the global system .
The rules and programmes are famous in developing countries for engendering impoverishment , de-industrialisation , and commodification of key social services and reduced state role in society .
A fundamental review of the institutions is necessary and urgent , based on the following :
Dissolution of the existing institutions -- WB , IMF , WTO -- and their replacement by a new single integrated institution , to the effect of a Global Economic Council .
The new entity should be based on both nation state and regional economic blocs ’ membership .
Where the regional economic blocs -- e.g. NAFTA -- are not enjoying confidence of the people , they should be reconstituted properly in order to gain membership of the new multilateral structure .
The new multilateral structure should have agencies similar to those of the UN system .
It should be inclusive enough to provide for participation of mass civil society formations like trade unions , gender bodies , environmental formations , formations for rural communities , etc .
It should embrace democratic practices , with no provisions for veto rights .
It should have tribunal and other acceptable dispute resolution mechanisms .
It should promote sustainable development and equitable sharing of benefits of the world economy .
As prelude to the shift to the new system the following should apply .
All rules and programmes which affect developing countries negatively should be revoked .
This demand must be a global campaign issue initiated immediately .
Resources and other support must be provided for countries that suffered any negative effects of past and present rules and programmes of the existing institutions .
The UN must constitute an inclusive interim multilateral structure for finance and economic issues until a proper one is instituted .
On the renewal of the international trade union movement
The most organised and relatively cohesive social force within the ranks of the oppressed peoples of the world is the trade union movement , yet its effectiveness in decisively shifting the global balance of power in favour of the poor and working people is nowhere near its massive political and organisational strength .
Amongst other attributes for this sad state of affairs is the lack of ideological clarity , narrow focus and lack of political will by the key leading elements of the international trade union movement to confront the global ruling class effectively ; by marshalling its massive energies , taking advantage of its broad space and effectively utilising its wide networks towards the goal of global economic justice and a new world order .
In many instances , the trade union movement is found guilty of collaboration , either with elements of capital or the state or other fragments of the ruling class in the further subjugation of the working class .
The struggles of workers all over the world are uneven and so is their impact , owing to the uneven levels of development , relative strengths of different workers ' organisations and the class orientation of its leading layers , most of who are not driven by a revolutionary outlook to the problems facing workers and the poor , but by varying degrees of reformism , opportunism , aristocratic leadership styles , materialistic careerism and bureaucratic centralism .
The history of the international trade union movement is informed by the terrain of struggle in which workers find themselves .
At its emergence , the trade union movement arose from the very womb of capitalism as an attempt by workers to contest and secure their own space within the capitalist system .
But through their own experience and accumulated wisdom , acquired in bitter struggles , workers began to learn that the problem is not just the excesses of capitalist exploitation , but the very capitalist system and its foundations .
In this regard , the following considerations are important in our struggle to renew the international trade union movement .
There is an absolute need to make sure that our international linkages are not blind to the situation faced by workers in the South , and that the ``Northern perspective ' ' which often dominates international trade union relations is challenged and ``democratised '' .
W e need to ensure that in the process of making international trade unionism more effective , we lead by example , and provide support and practical solidarity to comrades in South Africa , the region and continent as part of a process of renewing our own structures .
e need to ensure that in the process of making international trade unionism more effective , we lead by example , and provide support and practical solidarity to comrades in South Africa , the region and continent as part of a process of renewing our own structures .
That every effort should be made to ensure that information and evidence of the good work of our internationals is made available to members , and that its relevance is explained and engagement with it encouraged .
That every effort should be made to ensure that information and evidence of the good work of our internationals is made available to members , and that its relevance is explained and engagement with it encouraged .
That we should use the experience and knowledge of our own union comrades who are in the leadership of the international trade union movement to strengthen the strategies we seek to develop to rebuild and strengthen the movement .
That we should use the experience and knowledge of our own union comrades who are in the leadership of the international trade union movement to strengthen the strategies we seek to develop to rebuild and strengthen the movement .
That we should strive to ensure that our international linkages are not restricted to leadership activity , bureaucratic matters or trade union trips , but play a crucial role in strengthening worker - to - worker contact and solidarity .
That we build alliances with progressive social and political movements around achieving key demands , and acknowledge that the crisis of capitalism that we face requires of us a greater commitment to building unity in action amongst the poor , and the oppressed and the organised working class .
That we build alliances with progressive social and political movements around achieving key demands , and acknowledge that the crisis of capitalism that we face requires of us a greater commitment to building unity in action amongst the poor , and the oppressed and the organised working class .
That we pledge full support to measures to build and strengthen trade union organisation across the continent and embrace the creative approaches of the new leadership of the International Trade Union Confederation ( ITUC ) , which is placing considerable emphasis on organising at grassroots levels .
We consider this to be a prerequisite to transforming trade unionism .
That we must encourage transparency , accountability and above all , a commitment to practical action in those internationals we participate in .
That as a progressive trade union federation , we should strive to make open and common cause with like - minded movements elsewhere , and perhaps on a platform of workers ' control ( involving accountability , transparency and union democracy ) , a commitment to fighting against all divisive elements in terms of racism , sexism , xenophobia and homophobia , and trade union independence .
The positive experience of working within Southern Initiative on Globalisation and Trade Union Rights ( SIGTUR ) confirms this approach .
Finally that we should state that we are explicitly for a socialist alternative to neoliberalism , and for measures that empower workers by working towards the building of a vibrant , mass - based movement .
Finally that we should state that we are explicitly for a socialist alternative to neoliberalism , and for measures that empower workers by working towards the building of a vibrant , mass - based movement .
Fraternal support and calls for more solidarity with all who are still struggling against oppression
We continue to pledge full support and solidarity to all struggling and poor people all over the world , in their desire to fight for their freedom , dignity and economic justice for all .
In this regard , we particularly note the following .
On Palestine – We continue to call for the intensification of the boycott , divestment and sanctions ( BDS ) campaign against the apartheid state of Israel , which still occupies Palestinian lands and even expand colonial settlements in wars of conquest as was recently waged on Gaza .
We must call for the isolation of Histadrut , Israel ’s racist trade union , which supports unconditionally the occupation of Palestine and the inhumane treatment of the Arab workers in Israel .
We also note the need to formally launch a cultural boycott campaign against Israel here in South Africa , which should be part of the global movement involved in that area of work .
On Zimbabwe – We note the composition of the government of national unity ( GNU ) and the evolving constitution - making process .
However we remain fully supportive of the call by the Zimbabwe Congress of Trade Unions ( ZCTU ) and the whole civil society of Zimbabwe , for a people - driven constitution - making process that should lead to democratic elections in the country , resulting in a legitimate government being put in place .
In this regard , we remain ready to work with and assist our counterparts in putting more pressure on the ruling regime to accede to people ’s demands .
We also note the continued harassment and persecution of political and civil society activists even under a cloud of a supposedly new and changed environment .
We also support the civil society initiatives led by COSATU , Open Society Initiative for Southern Africa and the Zimbabwe Solidarity Forum for a conference in Botswana to assess the situation under the GNU in Zimbabwe , conditions under terrorism law in Swaziland , the transformation of SADC and the task of building a regional solidarity movement , through the effective harnessing of all the solidarity efforts towards maximum cohesion .
On Swaziland –
We continue to note that there is a need for a more radical and decisive strategy to force the tinkhundla regime to release People 's United Democratice Movement ( PUDEMO ) president Mario Masuku and unban political parties for the speedy move towards a genuinely democratic environment in the country .
We also note the need to build an effective global force acting in full solidarity with the oppressed people of Swaziland , guided and led by the struggling people of Swaziland themselves and their representative organisations , particularly the democratic movement .
This force shall prioritise the building and strengthening of the people ’s fighting forces and seek to complement their work on the ground .
Special attention must be paid to mobilising support for the people ’s organisations in the form of resources and capacity , as well as their call for smart sanctions against the Mswati regime .
On Western Sahara –
We note the systematic and ongoing plunder of the natural resources of Western Sahara by the Kingdom of Morocco and cooperation foreign interests .
These activities are in clear breach of the international legal principles applicable to the utilisation of the natural resources of Western Sahara as a recognised non-self - governing territory under the Charter of the United Nations .
The territory of Western Sahara and its offshore areas are rich in natural resources .
Phosphate reserves , including those in the BuCraa mine , are estimated to contain 1.13 billion cubic metres of phosphate rock .
Areas offshore of Western Sahara ’s 1200 - kilometre coastline contain some of the world ’s richest and most productive fisheries and , according to numerous geological surveys , the Western Saharan continental shelf is thought to have significant reserves of oil and methane gas .
We call for the building of a strong and effective solidarity movement in South Africa that raises the plight of the suffering people of Western Sahara with the full involvement of all progressive forces in our country .
In this regard , we shall build on the already laid basis of the existing initiative working on the issue .
We call for the effective and full involvement of all alliance partners and structures of the mass democratic movement .
On Burma – Rich in natural resources , Burma was once one of the wealthiest countries in Southeast Asia .
Today , after 37 years of military rule and isolationist policies , it is one of the poorest ; and it has one of the worst human rights record in the world .
Burma is situated in Southeast Asia bordering Thailand , India , Laos and China .
Burma was a colony of Great Britain for more than 200 years .
We must intensify our work with the Burmese people and their organisations for the unconditional release of the democratically elected leader of the progressive forces , Aung Suu Kyi and for the isolation of military junta all over the world .
On Cuba – We continue to draw inspiration from the heroic achievements of the Cuban Revolution which is celebrating its 50th anniversary this year and are determined to learn more from their historic advances in areas of health , education , sustainable development , ecological justice and popular participation in public life and decision - making of their country .
In this regard , we call for the immediate and unconditional release of the ``Cuban Five '' comrades in US jails and the ending of the embargo by the US supported by the EU .
We also call for humanitarian support for the victims of the latest hurricanes in Cuba , particularly hurricane Gustuv .
In this regard , we need to intensify our effective participation in the campaign in support of Cuba , including waging and sustaining an ideological engagement in defence of Cuba .
On xenophobia
Background
It is now one year since the worst of the xenophobic attacks took place that resulted in the deaths of at least 62 innocent working - class people .
The legacy of those fateful days has been plain to see .
Despite the fact that refugee camps have come and gone , queues to obtain refugee status have remained staggeringly long , attacks on immigrants have continued unabated and in some cases have involved the police .
The crisis in Zimbabwe has continued despite the elections to force migration in search of survival and has been compounded by the outbreak of cholera , mass poverty , political instability and mass unemployment .
To date there have been no convictions for the murders and other acts of violence during the xenophobic disturbances .
Despite more than 1600 arrests , only a small number of convictions have taken place in relation to theft and damage to property .
No one has been charged with murder or rape despite an abundance of filmed and other forms of evidence having been assembled .
Sporadic attacks are in fact taking place in many different parts of the country , and have resulted in further deaths and serious injury .
This is not helped by the actions of the police who have continued to undertake so - called ``fishing raids '' in communities , particularly where immigrant families have settled , and this has increased insecurity in those communities .
Of late there have been unhelpful statements by certain politicians and public figures about the need for especially Zimbabweans to return to their country now that some form of ``stability '’ has been restored .
This however does not take into account the levels of poverty , unemployment and repression that continue to blight Zimbabwean society .
South Africa 's home affairs department continues to act in an inhumane manner , and although this has been recognised by the new minister there is considerable evidence of corruption and illegal detentions in places like Lindela detention centre , a privatised facility that arranges for deportations .
A way forward
( CNN ) --
At least 51 people have died and at least 21 others are missing after torrential rains and subsequent flooding pummeled the Philippines on Saturday , the government said .
Filipino pedestrians in Quezon City , a suburb of Manila , brave Tropical Storm Ketsana 's floodwaters .
more photos »
Tropical Storm Ketsana spawned the flooding , which caused at least six of the deaths in Manila , the nation 's capital .
Manila and the nearby province of Rizal bore the brunt of the downpour , said Gilberto Teodoro , secretary of national defense and chairman of the National Disaster Coordinating Council .
Two of the dead in the capital city were victims of a wall that collapsed , he said .
Five thousand people were rescued without boats , and another 3,688 were rescued with boats , he said .
Another governmental official reported four injuries .
" My neighborhood rarely gets a bad flooding and I guess this is the worst , " said CNN iReporter Jv Abellar from Quezon City , Philippines .
" Traversing through the flood is like walking through rapids . "
Impact Your World See how you can make a difference
In all , 41,205 people had sought refuge in 92 evacuation centers , Teodoro said .
By 8:30 a.m. Sunday ( 8:30 p.m. Saturday ET ) , the torrential rains ended and slight rainfall was reported .
Some roads in the capital metropolitan area had reopened , but " we do not encourage people to travel these roads , " Teodoro told CNN in a telephone interview .
" They can be a hindrance to efficient relief and rescue operations . "
The federal government began massive relief efforts to aid the local governments , and set up aid centers addressing pressing problems such as sanitation and water purification .
President Gloria Macapagal - Arroyo has ordered pay parking lots at malls in Manila to be opened so motorists can leave their cars there without charge , Teodoro said .
iReport.com : Share images of Philippines flooding
Manila 's Nino Aquino International Airport and nearly all of the country 's other international airports had reopened , he said .
Though the Philippines is no stranger to floods , Saturday 's downpours approached a record , with 341 mm ( 13.4 inches ) falling between 8 a.m. and 2 p.m. , he said .
The average rainfall for the entire month of September is 391 mm ( 15.4 inches ) , he said .
All About Floods • Philippines
Now that we ’re clear of the frantic week we call Unite 2009 let ’s talk about the also incredible Unity Awards !
Once again we had a huge increase in not only the total number of submissions ( 129 ! ) but also in the overall content and quality of those submissions .
It was a tough job to pare down the submissions into a list of top contenders in each category , and then even tougher for our team of judges to whittle those down to a list of their top - 5 favorites in each category .
The end result was that 13 games in particular seemed to stand out the most as those titles occupied the top - 5 positions across all four categories .
Without further adieu let ’s go through each of the categories and see a list of the finalists and winners …
Best Overall
The best overall category is the one in which we recognize the true best - of - breed content for the year and it was a tough task to say the least .
There were many titles that came close to being finalists , but ultimately only a few made that final run at the title .
Winner : Max & the Magic Marker , developed by Press Play
Runner Up : Lego Star Wars : Quest for R2 - D2 , developed by Three Melons
Finalist : Paper Moon , developed by Infinite Ammo
Finalist : Monospace , developed by Nonverbal
Finalist : EnerCities , developed by Paladin Studios
Best iPhone Game
Given the popularity of iPhone / iPod touch games in general , and of course the way in which Unity iPhone has become the dominant middle - ware tool of choice , we felt it truly necessary to recognize the best iPhone games on their own .
Winner : Monospace , developed by Nonverbal
Runner Up : Samurai : Way of the Warrior , developed by Mad Finger Games
Finalist : Snake Galaxy ( now being published as Paris Galaxy ) , developed by DigDog
Finalist : Battle Bears , developed by SkyVu Pictures & Blackish
Finalist : Touch KO , developed by Adam and Matt Mechtley
Best Visual Design
One of the exciting things about a tool like Unity is that it lets you experiment in ways you might not be able to with other tools .
The rapid iterative abilities and easy work flow make experimentation easy , and that leads to some incredibly beautiful and unique visuals .
Winner : Doppelscope , developed by Tobias Baumann
Runner Up : Blush , developed by Flashbang Studios
Finalist : Choma , developed by Knife Media
Finalist : Max & the Magic Marker , developed by Press Play
Finalist : Paper Moon , developed by Infinite Ammo
Best Technical Achievement
To go along with rewarding the best visual effort we wanted to recognize those titles that displayed solid technical achievement as there are so many folks out there pushing the technical boundaries with Unity .
This category was extra tough as we all have our pet areas of interest with our technology , audio , shading / graphics , game play mechanic and more .
Winner : Blush , developed by Flashbang Studios
Runner Up : Max & the Magic Marker , developed by Press Play
Finalist : Time Donkey , developed by Flashbang Studios
Finalist : Touch KO , developed by Adam and Matt Mechtley
Finalist : Super Volei Brasil 2 , developed by Aquiris
Closing Thoughts
As I noted up top there were 129 separate entries at the beta stage and that ’s an awesome turn out !
I know that not all of you were able to get a final build submitted and certainly not all of you made it into the final judging stage ( involved roughly 30 entries ) , and even fewer of you made it into the top - 5 finalist categories .
But through it all the hard work and effort the Unity community puts forth to make killer content is a critical component in driving our technology forward .
Content is king y’all , and without you I do n’t know where our tech would be .
So thanks to everyone that participated in this year ’s Unity Awards and a huge round of applause and hefty kudos to the finalists , and especially the winners .
Rock on !
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
SOUTH OGDEN -- Little league football has a less than rosy reputation at times .
It 's part of the reason why Harrison LaRose 's parents , Ben and Cindy , had mixed feelings about letting the 12 - year - old with Asperger 's syndrome - — a milder variant of Autistic Disorder - - play .
" I kind of felt like I was throwing him into the lion 's den , " Cindy LaRose said .
But they also saw an upside .
Cindy said , " Ben and I both feel real strongly that the world 's not going to accommodate Harrison his whole life , so he needs to be put in situations where he can cope . "
Through the season , the team embraced Harrison as one of its own .
His parents ' hopes that he could feel part of a group came through .
It was amazing .
I think there was n't a dry eye in the stadium .
– Carl Harwood , assistant coach for the S. Ogden Jets
" First they 're my team , then they became my friends , and now they 're like a family .
I love them , " Harrison said .
On Saturday , Oct. 3 , the South Ogden Jets were in Coalville playing the North Summit Braves .
It was obvious the Jets would win , but the team wanted Harrison -- who'd been playing mostly defense -- to score .
After a runner stepped out of bounds at the 1 - yard line , Harrison went in .
The first series was a disaster .
The Jets lost yards and turned the ball over on downs .
" He came off the field and was kind of upset with himself , thinking it was his fault , " Assistant Coach Carl Harwood said .
But soon the Jets were driving for the end zone again , and again the runner stepped out at the 1 - yard line .
On first down , Harrison was hit behind the line again .
Then , realizing the situation , the Braves coach called a time out and approached the Jets huddle .
" He came up and grabbed me and said to try a sweep around the left side , " Harwood said .
With just over a minute in the game the ball was snapped .
Quarterback Bricklan Greely handed Harrison the ball , then put his arm around him and guided him to the left .
" And when my chance came , I got to score a touchdown , " Harrison said .
" I spiked it [ the ball ] down .
Everybody circled me , and I felt like I was on top of the world . "
The play brought applause from both sides .
" It was amazing .
I think there was n't a dry eye in the stadium , " said Harwood .
" I think what occurred on Saturday was the most remarkable display of sportsmanship in little league sports I 've ever witnessed on both sides of the ball , " said Ben LaRose .
I spiked it [ the ball ] down .
Everybody circled me , and I felt like I was on top of the world .
– Harrison LaRose
After the game , Harrison floated off the field .
" Maybe he 'll go to the Super Bowl and go to Disney World one day , " said one teammate .
" Well , I told my dad I 'm going to Disneyland because that 's what all the champions say , " Harrison said .
His mom said he 's hardly put down his football photo since then .
E-mail : mgiauque@ksl.com
×
Photos
A driver has confounded Swiss police by committing 15 traffic violations in just over 10 minutes , officials say .
The 47 - year - old initially raced past an unmarked police car in heavy rain at 160 km/h ( 100 m ph ) before weaving close to other cars and the road 's kerb .
The serial offender clocked up further offences for speeding , driving on the hard shoulder , running a set of red lights and failing to stop for police .
When finally pulled over by St Gallen police , he failed a drugs test .
The unnamed driver , who lives near Zurich , faces a lengthy driving ban and a possible jail sentence when he appears before a Swiss court .
" I can't remember a case this serious , " a police spokeswoman told the BBC of Sunday 's infringement spree .
" It 's remarkable . "
By Duncan Kennedy
BBC News , Rome
Rosy Bindi retorted to the premier : " I am not a woman at your disposal " Nearly 100,000 Italian women have signed a petition expressing anger over an insult by PM Silvio Berlusconi to a female politician on live television .
Mr Berlusconi said the woman , 58 - year - old Rosy Bindi , was " more beautiful than intelligent " .
The prime minister says his comments were a joke , but he has been accused of chauvinism .
Some view the backlash as a new feminism taking root in a traditionally conservative country .
Others say that it is another example of Mr Berlusconi 's ability to offend women , whether he means it or not .
Mr Berlusconi's now infamous comment came as he spoke on a late - night TV discussion programme .
Someone tell Berlusconi he is no George Clooney
Senator Patrizia Bugnano
He had phoned into the show after Ms Bindi , of the opposition Democratic Party , had attacked him following the recent court decision to remove his immunity from prosecution .
Ms Bindi - a bespectacled , matronly figure - sat and listened as Mr Berlusconi made his cutting remarks .
" You are more beautiful than intelligent , " he told her , in a sarcastic swipe at her looks and intellect .
" I am not a woman at your disposal , " Ms Bindi replied , in an apparent reference to his recent scandals involving young women .
' Cretinisation of women ' Mr Berlusconi 's comments have caused uproar .
Some 97,000 women have now signed a petition saying they were offended by his remarks .
One commentator said : " We protest against this cretinisation of women . "
Senator Patrizia Bugnano called him a chauvinist , saying : " Someone tell Berlusconi he is no George Clooney . "
Opinion poll companies say Mr Berlusconi 's comments will probably not do him too much harm , as his female supporters are used to such colourful remarks .
But his cutting comment against Ms Bindi has stirred a rare public outpouring from thousands of Italian women who , until now , have kept largely silent about Mr Berlusconi 's scandal - ridden year .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
D2X -XL is an OpenGL mod for the classic 3D game Descent 2 . D2X - XL is based on D2X 0.2.6 , has all bugs from D2X 0.2.6 fixed and has restored all features from the original D2_3dfx ( official Voodoo graphics version ) .
D2X -XL is free and runs on Windows , Linux and Mac OSX .
Descent is a 3D first - person shooter video game which has a strong following due to its unique 6DOF gameplay .
To understand better , take a look at this D2X - XL video :
Descent never achieved the popularity of more contemporary 3D shooter games due to the demands on the player to keep his or her sense of orientation in a fully 3D environment with a 6DOF flight model .
Additionally , learning to " tri-chord " — increasing movement speed by simultaneously pressing the acceleration controls for several movement directions — took some time to master .
Nonetheless , the challenge the flight model poses continues to attract certain sections of the gaming community to this day .
It is said that some players initially suffered from nausea and confusion since there is no fixed sense of up or down with the zero - gravity effects of space applied to the planet 's mines as well .
D2X - XL key features :
If you 've ever read the book Gulliver 's Travels , and wondered how Gulliver felt when he was washed ashore from his shipwreck and woke up in a land of tiny people called Lilliput , here 's your opportunity to find out .
You probably wo n't get tied up and find yourself in the middle of a war of tiny nations , but you will get to see some astounding miniature buildings .
The attention to detail at these parks is hard to believe .
You 'll find yourself wondering how the designers created such intricate , exact replicas .
Bekonscot Model Village and Railroad - United Kingdom
This miniature park is located just 10 minutes outside of London in Beaconsfield , Buckinghamshire .
It was constructed in 1929 , making it the oldest park of it's kind in the world .
Walking through the two - acre site will undoubtedly give you a glimpse of what English country life was like in the 1930's .
It was built in the back garden of the designer , around his swimming pool ( which he used to represent the sea ) as entertainment for his guests .
Much later it became a tourist attraction .
The six model villages are all make - believe places with shops that have silly names like the Lee Key Plumbers Merchants .
Wander through the colorful gardens , take a train ride around the property , stroll along the elevated walkway , play with the radio - controlled boats and enjoy the picnic area .
Madurodam - The Netherlands
This was a great park that we visited when my children were small .
They thought it was incredible that they were bigger than the buildings and it was fun to watch them race down the paths , stopping occasionally in front of a structure that they recognized from our travels through this small country .
While strolling through the miniature city you 'll see gabled houses , canals , windmills , cows , canal boats and other typical Dutch scenes .
You 'll even find a mini version of Schiphol airport , which took two years and four months to complete .
The detail in this park is so amazing that you 'll enjoy it even if you are traveling without kids .
The park is located in the Hague , just outside of Amsterdam .
A route guide to help you navigate the park is available in 13 different languages .
Cockington Green Gardens - Australia
This park opened about 30 years ago and is still a family owned establishment .
It 's so well done that it 's won several tourism awards .
The gardens are located about 15 minutes outside of Canberra .
The original models include the thatched roof village of Cockington in Great Britain , Baraemar Castle in Scotland and Stonehenge .
Since then , the owners have added an international area where you 'll see the Lahore Gate and Red Fort from India , St. Mark 's Church from Croatia , the Palace of Darius - Perspolis from Iran and a lot more .
Along with the miniatures there is also a cafe , a small steam train ride , a mini train display , lovely gardens that sprawl across a two acre area , and an indoor exhibit area which currently displays an incredible 34 room Georgian style doll house .
Window of the World - China
Located in the city of Shenzhen , this is a park where you can spend a good portion of a day and see 130 of the world 's most incredible sights .
You 'll wonder why you bothered to travel the planet when you could have seen everything in one place .
Set on 148 acres , you 'll find replicas of a 354 - foot tall Eiffel Tower , the Palace of Versailles , the Acropolis , the Pyramids , the Colosseum , the Taj Mahal , Mt. Rushmore , the Grand Canyon and on and on .
The displays in the park are built at ratios of 1:1 , 1 : 5 and 1:15 .
If you like , you can choose different adventure trips to experience while you are visiting including skiing in the indoor alpine area or navigating the Colorado River .
There are also several festivals each year hosted at the park - the Cherry Festival , International Beer Festival , Pop Music Festival , World Dance and Singing Gala and others .
Swiss Miniatur - Switzerland
This open - air miniature park is located in Melide on the shores of Lake Lugano .
It was built about 50 years ago with the goal of representing a smaller version of the country of Switzerland .
All of the models are built on a scale of 1:25 .
Inside the park you 'll discover 120 replicas of houses , castles and cathedrals that represent life in Switzerland including Burgdorf Castle and Chillon Castle .
There is also a wonderful display called Heidi's Village in Maienfeld , which is a must - see for anyone who read and enjoyed the book .
For the train lover , there is an extensive miniature train display that includes 11,500 feet of track and 18 moving trains .
This outdoor park is open from mid-March through mid-November .
Forbidden Gardens - United States
This park , which is located in Katy , Texas , about 25 miles outside of Houston , was built in 1997 by a Hong Kong native living in the United States .
His idea behind the development of the park was the hope of educating people about the history and culture of ancient China .
The sprawling park sits on 40 acres and inside you 'll find replicas of the Forbidden City , the Terra Cotta Warriors , the Summer Palace and more .
If you visit with your kids on Asian Adventure Day ( which needs to be booked in advance ) they will get a guided historical tour , and have a craft activity like making Chinese opera masks or paper lanterns .
Ave Maria Grotto - United States
This unusual park sits on four acres of a Benedictine Abbey in Cullman , Alabama .
It was constructed over a 40 - year period by a monk named Brother Joseph Zoetti .
He built the 125 miniatures of famous churches , shrines and other buildings out of , well , basically junk that people donated for the cause - glass , marble , costume jewelry , broken tiles , whatever , along with some cement and other building materials .
As you walk down a forested trail you 'll pass by replicas of St. Peter 's Basilica , various Spanish missions , scenes of ancient Jerusalem and even a Tower of Babel .
What started as a hobby for him became a life 's work and has been written about in a book entitled Miniature Miracles .
Mini Israel - Israel
This park is symbolically laid out in the shape of the star of David , with each point representing a specific area - Tel Aviv , Haifa , Negev , Jerusalem , Galil and Center .
In it you 'll find 350 structures which have historical , cultural and religious importance to Judaism , Islam and Christianity .
The models were built on a ratio of 1:25 and completed in 2002 by a diverse team of designers , architects and model builders from different areas and various religious affiliations .
It is located in the Avalon Valley near the city of Latrun .
Along with all of the religious structures you 'll also see live bonsai trees , about 30,000 figurines of people , 500 figures of animals , and close to 5,000 mini automobiles , trains motorcycles and airplanes .
Mini Europe - Belgium
After spending a few hours at this park in Brussels , you 'll feel like you 've visited all of Europe .
The models are a representation of 80 cities consisting of 350 buildings .
You 'll see things like the Viking Ring Fort of Denmark , the City Hall of Stockholm , the Doge 's Palace in Venice , the Acropolis of Athens and the Houses of Parliament in London .
This park is very well known for the quality of the models .
Many of them were quite expensive to build ( hundreds of thousands of dollars . )
Some of the models were gifts donated by the country represented .
Many of the models actually work , like an erupting Vesuvius .
Tobu World Square - Japan
Let 's face it , most people are not going to get to that many UNESCO World Heritage Sites .
But , if you make it to this park you 'll at least get to see 42 of them in a miniature 1:25 scale .
Some of the models include the Great Wall of China , Parthenon , Statue of Liberty , Sphinx and the Leaning Tower of Pisa .
The creators of the park paid very close attention to detail during the five years of building .
In fact , you may want to bring binoculars so you can get a really up - close look at the engravings , reliefs and stained glass found on some of the models .
Every display has been well thought out - a great example of this is Tokyo Station surrounded by hordes of miniature people .
Read about author Deanna Hyland and check out her other BootsnAll articles
Photo credits : Bekonscot by bortescristian on Flickr , Madurodam by przemion ? on Flickr , Cockington Gardens by mecookie on Flickr , Window of the World by dcmaster on Flickr , Swiss Miniatur by MnGyver on Flickr , Forbidden Gardens by Mr. Kimberly on Flickr , Ave Maria Grotto by southerntabitha on Flickr , Mini Israel by Templar1307 on Flickr , Mini Europe by Crispy Rice on Flickr , Tobu World Square by scion_cho on Flickr
The UN 's nuclear watchdog has asked Iran to explain evidence suggesting that Iranian scientists have experimented with an advanced nuclear warhead design , the Guardian has learned .
The very existence of the technology , known as a " two - point implosion " device , is officially secret in both the US and Britain , but according to previously unpublished documentation in a dossier compiled by the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) , Iranian scientists may have tested high - explosive components of the design .
The development was today described by nuclear experts as " breathtaking " and has added urgency to the effort to find a diplomatic solution to the Iranian nuclear crisis .
The sophisticated technology , once mastered , allows for the production of smaller and simpler warheads than older models .
It reduces the diameter of a warhead and makes it easier to put a nuclear warhead on a missile .
Documentation referring to experiments testing a two - point detonation design are part of the evidence of nuclear weaponisation gathered by the IAEA and presented to Iran for its response .
The dossier , titled " Possible Military Dimensions of Iran 's Nuclear Program " , is drawn in part from reports submitted to it by western intelligence agencies .
The agency has in the past treated such reports with scepticism , particularly after the Iraq war .
But its director general , Mohamed ElBaradei , has said the evidence of Iranian weaponisation " appears to have been derived from multiple sources over different periods of time , appears to be generally consistent , and is sufficiently comprehensive and detailed that it needs to be addressed by Iran " .
Extracts from the dossier have been published previously , but it was not previously known that it included documentation on such an advanced warhead .
" It is breathtaking that Iran could be working on this sort of material , " said a European government adviser on nuclear issues .
James Acton , a British nuclear weapons expert at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace , said : " It 's remarkable that , before perfecting step one , they are going straight to step four or five ...
To start with more sophisticated designs speaks of level of technical ambition that is surprising . "
Another western specialist with extensive knowledge of the Iranian programme said : " It raises the question of who supplied this to them .
Did AQ Khan [ a Pakistani scientist who confessed in 2004 to running a nuclear smuggling ring ] have access to this , or is it another player ? "
The revelation of the documents comes at a time of growing tension .
Tehran has so far rejected a deal that would remove most of its enriched uranium stockpile for a year and replace it with nuclear fuel rods which would be much harder to turn into weapons .
The Iranian government has also balked at negotiations , which were due to begin last week , over its continued enrichment of uranium , in defiance of UN security council resolutions .
There are fears in Washington and London that if no deal is reached to at least temporarily defuse tensions by the end of December , Israel could set in motion plans to take military action aimed at setting back the Iranian programme by force , with incalculable consequences for the Middle East .
Iran has rejected most of the IAEA material on weaponisation as forgeries , but has admitted carrying out tests on multiple high - explosive detonations synchronised to within a microsecond .
Tehran has told the agency that there is a civilian application for such tests , but has so far not provided any evidence for them .
Western weapons experts say there are no such civilian applications , but the use of co-ordinated detonations in nuclear warheads is well known .
They compress the fissile core , or pit , of the warhead until it reaches critical mass .
A US national intelligence estimate two years ago said that Iran had explored nuclear warhead design for several years but had probably stopped in 2003 .
British , French and German officials have said they believe weaponisation continued after that date and may still be continuing .
In September , a German court found a German - Iranian businessman , Mohsen Vanaki , guilty of brokering the sale of dual - use equipment with possible applications in developing nuclear weapons .
The equipment included specialised high - speed cameras , of the sort used to develop implosion devices , as well as radiation detectors .
According to a report by the Institute for Science and International Security , the German foreign intelligence service , the Bundesnachrichtendienst , testified at the trial that there was evidence that Iran 's weapons development was continuing .
The IAEA is seeking to find out what the scientists and the institutions involved in the experiments are doing now , but has so far not been given a response .
The agency 's repeated requests to interview Mohsen Fakhrizadeh , whose name features heavily in the IAEA 's documentation and who is widely seen as the father of the Iranian nuclear programme , have been turned down .
The agency has also asked Iran to explain evidence that a Russian weapons expert helped Iranian technicians to master synchronised high - explosive detonations .
The first implosion devices , like the " Fat Man " bomb dropped on Nagasaki on 9 August 1945 , used 32 high - explosive hexagons and pentagons arrayed around a plutonium core like the panels of a football .
The IAEA has a five - page document describing experimentation on such a hemispherical array of explosives .
According to a diplomat familiar with the IAEA documentation , the evidence also points to experiments with a two - point detonation system that represents " a more elegant solution " to the challenges of making a nuclear warhead , but it is much harder to achieve .
It is used in conjunction with a non-spherical pit , in the shape of a rugby ball , or explosives in that shape wrapped around a spherical pit , and it works by compressing the pit from both ends .
The IAEA has expressed " serious concern " about Iran 's failure to give an account of the research its scientists have carried out .
Descriptions of " two - point implosion " warheads designs have occasionally appeared in the public domain ( there are extensive descriptions on Wikipedia ) and they were first developed by US scientists in the 1950s , but it remains an offence for American officials or even non-governmental nuclear experts with security clearance to discuss them .
Twitter is a great tool for raising awareness about all kinds of human rights violations .
To help keep track of the cause we champion here at BahaiRights.org , we ’ve created this app that tracks tweets about Baha ’i human rights abuses in real time and displays them on a map or as a list .
We hope that you would find it useful .
“ A lot of people think we can solve the problem with more financial aid , but I think we have to have some cost containment .
For all the talk about reinventing higher education , I do n’t see any results . ”
With room and board , the average total cost of attendance at a public four - year college is now $ 15,213 , the report found .
At private nonprofit colleges , which enroll about one in five college students nationally , the average total cost of attendance is now $ 35,636 .
Over the last 30 years , college costs have risen steadily , especially at four - year public universities , once considered the affordable route to higher education .
At such universities , the last decade ’s increases , adjusted for inflation , have been the steepest .
At private universities and public two - year institutions , the rate of increase has slowed over the last decade .
The 4.4 percent rise in tuition at private colleges last year , for example , was smaller than in past years , when it has been about 6 percent .
In releasing the figures , the College Board , a membership organization made up of schools , colleges , universities and education organizations , put a bright face on the issue .
Sandy Baum , the senior policy analyst who wrote the report , “ Trends in College Pricing 2009 , ” said the findings were not as bad as they might have been , since in times of recession , tuition increases are often “ really , really steep . ”
Talk about your high - voltage games .
On a night when the power failed twice at the Home Depot Center , Gregg Berhalter came up with just enough energy to score the winning goal in overtime Friday night to put the Galaxy into Major League Soccer ’s championship final .
The final score read : Galaxy 2 , Houston Dynamo 0 , but it was Berhalter ’s name that went up in lights .
The long - awaited goal came in the 103rd minute when David Beckham sent a free kick into the penalty area , Galaxy teammate Omar Gonzalez got a head to it and the ball bounced off defender Eddie Robinson .
Advertisement
It fell to Berhalter , and the 36 - year - old former U.S. national team defender drove it into the back of the net while falling to the ground .
It was his first goal for the Galaxy in 28 games since joining the team this season .
The second goal came on a penalty kick by Landon Donovan in the 109th minute after Houston defender Bobby Boswell had unceremoniously tripped Alan Gordon .
The goal was Donovan ’s 17th in postseason play , giving him the league record for playoff goals , one more than former Galaxy player Carlos Ruiz .
Up until the overtime drama , the teams had battled each other to a standstill , neither one giving an inch .
Advertisement
Houston might have secured a victory late in regulation , but for a superb save by Galaxy goalkeeper Donovan Ricketts in the 79th minute .
The Jamaican international reacted with astonishing speed to a close - range header from Dynamo and U.S. national team forward Brian Ching , tipping the ball up onto and eventually over the crossbar .
One minute later , Houston had the ball in the back of the net , courtesy of Andrew Hainault , but the goal was disallowed by referee Terry Vaughn , who spotted a foul by Houston ’s Luis Angel Landin on the Galaxy ’s A.J. DeLaGarza .
After that , came the overtime that provided the exclamation point to a strange night .
Advertisement
Normally , the fact that the league ’s Western Conference final was scheduled for Friday the 13th would not have been worth mentioning .
But when the lights at the stadium fail not once but twice , delaying the game in each half , it seemed that forces were at work .
Dark forces .
The match was stopped for 18 minutes in the first half and for another 18 minutes in the second half .
Advertisement
That ruined the flow , naturally , but did not overly upset the crowd of 25,373 , which amused itself by doing the wave during the second break .
The players , meanwhile , had little option but to stay loose by either running around on the darkened field or having the trainers work on their legs to keep them limber .
A statement released by the Home Depot Center said the outages were because of “ two significant power dips in the Southern California Edison industrial grid in which the facility sits ” and caused the stadium lights to reset .
It was a strange and unfortunate night for the problems to occur , what with an entire season on the line .
Advertisement
The Galaxy ’s win puts it in the Nov. 22 MLS Cup final in Seattle , where it will play the winner of today ’s Eastern Conference final in Chicago between the Chicago Fire and Real Salt Lake .
The Galaxy , which won the MLS title in 2002 and 2005 , had not reached the championship match since 2005 .
Houston , meanwhile , won the league in 2006 and 2007 .
The twin blackouts were not the only thing to go wrong .
Advertisement
The Galaxy suffered a slight setback even before the game kicked off when starting left back Todd Dunivant had to be omitted from the lineup because of an undetermined illness .
Dunivant had started feeling ill Thursday and Coach Bruce Arena opted to start DeLaGarza in his place .
The rookie from Maryland last started a game on Oct. 2 .
At the final whistle , the Galaxy players raised their fists in the air in triumph or sank to their knees in exhaustion .
Advertisement
The team that finished tied for last place in MLS last season has achieved a remarkable turnaround .
Only one hurdle remains between it and a third league championship , but after Friday night , anything is possible .
--
grahame.jones@latimes.com
Advertisement
--
MLS playoffs
WESTERN CONFERENCE
FINAL
Advertisement
* Galaxy 2 , Houston 0 ( OT )
EASTERN CONFERENCE
FINAL
* Today : Real Salt Lake at Chicago , 5 p.m. PST
Advertisement
MLS CUP
* Nov. 22 : at Seattle , 5:30 p.m .
September 12 , 2009 — Alderson Warm - Fork
Robert Nozick wrote , a while back , an article with this title .
It ’s an odd piece , and its essential answer to the titular question is , I think , something like this :
“ Intellectuals – those whose job is to move words around a lot , whether academics , media - types , novelists , etc. – are usually people who did relatively well in school and relatively less well in wider society .
This makes them resent market - society for frustrating the expectations they had built up ; they want to make all of society like a school , where professor Lenin gives out gold stars not to the industrialists and bankers but to the best intellectuals . ”
The primary problem with this piece is , of course , that it poses a question and then studiously ignores the most obvious possible answer .
The most obvious answer to ‘ why do intellectuals oppose capitalism ? ’ is ‘ because capitalism is intellectually bankrupt ’ .
That ’s not necessarily to attribute to intellectuals a superior ability to ‘ see the truth ’ of matters .
It might alternatively be a matter of how that ‘ truth ’ is expressed .
Loads of people , after all , are pissed off with how society works , frustrated , angry , insubordinate .
But that could be expressed in a range of ways : one way would be to direct hostility away from the essential parameters of the system and towards more specific scapegoats , whether that ’s some minority blamed for ‘ stealing our jobs ’ or a hidden conspiracy of US government agents that orchestrated the world trade centre attacks .
Or it could involve joining a ‘ rebellious ’ subculture and swearing a lot .
Or just not working very hard .
Or trying to find personal safety by cutting out food additives .
Or – formulating a political rejection of capitalism itself .
It hardly seems odd that intellectuals would pick that last one more often .
Note , the intellectual response need not always be very ‘ correct ’ : arguably many or most intellectual rejections of capitalism have done so on the basis of some more - or - less silly alternative , which combined good and bad elements .
Supporting the USSR in the 50s is hardly a less foolish expression of discontent than is the 9/11 - truth movement .
But it might explain the datum Nozick focuses on – that it ’s often among ‘ intellectuals ’ that one finds the most explicit support from the abolition of private property .
But that ’s only the first problem with Nozick ’s writing .
It also expresses the one - sided ‘ free - market ’ understanding of capitalism .
He writes :
“ The ( future ) wordsmith intellectuals are successful within the formal , official social system of the schools , wherein the relevant rewards are distributed by the central authority of the teacher .
The schools contain another informal social system within classrooms , hallways , and schoolyards , wherein rewards are distributed not by central direction but spontaneously at the pleasure and whim of schoolmates .
Here the intellectuals do less well .
It is not surprising , therefore , that distribution of goods and rewards via a centrally organized distributional mechanism later strikes intellectuals as more appropriate than the “ anarchy and chaos ” of the marketplace .
For distribution in a centrally planned socialist society stands to distribution in a capitalist society as distribution by the teacher stands to distribution by the schoolyard and hallway ” ( note for clarity : the earlier italicised passage was my paraphrase , while this one is a quote )
This is an interesting idea .
The classroom – a hierarchical situation , where one person , with hugely greater power , directs the boring and often resented activities of the mass of others , who come in every day at specified times , have their day organised into discrete blocks , and must follow the arbitrary rules of the petty tyrants around them – this , we are told , is what socialism would be like , and is the polar opposite of our capitalism .
Is n’t it fortunate that no - where in capitalist society do huge groups of people resentfully trudge into a single place , where , according to a schedule handed down to them alongside a collection of rules made by someone else , they grind away their lives on activities that do n’t interest them , under the supervision of a piddling authority figure ?
Indeed , we should forget about the intellectuals – we have a much bigger problem !
The structure of schooling is raising all of our children in precisely the wrong way – training them to be obedient work - drones , and not self - propelling entrepreneurs !
The idea that anti-capitalism ( or at least , socialism ) is actually about seeking greater opportunity for creativity , less hierarchy , less compulsion and discipline , does not fit into this analysis at all .
Similarly , Nozick implicitly presents his explanation of intellectual anti-capitalism as one that separates it from rational validity .
Which would work – if the post - school environment were one where , rather than the smartest , it was the most cunning , most productive , or most determined who succeeded .
But is this really the case ?
Another quote :
“ Though not part of the official curricula , in the schools the intellectuals learned the lessons of their own greater value in comparison with the others , and of how this greater value entitled them to greater rewards .
The wider market society , however , taught a different lesson .
There the greatest rewards did not go to the verbally brightest .
There the intellectual skills were not most highly valued .
Schooled in the lesson that they were most valuable , the most deserving of reward , the most entitled to reward , how could the intellectuals , by and large , fail to resent the capitalist society which deprived them of the just deserts to which their superiority “ entitled ” them ?
Is it surprising that what the schooled intellectuals felt for capitalist society was a deep and sullen animus that , although clothed with various publicly appropriate reasons , continued even when those particular reasons were shown to be inadequate ? ”
Nozick studiously avoids mentioning who the greatest rewards do go to in ‘ market - society ’ ?
But what if – let ’s just suppose – they often went to people born into fortunate circumstances ?
Or to people who demonstrated a ruthlessness or skill for manipulation that let them grow rich , even while actually harming the rest of society ?
Or to people who could get easily accepted by the foregoing groups , due their ability to parrot the right buzzwords and present the right image ?
What if the virtues that Nozick implicitly counterposes to intellectual ones – such as working really hard to provide others with much - needed services , for instance – were very often unrecognised , and rewarded only with low wages and unpaid overtime ?
Because then the same phenomenon that Nozick holds up – that , supposedly , intellectuals are pissed off when they leave school and find themselves not at the top of the pecking order – acquires a very different appearance .
Now , even if the key motivation is still a certain egotism , a certain superiority complex , that egotism serves merely to ‘ unmask ’ the fact that the distribution of rewards under capitalism is largely irrational and unfair , by any standard .
That is , perhaps out of three groups , those who do well in capitalism , those who do badly in both capitalism and school , and those ( Nozick ’s “ intellectuals ” ) who do well in school and badly in capitalism , the third is best - placed to notice the irrationality of capitalism , because the first has a self - seeking motive to accept self - justifying ideology ( the poor are lazy , the rich are ‘ wealth - creators ’ , etc. ) , and the second lacks the confidence to condemn their own exploitation , because their experience in school taught them from an early age that they deserve no better .
So in summary : Nozick poses a question to which a certain answer naturally suggests itself ( intellectuals oppose capitalism because capitalism is intellectually bankrupt ) ; he assumes the wrongness of this answer , and then offers an alternative – which , whether explicit or not , has the function of de-legitimising intellectual anti-capitalism , by painting it as a matter of petty jealousy .
But his answer involves assuming some grossly unrealistic things about the workings of actual capitalist society – that is , it treats every part of that society other than the ideological picture of hard - working entrepreneurs and efficient free markets ( parts such as the authoritarian schooling structure and the also authoritarian state , or the formation of monopolies ) as something alien , rather than as an integral part , the flipside of that entrepreneurial market .
As a result , two things emerge .
Firstly , his explanation is quite weak , and deals with only one segment of the data ( authoritarian anti-capitalists , who undoubtedly exist ) .
This means that it does n’t compare favourably with the more obvious explanation ( capitalism sucks ) except for those who have already rejected that .
Secondly , it means that even to the extent that his account is true , this does n’t undermine the validity of intellectual anti-capitalism , because it just means that the petty jealousy of intellectuals allows them to recognise facts that the petty smugness or petty timidity of others might not .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
This news is particularly relevant heading into Copenhagen … for those who think conservation of any kind is impossible or unattainable or out of keeping with American goals .
The US Geological Survey released a study today showing that Americans used less water in 2005 than 35 years ago — despite a 30 percent population increase .
Most of the decline is attributable to alternative cooling methods at power plants and to more efficient irrigation systems .
( The AAAS reminds us that some commercial farmers in the US have doubled the crops they grow with a given amount of irrigation water by using sub- surface drip irrigation . )
In 2005 , 297 million Americans used 410 billion gallons of water per day .
That ’s 5 percent less than in 1980 , the year of peak water use , when there were 227 million Americans .
Or ~ 1,400 gallons of water per day per American in 2005 , compared with ~ 2,000 gallons per person per day in 1980 .
Not bad .
And a reminder that trends can be managed , not just suffered .
The quick stats on water use in the US today :
Nearly half of water cools thermoelectric power plants ( more reason to conserve energy ) .
Irrigation appropriates 31 percent ( more reason to eat consciously ) .
The public uses 11 percent .
The remaining 9 percent supplies industry , livestock , aquaculture , mining , and rural household use .
We need to remember however that a changing climate requires changes in water planning .
In a blog posted last year , I cited a study in Science predicting water supplies will decrease substantially in parts of North America as the globe warms ( as well as in parts of Europe , the Middle East , Africa ) .
Wonder about your own water footprint ?
Read Josh Harkinson ’s fine MoJo piece .
Drip , drip , drip .
It ’s all finite .
Let ’s act accordingly .
CORRECTION : Now made in the water use per American per day .
Thanks to readers .
Desperate to see more of the Zune HD UI before the player drops in the fall ?
Then check out this video , taken all spy shot - like at the recent gdgt launch party during an interactive demo .
As we all know by now , the browser got some good press on Friday , when CNET gushed over how well it did what browsers do .
Our own Zune HD hands on a while back was impressive too .
Advertisement
Microsoft's Very Big Deal for the holiday season , indeed .
[ YouTube - Thanks ,
Alf ]
First of all , I love indie .
I love it like a 15 - year - old boy loves Megan Fox , sans anything involving posters on ceilings .
So before you get up in my face with loud , defensive , aggravated comments about how great it is — I know , I know .
Mellow .
But again like our halter - wearing temptress , there are a lot of seemingly reasonable people who HATE indie .
And when you start to talk to these people about their hatred ( once they get past the asinine jabs about hipster jeans , beards and technical guitar skills , like those even matter ) , you start to realize they may actually be on to something .
Because even though indie is awesome , it ’s only really awesome if it ’s done right .
And sometimes , you just have to take a loved one by the collar and tell them when they ’re not doing something right .
Right ?
Here are some of the things indie musicians do that piss off people who otherwise have good taste in music .
( Subtext : if you hate indie because the only style of music you like is speed metal or radio country , then this list , and my entire blog , will probably mean nothing to you . )
1 . Whine a lot more than necessary .
Most people understand that songwriting is about expressing emotions , so like - minded listeners can identify when their parents get divorced and they ’re shuttled back and forth like a fake ID at a sorority house .
But those alleged “ genuine ” emotions should n’t cause stool to run soft in the bowel , and those “ genuine ” lyrics should n’t have to become ironic Facebook status updates .
Despite the majority of indie songwriters who express their inner ingénue at an appropriate level , a lot of them tend to dwell on the idea of adult male vulnerability , riding it like the bow of the Titanic until people in the crowd are considering dialing a hotline .
The result : indie rock that is backed only by overdramatic 14 - year - old girls and moms who are just glad their kid is n’t listening to Insane Clown Posse .
And the woe in my heart bleeds like yesterday ’s undercooked pot roast .
2 . Sing like the deaf .
Okay , part of being vulnerable and “ real ” is not having an overtly superior singing style .
No one expects to be empathizing with Bono , or relating on a personal level to Axl Rose .
( Yikes . )
Still , there are a couple of fundamentals that are just part of singing — like pitch control , and not making the audience laugh out loud .
So when the biggest Clap Your Hands Say Yeah single sounds like Joe Assface got up on karaoke night and ran a schoolbus over the solfege scale , it ’s tough to hold the contempt in check .
It ’s even worse when it ’s a cover of a song people are already familiar with , like Clem Snide ’s abhorrent version of Christina Aguilera ’s “ Beautiful , ” or Ben Gibbard ’s cringe - inducing take on Bjork ’s “ All is Full of Love . ”
I do n’t care how cute his own songs are , taking on Bjork ’s most well - heard single with his northern - accented po-boy whimper is like climbing Mount St. Helens in a T - shirt and Converse low - tops .
When the tone that comes across is “ this did n’t sound like it did in my head , but oh well , ” something is probably lost .
3. Shamelessly imitate other musicians .
How many more indie lead singers are going to try to sound like Ian Curtis before someone devotes a top - 10 list to it ?
Even though the Interpol / Editors / White Lies / Horrors / She Wants Revenge singing style is still cool almost 30 years after the end of Joy Division , indie bands with that sound are about as rare as lice at a Phish concert .
At least there ’s the rejuvenating presence of the Libertines / Arctic Monkeys / Bloc Party / Larrikin Love / Paddingtons / We Are Scientists “ reckless ” sound to remind us that anyone can roll out of bed in the morning and record an album between snorting lines and scraping the paint off vintage Telecasters .
( And they ’re all better than the Panic at the Disco / Fall Out Boy / Paramore / The Academy Is…/ MCR pseudo - indie outfits with pop-punk mafia ties . )
4 . Fail to grasp playing instruments .
Once again , the everyman ’s musician does n’t need to play guitar like Eddie Van Halen .
( Or Blake Mills , formerly of Simon Dawes . )
It can even be a point of pride to be “ self - taught ” … but it should n’t come into question whether the guitarist is using his hands or his feet .
Case in point : Babyshambles frontman Pete Doherty and his zombie - esque guitarist Mick Whitnall are a page out of the “ Make Sure You ’ll Be Able to Remember the Recording Session ” manual .
As talented as Doherty is , his band has released possibly the two worst - sounding albums in music , and yes , that crashing sound at the end of Down in Albion is him falling on his wasted ass .
But even musicians who are too bombed to employ the musical skills they have are still superior to the ones who are not wasted , and just try to play like they are .
Even worse , there ’s the whole sub-layer of completely un-musical local musicians who try to get away with “ unconventional ” techniques , like playing the guitar like a stand - up bass , relying on “ tones ” or feedback to create music , or literally just holding the guitar throughout a show only to play two strings during the loud part .
Just learn a song , butterfingers .
5. Create noise experiments .
Lou Reed tried it with Metal Machine Music , an album consisting largely of feedback – and even that was regarded as a joke .
Imagine , then , the impact your crappy , untrained garage band will have on the musical landscape when you unleash your new brand of electric - drill - inspired , ultra - distorted noise music for all to appreciate .
Will it be “ refreshing ” when the opening notes of your first performance sound like a large train trying to shove through a small tunnel ?
Will the squeaky chair hooked up to a loose guitar pickup ( .1 ) break anyone out of their sad , close - minded funk ?
Will they “ get it ” when you finally chop the head off your guitar with a bolt cutter at the end of your set ?
Probably not , you ridiculous excuse for a musician – please fuck off , and refer to number 4 above .
6. Selectively hate major labels .
Indie musicians take pride in being independent , and in getting their music noticed without the aid of the big , soul - sucking music industry monster .
They enjoy picking apart bands they ’ve heard of who have “ sold out , ” changed their sound a little , and started touring with Velvet Revolver and Jane ’s Addiction .
“ Damn , the Frog Bots get one deal and they change completely , and now they ’re only playing for meatheads and teeny boppers at $ 75 a ticket .
Way to betray the scene , man . ”
Unless , of course , it ’s a friend of theirs .
In that case , “ did you hear about the Narwhal Endeavor ?
They just got the deal of a lifetime , and now they ’re touring with Pearl Jam .
That ’s awesome . ”
And finally , what happens when a suit comes to knock on their own door ?
Everyone and their roommate shits a brick , that ’s what happens .
So much for integrity , I guess .
7 . Have obscure - band - offs .
Sports guys like to rattle off stats , car guys like to compare engines , and techies like to talk about the latest gear they bought .
But somehow , none of it is as infuriating as the veiled contempt in an indie rocker ’s voice when he ( or she ) name - drops an ultra - secret underground band he ( or she ) is hoping you ’ll be stumped by .
“ Yeah , we ( .2 ) were handing out CDs at the Glimmering Sock Muppets show last night .
Killer band . ”
This is followed by an expectant stare .
The only way to respond gracefully is to name - drop the primary influence of the Glimmering Sock Muppets , or at least point out how awesome it is that they poached the lead singer from the Kitten Tossers last week .
Though the former is preferable .
Of course , if you do n’t recognize them , your only hope of staying cool is to actually be in a more noteworthy band — in which case your non-recognition might even cause the questioner to question his own sense of band judgment .
Then again , you could always do some research in the used section at Amoeba , you poseur .
8 . Go for the “ indie look . ”
Wearing frayed vintage stuff is n’t necessarily the biggest fault of indie musicians — but then there are the ones who try to out - indie everyone by sporting every indie fashion trend at once .
They usually end up looking like one of Lou Pearlman ’s sadistic boy - band experiments : greasy , deliberately tangled hair ; the light stubble that says “ I ’m not overly focused on my outward appearance ; ” the prerequisite all - weather scarf ; the mod hat no one wears outside of an Urban Outfitters catalog ; suspenders ; the collage of concert wristbands ; the v-neck that almost exposes nipple , for that subtle feminine mystery ; the obligatory women ’s fur - lined jacket , just to make it clear they do n’t care what you think of them .
And of course , no indie look would be complete without the nearly constant semblance of posing for something — something such as the inevitable barrage of Myspace photography that comes after the first round of dirty martinis .
The only justice here is the notion that , according to historic fashion norms , these guys will be trying to pull off “ bohemian vogue ” until well after senility has set in .
Eff that , ya whipper snapper .
9 . Idolize their genre above all others .
I ’ve met metal guys who are into reggae , and hip - hop guys who are into funk and disco .
There ’s even an entire segment of punks who get into country .
But for indie musicians , the only thing better than indie rock is indie rock and beer .
Just take an indie rocker on a long road trip and they ’ll have something to say about everything that comes out of your stereo until you start playing Muse , the Smiths , or something that sounds like Muse or the Smiths .
I ’ll admit that I ’m living proof of this , if not to the degree that ’s possible when you put someone with musical opinions into one of the most clique -y genres ever created .
At least it ’s easy to start up a conversation with them at a party : just mention the undeniable production benefits of auto - tune .
You ’ll start a landslide .
10 . Worship Radiohead .
Actually , I ca n’t blame indie guys for this , because Radiohead is awesome .
But hey , some people hate them .
Makes sense to me .
P.S. Think of anything else that pisses off the anti-indie crowd ?
Comment section that mofo .
___
1. i.e. Chico Legends , circa 2002
2 . In indie terms , “ we ” always means “ me and my band , ” unless the speaker is physically standing next to his girlfriend , and indicating her clearly .
And it ’s still possible she ’s in his band .
Oh yeah , and you 'll want to download my book .
After the tea- partying , town - meeting - disrupting , pistol - packing mensis horribilis of August , more than a few commentators complained , as one of them put it , that “ Obama should have seen it coming . ”
No one doubted that the current attempt to overhaul America ’s uniquely wasteful and unjust system of health insurance and non-insurance would touch off the kind of demagogic , misleading attacks that have greeted every past attempt at ambitious reform , successful ( Medicare ) and unsuccessful ( all the rest ) alike .
The plan is socialism ; government bureaucrats will choose your doctor and prescribe your treatments ; the economy will be ruined ; taxes will crush you — all that and more was to be expected .
But the predominant tone of opposition to the emerging Democratic health - care proposals , and to the President personally , came as a surprise to the White House and a profound shock to many who voted for Barack Obama last November .
Illustration by Tom Bachtell
Perhaps it was naïve , and obviously it was optimistic , to hope that once Obama — having been elected by a large and undisputed majority , unlike his two predecessors — took office the nastiness of the assault against him would subside .
And so it did , briefly .
But as the reality sank in that this temperamentally conservative President intends to make good on his substantively progressive promises , the fury returned , uglier than before and no longer subject to the minimal restraints inherent in a national electoral campaign aimed at persuading a plurality of voters .
Lies and fantasies about health - care reform swirled together with lies and fantasies about the chief executive himself .
Obama is plotting to set up “ death panels , ” government tribunals authorized to euthanize the old and sick .
Obama was born in Kenya and therefore his very Presidency is unconstitutional .
Obama will cut Medicare benefits to provide coverage to illegal aliens .
Obama seeks to indoctrinate children in Marxist ideology and put teenagers in “ reëducation camps . ”
Obama is a Communist .
Obama is a Fascist .
This sort of lunatic paranoia — touched with populism , nativism , racism , and anti-intellectualism — has long been a feature of the fringe , especially during times of economic bewilderment .
What is different now is the evolution of a new political organism , with paranoia as its animating principle .
The town - meeting shouters may be the organism ’s hands and feet , but its heart — also , Heaven help us , its brain — is a “ conservative ” media alliance built around talk radio and cable television , especially Fox News .
The protesters do not look to politicians for leadership .
They look to niche media figures like Rush Limbaugh , Sean Hannity , Glenn Beck , Michael Savage , and their scores of clones behind local and national microphones .
Because these figures have no responsibilities , they cannot disappoint .
Their sneers may be false and hateful — they all routinely liken the President and the “ Democrat Party ” to murderous totalitarians — but they are employed by large , nominally respectable corporations and supported by national advertisers , lending them a considerable measure of institutional prestige .
The dominant wing of the Republican Party is increasingly an appendage of the organism — the tail , you might say , though it seems to wag more often from fear than from happiness .
Many Republican officeholders , even some reputed moderates like Senator Chuck Grassley , of Iowa , have obediently echoed the foul nonsense .
Over the summer , the organism probably succeeded , on balance , in accelerating the decline in Obama ’s poll ratings , a decline that was inevitable once the inaugural glow faded , the economic crisis failed to vanish , and the messy , confusing legislative battles began .
With the help of what appeared to be White House passivity , it certainly succeeded in demoralizing the center - left , stoking the fears of the ill - informed and persuading the press that health - care reform was in serious , maybe terminal , trouble .
“ I wanted to be a hunter and gatherer , but I could n’t handle the course load . ”
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
Part of Obama ’s task last Wednesday evening , when he delivered an address to a joint session of Congress , was to dispel the talk radio– Fox News miasma — to give heart to his nervous supporters in the House chamber and beyond , reassure them that he knows what he ’s doing , and bolster their confidence by showing them his .
In that , he succeeded .
The address was his best as President .
Some centrist positioning early in the speech — especially an implication that “ those on the left ” who favor a single - payer system and “ those on the right ” who favor leaving everybody to buy health insurance individually are equally “ radical ” — gave some a sinking feeling .
( Medicare is a single - payer system .
It is not radical . )
But the President ’s bipartisan pleasantries only made his firmness more impressive .
His civility was matched by fight and fire .
He called the death - panels claim — “ made not just by radio and cable talk - show hosts but by prominent politicians , ” some of whom were sitting in front of him — exactly what it is : “ a lie , plain and simple . ”
And this :
If you come to me with a serious set of proposals , I will be there to listen .
My door is always open .
But know this : I will not waste time with those who have made the calculation that it ’s better politics to kill this plan than to improve it .
Obama is sometimes faulted for conducting government by speech .
But this speech was part of a patient strategy that , despite August ’s rough weather , is looking increasingly sound .
In 1993 , President Clinton delivered a similarly well - received health - care address on Capitol Hill .
But he then dumped a detailed , already - worked - out bill in Congress ’s lap .
The implication : Take it or leave it .
Obama has left the bill - writing to the legislators ( with intense White House kibitzing , of course ) and has waited until the stretch to take the reins .
When Harry and Louise torpedoed the Clinton plan ’s popularity , Democrats panicked and abandoned the foundering plan .
Obama ’s approach made it difficult for him to stump for “ his ” plan , because its shape was necessarily unknown ; now his numbers are slipping , too .
But slipping poll numbers are less apt to panic members of Congress who have invested themselves in the shaping of the legislation and have had time to reflect on what followed failure last time : the Democrats lost control of the House for the first time in forty years .
Obama ’s treatment of the “ public option ” — a kind of mini-Medicare that would compete with private insurance in a limited way — encapsulated his strategy .
He defended it passionately , convincing many liberal doubters that he truly believes in it and knows that it would yield better care at lower cost .
He also made it clear that he prefers reform without the public option — but with near - universal coverage and an end to “ preëxisting conditions , ” arbitrary cancellation of insurance , and the fear that losing or changing your job will cost you your savings and perhaps your life — to no reform at all .
If it were up to the House alone , of course , the public option would be a lock .
But in the filibuster - hobbled Senate the fate of reform may come down to the whims of a tiny handful of preening moderates from states that are mostly empty of people , notably the Democratic chairman of the Finance Committee , Max Baucus , of Montana , and Olympia Snowe , Republican of Maine .
Bipartisanship is a fine sentiment and an appealing tactic , but where health care is concerned it was never a great idea .
The boorish South Carolina Republican who shouted “ You lie ! ” at the President after he said , truthfully , that reform “ would not apply to those who are here illegally ” did the public weal a favor by underlining bipartisanship ’s futility .
A bill that reflects a necessary compromise among Democrats is bound to be stronger than one that reflects an unnecessary compromise between Democrats and Republicans .
And that ’s no lie . ♦
News Corporation or News Corp may refer to :
See also [ edit ]
Australia , one of the top five best countries to study in the world , offers sought - after quality education on top of exciting cultural diversity .
Proof of delivery on this promise is the fact that five Australian universities have made it to the top 100 of the 400 - plus higher education institutions worldwide ranked by Times Higher Education [... ]
Share and Enjoy :
Swine flu manufacturers have now been granted legal immunity in case something goes wrong that causes side effects associated with the vaccine .
Kathleen Sebelius , Secretary of Health and Human Services signed a document making federal officials and vaccine makers immune from lawsuits related to any ill effects from the swine flu vaccine .
Fears about the effects of a novel swine flu vaccine have sparked much discussion .
A swine flu outbreak among soldiers at Fort Dix , N.J in 1974 resulted in vaccinations that caused side effects including Guillain - Barre Syndrome , a condition that causes paralysis .
The result was thousands of lawsuits .
Stephen Sugarman , a law professor who specializes in product liability at the University of California at Berkeley says , " The government paid out quite a bit of money ” , following past swine flu vaccination side effects .
Advertisement
Follow eMaxHealth on YouTube , Twitter and Facebook Please , click to subscribe to our Youtube Channel to be notified about upcoming health and food tips .
Most cases of swine flu have been mild .
The WHO has stopped tracking cases .
No one knows how many infections have really occurred , because not everyone seeks treatment .
Five pharmaceutical companies are manufacturing swine flu vaccine .
The drugs are not as profitable as some , like cancer drugs , but immunity from legal action provides incentive to vaccine makers .
Paul Pennock , a New York plaintiffs attorney on medical liability cases spoke out about the immunity granted to swine flu vaccine makers , saying " If you 're going to ask people to do this for the common good , then let 's make sure for the common good that these people will be taken care of if something goes wrong . "
The document granting protection from lawsuits to swine flu vaccine makers was signed by Sebelius last month .
Source : AP
That ’s where Bueno de Mesquita began programming his computer model .
It is based loosely on Black ’s voter theory , and it works like this :
To predict how leaders will behave in a conflict , Bueno de Mesquita starts with a specific prediction he wants to make , then interviews four or five experts who know the situation well .
He identifies the stakeholders who will exert pressure on the outcome ( typically 20 or 30 players ) and gets the experts to assign values to the stakeholders in four categories :
What outcome do the players want ?
How hard will they work to get it ?
How much clout can they exert on others ?
How firm is their resolve ?
Each value is expressed as a number on its own arbitrary scale , like 0 to 200 .
( Sometimes Bueno de Mesquita skips the experts , simply reads newspaper and journal articles and generates his own list of players and numbers . )
For example , in the case of Iran ’s bomb , Bueno de Mesquita set Ahmadinejad ’s preferred outcome at 180 and , on a scale of 0 to 100 , his desire to get it at 90 , his power at 5 and his resolve at 90 .
Image Credit ...
Ted McGrath
Then the math begins , some of which is surprisingly simple .
If you merely sort the players according to how badly they want a bomb and how much support they have among others , you will end up with a reasonably good prediction .
But the other variables enable the computer model to perform much more complicated assessments .
In essence , it looks for possible groupings of players who would be willing to shift their positions toward one another if they thought that doing so would be to their advantage .
The model begins by working out the average position of all the players — the “ middle ground ” that exerts a gravitational force on the whole negotiation .
Then it compares each player with every other player , estimating whether one will be able to persuade or coerce the others to move toward its position , based on the power , resolve and positioning of everyone else .
( Power is n’t everything .
If the most powerful player is on the fringe of an issue , and a cluster of less - powerful players are closer to the middle , they might exert greater influence . )
After estimating how much or how little each player might budge , the software recalculates the middle ground , which shifts as the players move .
A “ round ” is over ; the software repeats the process , round after round .
The game ends when players no longer move very much from round to round — this indicates they have compromised as much as they ever will .
At that point , assuming no player with veto power had refused to compromise , the final average middle - ground position of all the players is the result — the official prediction of how the issue will resolve itself .
( Bueno de Mesquita does not express his forecasts in probabilistic terms ; he says an event will transpire or it wo n’t . )
The computer model , in short , predicts coalitions .
And computers are much better at doing this than humans , because with more than a few players the number of possible coalitions quickly multiplies .
With 40 players , the typical size of one of Bueno de Mesquita ’s forecasts , there are 1,560 possible pairs to consider just for starters .
This is why , he says , his model often produces surprising results .
It ’s not that it is smarter than humans .
But it methodically works through not only the obvious coalitions we know about and expect but also the invisible ones that we do n’t .
For Bueno de Mesquita , the first prominent use of the model came in 1979 , when the State Department was canvassing academics with expertise on India , including Bueno de Mesquita , to see how some parliamentary maneuverings would unfold .
Bueno de Mesquita decided to use his first version of the software ( which was , as he puts it , “ barely working ” ) and his own knowledge of India to determine the power players and each of their numbers .
Then the university ’s mainframe computer worked on the data all night .
In the morning , Bueno de Mesquita said , he was astonished : the predicted victor was a seemingly minor figure , someone discounted by the experts .
Bueno de Mesquita shared their opinion , he told me , but he accepted the computer ’s verdict anyway .
“ So I called the person back at the State Department , and told him what I had concluded , ” Bueno de Mesquita went on .
“ And there was a long , quiet period and some laughing .
He said : ‘ How did you arrive at that ?
Nobody ’s saying that . ’
So I told him I had a little computer model .
He just guffawed .
He said , ‘ I would n’t repeat that if I were you . ’ ”
Three months later , according to Bueno de Mesquita , his prediction turned out to be right .
The son of Jewish immigrants who arrived from Brussels during World War II , Bueno de Mesquita grew up in Manhattan , where his father ran a small publishing company and his mother managed a women ’s clothing shop .
He went to Queens College when he was 16 — “ way too young , ” he says — and read history and literature voraciously .
( Bueno de Mesquita spent years researching and writing a short novel that defends Ebenezer Scrooge as a kindhearted man . )
“ He is one the most remarkably intelligent human beings I ’ve met in my life , and Bruce does not hesitate to tell you that , ” Kevin Gaynor , an environmental lawyer who has twice hired Bueno de Mesquita to advise his corporate clients on “ extremely sensitive ” government negotiations , told me half - jokingly .
“ He ’s not self - effacing .
But he ’s not self - effacing in a charming way . ”
Bueno de Mesquita ’s voluminous academic work — he has published 16 books and more than 100 papers — is credited with helping to move game theory and mathematical modeling into the mainstream of political science ; according to one count , by 1999 fully 40 percent of papers in the American Political Science Review used modeling .
( The figure was so high it prompted deep consternation among non -game - theory political scientists . )
While few perform the consulting work he does , other game theorists have produced models very similar to Bueno de Mesquita ’s , and he actively promotes his technique , including training N.Y.U. undergraduates to do similar predictions . )
He spends half the year at N.Y.U. , where he recently finished a four - year stint as the chairman of the political - science department , and half the year at the Hoover Institution at Stanford .
Under the terms of his academic contracts , he is permitted to spend one day per week during the academic year doing outside consulting .
It is this consulting , more than his academic work , that has made Bueno de Mesquita both well off and controversial .
He began offering predictions to the private sector in 1982 , when A.F.K.
Organski , a former professor of his , suggested they go into business using Bueno de Mesquita ’s model .
Business negotiations , they reasoned , were like international relations in that they involved players trying to wheedle and coerce one another .
Soon Bueno de Mesquita and Organski ( who died in 1998 ) acquired clients ranging from Arthur Andersen to Union Carbide , which tapped them for advice on placating the Indian government after the Bhopal chemical spill .
Today Bueno de Mesquita ’s firm essentially consists of himself and Harry Roundell , a former banker at J. P. Morgan who met Bueno de Mesquita when Roundell hired him in 1995 to help the bank figure out how to push for new , favorable regulations in the U.S.
They charge $ 50,000 and up to do a prediction and offer negotiating tips , and they take on 18 to 20 of these assignments a year .
Beyond saying it was “ a reasonable amount of money , ” Bueno de Mesquita would not describe his income from the company .
Chaos Manipulation a Forte of Global Elite By Victor Thorn America ’s astronomical debt is unsustainable .
Will it lead to the collapse of our dollar ?
Or , could a swine flu pandemic cripple the nation ’s healthcare system ?
A suitcase nuke in St. Louis would move us into a renewed state of panic .
Who could calculate the effect of another false - flag “ lone nut ” domestic terrorist like Timothy McVeigh ?
Each of these scenarios is very real because the global elite have historically used crisis to disorient and overwhelm the populace into a state of shock so that they can push through legislation that had already been penned ( i.e. two successive levels of Homeland Security and the Patriot Act enacted via the OKC Bombing and 9 - 11 ) .
Barack Obama ’s primary thug , Rahm Emanuel , recently quipped , “ Never let a serious crisis go to waste . ”
New World Order elitists most certainly savor these moments .
To them , crisis equals action , whether it ’s a natural disaster , an orchestrated economic collapse , war , terror , or the instability of a coup .
When these “ controlled chaos ” events are foisted upon the public through the media ’s shock and awe wizardry , the emergency suspends animation and people are far more open to suggestion and willing to comply .
As such , we ’re so focused on the misery and disaster that our personal interest is exploited before we realize what ’s happening .
These architects of catastrophe thrive on tragedy .
To them , it ’s an opportunity that ’s neither benign nor bloodless .
Hark back to Sept. 11 , 2001 .
With the masses in shock , government leaders implemented new policies as a form of social reengineering .
To be successful , the hidden NWO oligarchs first had to create a blitzkrieg sense of isolation where our resistance was diminished by the disorientation of falling skyscrapers and a jet purportedly hitting the Pentagon .
Suddenly , after being “ invaded , ” we did n’t live in the world we thought we lived in .
The entire collective narrative had been altered .
At this stage , in true Machiavellian fashion , the manipulators saw us as blank slates upon which they could imprint their new ideas .
Picture electroshock therapy patients whose original personalities are completely distorted and / or erased , only to be replaced by “ reformed ” ones .
The same applies to Obama ’s “ fundamental transformation of America . ”
After the deluge ( either real or perceived ) , a framework is already intact to pass new laws .
Disaster equals profit for the elite , and this requires the need for a new enemy to emerge ( and be feared ) .
To reinforce their agenda , heavy doses of propaganda are disseminated on the public .
“ If you ’re patriotic and love freedom , you need to defend the homeland and our war against tyranny . ”
Of course , opposition must be suppressed .
So , if you do n’t become a willing automaton in the collective whole , then your dissent is painted as unpatriotic ( example : 9-11 “ truthers ” ) .
Over the past century , an Orwellian prophecy of perpetual war and perpetual enemies has plagued America .
We went from hating Nazis to Communists , then Koreans and Vietnamese , to “ extreme Islam ” today .
As our “ war on terror ” unfolded ( a phrase coined by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ) , entire war profiteering economies were built on fear via our invasions of Afghanistan
and Iraq .
But this phenomenon should n’t surprise anyone .
Spike event governance has always been the NWO ’s modus operandi .
By funding both the North and South during our Civil War , the Rothschild family came close to dividing America into two separate countries ( all in their quest to create an all - powerful central bank ) .
In 1913 , legislation creating the Federal Reserve and a federal income tax allowed America ’s worst president ever — Woodrow Wilson — to lead us into World War I. Perpetual debt and interest payments to an international
banking cartel were the intended result .
The 1929 stock market crash allowed elite families such as the Rockefellers , Morgans and Vanderbilts to rake in millions , while the remainder wallowed in a decade long Great Depression .
To “ rescue ” us , FDR conceived his socialist New Deal ; then along with Winston Churchill , stood by while the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor .
Our involvement in World War II soon followed .
To climax this destruction , atom bombs were dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki as a form of “ urban renewal . ”
Japanese nationalists were eliminated , replaced by global industrialists and a new crop of slave laborers — “ made in Japan . ”
[ One hundred years earlier , these slave laborers were immigrants to America working in sweat shops , coal mines , factories , or building railroads . ]
In the ensuing years as the American economy boomed ( a black and white Leave it to Beaver world ) , our CIA ran rampant , creating mayhem via their illegal experimentation .
Upon leaving office in January 1961 , President Dwight Eisenhower warned of a “ military industrial complex . ”
Less than three years later in a coup d’etat , JFK was assassinated in Dallas .
Virtually overnight , LBJ dramatically increased aid to Israel , ratcheted up our involvement in Vietnam , and unleashed his socialist Great Society .
The disgrace of Richard Nixon ’s Watergate paved the way for David Rockefeller ’s Trilateral Commission candidate , Jimmy Carter .
More importantly , his national security advisor , Zbigniew Brzezinski ( also a Trilateralist ) , lured the Russians into attacking Afghanistan .
This spike event led to their version of Vietnam , and the USSR ’s collapse .
Reminiscent of 1984 , the same “ freedom fighters ” we financed to battle our Cold War enemy are now being financed by the Russians to fight us .
Seems highly unlikely — evidence ?
Spike events rule the world .
The fall of Berlin ’s Wall in 1989 served as a conduit to the European Union ’s formation in 1993 .
Our Iran - Contra fiasco concealed a vast network of U.S. drug trafficking ( including the crack epidemic in Los Angeles ) .
Israel ’s USS Liberty attack nearly started WWIII .
China ’s Tiananmen Square uprising opened the door to “ reform at the barrel of a gun ” ( to quote Mao ) .
As a result , China emerged as the world ’s new slave labor capital , for their workers are too terrified to protest or demand their rights , as we see them .
Economically , stock market spike events via 1973 ’s oil embargo , Black Monday in 1987 , and the dot.com , housing and banking bubble bursts have stripped billions from investors ( while Wall Street manipulators reaped vast rewards behind the scenes ) .
More recently , Hurricane Katrina exiled New Orleans ’ poor while construction outfits like KBR profited handsomely .
The same transformation took place during Sri Lanka ’s tsunami where privately owned fishing villages were usurped by corporate luxury resorts .
With the World Health Organization , IMF , World Bank , CFR , and Bilderberg elite guiding these catastrophes with their hidden hand , a quote by H.L. Mencken seems appropriate .
“ The whole aim of practical politics is to keep the people alarmed by menacing it with an endless series of hobgoblins , all of them imaginary . ”
Sadly , these demons become all too real , as we witnessed on 9 - 11 .
What will be the next spike event that sends society into turmoil while simultaneously creating the means to alter our world yet again ?
Victor
Thorn is a hard - hitting researcher , journalist and the author of many books on 9 - 11 and the New World Order .
These include 9 - 11 Evil : The Israeli Role in 9 - 11 and Phantom Flight 93 .
Subscribe to American Free Press .
Online subscriptions :
One year of weekly editions — $ 15 plus you get a BONUS ELECTRONIC BOOK - HIGH PRIESTS OF WAR - By Michael Piper .
Print subscriptions : 52 issues crammed into 47 weeks of the year plus six free issues of Whole Body Health : $ 59 Order on this website or call toll free 1-888-699-NEWS .
Sign up for our free e-newsletter here - get a free gift just for signing up !
( Issue # 46 , November 16 , 2009 )
The meeting of left parties held in Caracas , November 19 - 21 , 2009 .
Photo by ABN .
By François Sabado
November 26 , 2009 -- During an international meeting of left parties held in Caracas from 19 - 21 November , 2009 , Venezuela 's President Hugo Chavez launched a call for a Fifth Socialist International , which , according to him , should bring together left parties and social movements .
According to Chavez , who is also president of the United Socialist Party of Venezuela ( PSUV ) , the Fifth International must be “ an instrument for the unification and the articulation of the struggle of the peoples to save this planet ” .
In a world political situation marked by a total crisis of the capitalist system , this is a fact important enough to be underlined .
Indeed , leaders or parties who pose the question of an international do not grow on trees .
That is the first merit of Chavez ’s call .
All the more so as this call is accompanied by a declaration which denounces the systemic character of the capitalist crisis , beyond its financial and banking dimensions , and reaffirms the perspective of a socialism of the 21st century .
It calls for an urgent mobilisation against the new imperialist offensive in Latin America , by the US administration and the Latin American right .
On the basis of this call , a broad world anti-imperialist front can be established , to mark its solidarity with the struggle of the peoples for their social and political rights , to oppose the new US bases in Colombia , to support , in particular , the mobilisation of the people of Honduras against the new dictatorial regime .
In the trial of strength in which the imperialists are confronted with the struggles of the peoples , such a world front would constitute an important instrument to fight the power of the ruling classes , not only in Latin America but in the whole world .
We are ready , as we have been since the beginning , in solidarity with the Cuban rRvolution , the Bolivarian revolution , with the experiences in Bolivia and Ecuador , to fully commit ourselves to the common fight against the imperialist attacks imperialists and to take our full place in this world anti-imperialist front .
It is also within this framework that the process of construction of a new International would be posed .
Chavez calls for the establishment of a Socialist Fifth International .
That puts back on the agenda the discussion about a new International .
Chavez situates the building of the Fifth International in continuity with the Fourth .
We have already declared on many occasions : what do labels matter , if there is convergence over the content .
But the constitution of a new International implies a whole process around a program , policies , and an organisation , which must be carried out on the basis of a broad discussion with all the protagonists .
There is , indeed , a new historical period , where divergences between various revolutionary currents can be surmounted on the basis of “ a common understanding of events and tasks ” .
From this point of view , it is not a question of discussing the historical balancesheets of different currents , but it is decisive to learn together the lessons from Stalinism and social democracy , so that the tragedies and the errors of the past are not repeated .
Each party , each organisation , each current and each militant must contribute to this debate .
As for the Fourth International , it has already formulated , on many occasions , its proposals :
An anti-imperialist and anti-capitalist program of emergency demands , which starts from the demands and the social needs of the popular classes , proposes a new distribution of wealth , public and social appropriation of the key sectors of the economy and leads on to the revolutionary transformation of society .
Unity of action of all the organisations , currents and militants against the attacks of the governments and the capitalist classes .
Independence of the social movements , associations and trade union organisations with respect to parties and states .
Solidarity with all struggles of peoples against all the imperialist powers .
The fight against oppression and the defence of the rights of women , homosexuals , young people and immigrants .
The fight for governments of the workers and popular classes which satisfy the principal social and ecological demands and base themselves on the mobilisation of the population and its control over the principal sectors of the economy .
This perspective implies not participating in governments which manage the state and the capitalist economy along with the parties of the centre - left or social democracy .
The central character of the self - emancipation and self - organisation of peoples , in the perspective of overthrowing capitalism .
An ecosocialist project which combines both the satisfaction of social needs and the respect and balance of our ecosystem .
In this sense , we have much to learn much from the Indigenous peoples of South America and their relationship to the land .
Socialist democracy as a project of society : self - management of the economy , democracy and pluralism of parties and social movements .
These are some themes for discussion in order to advance along the road of bringing together all anti-capitalists on an international level .
They are the first ideas that we will defend in the process of constitution of a new International .
Last , Chavez ’s call for a Fifth International also constitutes a point of support when it poses the question of a new International , independently of the Second ( Socialist ) International of which organisations like the social - democratic parties , the Mexican Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) and the Brazilian Workers Party ( PT ) are members .
But it is also necessary to clarify a question in the construction of a new International , that of the difference between state policies and the development of a political project .
It is one thing is to conclude economic and commercial agreements with states which have anti-imperialist governments , to conclude such agreements with other states , including some which have reactionary regimes , or to oppose attacks of imperialism against certain countries .
It is quite another thing to give political support to regimes like those of the Chinese Communist Party or the Islamic Republic of Iran .
The project of the Fifth International cannot in any way at all be associated with these regimes .
Once again , this call creates the conditions for a new international discussion , indissociable from solidarity with the Bolivarian revolution .
It is in this spirit that the Fourth international , its organisations and its militants , will answer Presente !
[ François Sabado is a member of the executive bureau of the Fourth International and an activist in the New Anticapitalist Party ( NPA ) in France .
He was a long - time member of the national leadership of the Revolutionary Communist League ( LCR ) .
This article first appeared on the website of International Viewpoint , the magazine of the Fourth International . ]
Current News
Project Manager |
To act as the liaison with sales on all aspects of client and prospect accounts by coordinating work with sales , design , and operations ; facilitating information between the client , account executive , design , fabrication and logistics teams .
Performing the profitable completion of projects while having a wide range of control and ability to make critical decisions
Estimating / Purchasing |
Responsible for reviewing estimate requests with appropriate personnel to understand the project ; preparing estimates after gathering information on materials and labor between design , shop , and sales ; staying current on vendors and pricing of materials .
Account Executive |
Seeking a determined , forceful , and high achieving Account Executive with 3 - 5 years of high performance and proven consultative selling skills in the professional marketing services industry .
Show more
Breandan Vallance was crowned world champion at the weekend
A Scottish student has beaten hundreds of rivals to be crowned the Rubik 's cube world champion .
Breandan Vallance , 17 , of Beith , in Ayrshire , secured the title at the weekend at Dusseldorf in Germany .
His average solving time for the puzzle was just 10.74 seconds which ensured he walked off with the 5,000 euro prize for the overall winner .
After clinching his title , he commented : " I knew I was good , but it 's great to know how good . "
It was the fifth edition of the world championships , which is staged every two years .
The Scottish teenager saw off competitors from 32 countries to take the prize .
He takes over the world champion title from Yu Nakajima of Japan who won the 2007 event in Budapest .
Contestants also entered events to solve the cube one - handed , blindfolded and with their feet .
However , it was the young Scot who proved quickest at traditional " speedcubing " .
Hungarian architect Erno Rubik invented the cube in Hungary in 1974 .
More than 300 million cubes have been sold since .
Novitec Rosso is the Ferrari tuner and has been for 20 years now .
So it ’s only fitting that they would apply their specialty to the parting Ferrari F430 Scuderia as it sings its swan song .
Known as the Novitec Rosso Ferrari 430 Scuderia 747HP
Edizione Special , a mouthful for sure , their latest creation is also one of the quickest Ferraris even made .
The 544 lb - ft of torque ( 200 more than stock ) takes you to 62 mph in only 3.4 seconds .
Even though that ’s just .2 seconds faster than a stock Scud ( no doubt due to wheel - spin off the line ) , once the tires get traction you will surely notice a big difference .
Hence , Novitec ’s variation will reach 124 mph in 9.4 seconds , a full 2 seconds ahead of a stock Scud .
Hold the “ fun ” pedal down and you will eventually hit a soul - stirring 218 mph .
This beautiful insanity is the result of twin - superchargers , a Novitec favorite .
Somehow the engine barely looks touched .
The new parts are so well - crafted they actually look OEM .
Each supercharger feeds air to a bank of cylinders , using 7PSI of boost .
A larger radiator and separate oil - cooler keep the engine healthy .
A new suspension system is even stiffer than stock and lowers the car 1.2 inches .
A striking two - tone paint job has been applied and makes Rosso Red look as tame as Camry Gold .
The Scuderia ’s racing stripe theme is kept , but is bigger and more bold .
Wheels grow to 20 inches all - around , with massive 12 - inch wide tires in the rear .
I like to think of this car as the F430s big brother , just out of jail , where he spent all his time lifting in the yard .
The Novitec Rosso Ferrari 430 Scuderia 747HP
Edizione Special is a combination of a high - strung track - killer and a high - speed power monster .
The only other Ferrari that has those traits is the FXX , and it is n’t even allowed out of Ferrari ’s sight .
The 747 however , will terrorize tracks and public roads alike .
But act fast , there will only be 4 of these ever made .
The price has n’t been published yet , so it will cost “ expensive to the power of 4 . ”
The base model Scuderia runs $ 281,618 , so expect gobs more .
No matter what the color is , or who buys it , I applaud Novitec Rosso for taking Ferraris as far as humanly possible .
Not only are their cars fast , they look incredible while still maintaining the Ferrari aesthetic .
Cheers to Novitec Rosso , celebrating 20 years of pissing off Ferrari purists and police cars alike .
I hope they are around for the next 20 , because I think they are just hitting their stride .
Source : Novitec Rosso
ISTANBUL , Turkey ( CNN ) --
At least 31 people were dead after two days of torrential rains triggered flash floods in northwestern
Turkey , sweeping cars into the sea and sending gushing water into homes and businesses , authorities said Wednesday .
A Turkish woman awaits rescuers on her balcony following heavy morning rain in Istanbul .
more photos »
Twenty - six people were killed in Istanbul province and five in neighboring Tekirdag province , according to Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan .
Nine people were feared missing , he said .
Among the fatalities in Istanbul were seven female textile workers who were trapped in their minivan , CNN sister network CNN Turk reported .
Witnesses in the city of Istanbul said the flash floods hit at 7:30 a.m.
Wednesday , washing through an industrial zone situated in a low - lying valley .
Dozens of cargo trucks flipped or were ripped to pieces , the wreckage attracting crowds who watched the chaotic scene from nearby hilltops .
See photos of the devastation »
At a news conference in Istanbul 's Disaster Management Center , in front of walls of TVs showing live video feeds from Turkey 's largest city , Erdogan expressed condolences to families that lost loved ones during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan .
Watch more about the deadly flooding »
He said emergency workers rescued an estimated 1,300 people from the flash floods and pledged billions of Turkish lira for disaster relief in Istanbul and Tekirdag provinces .
He also chided developers who built commercial and residential structures in riverbeds that are vulnerable to flooding .
" Our ancestors had a saying : ' The river 's revenge will be heavy , ' " Erdogan said .
" We should remember what our ancestors said . "
In the wake of this week 's disaster , the prime minister called for relocating all such settlements from riverbeds and moving them to safer ground .
Several roads in Istanbul city remained closed , including the airport road , CNN Turk said .
Rescue missions were in full swing , with military helicopters whirring overhead .
Residents were advised not to wander from their homes .
" We never had such rain in all the time I have been here , " said Zafer Ercan , deputy mayor of the town of Silivri , an hour west of Istanbul city .
View images from iReporters
He said that more than 200 cars were washed into the Sea of Marmara and 800 homes and businesses were flooded in the neighboring town of Selimpasa .
The rain stopped Tuesday evening but resumed early Wednesday .
Heavy overnight rain flooded western neighborhoods in Istanbul city .
The amount of rain that has fallen in two days roughly equals what normally falls in six months in the Turkish province , Istanbul Gov. Muammer Guler told the state - run Anatolia News Agency .
CNN 's Ivan Watson and Yesim Comert in Istanbul , Turkey , contributed to this report .
All About Turkey • Recep Tayyip Erdogan
Trigger warning : some linked pages contain hate speech and threats of violence against women .
While I completely support SourceForge ’s decision to remove MikeeUSA ‘s code for violation of their Terms of Service , I ca n’t help kinda feeling sorry for the guy , because apparently he did n’t have any other copies .
Let ’s face it , he ’s not a very experienced developer , and he ca n’t be expected to understand advanced topics like , oh , keeping backups , especially since he spends so much time on his activism , which no doubt distracts him from real coding .
Good thing us feminists are here to help him out .
It just so happens that we had a copy of some of the code that was deleted , so we ’ve forked it under the terms of the GPL , and made it available at :
http://code.geekfeminism.org/mikeeusa/
[ 2014 edit : Leigh got tired of running that server so she stopped hosting it .
You can see an old snapshot on archive.org , in the unlikely event that you give a shit . ]
It ’s a Mercurial repository , and you can either browse it over the web , or clone it using your favourite Mercurial client .
I know distributed version control can be a bit daunting for newbie developers , but perhaps Mikee can find a friend to help him out with it .
But we did n’t just post his code as - is .
We ’ve improved it !
As a Perl developer and veteran CPAN contributor , I was able to make a start at cleaning up the worst bits of his slots game , though I must admit that my work was slowed down by the urge to send almost every line of it to TheDailyWTF .
$ htmlsave =~ s/./__________THISISAPERIOD__________/g ;
$ htmlsave =~ s/W//g ;
$ htmlsave =~ s/__________THISISAPERIOD__________/./g ;
And we also improved his Crossfire maps , especially one set in Russia which we switched to Ponyland , where you help the Pony Liberation Army free Ponyland from the trolls .
Everyone loves ponies , right ?
We think you ’ll especially enjoy the new textures we ’ve added :
They might not improve playability , but from what we ’ve heard , there was n’t much playability to start with .
As Free Software developers , we honour the Four Software Freedoms , and gladly recognise Mikee ’s right to run these programs , study and learn from them , redistribute copies , and even modify them — provided , of course , that attribution is given to the geekfeminism.org developers .
ETA : Comments on this post are now closed — yes , early — as we seem to have reached the point of nothing new being added to the discussion .
Arsène Wenger offers an FA Cup rematch to Sheffield United 13 February 1999
The FA Cup often throws up weird and wonderful situations but in 1999 Highbury witnessed one of the strangest episodes in the competition 's history .
Arsenal were drawn at home against Sheffield United in the Fifth Round and beat the Yorkshire team 2 - 1 thanks to goals from Patrick Vieira and Marc Overmars .
However , the winning goal caused plenty of controversy .
The ball had been kicked into touch by a United player so one of his team - mates could receive treatment .
But when Kanu received possession from the resulting throw , he broke away down the right and squared for Overmars to score .
The Blades were outraged and pointed the finger at Kanu but the Nigerian had simply misunderstood the situation , unaware that a United player had needed treatment .
Nonetheless , the dispute was not going to be settled easily .
Arsène Wenger stepped in and , recognising the unique situation Arsenal found themselves in , he offered United manager Steve Bruce a chance to replay the match at Highbury .
Wenger 's gracious offer was accepted and , with the FA 's consent , the rematch took place 10 days later .
Overmars and Dennis Bergkamp put Arsenal in charge and , although the Blades grabbed a late consolation , they suffered another 2 - 1 defeat .
The Magazine 's feature on heroes overlooked by history prompted a huge response from readers , who have been making their own nominations .
All the names put forward have some level of renown , of course , so some may be familiar .
But they each have a compelling case for being more widely celebrated .
The submissions were overwhelmingly male , with a strong leaning towards men of science and discovery and very few from the arts .
Thanks for the hundreds of nominations .
Here is a selection .
1. Scottish explorer John Rae ( 1813 - 1893 ) was the real discoverer of the Northwest Passage from the North Atlantic ocean to the North Pacific ocean although the credit , for some inexplicable reason , is given to Franklin .
He also discovered what happened to the remains of the ill - fated Franklin expedition .
Peter Heslop , York
( More details from BBC Two )
2. Elizabeth Garrett Anderson ( 1836 -1917 ) was the first female doctor in the UK , the first female Mayor ( Aldeburgh ) and founder of the suffragette movement ( the Kensington Society ) .
I discovered this amazing woman whilst helping my daughter with her Victorian topic at school .
I 've learnt a lot !
And I believe she 's not given the recognition she deserves at all .
Pauline Slinger , Burton , Carnforth , Lancs
First at this , first at that ...
Elizabeth Garrett Anderson
( More details from BBC History )
3. James Clerk Maxwell , who as Einstein said , was founder of the modern world .
His work as a physicist paved the way for Hertz , Marconi , Einstein himself , and others to study theoretical and quantum physics .
He was not just an inventor and excellent teacher at university , but his intellect was well in advance of that of his peers , leading to future advances .
Gordon Macpherson , London
( More details from BBC Radio 4 )
4.Tommy Flowers gets my vote .
Thomas Harold Flowers was the creator of the first practical electronic computer and he changed our world forever .
He was the technical innovator behind the design of the Colossus computer that was used at Bletchley Park to break German military codes during the Second World War
Steve , Cardiff , UK
( More details from BBC h2g2 )
5 . I think one of the greatest unsung heroes is Donald Davies .
A computer scientist and mathematician responsible for developing packet switching .
The method which transformed all communication around the globe and allowed the development of the internet .
Ray , London
( More details from BBC News )
6. Walter Tull is my unsung hero because he broke down the colour bar in the army by becoming the first black infantry officer during the First World War .
He was recommended for a Military Cross for his bravery .
He died at the Second Battle of the Somme .
He was also a professional footballer for Spurs and Northampton Town .
Phil Vasili , London
( More details from BBC London )
7. Mary Wortley Montague brought " ingrafting " from Turkey to England to combat smallpox , which scarred her own face .
Persuaded the Royal Family to ingraft their children , and so made it fashionable and widely used .
The idea was developed by Jenner and others to produce the smallpox vaccination .
Smallpox is now an eradicated disease .
John Stringer , Leamington Spa
( More details from BBC's Woman's ' Hour )
8 . My unsung hero would be Harry Beck , the designer of the first London Underground map , which went on to influence many other mapping pictograms around the world .
Peter Lawley , Telford
James Clerk Maxwell had Einstein among his fans
9. Percy Edwards , who did bird impressions , and was the voice of Nelson the dog ( amongst other animals ) on The Archers .
Martin Horseman , London
10 . I think that Chad Varah , who started The Samaritans as a young vicar in London the early 1950s , is worthy of greater acclaim .
At that time , suicide was still illegal in the UK and what he began , and what became The Samaritans , was something new and vital for people in distress who needed to talk to someone in confidence .
The Samaritans are still performing that important role today - and Chad Varah deserves more than just a nod of recognition for that .
Mel Martyn , London
( More details from BBC News )
11 . Sir Joseph Bazalgette is not really remembered because his major work , the London sewage system , is hidden .
It could be argued that he has saved more Londoners ' lives than any other - before him cholera was a regular occurrence and after him it vanished from the scene .
He also , in a very longseeing manner , allowed for the expansion of the system , which is essentially that used to this day .
If you can remember the riverbank scene in Slumdog Millionaire , that will give you an idea what the Thames was like before his efforts , and what Londoners owe to him .
Peter Hopkins , Manchester
( More details from BBC History )
Has Sharman been too quickly forgotten ?
12 . Many interested in science in the UK remain mystified why Helen Sharman , the first Briton in space , slipped so quickly out of public notice .
She came across as a lively and intelligent woman - an excellent role model for those of us who want to see more women in science , especially the maths - based disciplines .
The suspicion is that because she was female , worked in private industry , and travelled with the Russians , when Whitehall wanted " a chap from the services " , the mandarins wanted her written out of history .
Des Hickey , London
( More details from BBC News )
13 . Sir Allen Lane , founder of Penguin Books , who did more than anyone else to popularise affordable , quality paperback books in Britain .
Tim Footman , London
14 . Considering how much aviation has touched our lives over the past century , I think that Percy Pilcher deserves much more accolade and acknowledgement than he has received .
Pilcher designed and built a powered aircraft several years before the Wright Brothers did , and the only thing that stopped him from making history was his death .
The craft was proven to be successful many years later .
Had Pilcher survived to fly it , we would probably be speaking of Stanford Hall as being the birthplace of powered flight , not Kitty Hawk .
Edward Wallace , Glasgow
( More details from BBC Horizon )
Walter Tull was the subject of a BBC drama
15 . John Lilburne the Leveller 's campaign for a more democratic form of government took place in an age - the mid-17th Century - when " democracy " was equated with impiety and treason , and he and his family suffered terribly for it , but never gave up .
He pioneered many of the forms of activism which are now universal : petitions to Parliament ; marches and demonstrations ; meetings to canvas support ; even the idea of a political party with regular meetings and a common fund .
He and his party were among the first to make use of the print media to publicize their cause , and they consistently took positions - for religious toleration , freedom of speech , and the right of ordinary people to have a say in government - which were years in advance of their time .
They lost , but we , their heirs , have benefited from their struggle .
Gillian Ball , Coventry
16 . I would like to nominate William Garbutt as an unsung British hero .
Garbutt was born in Stockport in 1883 .
An injury ended his professional football career and back then , there was no natural career progression for an ex-professional footballer ( except to become a pub landlord ) but Garbutt was offered the role of coach of Genoa , in Italy 's infant football league .
Garbutt accepted the post and at the age of 29 , took himself and his young family off to Italy and in so doing , became the first professional football coach in Italian football .
He revolutionised Italian football , introducing new training techniques , and concentrated on improving the players fitness .
Despite winning three championships in Italy and one in Spain , assisting the Italian national team and generally introducing modern football coaching to Italy , Garbutt 's achievements are virtually unknown in his own country .
Paul Edgerton , Birmingham , UK
An inspiration to women , Rachael Heyhoe - Flint
17 . Rachael Heyhoe - Flint was England 's women 's cricket captain for 12 years , unbeaten in six Test series .
My father used to talk about her in the 70s and whilst I never took up cricket , it helped to endorse my belief that women can succeed in all aspects of life .
Sadly , the media do not on the whole relay their sporting success .
If they did , perhaps there would be a few more sporting role models for girls to aspire to .
Rachel Harris , Bath , UK
18 . I 'd nominate Charles Merz ( 1874 -1940 ) , who was a pioneer in the field of electricity generation and railway electrification and who was heavily influential in the 1920s in the setting up of the National Grid .
Every time you turn an electrical appliance on in your house , you should remember Merz because his vision helped in no small way to make electricity the universal service it is now .
Tragically , he was killed in an air raid in October 1940 .
Richard Allen , Letchworth , England
19 . Stanley Unwin is one of the great unsung heroes .
He talked gibberish and part from having inspired several generations of politicians , he has undoubtedly been a great influence on our current prime minister .
Here beholdy manifold things Gordon Talibanmost - all deep joy and thorkus for great helicopterlode laugh'n Wootton Bassetride .
Richard Ruzyllo , Glynde , UK
( More details from BBC News )
20 . Annie Besant was concerned about the health of young women workers at the Bryant & May match factory .
On 23 June 1888 , Annie published an article White Slavery in London where she drew attention to the dangers of phosphorus fumes and complained about the low wages paid to the women who worked at Bryant & May .
Three women who provided information for Annie 's article were sacked .
Annie responded by helping the women at Bryant & May to form a Matchgirls Union .
After a three - week strike , the company was forced to make significant concessions including the re-employment the three victimized women .
Gerald Davies , Langho , Lancashire
( More details from BBC History )
21 . James Brindley organized and designed the canal systems , with more in the West Midlands and Birmingham than in Venice .
This form of transportation made goods easily moveable and assisted in the rise of the industrial midlands .
What my antecedent Brindley did is surely worthy of more promotion - yet he seems quite overlooked .
Susan Johnson , Seal Beach , California , USA
( More details from BBC Staffordshire )
22 . Henry Blogg was a lifeboatman from Cromer and one of the bravest men who ever lived , and one of the most modest .
Too many accomplishments to list briefly , so here 's one to get a flavour of the man .
A ship is breaking up - no way to get near it : the waves are too big and they 're crashing over it .
So Henry does n't get near it ... he goes on it .
He actually surfs his lifeboat on the wave , lands on the stricken ship , gets as many of the crew on board as possible , then , picking his moment , heads into another wave to coast off the ship again .
Maybe you 're thinking it was a fluke , a stroke of luck .
Yeah ... well , as soon as he'd unloaded the crew safely to another boat , he went back and did the same again to rescue the remaining crew .
Henry Blogg .
Hero .
Enough said .
Dom Murphy , Woodford Halse , Northamptonshire
Joseph Swan did not have the PR skills of Thomas Edison
( More details from BBC News )
23 . John Snow ( 1813 - 1858 ) discovered , despite the incessant naysaying of the establishment , and through his own ingenuity , that cholera ( and , by extension , other diseases ) was spread by water .
He thus saved not only countless poor in the slums of Soho , but thousands throughout history .
A real hero .
Deborah Duke , London
( More details from BBC History )
24 . Joseph Swan invented the light - bulb .
I would expect the British to be more patriotic on this matter than to credit Edison with priority .
It is Swan 's bulbs that were used in Cragside , the house built for the undervalued industrialist , William Armstrong .
These individuals are well known locally though I suspect not nationally .
Aidan Wightman , Whitley Bay
( More details from BBC History )
25 . Peter Durand is all but unknown , but every household sports his invention - the tin can .
Jonathan Day , Stockport
VICTORIA'S economy has pushed out of the starting blocks after the global financial crisis .
Treasury has positively revised all key forecasts from the May budget , prompting the Government to claim Victoria has weathered the economic storm better than almost any other state or country .
The budget update , tabled in Parliament yesterday , shows the economy is now expected to grow faster than predicted in May , net debt will be lower , employment growth stronger and the surplus bigger .
Premier John Brumby used the figures to taunt the Opposition , which had labelled the budget '' bad news ' ' for Victorians and had described the May forecasts as ' ' optimistic in the extreme ' ' .
'' Our jobs - building budget was exactly the right budget for the times , '' Mr Brumby told Parliament .
After ninety minutes of play the score is tied , and the yelling from the stands is deafening .
With just seconds remaining in the game he takes possession of the ball and finds himself in shooting distance , with only the goalkeeper to beat .
The crowd is on their feet and all the pressure is on him , on this one last chance to score .
In the cacophony of cheering , Andy Gray ’s voice rings out :
“ Is this the moment !!! ”
Note : I ’ve just opened up a few slots in my mentorship program .
I do n’t know how long they will be available , but last time they filled up right away .
You can see more about that at the bottom of this post .
Is This The Moment – In Your Life ?
I ’ve been thinking about that phrase a lot lately .
Is this the moment .
When I am faced with a difficult choice , opportunity or feel like giving up I wonder :
Is this the moment that defines the direction my life will take ?
Is this the moment that will determine success – or the moment where I taste failure ?
Will this moment be a moment of weakness – or will it be my finest hour ?
When I was younger I remember setting various goals and milestones that I would later achieve such as being valedictorian for my class or performing in front of a crowd with my band .
In many of my goals , there was always one moment that I looked forward to – a single moment where I could absolutely say yes , this is the end and I can check this off my todo list as “ accomplished . ”
As I look back on it however , I realize I was mistaken to put so much emphasis on those single isolated moments .
I do n’t think those moments actually define who I am or what I did , because my life is not made up of isolated moments that take place months or years apart .
Those moments were important , but only to symbolize the culmination of all my hard work and prior success .
They are special because they are the end result , but many of the real defining moments came much before that – and passed by without me or anyone else noticing – and it ’s important that we also pay attention to those moments and those decisions .
When Faced With Obstacles And Opportunities Ask Yourself : Is This The Moment ?
“ If you are going to achieve excellence in big things , you develop the habit in little matters .
Excellence is not an exception , it is a prevailing attitude . ”
– Colin Powell
Is this the moment .
I ’ve also been using that phrase a lot lately to push through laziness and procrastination to work towards my goals .
When I am working on a software project and want to quit , I ask myself : is this the moment ?
Is this the turning point where I go on to build something great – or is this the day I let my opportunity to change the world pass me by ?
Is this the turning point where I go on to build something great – or is this the day I let my opportunity to change the world pass me by ?
When I know it is time to head to the gym , but am not really motivated to work out , I ask myself :
Is this the moment ?
Is this where I push forth in spite of how I feel , or is this the moment I falter , blame the situation and nothing comes of all my effort ?
Many of the biggest successes and moments in my life did not come out of nowhere – they were the result of tiny moments , moments that at the time seemed insignificant – but that in retrospect have made all the difference .
A day that I decided to give away my frying pans on craig ’s list .
Books I picked up on a whim at the bookstore due to a friend ’s recommendation .
Times where I did n’t feel like taking a chance but did anyway .
The Power of a Single Action
The next time you ’re faced with a tough obstacle or an opportunity , and you feel fear , apprehension or just general apathy , here ’s another mental trick I use : I start off by imagining my life ten years ago .
I imagine all the little decisions I ’ve made and how those seemingly insignificant choices have turned me into the person you are today .
The chances I took , and the different paths I could have taken if I had done things just a little differently – the things I may have had an opportunity to do , or the things I may have missed out on .
I give myself some perspective , and realize that this single action I take will today will affect all of my tomorrows .
I do n’t know what awaits any of us in the future , but I do know this : when I feel like taking the easy way out or pretending I do n’t have to make a choice , I hear Andy Gray ’s voice in the back of my mind , passionately yelling at me –
“ Is this the moment !!! ”
Enjoy this article ?
You should Tweet This and share it with your friends , or feel free to share it however you like using this shortened link :
http://j.mp/isthisthemoment
If you like this article , you might also enjoy one of the new start pages I put up – Be Present In This Moment .
Is This Your Moment ?
Mentorship Update
A few days ago I mentioned I was going to open up some slots in my mentorship program .
The good news is , that day has come .
I ’m making the slots available today .
The bad news is : 5 slots are already filled .
This is due to people who pre-registered in August for the October course .
Depending on how quickly they fill up I may allow more pre-registrations for next year , but I ’m not sure .
I have also considered raising the price , but right now I ’m just going to let it fill up the old fashioned way – first come , first serve .
Click here now to get the full mentorship program details
Please note : I had to rush to get it out in time since I promised I would get the information out to you today , please forgive me if I ’ve made any spelling or grammar errors =)
If you are interested in making a difference in your life , making progress on those projects that always seem to be put off until “ tomorrow ” , if you are interested in joining a small , exclusive group that receives mentoring from me , check out the full details here , just published : mentorship program details .
I will close it once it fills up or the deadline comes so I can start it on time , so check it out today if you think it ’s possible you might be a good fit .
Click here now to get the full mentorship program details
It 's no use pretending this is n't a major blow .
The emails extracted by a hacker from the climatic research unit at the University of East Anglia could scarcely be more damaging .
I am now convinced that they are genuine , and I 'm dismayed and deeply shaken by them .
Yes , the messages were obtained illegally .
Yes , all of us say things in emails that would be excruciating if made public .
Yes , some of the comments have been taken out of context .
But there are some messages that require no spin to make them look bad .
There appears to be evidence here of attempts to prevent scientific data from being released , and even to destroy material that was subject to a freedom of information request .
Worse still , some of the emails suggest efforts to prevent the publication of work by climate sceptics , or to keep it out of a report by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change .
I believe that the head of the unit , Phil Jones , should now resign .
Some of the data discussed in the emails should be re-analysed .
But do these revelations justify the sceptics ' claims that this is " the final nail in the coffin " of global warming theory ?
Not at all .
They damage the credibility of three or four scientists .
They raise questions about the integrity of one or perhaps two out of several hundred lines of evidence .
To bury man -made climate change , a far wider conspiracy would have to be revealed .
Luckily for the sceptics , and to my intense disappointment , I have now been passed the damning email that confirms that the entire science of global warming is indeed a scam .
Had I known that it was this easy to rig the evidence , I would n't have wasted years of my life promoting a bogus discipline .
In the interests of open discourse , I feel obliged to reproduce it here .
From : ernst.kattweizel@redcar.ac.uk
Sent : 29 October 2009
To : The Knights Carbonic
Gentlemen , the culmination of our great plan approaches fast .
What the Master called " the ordering of men 's affairs by a transcendent world state , ordained by God and answerable to no man " , which we now know as Communist World Government , advances towards its climax at Copenhagen .
For 185 years since the Master , known to the laity as Joseph Fourier , launched his scheme for world domination , the entire physical science community has been working towards this moment .
The early phases of the plan worked magnificently .
First the Master 's initial thesis – that the release of infrared radiation is delayed by the atmosphere – had to be accepted by the scientific establishment .
I will not bother you with details of the gold paid , the threats made and the blood spilt to achieve this end .
But the result was the elimination of the naysayers and the disgrace or incarceration of the Master 's rivals .
Within 35 years the 3rd Warden of the Grand Temple of the Knights Carbonic ( our revered prophet John Tyndall ) was able to " demonstrate " the Master 's thesis .
Our control of physical science was by then so tight that no major objections were sustained .
More resistance was encountered ( and swiftly dispatched ) when we sought to install the 6th Warden ( Svante Arrhenius ) first as professor of physics at Stockholm University , then as rector .
From this position he was able to project the Master 's second grand law – that the infrared radiation trapped in a planet 's atmosphere increases in line with the quantity of carbon dioxide the atmosphere contains .
He and his followers ( led by the Junior Warden Max Planck ) were then able to adapt the entire canon of physical and chemical science to sustain the second law .
Then began the most hazardous task of all : our attempt to control the instrumental record .
Securing the consent of the scientific establishment was a simple matter .
But thermometers had by then become widely available , and amateur meteorologists were making their own readings .
We needed to show a steady rise as industrialisation proceeded , but some of these unfortunates had other ideas .
The global co-option of police and coroners required unprecedented resources , but so far we have been able to cover our tracks .
The over - enthusiasm of certain of the Knights Carbonic in 1998 was most regrettable .
The high reading in that year has proved impossibly costly to sustain .
Those of our enemies who have yet to be silenced maintain that the lower temperatures after that date provide evidence of global cooling , even though we have ensured that eight of the 10 warmest years since 1850 have occurred since 2001 .
From now on we will engineer a smoother progression .
Our co-option of the physical world has been just as successful .
The thinning of the Arctic ice cap was a masterstroke .
The ring of secret nuclear power stations around the Arctic circle , attached to giant immersion heaters , remains undetected , as do the space - based lasers dissolving the world 's glaciers .
Altering the migratory and reproductive patterns of the world 's wildlife has proved more challenging .
Though we have now asserted control over the world 's biologists , there is no accounting for the unauthorised observations of farmers , gardeners , birdwatchers and other troublemakers .
We have therefore been forced to drive migrating birds , fish and insects into higher latitudes , and to release several million tonnes of plant pheromones every year to accelerate flowering and fruiting .
None of this is cheap , and ever more public money , secretly diverted from national accounts by compliant governments , is required to sustain it .
The co-operation of these governments requires unflagging effort .
The capture of George W Bush , a late convert to the cause of Communist World Government , was made possible only by the threatened release of footage filmed by a knight at Yale , showing the future president engaged in coitus with a Ford Mustang .
Most ostensibly capitalist governments remain apprised of where their real interests lie , though I note with disappointment that we have so far failed to eliminate Vaclav Klaus .
Through the offices of compliant states , the Master 's third grand law has been established : world government will be established under the guise of controlling man-made emissions of greenhouse gases .
Keeping the scientific community in line remains a challenge .
The national academies are becoming ever more querulous and greedy , and require higher pay - offs each year .
The inexplicable events of the past month , in which the windows of all the leading scientific institutions were broken and a horse 's head turned up in James Hansen 's bed , appear to have staved off the immediate crisis , but for how much longer can we maintain the consensus ?
Knights Carbonic , now that the hour of our triumph is at hand , I urge you all to redouble your efforts .
In the name of the Master , go forth and terrify .
Professor Ernst Kattweizel , University of Redcar .
21st Grand Warden of the Temple of the Knights Carbonic .
This is the kind of conspiracy the deniers need to reveal to show that man-made climate change is a con .
The hacked emails are a hard knock , but the science of global warming withstands much more than that .
• Read Monbiot 's latest post on the climate email hacking : Pretending the leak is n't a crisis wo n't make it go away
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Ferrari president Luca di Montezemolo says the team has yet to decide whether to retain Kimi Raikkonen for next season or replace him with Fernando Alonso .
But he reiterated that there were no doubts about Felipe Massa returning to the line - up as soon as he had recovered from the head injuries sustained in Hungarian Grand Prix qualifying .
Alonso has long been linked with a switch to Ferrari , with di Montezemolo openly admitting at Monza that the team was interested in hiring the double world champion at some point in the future .
Although Raikkonen 's current contract runs through 2010 , Ferrari has so far declined to confirm whether he will still be in the car next season , amid suggestions that he could return to McLaren or join Brawn to make way for Alonso , whose future at Renault has come under fresh doubt amid the recent Singapore crash scandal .
Di Montezemolo told reporters at an event in Florence today that Ferrari was considering a straight choice between Alonso and Raikkonen as Massa 's 2010 team - mate .
" A Spanish or a Finnish driver ?
We 'll take some decisions within a few weeks , " he was quoted as saying by La Stampa .
" What 's certain is that we 'll have a Brazilian driver who deserves another chance , because thank God he is fine now .
As for the rest , we are pondering over the best choice . "
While Raikkonen suffered a slump in performance after clinching the world championship with Ferrari in 2007 , in recent weeks he has shown better form - taking podium finishes in the last four grands prix , including a victory in Belgium , and out - scoring all his rivals between the Hungarian and Italian GPs .
Google last month launched a new open source project called Chrome Frame , a browser plugin that brings Chrome 's powerful HTML renderer and high - speed JavaScript engine to Microsoft 's browser .
The plugin will allow Internet Explorer users to enjoy next - generation Web applications like Google Wave by providing critical performance improvements and strong support for emerging standards .
Despite the benefits that the plugin offers to end users and the Web development community , other browser vendors have some concerns about the implications .
Mozilla and Microsoft have raised some valid questions about potential problems with Chrome Frame , but we 're still not convinced that the plugin is a net loss for the Web .
The charge
Mozilla boss Mitchell Baker argues that injecting an alternate rendering engine into IE will create confusion and disrupt the browser 's basic functionality in key ways .
Even worse , she fears that it will lead to the proliferation of site - specific rendering plugins that will fragment the Web .
Mozilla VP of engineering Mike Shaver also expressed concern , citing the multitude of problems created by existing browser plugins .
In an interview with ComputerWorld , Shaver expressed concern that Google might even bring Chrome Frame to Firefox .
Mozilla developers have experimented with similar projects in the past with varying levels of earnestness .
Mozilla 's Screaming Monkey initiative , for example , aimed to provide a plugin for bringing Mozilla 's JavaScript engine to Internet Explorer .
Mozilla developers have also created an experimental IE plugin that injects Mozilla 's implementation of the HTML 5 Canvas element .
The Mozilla developer behind that project has suggested that the same technique could eventually be used for other key HTML 5 features such as video .
Although the scope of these plugins is significantly smaller than Chrome Frame , and they would theoretically be less disruptive to browser functionality , they still create many of the same problems and represent an equal contribution to what Baker disapprovingly describes as " browser soup . "
At what point does the breakage inherent in the plugin model outweigh the advantages of introducing improved support for modern standards - based , open Web features ?
Worth worrying about ?
I was somewhat puzzled by Shaver 's comments about the possibility that Google might bring Chrome Frame to Firefox .
He does n't know if Google will choose to make Chrome Frame available for Firefox users in the future , and Google has done nothing to indicate that it will .
It 's hard to imagine why Google would want or need to release Chrome Frame for Firefox , and it 's such an improbable scenario that it should n't warrant real contemplation .
Firefox is a modern browser with support for emerging standards and a reasonably fast JavaScript engine .
Chrome 's renderer may offer some advantages over Firefox 's built - in renderer in a handful of specific contexts , but not to a degree that would necessitate the swap .
A point that seems to be getting lost here is that the goal of Chrome Frame is to make Internet Explorer support standards - based features that are already in all other browsers , including Firefox .
If Firefox is already conforming with those standards , why would Google need Firefox users to have Chrome Frame ?
Shaver is concerned that Google could use Chrome Frame to push its own non-standard features or standards - based features that are n't widely implemented into Firefox and IE , thus creating the risk of Google lock - in by encouraging developers to code to features that are n't available elsewhere .
But Google already has a plugin for bringing non-standard Web features to Firefox : Gears .
Gears allows Google to prototype new Web features and make those features accessible in its own Web applications .
Google has largely used Gears as a proving ground for features that it wants to introduce as future Web standards .
Mozilla has done similar things , like offering plugins for its early implementation of WebGL , which was later moved natively into the browser as it gained multi-vendor support through the standards process .
It 's worth noting that Shaver is an enthusiastic supporter of Gears .
If Google wants to experimentally introduce new non-standard features in Firefox , it can continue doing so with Gears while using Chrome Frame to push those features into IE along with support for modern Web standards .
Mozilla has never objected to Gears even though it exhibits the same sort of problems as Chrome Frame , disrupting IE features such as Web Slices and Accelerators .
Ultimately , I do n't disagree with Mozilla 's underlying assertion that Chrome Frame breaks certain features of IE in ways that are undesirable .
But those issues could potentially be remedied to an extent that would make Chrome Frame a tolerable solution .
It 's possible to identify where breakage happens and make the user experience more seamless .
For example , one of the current problems is that Chrome Frame ignores the user 's accessibility font settings ; that 's fixable .
I also strongly agree with Mozilla 's assertion that the Web would be better off if we could encourage users to install a better browser rather than running a better renderer as a plugin .
I do n't think that the two approaches are mutually exclusive , however .
There is no reason why Google can't encourage people to upgrade while providing Chrome Frame as a solution for those few who can't or wo n't .
The plugin could even be helpful as a tool for gradually transitioning users to the full Chrome browser .
Browser vendors are all painfully aware of how plugins can degrade the user experience , so it 's understandable that Chrome Frame would face a lot of trepidation .
It 's certainly worthwhile for Mozilla to be bringing up these issues , and I hope ( and suspect ) that Google values the feedback .
Still , I 'm not convinced that the problems with Chrome Frame outweigh the fragmentation and deleterious effects that legacy versions of Internet Explorer continue to have on the market .
Are you ?
Further reading
SAN FRANCISCO  Electronic
Arts , the video game company , said it would lay off 1,500 workers and shrink its product lineup , even as it announced that it had acquired Playfish , a start - up that makes online games .
This year has been a difficult one for Electronic Arts and for the game industry as a whole because of the sharp drop in consumer spending .
The company , which makes popular games like the Madden , Rock Band and Sims series , has already made deep cuts in staff and its roster of games this year .
The company said the new job cuts were equivalent to 17 percent of its work force .
It plans to cut its staff and close several offices by March 31 .
In a conference call with analysts , executives did not say which game titles they would cut , but that games in the bottom third in sales were at risk and that some games in development would be canceled .
The cost - cutting plan would save at least $ 100 million this year , the company said .
Electronic Arts bought Playfish , which makes social network games like Pet Society and Restaurant City , for $ 275 million in cash and $ 25 million in equity .
Playfish could receive an additional $ 100 million if it performs well .
MTS Allstream is petitioning the CRTC to scrap an order that will allow Bell Canada to bill internet customers based on how much they download each month .
The Winnipeg - based company , which sells internet services to businesses across the country by renting parts of Bell 's network , says the so - called usage - based billing ( UBB ) ruling handed down last month was premature , given that a number of related issues are also being considered .
The Canadian Radio- television and Telecommunications Commission and the government are each mulling a number of cases , all of which will have significant repercussions on the gateway access service ( GAS ) that Bell rents to wholesale companies such as MTS , Teksavvy and Acanac , the company said .
Mulling issues
The CRTC is in the midst of : Determining whether additional rules are needed to ensure net neutrality , or preventing internet providers from interfering with traffic .
A review of the appropriateness of mandating certain wholesale high - speed internet access speeds .
An appeal from competitors and consumer groups on a ruling last year that allowed Bell to continue traffic - shaping practices .
Two appeals , one each from Bell and Telus , on an order issued last year that requires them to provide matching internet speeds to wholesale competitors .
The government is in the midst of : Mulling two appeals , one each from Bell and Telus , on the CRTC order requiring them to provide matching internet speeds .
Pondering an appeal from MTS on a CRTC " essential services " decision .
" There are no fewer than eight separate proceedings outstanding in which every aspect of Bell 's GAS service is under review .
In fact , the fundamental structure , classification , pricing and treatment of this service are the subject of each and every one of these proceedings , " MTS said in a filing to the CRTC on Friday .
" The issuance of the UBB order in the absence of a coherent regulatory framework at this juncture creates an unreasonable amount of uncertainty . "
The order , which will allow Bell to charge end customers for going over a set monthly download and upload allowance , is scheduled to take effect in November .
MTS says the CRTC erred in making a decision on UBB before resolving the other eight issues , as each of them will affect wholesale services .
MTS has requested an expedited hearing of its appeal , with interested parties having until Oct. 2 to file their comments .
The company wants the order rescinded and a maintenance of the status quo until the other eight issues are resolved .
The status quo should be acceptable to the CRTC , MTS said , because the regulator has refused to enforce its matching speeds order on Bell and Telus , which was made nine months ago .
" Certainly , preservation of the status quo would have no serious impact on Bell , whose delays in providing matching speeds , notwithstanding the commission 's repeated directives to this effect , suggests that the status quo is an acceptable state of affairs , " MTS said .
Bell spokeswoman Jacqueline Michelis said the CRTC 's order was the result of a well - considered decision .
" It 's only fair to treat us like the cable companies . "
MTS , along with a host of smaller internet providers , has launched an all - out offensive on the CRTC , Bell and Telus in recent weeks .
On Sept. 11 , the companies launched the Coalition for Competitive Broadband , a lobbying campaign designed to muster public support for MTS 's essential services appeal to the government .
MTS and Acanac last week also asked the Federal Court of Appeal to overturn the CRTC's UBB order .
Industry analysts have said a number of recent CRTC decisions have left MTS and the smaller providers fighting for their lives .
A new list of the world 's ugliest buildings proves the ROM's Michael Lee-Chin Crystal is just as controversial today as when it first opened more than two years ago .
The list , compiled by members and editors of www.VirtualTourist.com, places the Royal Ontario Museum 's add - on , the Crystal , at Number 8 .
The structure 's eyesore status is attributed to its incongruity with the original , classic - looking museum building .
The list draws a comparison between the Lee- Chin Crystal and I.M.
Pei's controversial pyramid - shaped entrance to the Louvre museum in Paris .
Torontonians should be relieved , however , that an American building once more takes the cake as the ugliest in this second instalment of the www.VirtualTourist.com list .
The now - defunct Morris A. Mechanic
Theater in Baltimore , Md. , tops the list , with the Zizkov TV Tower in Prague , Czech Republic , coming in a close second thanks to artist David Cerny 's sculptures of babies crawling up the sides of the tower .
The TV tower is followed by the Parliament Buildings in Wellington , New Zealand , the Centre Pompidou art museum in Paris , Melbourne 's Federation Square , the Petrobras Headquarters in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , and the Markel Building in Richmond , Va .
The National Library in Pristina , Kosovo , and the still - incomplete Ryugyong Hotel in Pyongyang , North Korea , follow the Lee - Chin Crystal in ninth and tenth place , respectively .
" Ugly buildings somehow manage to pop up in even the prettiest cities , " the website reads , as though trying to soften the blow .
" Many of these buildings do n't have the warmth of an ice cube while others do n't even seem completed , " writes Giampiero Ambrosi , general manager of www.VirtualTourist.com.
" Either way , they make for very interesting conversation . "
UNITED NATIONS -
When the U.N. children 's agency ( UNICEF ) commemorates the 20th anniversary of its landmark international treaty protecting the rights of children next week , there will be two countries skipping the celebrations : the United States and Somalia .
" It is embarrassing to find ourselves in the company of Somalia , a lawless land , " presidential candidate Barack Obama said last year during his election campaign .
The Convention on the Rights of the Child ( CRC ) , which was adopted unanimously by the United Nations back in 1989 , will be 20 years old on Nov. 20 .
Described as the world 's most rapidly and universally ratified human rights treaty , the Convention has been ratified by 193 states .
But the only two countries that have not ratified the treaty have nothing in common .
" Somalia is understandable , " Kul Gautam , a former U.N. assistant secretary - general and ex-UNICEF deputy executive director , told IPS .
It has been a failed state without an effective government for over two decades , he added .
" But the United States does have a functioning government , which claims to be a great champion of human rights in the world .
It baffles non-Americans , and even many Americans , as to why the U.S. is reluctant to ratify this Convention , " Gautam added .
When he was on the campaign trail last year , President Obama also said it is important that the United States return to its position as a respected global leader and promoter of human rights .
" I will review this and other treaties to ensure that the U.S. resumes its global leadership in human rights , " Obama vowed , before being elected president last November .
Meg Gardinier , chair of the Campaign for U.S. Ratification of the Convention on the Rights of the Child , told IPS that the United States extensively scrutinizes treaties before taking final steps toward ratification .
This careful review , necessary to ensure compliance with existing law and practice at the federal and state levels , can span decades .
" Concerns , frequently misdirected and misguided , have prevented the U.S. from endorsing a human rights doctrine its democratic principles have influenced , " she said .
" The political will required to ratify the CRC must be reinvigorated under President Obama who reminded us that : ' America has carried on because we the people have remained faithful to the ideals of our forebears and true to our founding documents , ' " she said .
" Our founding documents - namely the U.S. Constitution - shaped the [ CRC ] , the world 's most rapidly ratified human rights treaty , " she added .
The Convention recognises every child 's right to develop physically , mentally and socially to his or her fullest potential , to be protected from abuse , discrimination , exploitation and violence .
The treaty also gives children the right to express their views and to participate in decisions affecting their future , in accordance with the child 's evolving capacities .
Asked about the U.S. stance , Gautam told IPS that some opponents of the CRC in the United States have argued that ratification of the CRC would impose " all kinds of terrible obligations that maybe harmful to America and its children and families " .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
These , he said , range from " how possible U.N. interference might compromise the sovereignty of the U.S. and undermine its constitution ; to how the CRC might weaken American families and role of parents in bringing up their children . "
Additionally , the opponents have misinterpreted the CRC as possibly bringing about a culture of permissiveness , including abortion on demand , and unrestricted access to pornography ; and how it might empower children to sue their parents and disobey their guidance .
" Such concerns are not unique to America .
Many groups in other countries have expressed similar fears from time to time , " Gautam said .
" But we have now had 20 years of experience in over a hundred countries to judge if such concerns are justified , " he added .
In the United States , the ratification of the CRC , like all other international treaties , is in the hands of the Senate .
The former administration of President George W. Bush , which dismissed most international treaties with contempt , had no plans to lobby the Senate for the ratification of CRC .
An Asian diplomat told IPS that despite President Obama 's best intentions , he doubts whether CRC ratification will be a priority for a U.S. Senate currently preoccupied with two politically sensitive issues : health care and climate change .
" I was told that Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women ( CEDAW ) has a higher priority than the CRC , " he added .
CEDAW was adopted by the U.N. General Assembly in 1979 .
And the United States is the only country in the industrial world which has not ratified the 30 - year - old treaty which strives for a world without gender discrimination and protects the rights of women worldwide .
" It 's an irony , " said the diplomat , " that the CRC remained unratified by the United States despite the fact that UNICEF has always been headed by a U.S. national .
It obviously did not help . "
The United States signed the CRC in 1995 shortly after the former UNICEF Executive Director Jim Grant died .
It was his goal that there would be universal ratification of the CRC by 1995 .
At that time , Senator Jesse Helms , the right - wing neo-conservative head of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , announced that he would not accept any further treaties for U.S. ratification - and so the process toward U.S. ratification was halted .
At the U.N. Special Session in 2002 , a group of U.S. non-governmental organisations ( NGOs ) , dismayed at the dismissal of the CRC and its principles by some U.S. delegates , pledged to re-establish a Campaign for US Ratification of the Convention on the Rights of the Child .
Gautam said that at this historic juncture , the whole world is looking to President Obama and his administration with enormous hope and expectation of a renewed American leadership on many major issues facing humanity .
In the eyes of the rest of the world , he said , the failure of the U.S. to ratify the world 's most universally embraced human rights treaty , stands out as a strange enigma .
" Now that the Obama administration has committed itself to regain the lost American moral leadership in the world , and to follow a more multilateralist approach , child rights activists not just in America but all over the world , are hopeful that the US will finally ratify this important Convention , " he declared .
Asked how confident she was that the Obama administration will rectify the anomaly , Gardinier told IPS : " There is cautious optimism that the CRC will be ratified in the foreseeable future . "
She said plans are underway to secure ratification by 2011 .
( CNN ) --
The largest growing economic force in the world is n't the China or India -- it 's women .
The earning power of women globally is expected to reach $ 18 trillion by 2014 -- a $ 5 trillion rise for current income , according to World Bank estimates .
That is more than twice the estimated 2014 GDP of China and India combined .
For companies , the growing economic power of women would seem an obvious market to capture .
But according to a global study by the Boston Consulting Group , women feel at best underserved by companies , and at worst ignored .
" The current way companies appeal to women is to take a male product and paint it pink , " said Michael Silverstein , a partner at BCG and coauthor of " Women Want More , " a book based on the study results .
He points to Dell Computers ill - fated " Della " Web site launched in May .
Aimed at generating more interest with female consumers , " Della " was dropped after a backlash of criticism that the site was patronizing ( example from an article on the site : " You 'll find netbooks can do a lot more than check your e-mail . " )
" Women found it insulting , " he said .
For women , the worst offender is the financial services industry .
The BCG survey of 12,000 women in 40 regions around the world found that financial services -- such as providing ibanking , investment and insurance products and advice -- are worst at connecting with female consumers .
In doing so , the industries risk alienating the greatest growing spending bloc on the planet , Silverstein argues .
Whether in the workforce or not , women are increasingly the drivers of consumer spending .
Women globally control $ 20 trillion in annual consumer spending ; by 2014 that could climb to $ 28 trillion .
The economic story of burgeoning economies such as China is also the story of " factory girls , " young women who have found new spending power as a result of new economic opportunities .
Despite the financial crisis , domestic spending in the first nine months of this year was up 15 percent , driven in large part by women under the age of 35 , said Shaun Rein , managing director of China Market Research Group .
" Women are starting to make as much , if not more , than men , especially in third and fourth - tier cities , " Rein said .
Hidden in the bad news of unemployment in the most recent U.S. labor report was a historic statistic that underlines the growing importance of " womenonics " -- for the first time , the number of working women in the world 's largest market was virtually equal to the number of men .
By the end of the year , working women in the U.S. are expected to outnumber men .
That is not to say women have reached workplace parity in the U.S. -- women still earn only 77 cents for every dollar men do .
And the ranks of female CEOs are still thin .
" Most of the big companies are worked by men , for men , " Silverstein said .
" Only 38 or so of the top 400 companies are run by women . "
He recalls a meeting with the head of a large U.S. bank and the female head of investment banking .
" He was your classic bankers , in his 50s , being very dismissive of the ideas ( of capturing female consumers ) , " Silverstein said .
" She was practically banging her fists on the table .
Afterward he said , ' Back off baby , there are bigger fish to fry ' . "
The trouble for women -- be they working women seeking small loans or entrepreneurs trying to attract venture capital -- is a problem of access and information , said Teri Cavanaugh , head of strategy for the Global Banking Alliance for Women .
" Men in business have mentors ; women do n't , " she said .
" Women really want to have relationships with their bank , information and advice ... but banks are not geared that way . "
While women in developed markets bemoan disconnect with financial services , in the developing world financial programs aimed to lift families out of poverty are focused on women .
Microfinancing gives small , short - term loans almost exclusively to women , because studies show women are most likely to invest in the welfare of the family and -- importantly -- pay loans back on time .
" One of the most difficult things about being poor is that your income is lumpy , " says Sarah Mavrinac , a former INSEAD finance professor and president of Aidha , a Singapore group that aids immigrant workers .
" It 's $ 10 one day and then nothing for a while .
Microfinance helps ensure that food still appears on the table for the children when income dries up periodically . "
Even immigrant workers who have a steady income have trouble getting help from banks .
When Mavrinac approached banks to encourage savings accounts aimed at migrant workers , the banks were n't interested .
" They are n't interested in short - term savings or high transaction accounts , " she said .
Last year , cash remittances to home countries from migrant workers was more than $ 300 billion , according to the World Bank .
And even though they make on average less than men , the majority of the cash was from female workers .
" Banks are clearly missing out here , " Mavrinac said .
Major Hollywood movie studios have recently launched a public relations offensive against internet “ piracy ” of their movies and television programming , making their case before Congress , the FCC and even on " 60 Minutes . "
But much of what Hollywood calls “ piracy ” may actually be consumer demand going unmet by legitimate supply .
All too frequently , it is Hollywood ’s own stubborn unwillingness to give law - abiding customers what they want that drives many of them to search out unauthorized alternatives .
Consider Hollywood ’s attitude toward DVDs .
With billions sold , the DVD is the dominant consumer medium for accessing digital video .
Of course , many of the most popular movies on DVD are also available for downloading and viewing from unauthorized sources on the internet , a fact that is not likely to change .
Logic suggests that the best way to compete with these unauthorized alternatives is make the legitimate DVD alternative more attractive to customers , just as Apple ’s iTunes has been successfully doing with digital music .
Instead , Hollywood has been working overtime to make the DVD less attractive , less convenient and more expensive for law - abiding customers .
Consider three examples .
First , instead of catering to customers who want an inexpensive , convenient way to watch new DVD releases at home , Hollywood wants to force them to wait .
Three major motion picture studios have declared war on Redbox , the company that is behind the red , automated DVD rental kiosks popping up in front of Walmart , McDonald ’s and other retail destinations and around the country .
The price is right ( 99 cents per night ) and the locations convenient ( no separate trip to Blockbuster ) .
Yet the studios have attacked Redbox because they do not want to see 99 cent rentals for at least a month after a DVD goes on sale ( and many months after the movie was in theaters ) .
Copyright law does not give movie studios the power to delay DVD rentals , so these studios have resorted to pressuring wholesalers to cut off Redbox ’s supply , a tactic that has landed the studios in court .
The fight may be between Redbox and the studios , but the losers are consumers who may turn to unauthorized sources rather than wait patiently for movie studios to maximize their revenues .
Second , Hollywood has repeatedly attacked DVD owners ’ ability to copy their DVDs onto a home media server or portable video player .
Even the music industry admits that when customers buy CDs , they are entitled to copy them onto personal computers and iPods .
In contrast , Hollywood has steadfastly maintained that the same copying of DVDs is illegal .
As a result , companies that have tried to offer new ways to enjoy the DVDs you already own have been sued .
Real Networks , for example , wanted to build a DVD player with a hard drive in it , so that DVD owners could have a TiVo - like experience when browsing their movie libraries from any TV in the house .
Another company called Kaleidescape , already selling a luxury - oriented version of the same idea , is also under attack .
Once again , while the innovators are the ones being sued , it is the law - abiding customers who purchased DVDs who lose .
Hollywood ’s olive branch to these movie fans has been to offer a select few DVDs that bundle inferior “ digital copies ” together with the DVD feature .
Those half - hearted offerings will hardly satisfy the millions of customers who already have DVD libraries at home .
Finally , consider the plight of movie fans who want to use their DVDs to make creative videos to post on sites like YouTube .
Fans of Fox television ’s " Buffy the Vampire Slayer , " for example , have built an entire genre of smart , creative music videos around clips from the DVD releases .
Yet when noncommercial remix creators asked the U.S. Copyright Office to allow DVD ripping , the studios sent their lawyers to block the request .
Treating these fans like criminals alienates real customers , without making a dent on unauthorized internet infringement .
In fact , Hollywood ’s arguments would paradoxically make it more legal for a remix creator to download an unauthorized copy from the Internet than to copy a DVD she owns !
Hollywood would have you believe that those it calls “ pirates ” are simply digital shoplifters .
But until Hollywood stops treating legitimate DVD owners and renters like criminals , we wo n’t know how many so - called “ pirates ” would prefer to pay for movies and television programs , if only the movie studios would let them do so .
Watson shrugs off big - match nerves
In Watson , what they possess is a very accomplished batsman who can play anywhere in the order , who 's also more than capable as fourth or fifth bowler
The City of Earthly Delights
Acrylic on Canvas
40 " X 48 "
Heaven , Hell and the Earth
Acrylic on Canvas
40 " X 48 "
Burning in Hell
Acrylic on Canvas
40 " X 48 "
Ascending to Heaven
Acrylic on Canvas
40 " X 48 "
An artistic interpretation of the events that transpired on September 11th 2001
Heaven Hell and the Earth
Seminar : From lockdown to recovery -
South Africa ’s economic outlook
The economy can be revived , but does the
country have what it will take to achieve change ?
Blogging from 2006 - 16 on : Political Economies ; International Relations ; Environmental Sustainability ; Business & Management ; Culture & Literature ; Equestrian & Outdoor Pursuits ; The Way We Live Now .
If you want a friend , get a Blog !
Currently Mooc and Google + Enthusiast .
Researchers at the California Institute of Technology ( Caltech ) have created a nanoscale crystal device that , for the first time , allows scientists to confine both light and sound vibrations in the same tiny space .
" This is a whole new concept , " notes Oskar Painter , associate professor of applied physics at Caltech .
Painter is the principal investigator on the paper describing the work , which was published this week in the online edition of the journal Nature .
" People have known how to manipulate light , and they 've known how to manipulate sound .
But they had n't realized that we can manipulate both at the same time , and that the waves will interact very strongly within this single structure . "
Indeed , Painter points out , the interactions between sound and light in this device -- dubbed an optomechanical crystal -- can result in mechanical vibrations with frequencies as high as tens of gigahertz , or 10 billion cycles per second .
Being able to achieve such frequencies , he explains , gives these devices the ability to send large amounts of information , and opens up a wide array of potential applications -- everything from lightwave communication systems to biosensors capable of detecting ( or weighing ) a single macromolecule .
It could also , Painter says , be used as a research tool by scientists studying nanomechanics .
" These structures would give a mass sensitivity that would rival conventional nanoelectromechanical systems because light in these structures is more sensitive to motion than a conventional electrical system is . "
" And all of this , " he adds , " can be done on a silicon microchip . "
Optomechanical crystals focus on the most basic units -- or quanta -- of light and sound .
( These are called photons and phonons , respectively . )
As Painter notes , there has been a rich history of research into both photonic and phononic crystals , which use tiny energy traps called bandgaps to capture quanta of light or sound within their structures .
What had n't been done before was to put those two types of crystals together and see what they are capable of doing .
That is what the Caltech team has done .
advertisement
" We now have the ability to manipulate sound and light in the same nanoplatform , and are able to interconvert energy between the two systems , " says Painter .
" And we can engineer these in nearly limitless ways . "
The volume in which the light and sound are simultaneously confined is more than 100,000 times smaller than that of a human cell , notes Caltech graduate student Matt Eichenfield , the paper 's first author .
" This does two things , " he says .
" First , the interactions of the light and sound get stronger as the volume to which they are confined decreases .
Second , the amount of mass that has to move to create the sound wave gets smaller as the volume decreases .
We made the volume in which the light and sound live so small that the mass that vibrates to make the sound is about ten times less than a trillionth of a gram . "
Eichenfield points out that , in addition to measuring high - frequency sound waves , the team demonstrated that it 's actually possible to produce these waves using only light .
" We can now convert light waves into microwave - frequency sound waves on the surface of a silicon microchip , " he says .
These sound waves , he adds , are analogous to the light waves of a laser .
" The way we have designed the system makes it possible to use these sound waves by routing them around on the chip , and making them interact with other on - chip systems .
And , of course , we can then detect all these interactions again by using the light .
Essentially , optomechanical crystals provide a whole new on - chip architecture in which light can generate , interact with , and detect high - frequency sound waves . "
These optomechanical crystals were created as an offshoot of previous work done by Painter and colleagues on a nanoscale " zipper cavity , " in which the mechanical properties of light and its interactions with motion were strengthened and enhanced .
advertisement
Like the zipper cavity , optomechanical crystals trap light ; the difference is that the crystals trap -- and intensify -- sound waves , as well .
Similarly , while the zipper cavities worked by funneling the light into the gap between two nanobeams -- allowing the researchers to detect the beams ' motion relative to one another -- optomechanical crystals work on an even tinier scale , trapping both light and sound within a single nanobeam .
" Here we can actually see very small vibrations of sound trapped well inside a single ' string , ' using the light trapped inside that string , " says Eichenfield .
" Importantly , although the method of sensing the motion is very different , we did n't lose the exquisite sensitivity to motion that the zipper had .
We were able to keep the sensitivity to motion high while making another huge leap down in mass . "
" As a technology , optomechanical crystals provide a platform on which to create planar circuits of sound and light , " says Kerry Vahala , the Ted and Ginger Jenkins Professor of Information Science and Technology and professor of applied physics , and coauthor on the Nature paper .
" These circuits can include an array of functions for generation , detection , and control .
Moreover , " he says , " optomechanical crystal structures are fabricated using materials and tools that are similar to those found in the semiconductor and photonics industries .
Collectively , this means that phonons have joined photons and electrons as possible ways to manipulate and process information on a chip . "
And these information - processing possibilities are well within reach , notes Painter .
" It 's not one plus one equals two , but one plus one equals ten in terms of what you can do with these things .
All of these applications are much closer than they were before . "
" This novel approach to bringing both light and sound together and letting them play off of each other exemplifies the forward - thinking work being done by the Engineering and Applied Science ( EAS ) division , " says Ares Rosakis , chair of EAS and Theodore von Kármán Professor of Aeronautics and Mechanical Engineering at Caltech .
Other authors on the Nature paper , " Optomechanical crystals , " include Caltech graduate student Jasper Chan and postdoctoral scholar Ryan Camacho .
Funding for their work was provided by a Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency seed grant and by grants from the National Science Foundation .
Archivos Improcedentes
Por Kate Doyle
Washington , D.C. , 20 Agosto 2009 - Mientras los mexicanos debaten sobre el dictamen de la Suprema Corte la semana pasada , que anula la condena de 20 hombres por la masacre de Acteal , documentos recién desclasificados de la Agencia de Inteligencia de la Defensa ( DIA según sus siglas en inglés ) de EU describen el papel del Ejército en el apoyo a los grupos paramilitares en Chiapas , al momento de los asesinatos .
Los cables secretos confirman los reportes sobre el apoyo militar a los grupos indígenas armados que llevaron a cabo ataques contra comunidades pro zapatistas de la región y añaden importantes detalles nuevos .
También reviven un asunto que ha estado latente por casi 12 años : ¿cuándo dirá la Sedena la verdad sobre su papel en Acteal ?
Desde el ataque brutal del 22 de diciembre de 1997 , el gobierno mexicano ha ofrecido múltiples versiones acerca de la participación militar en la zona conflictiva de Chiapas alrededor de Acteal .
El problema es que los relatos han sido o incompletos o falsos .
Lo más importante sobre los documentos de la DIA contradice directamente la historia oficial sobre la masacre relatada por el gobierno del entonces presidente , Ernesto Zedillo .
En el reporte emitido por el procurador general Jorge Madrazo en 1998 , el denominado Libro Blanco sobre Acteal , el gobierno afirmó que “ la Procuraduría de la República ha documentado la existencia de grupos civiles armados en el municipio de Chenalhó , no organizados , articulados , entrenados ni financiados por el Ejército Mexicano ni por otras instancias gubernamentales , sino que su gestación y organización responde a una lógica interna determinada por la confrontación , entre las comunidades y dentro de las comunidades , con las bases de apoyo zapatistas . ” ( pág. 32 , énfasis agregado ) .
Pero en un telegrama enviado a la sede de la DIA en Washington el 4 de mayo de 1999 , la Oficina del Agregado de Defensa de Estados Unidos en México señala el “ apoyo directo ” del Ejército a grupos armados en las áreas montañosas de Chiapas , donde tuvieron lugar las matanzas .
El documento describe una red clandestina de “ equipos humanos de inteligencia ” creados a mediados de 1994 con la aprobación del entonces presidente , Carlos Salinas , que trabajaban dentro de las comunidades indígenas para recabar información de inteligencia de los “ simpatizantes ” zapatistas .
A fin de promover a los grupos armados anti zapatistas , los equipos daban “ entrenamiento y protección contra los arrestos por parte de las agencias del cumplimiento de la ley y unidades militares que patrullan la región ” .
Aunque el cable fue escrito en 1999 , el agregado tuvo cuidado en señalar que los oficiales de inteligencia del ejército estaban supervisando a los grupos armados en diciembre de 1997 .
El documento ofrece detalles nunca antes mencionados en las numerosas declaraciones del ejército mexicano posteriores al ataque .
Los equipos de inteligencia humana , explica la Oficina del Agregado de Defensa , “ estaban compuestos primordialmente por oficiales jóvenes con rango de capitán segundo y primero , al igual que por algunos sargentos selectos que hablaban los dialectos de la región .
Los equipos
Humint estaban compuestos por entre tres y cuatro personas , a quienes se les asignaba a cubrir comunidades selectas por un periodo de tres o cuatro meses .
Después de tres meses , los oficiales pertenecientes a los equipos eran rotados a una comunidad diferente en Chiapas .
La preocupación por la seguridad de los equipos era la razón más importante para la rotación de éstos cada tres meses ” .
La Agencia de Inteligencia de Defensa dio a conocer los documentos al Archivo Nacional de Seguridad en 2008 , en respuesta a un pedido bajo la Ley de Libertad de Información .
( Una apelación para obtener información adicional todavía está pendiente . )
La información fue compilada por los representantes de la agencia en México , funcionarios del agregado de defensa cuya tarea principal es recabar inteligencia sobre las fuerzas armadas mexicanas y enviarla a la sede en Washington para su análisis .
Este análisis es utilizado luego por el gobierno a fin de ayudar a elaborar políticas de seguridad nacional en México .
La agencia es los ojos y oídos del secretario de defensa de EU en el exterior : piense en ella como en la CIA del Pentágono .
Así , la “ lógica interna ” resulta ser de la Sedena , en la forma de una estrategia de contrainsurgencia cuidadosamente planeada que combinó programas de acción cívica — frecuentemente anunciados por la Secretaría de Defensa en declaraciones a la prensa — con operaciones de inteligencia secreta diseñadas para fortalecer a los paramilitares y provocar el conflicto en contra de los partidarios del EZLN .
En los casi 12 años que han transcurrido desde la masacre , grupos de derechos humanos , periodistas e investigadores han podido desenterrar un puñado de hechos verdaderos sobre la matanza en Acteal , pero sin la ayuda de la transparencia oficial .
Los pedidos de información gubernamental hechos a través de InfoMex - - tales como el presentado por el Archivo Nacional de Seguridad el año pasado - - sólo encontraron silencio .
La PGR envía al solicitante a la biblioteca para que encuentre su reporte de 1998 .
Gobernación responde con una copia del comunicado público que emitió la agencia cinco días después de la masacre que resume las “ Acciones Emprendidas ” en el caso Acteal .
El centro de inteligencia del país responde que no tiene control sobre lo que deben ser archivos militares y , por consiguiente , no tiene documentos .
¿Y Sedena ?
“ Después de haber realizado una minuciosa búsqueda en los archivos de esta Secretaría , ” escribe la institución al Archivo Nacional de Seguridad , énfasis agregado , “ no se localizó la información que solicita . ”
Tal vez todavía más inquietante que la supuesta inexistencia de documentos en la Sedena es la respuesta de la Presidencia a las solicitudes sobre Acteal .
La oficina del presidente Felipe Calderón le informó a esta solicitante que buscara en los Archivos Presidenciales del Archivo General de la Nación , los documentos relevantes a la masacre .
Así lo hicimos .
Encontramos muchos .
Todos estaban ubicados en la sección “ Archivo Improcedente ” , donde cartas , telegramas y otras formas de denuncias de los ciudadanos mexicanos han languidecido por años sin recibir respuesta .
Las comunicaciones que llegaron después del 22 de diciembre de 1997 , procedentes de todos los estados de México , al igual que de los grupos internacionales de derechos humanos y de instituciones académicas , contienen expresiones de enojo , desesperación y condena al ataque .
También incluyen acusaciones específicas hechas por los residentes de Chiapas sobre incidentes de violencia , cortes de energía y despojo de tierras : todos indicios para que el gobierno iniciara una mayor investigación sobre el conflicto que estaba destruyendo a la región .
Los clamores de atención enviados al más alto mando no recibieron respuesta .
Fueron rutinariamente archivados en los archivos improcedentes y pueden ser revisados en el presente por cualquier investigador que tenga interés en realizar búsquedas en el Archivo General de la Nación .
Hasta que la administración actual decida honrar su obligación de informar a sus ciudadanos sobre la verdad de la masacre de 1997 , el clamor del pueblo por los hechos permanecerá perdido en los archivos improcedentes .
Y a nosotros sólo nos queda recurrir a los gringos en busca de información sobre el ejército mexicano y Acteal .
* Analista y directora del Proyecto México en el Archivo de Seguridad Nacional ( sitio web : www.nsarchive.org), con sede en Washington .
Read the Documents
Document 1
December 31 , 1997
Mexican Military Presence Increases Following the Massacre in Chiapas
Defense Intelligence Agency , secret intelligence information report
In this heavily redacted cable sent to DIA headquarters in Washington on December 31 , 1997 , the U.S. Defense Attaché Office in Mexico describes the deployment of troops by the Mexican military to the conflict zones of Chiapas .
Citing secret and open source accounts , the document indicates that President Ernesto Zedillo committed thousands of new troops to the region following the December 22 massacre of 45 Tzotzil Indian men , women and children , with other units “ placed on alert to assist in the event of an uprising . ”
Source : Released to National Security Archive under the Freedom of Information Act
FOIA Request No. 38,435 , released February 2008
Under appeal
Document 2
May 4 , 1999
Military Involvement with Chiapas Paramilitary Groups
Defense Intelligence Agency , secret intelligence information report
In a telegram sent to DIA headquarters in Washington on May 4 , 1999 , the U.S. Defense Attaché Office in Mexico points to “ direct support ” by the Army to armed groups in the highland areas of Chiapas , where the Acteal killings took place .
The document describes a clandestine network of “ human intelligence teams , ” created in mid-1994 with approval from then - President Carlos Salinas , working inside Indian communities to gather intelligence information on Zapatista “ sympathizers . ”
Source : Released to National Security Archive under the Freedom of Information Act
FOIA Request No. 38,435 , released February 2008
Under appeal
The occasion was the announced formation of the Arthur Kill Watershed Alliance , whose goal is to fight a proposed 750 - megawatt coal power plant in Linden .
And the alliance ’s target was a technology intended to capture tons of carbon and keep it out of the atmosphere , a technology viewed by other environmentalists as not just promising but essential for combating climate change .
It ’s way too early to know whether the PurGen carbon capture and sequestration plant , which is proposed for a former DuPont site , will perform as advertised .
As proposed , the plant would capture 90 percent of its carbon emissions , liquefy the carbon dioxide and push it 70 miles through an offshore pipeline under Raritan Bay to ocean rock structures off Atlantic City .
Critics say the plant would use unproven and untested technology and could lead to degraded air quality and perhaps a catastrophic underwater pipeline rupture .
Still , the missiles lobbed in its direction are a reminder that some of the biggest hurdles to dealing with global warming could be the tactics environmentalists have perfected over the years to stop projects  toxic and sometimes not so toxic  they did n’t like .
“ One of the difficult challenges that climate change presents is that environmental groups are very good at opposing projects , and not very good at making compromises in supporting projects , ” said Bradley M. Campbell , a former commissioner of the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection who is representing the proposal by a Massachusetts firm , SCS Energy , to build the plant .
“ We need to get beyond the mind - set that there ’s a perfect alternative if we ever hope to avoid the worst impacts of climate change . ”
Carbon capture technology is n’t new .
For 13 years , a Norwegian oil company has been injecting one million metric tons of carbon dioxide per year into a sandstone reservoir beneath the North Sea between Scotland and Norway .
An ambitious goal for the technology could be 10 billion metric tons a year .
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - U.S. researchers have engineered an enzyme that can gobble up scar tissue formed after spinal cord injuries in rats , overcoming a key hurdle to getting injured nerves to reconnect and heal .
Spinal cord injuries trigger a cascade of events in the body that block the growth of nerve cells after a spinal cord injury .
“ One of the major impediments has been this scar tissue that has formed , ” said Ravi Bellamkonda , a biomedical engineering professor at Georgia Institute of Technology Research and at Emory University , whose study appears in Tuesday ’s issue of the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
He said sugar proteins found near the scar tissue inhibit nerve fiber regeneration , and eliminating scar tissue is an essential step toward getting nerve fibers to grow back .
Other teams have shown that delivering an enzyme from bacteria that digests scar tissue may help .
“ The problem has been this enzyme is really sensitive and degrades very fast , ” Bellamkonda said in a telephone interview .
He said the enzyme , chondroitinase ABC ( chABC ) , is heat sensitive and must be repeatedly injected or infused into the body to work .
Bellamkonda ’s team found a way to overcome both of those issues .
They mixed the enzyme with a sugar called trehalose that made it stable at internal body temperature .
And instead of injecting the enzyme into the spinal cord , they put it into tiny hollow straws just twice the length of a single cell .
They inject these at the injury site in a special gel that keeps the straws in place .
Bellamkonda ’s team tested the system in rats and found the enzyme prevented scar tissue formation for up to six weeks .
“ The goal is that at the time the surgeon is removing the offending ( vertebrae ) bone after the injury you would inject this gel to sit on top of the injury site and prevent whatever new scar is forming , ” he said .
Because the straw tubes are hollow , the team was also able to deliver growth factors to the injury site .
Rats that got this treatment sprouted new axons or nerve fibers and regained some nerve function .
Although the chABC enzyme used by the team came from bacteria , Bellamkonda said Acorda Therapeutics is working on a human version .
Bellamkonda said many other approaches will be needed to repair spinal cord injuries in humans , including controlling inflammation , which can cause additional injury , stimulating nerve fiber growth and getting nerves to reconnect and communicate with the brain .
“ It ’s a really daunting problem to solve , ” he said .
“ The key is we ’ve opened a little window at least to make it clinically viable system , ” he said .
WASHINGTON -- The NFL is OK with the Washington Redskins ' preventing fans from bringing any signs to home games .
League spokesman Greg Aiello called it " a team and stadium matter " in an e-mail to The Associated Press on Thursday .
Redskins COO
David Donovan said during a radio appearance on 106.7
The Fan this week that spectators can't carry signs or banners into the stadium .
He said the new ban is for fan security and comfort .
The policy coincides with an increase of signs critical of owner Dan Snyder and front office chief Vinny Cerrato during Washington 's 2 - 5 start .
Aiello wrote that NFL teams are responsible for preventing the display of signs that obstruct sightlines or " which are inflammatory , derogatory or generally in bad taste . "
Mr Edelman led young Jews who battled the Nazis in Warsaw in 1943
The last surviving leader of the 1943 Warsaw ghetto uprising against the Nazis , Marek Edelman , has died at the age of 90 .
The uprising - triggered by the Nazis ' decision to send residents to concentration camps - lasted three weeks before it was crushed .
Mr Edelman , then 23 , was one of 200 young Jews who fought German troops .
His friend , Paula Sawicka , told the Associated Press that he died " at home , among friends " .
Former Polish Foreign Minister Wladyslaw Bartoszewski paid tribute to him .
" He reached a good age .
He left as a contented man even if he was always aware of the tragedy he went through , " he told the Gazeta Wyborcza paper .
" I do n't want to say he was irreplaceable , nobody is , but there are few people like Marek Edelman . "
Pitched battle
For nearly a month in the spring of 1943 a group of young Jews , armed with pistols and home - made bombs , held off the German army before the ghetto was razed to the ground .
Jewish residents fought for nearly a month before the uprising was crushed
By that time the Nazis had sent 300,000 Jewish residents of the ghetto to the gas chambers at the Treblinka death camp .
The first clashes occurred at the start of 1943 as residents took up arms to prevent more Jews being sent to the camp .
The full - scale uprising began in April in response to Nazi plans to wipe out the 60,000 remaining inhabitants .
Thousands of Jews died in the fighting as Nazi troops resorted to explosives to destroy the ghetto - created by the German occupiers in 1940 .
More than 55,000 people were then killed or deported to concentration camps when the uprising failed .
Mr Edelman escaped and helped coordinate anti-Nazi resistance .
After the war he became a doctor and joined Poland 's democratic opposition , speaking out against racism and on human rights .
" He will remain in my memory as a fighting hero , a man of great courage , " Former Israeli ambassador to Poland Shevach Weiss said .
" He never ceased in his struggle for human freedom and for Poland 's freedom . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
These , however , are the usual political lies .
The Dish version - showing a clinical willingness to tell lies even when they are demonstrably untrue according to basic empirical evidence - is here .
She 's so dishonest she has lost track of what honesty could possibly mean .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Belgian Energy and Climate Minister Paul Magnette announced that the governement would not begin phasing out its nuclear program in 2015 , as set out in a 2003 law .
" The government has decided to delay by 10 years the first stage of phasing out nuclear power , " he said in a statement released late on Monday .
Three of the country 's seven reactors were to due to cease operations six years from now , but a report by the " group of experts on the energy mix " ( GEMIX ) said to close them on schedule would create an energy supply shortfall .
Some 55 percent of Belgium 's power is nuclear generated and the country is not yet in a position to fill the gap with renewables .
Speaking about the new plans earlier this month , Magnette said they would " guarantee security of supply , limit the production of carbon dioxide and allow us to maintain prices that protect consumer purchaising power . "
At a price
Is this the future of energy supply ?
In his statement , Magnette said the deal meant Electrabel -- the Belgian arm of French utiltiy GDF Suez -- which is the main nuclear producer in the country , would pay the government between 215 and 245 million euros annually until 2014 .
The exact sum , he said , would depend on production costs and market prices .
The energy ministry said that Electrabel would also be expected to invest 500 million Euros in renewables and to make a commitment to generate 10,000 new jobs before 2015 .
GDF
Suez described the decision as constructive and said it was willing to finanalize negotiations as soon as possible .
Germany 's nuclear woes
The nuclear debate has featured prominently in talks between Germany 's new coalition partners .
Both Chancellor Angela Merkel 's Christian Democrats ( CDU ) and the liberal Free Democrats ( FDP ) have said they would like to extend the operational lives of Germany 's nuclear power stations .
As it stands , eight of the country 's 17 reactors are due to be closed down by 2018 , with a full phase - out scheduled for 2020 .
Nuclear power ?
No thank you , is the view taken by many Germans
But as with Belgium , there are concerns that the timetable is too tight .
Both the CDU and the FDP say it does n't make sense to stick to the plans unless there are alternative energy sources in place to make up for the deficit .
Such arguments , however , do little to assuage public fears over the safety of Germany 's nuclear business .
Earlier this year , an older plant in northern Germany sparked anger when it broke down just days after re-opening following a two - year closure .
The nation 's resistance towards nuclear fuel was further compounded a few weeks later , when it came to light that Helmut Kohl 's administration had held back information advising against the use of Gorleben as a permanent storage site for nuclear waste .
tkw / reuters/AFP
Editor : Trinity Hartman
The " GDP Fraud "
If GDP is telling us that the US economy is steadily improving , how come so many folks on Main Street feel so bad ?
Do n’t they read the papers ?
Do n’t they know the GDP is improving ?
The short answer to these questions is that the GDP calculation is a fraud …or perhaps it ’s a fraud wrapped in a deception .
To understand why the GDP numbers could be so good when the economy all around looks so bad , it is necessary to understand a few pertinent details of the GDP calculation .
It is necessary to see just what meat and meat by - products go into this economic sausage .
For one thing , GDP includes government spending … but does not SUBTRACT any of the borrowing the government does to fund its spending .
And obviously , government spending is in no way a reflection of private sector economic activity .
Therefore , as Frank Shostak , an adjunct scholar of the Mises Institute , observes , “ The GDP framework gives the impression that it is not the activities of individuals that produce goods and services , but something else outside these activities called the ‘ economy . ’
However , at no stage does the so - called ‘ economy ’ have a life of its own , independent of individuals .
The so - called economy is a metaphor – it does n’t exist . ”
Convention tells us that the GDP framework is , more or less , a tool used to measure the size and health of this “ metaphor ” … ahem , the “ economy . ”
Most often , we hear it expressed as a rate of growth – either positive or negative .
And it is this widely followed number that determines when economic expansions end and recessions begin ( two consecutive quarters of “ negative growth . ” ) .
But GDP as a measurement is really just hogwash .
It can no more calculate the health of an economy than it can tell you the time or give you a back massage .
Let us consider briefly the computation of the GDP measure .
There are three main ways to calculate GDP :
1 ) The expenditure method
2 ) The income method and
3 ) The value - added method .
Theoretically , all three methods should produce the same result although , in practice , this almost never happens .
For instance , when there is a large surge in public spending , as we have seen recently with the torrent of stimulus packages from governments around the world , the GDP “ growth ” registers most prominently in the expenditure method .
Roughly speaking , this method calculates the “ size ” of an economy by totaling its expenditures , minus imports .
It is also the most common method employed to determine GDP .
The equation looks like this :
GDP = private consumption + gross investment + government spending + ( exports − imports ) .
To understand just how misleading the expenditure method can be , let us consider briefly the case of the Australian economy .
It is widely accepted that the Aussies , under the deft stewardship of Prime Minister Kevin Rudd , had avoided entering a technical recession during the crisis from which we are now said to be “ recovering . ”
It ’s a nice story … except that it is a lie or , at best , a “ one - third truth . ”
Australia DID unquestionably fall into recession .
It ’s just a matter of definitions .
Like their American counterparts , Australian politicians pushed through a series of emergency stimulus packages , now credited with having helped the country avoid recession .
Dr. Steven Kates , who lectures on economics at RMIT University in Melbourne , provided a rare dose of clarity in a recent article , published in The Australian .
Dr. Kates concludes that by both the income and value - added measures , Australia comfortably satisfied the criteria for a technical recession .
“ The income series … indicates a pretty minimal year all round , ” Dr. Kates explains .
“ Both the September and December 2008 quarters showed an actual fall in the level of output , the very definition of a technical recession .
Over the year , the level of GDP has fallen 0.4 per cent , by no means as bad as elsewhere , but more in keeping with the general experience across the economy .
“ The third measure shows the changes in GDP according to the production - based data , ” Kates continues .
“ Here , too , [ in the value added , or , production series ] we have the ingredients for a technical recession , with an actual reduction in the level of output in both December 2008 and March 2009 .
Across the year , GDP has fallen by 0.7 per cent .
“ While the stimulus package appears to have been able to distort one of the three sets of national accounting measures we use , ” Dr. Kates concluded , “ beneath it all the Australian economy , in keeping with the rest of the developed world , has gone through a recessionary phase from which it is only now beginning to emerge . ”
Therefore , the only way the Australian government could claim that it had “ avoided ” a recession was by utilizing the expenditure method , or by averaging all three measures of GDP together .
Here we see that unprecedented government stimulus spending propped up the expenditure metric , much like a steroid injection might help prop up a cheating athlete .
Not only is stimulus spending an unsustainable and deceptive scam , measuring it as a “ + ” under the expenditure GDP calculation separates further the reality individuals experience from the fantasy their governments serve up to them .
As the Australian example shows , this methodology simply ignores the fact that government spending is not true production at all because it is debt financed .
Government spending , therefore , should really only be government spending , LESS government borrowing .
You see how misleading this measurement can be , especially when huge sums of debt - financed stimulus must be taken into account .
Sound familiar ?
Murray Rothbard , the legendary Austrian economist , elaborated further when he proposed his alternative measures : Gross Private Product ( GPP ) and Private Product Remaining ( PPR ) .
Rothbard defines the former as “ gross national product less income originating in government and government enterprises . ”
PPR is GPP less the higher of government expenditures and tax revenues plus interest received .
Rothbard argues that because government output is “ financed coercively ” ( i.e. , by taxation ) , it is unclear what – if any – market value may be ascribed to the end product .
Simply put , both measures place government “ production ” where it belongs : in the “ opportunity cost ” pile .
If free market participants did not deem it worth their while to buy something in the first place , why should it be considered a net positive when the government uses their money ( or China ’s ) to buy it on their behalf ?
This case may be brought against the “ cash for clunkers ” program , the $ 8,000 credit for homebuyers and impending “ cash for anything ” programs currently finding their way through the special - interest - greased halls of Congress as we write .
Indeed , the entire bailout and stimulus programs fall squarely into the opportunity cost pile .
But that ’s not how those trillions are calculated using conventional GDP metrics .
Measure it how you will , dear reader ; true economic progress is forged not in the crucibles of debt or coercion , but from the honest toil of individuals seeking to better their own lot , unhindered from the government ’s long , strangulating reach .
No nation can spend its way out of recession … no matter what the official GDP numbers may imply .
Regards ,
Joel Bowman ,
for The Daily Reckoning
For once , we rejoice in the small - mindedness of Europe 's leaders .
When they eventually come to select the luminary who will chair the European Council of presidents and prime ministers – and this may not happen until December – they would do us all a favour if they spurned Mr Blair .
Instead , they should choose some harmless , plodding nonentity like Belgium 's prime minister , Herman van Rompuy .
The case against Mr Blair is twofold : as our prime minister , he broke his promise to hold a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty , which creates the very post he apparently aspires to hold .
This was a denial of the nation 's right to choose whether to cede more sovereignty to the European Union , and the most flagrant breach of faith committed by any British prime minister in recent memory .
The so - called triumph of libertarianism in the 1980s and 1990s was , of course , no such thing .
Swollen military budgets , the vicious war on drugs , the propping up of dictatorships and oil monopolists -- these dominant features of the late 20th century had little to do with real libertarianism ( which has always been antiwar , not just pro-market ) .
But in order to finance such government excess , real public services and the social safety net were deviously attacked ( by Reaganites and Thatcherites ) using sound bites of libertarian rhetoric .
The resultant and current New World Disorder or " globalization " can hardly be called a ringing victory for any coherent academic paradigm or political movement .
Rather , it is an ugly grafting of libertarian theories of privatization onto the realities of imperial militarism .
Our brave new world is perhaps a victory and a success for oil monopolists , global polluters , phony free traders , and other multinational financial interests -- but it is an ever - worsening defeat and failure for billions of ordinary people around the world , as well as for other species , ecosystems , and Mother Earth as a whole .
George 's contemporary and anarchist rival , Benjamin R. Tucker ( 1854-1939 ) of Boston and New York , editor of the journal Liberty from 1881 to 1908 , had a somewhat similar vision of the free and fair society -- the abolition of all monopolies and of the state as an oppressive power .
Tucker was a self - proclaimed disciple of Pierre - Joseph Proudhon , the great French anarchist and socialist rival of Karl Marx .
Following up Proudhon 's declaration " Property is theft , " Tucker declared that " there are at bottom but two classes , -- the Socialists and the Thieves .
Socialism , practically , is war upon usury in all its forms , the great Anti-Theft Movement of the nineteenth century " ( Liberty May 17 , 1884 ; Instead of a Book 1893:362 ) .
Tucker took Proudhon 's mutualist anarchism , including his Bank of the People , into a characteristically American direction , synthesizing European socialism with frontier - style individual sovereignty .
Similarly , George prefaced Progress and Poverty with his own mission of synthesis : " ... to unite the truth perceived by the school of Smith and Ricardo to the truth perceived by the schools of Proudhon and Lasalle ; to show that laissez faire ( in its full true meaning ) opens the way to a realization of the noble dreams of socialism . " ( p. xxx ) .
In this , Tucker and George , the Anarchist and the Single Taxer , were in agreement -- their respective positions can be seen as variations of libertarian socialism or , to borrow a label from Peter Valentyne and Hillel Steiner , Left - Libertarianism .
Progress and Poverty
As I see it , while taking a more radical political path , Tucker 's attention to the problem of exploitation of labor by " usury , " especially interest on capital , as well as his critique of the state itself , complements George 's analysis of economic rent and land monopoly .
It was Mildred Loomis who brought this to my attention , and introduced me to Tucker 's last direct " disciple , " Laurance Labadie , before he died in 1975 .
Let me suggest , as Loomis did , such a synthesis of Tucker and George .
Real wealth deteriorates and ( with the exception of " collectibles " ) depreciates over time .
In the face of this fact , and in the absence of state - supported monopoly claims ( to landed property , information and laws of nature , absentee corporate ownership , and the creation of money ) that otherwise would offset it , there would be economic pressure to loan wealth at low or no interest .
If the value of real wealth and services could be monetized by the labor that creates them , via socially responsible " Mutual Banks , " and if land belonged to the community , with land tenure based on the payment of the economic rent ( George ) or conditional upon personal occupancy - and - use ( Proudhon and Tucker ) , then the accumulation of vast amounts of surplus wealth would be discouraged by its own maintenance costs and therefore sold off or loaned at cost ( not interest ) -- capital would be redistributed back to labor , in effect , via free and fair market transactions .
In the absence of monopoly privileges , the role of time in the production of wealth is offset , balanced , or canceled out by the role of time in the deterioration of wealth , which eventually returns all wealth back to the land .
Like rent , interest is the offspring of state - supported monopoly privilege , not of liberty or community .
George wanted to use democratic means to simplify and purify government of all oppressive features , making it " merely the agency by which the common property was administered for the common benefit ' ....
Georgists , in my opinion , need to see beyond George 's 19th - century categories and terminology .
We need to see that economic systems do not exist outside of larger sociopolitical systems .
Can we really say that rent is " natural " ?
There are societies in which the practice of sharing access to land was the custom , and rent did not exist .
Rent is a relationship , not an essence or a thing .
Rent relationships arise when societies create and observe certain customs and laws regarding exclusive land tenure .
World War I stopped the land - value tax legislation that had been put before the British parliament .
The war enabled Lenin to take possession of the new Russian republic , derailing Karensky 's intentions to institute single - tax - style reform as once championed by Leo Tolstoy , and leading ultimately to the rise of Stalin .
The political reaction to the triumph of Marxist - Leninism derailed Sun Yat - Sen , who had been in favor of Single Tax and other democratic reforms in China .
It unleashed a new Red Scare in the United States , in which the government persecuted and deported many radicals while it intimidated the ranks of moderate socialists and reformers that included many Single Taxers .
And it led to the rise of fascism on the one hand , and totalitarian communism on the other , in Asia as well as Europe , setting the stage for World War II .
The ultimate implications of globalization - which is nothing but the final privatization of the planetary commons - is that we can no longer afford to treat land ( including the water supply , the gene pool , the electromagnetic spectrum ) as a commodity .
The land belongs equally to all , even if not especially to those without financial power who cannot afford to pay a rent or a tax for it .
The socialization of land values must be complemented by the socialization of the land itself .
Indeed , " We must make land common property . "
Some land must be held off the market for ecological reasons .
Other species must be protected in their occupancy and use of their habitats .
Ultimately , we must see the planet as Mother Earth once more .
We must return to humanity 's ancient wisdom before it was overshadowed by those patriarchal institutions : the military state , land privatization , and debt servitude .
Our Mother is not for sale , nor is she for hire .
Inspite of our abuse she gives of herself unstintingly .
In the future -- if we have a future -- the payment of land rent for the private use of the Earth would be seen as an indemnification paid to the community in recognition of the damage and violation done to the Mother of all .
The current war of terrorism is to make the world safe for oil monopolists -- some of whom occupy high political office and even royal estate -- as well as finance monopolists , represented by the WTO , World Bank , and IMF .
Indeed , it is a Georgist issue that could well be addressed as such by Georgists .
But it may take some courage .
Should any country resist its global corporate interests and listen to Georgists enough to implement a Georgist system , it would be threatened with ostracism by the global finance and corporate interests , as occurred in Russia .
If that were to fail , perhaps the U.S. government would label the country a rogue state that harbors terrorists and then drop bombs , send in death squads , and / or declare economic sanctions that slowly murder the population until such time as it could install a puppet regime .
Via Bill Grennon .
An amazing article by Geolibertarian Mark Sullivan : " Why the Georgist movement has not succeeded . "
Sullivan , President of the Council of Georgist Organizations , has venerable Geoist credentials ; he traces his doctrine ( in the Georgist version of apostolic succession ) back to Ralph Borsodi ( via Mildred Loomis ) and thence to the Old Man himself .
Of course , the question of Georgism 's " success " can be met with the counter - question " compared to what ? "
As Sullivan points out , the " success " of Marxism in the state socialist countries has been decried as a corruption by many Marxist ideologues .
And he makes quick work of the too - frequent claims of free market libertarianism 's increased influence in the ' 80s .
Nevertleless , the question is a natural one to ask , given Georgism 's wild popularity in the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
Sullivan takes a long detour from his central question , devoting most of the middle part of his article to an attempted fusion between Henry George and Benjamin Tucker .
Both George and Tucker , he writes , aimed at a fusion of radical economic analysis with free market principles , advocating a laissez - faire road to socialism .
But despite their similarities , Tucker devoted a disproportionate amount of his energy to combating George .
That was unfortunate , because the two complemented each other in some important ways .
For example , although Tucker and George both objected to the economic power of absentee landlords , George had a blind spot when it came to money and interest .
In , he argued a " natural productivity " theory of interest that was almost totally nonsensical .
Sullivan considers the thought of Tucker and Greene on the money monopoly to be an important complement to George 's theory of land rent .
The two could be fused , he speculates , in a unified theory of artificial scarcity in both land and credit as the result of state - enforced monopolies .
I would add that Tucker came closer to such a unified theory of exploitation than did George : although Tucker had an anti-landlord theory of his own , in his occupancy - and - use theory of land , George almost completely neglected the role of the state in enforcing the money monopoly .
In fairness , though , both Tucker and George took a negative view of patents and tariffs .
Although Tucker objected to George 's single tax as a statist measure , and George himself was no anarchist , George at least laid a foundation that could be built on by self - proclaimed " anarcho - Georgists . "
As Sullivan indicates , George in many ways anticipated Nock 's distinction between the state and the government .
George 's land theory is by no means incompatible with free market anarchism .
Although George used the term " tax " what Georgists call " land value taxation " can be consistently viewed , instead , as community collection of rent in a stateless society .
Sullivan also tries to make Georgism more amenable to its Tuckerite rivals , as well as various traditional forms of land tenure .
George was wrong , he says , to consider the Lockean pattern of absentee land titles as " normal , " and to be accepted as a matter of course so long as community land rent was paid .
Georgism , rather , should incorporate other ways of establishing ownership in the first place -- like occupancy and use .
In answer to the title question , Sullivan attributes Georgism 's anemic accomplishments in the twentieth century to the catastrophic effect of WWI .
The War Hysteria and Red Scare , especially , by marginalizing economic radicalism as " un-American , " sounded the death knell of the native American radical tradition in the heartland .
Such petty bourgeois radicalism was either eclipsed by the imported collectivism of Lenin and Trotsky , or coopted by the state capitalism of the New Deal .
Since WWII , Geolibertarianism has moved in a more radical direction , and been enriched by such innovations as the citizen 's dividend , " Green taxes " on pollution and other externalities , and regulation of the radio spectrum and other " social commons " in a manner analogous to land .
The revamped version of Geolibertarianism Sullivan advocates , based on a " unified field theory " of exploitation , might ( he argues ) become the basis for anti-globalist resistance :
For example , the Putin government in Russia has at least toyed with Georgist principles , such as partly undoing the kleptocratic looting ( aka " privatization " ) of natural resources via special rents or royalties .
But any Third World government that makes serious attempts at implementing such radical principles , Sullivan speculates , is likely to become a pariah state .
Google and a number of agencies representing book publishers agreed to a revised settlement covering Google Books on Friday , limiting the international scope of the agreement and providing a sort of trust fund for " orphaned " works .
Google and a number of agencies representing book publishers agreed to a revised settlement covering Google Books on Friday , limiting the international scope of the agreement and providing a sort of trust fund for " orphaned " works .
On Monday , Judge Denny Chin approved a delay in the agreement until Friday .
The parties barely met their deadline , circulating the agreement to reporters shortly after midnight on Friday and holding a conference call shortly thereafter .
" This is not about claiming the future about digital publishing ; this is about claiming the past , " Richard Sarnoff , co-chairman of Bertelsmann Inc. , president of Bertelsmann Digital Media Investments , and chairman of the Association of American Publishers said on the call .
" So we 're adjusting , we 're scaling back the Internet scope of the settlement . "
The revised agreement calls for the Google Books program to cover the U.S. , the U.K. , Australia , and Canada , excluding Germany and France .
Google explained that the revised agreement will now cover countries with " a common legal heritage and similar book industry practices " .
Rightsholders who published their book or filed for a copyright by Jan. 5 , 2009 are eligible to be covered under the revised agreement .
Now that the revised agreement has been submitted to the court , Google said it expects the court to set a timeline for notice and objection period , and then a final fairness hearing in 2010 .
In September , the Department of Justice urged the court to reject the search engine giant 's $ 125 million class - action settlement in its current form .
The agency said it was worried that Google had no financial incentive to track down rights holders for its book repository and questioned whether the court was the proper venue to settle the matter .
Executives said Friday night that the DOJ 's concerns were factored into the settlement .
The debate dates back to 2004 , when Google partnered with major university libraries to scan their collections and make them available on the Internet .
The Association of American Publishers ( AAP ) and the Authors Guild sued Google for copyright infringement in 2005 .
In October 2008 , the two sides announced a $ 125 million agreement that would create a registry of online books , and allow U.S. consumers and institutions to purchase access to that material .
The original agreement also created a Books Rights Registry that will search out rights holders for so - called orphaned works .
Under the revised agreement , after five years funds collected for the rights holder will no longer benefit the Registry itself , or other rights holders .
After ten years , the Registry may donate the funds to governments or public charities that benefit the reading public .
A court - appointed fiduciary will represent those rights holders .
Works covered under the Books Rights Registry will generally fall into one of three categories , Sarnoff said .
Those categories include out - of - print works , unclaimed out - of - print works , and truly " orphaned " works , whos authorship it not even known .
" Data analysis shows that the actual number of orphans is small , " Dan Clancy , Google Books ' engineering director said during the call .
As per the original agreement , the agreement provides for a number of public terminals to be placed in U.S. universities and libraries , too allow free access to electronic versions of published works .
Users will have the option of print - on - demand , file download and consumer subscriptions .
Google is also explicitly required to allow its competitors , local bookstores , and other retailers to sell access to the covered out - of - print works .
Rightsholders will keep 63 percent of the revenue , with retailers keeping the other 37 percent .
Judge Chin had delayed a meeting between the two sides after the parties asked for extra time in order to address the DOJ 's concerns .
The judge then set a deadline of Nov. 9 .
The Authors Guild , meanwhile , had filed a statement on its Web site praising the settlement before it was even delivered .
" We 're confident they 'll all find even more reasons to cheer the amended settlement , " the Guild said , referring to supportive editorials by major publications .
" We 're holding to our core principles : lots of access to out - of - print books for readers , students and scholars ; compensation and control for authors and publishers . "
The Open Books Alliance took an unfavorable view of the settlement , however .
" Our initial review of the new proposal tells us that Google and its partners are performing a sleight of hand ; fundamentally , this settlement remains a set - piece designed to serve the private commercial interests of Google and its partners , " co-chair Peter Brantley said in a statement .
" None of the proposed changes appear to address the fundamental flaws illuminated by the Department of Justice and other critics that impact public interest . "
On Monday evening , October 12 , I attended a lecture by Richard Dawkins on his new book The Greatest Show on Earth–The Evidence for Evolution which was held on the main campus of Indiana University in Bloomington , IN .
It was a very inspiring experience .
Yes , Dawkins was Dawkins –knowledgeable , articulate , sharp , and to the point .
However , most exciting was the atmosphere in the auditorium with 3200 people–average age leaning toward the college generation .
To be among that many people who had come to a serious lecture about an important topic , to hear them clap and laugh at appropriate points with Dawkins , I felt that the scientific viewpoint had arrived , had come out of the shadows .
It reminded me of the feelings I had the first time the Southport High School gymnasium was filled to capacity for a girls basketball tournament .
Yes , Indiana is the land of Hoosiers and it is not uncommon for a fieldhouse to be filled to capacity for a basketball game–a boys ’ game .
I felt that women had reached a milestone in acceptance and liberation just as I now felt that the acceptance of science had reached a milestone .
Joe Hughto , President of the Secular Alliance of Indiana University , put it this way :
How about that Richard Dawkins ?
Last night we completely filled the IU Auditorium which seats 3,200 people .
We also had to turn away between 500 - 1,000 more people that were still waiting outside .
To be completely honest , I thought only about 2,000 people would show up so I am overjoyed that we packed that place to capacity .
As expected , Dawkins pulled no punches when he was talking about religion , especially creationism .
Those comments were met with applause and laughter and that made me notice something ; a great majority of the people there were supporters of Dawkins and his message .
That means that we locally have thousands of people who have eschewed religion for reasoning and critical thinking .
I ’m actually having difficultly finding the words for how this makes me feel .
When I first started becoming aware of my atheism , I felt like I was one of a small minority that finally ‘ got it . ’
Groups like the SAIU and events like these remind me that we are not alone in our love for reason .
This is why I think it is very important for our group to do as much as we can and be visible as much as we can in the community .
I am quite sure that there are people out there who are just like I was ; they feel insulated and alone in their reason .
We need to show them that we are here and that we ’re not just a bunch of lazy , sarcastic elitists who spend all day lambasting the religious .
We need to show them that we have an awesome community full of awesome people ( which we do ) and that we are actually doing something to improve our position in society .
I hope for a day when a group like this does not need to exist .
I hope for a day when reason is the driving force behind people ’s reactions and every new piece of information is met with skepticism .
In order to make that happen , we ca n’t just idly sit around and wait .
We need to go out and make these changes .
We need to do things like volunteer , have lectures , and have discussions with other people that may not agree with us .
We also need to start building community .
We need to make that community one that people will see and want to join because it looks like we ’re having so much damn fun .
- Joe
The Indiana Daily Student had this to say about the event .
I would like to repeat and emphasize a phrase from Joe ’s message , " We need to show them that we are here and that we ’re not just a bunch of lazy , sarcastic elitists who spend all day lambasting the religious .
We need to show them that we have an awesome community full of awesome people ( which we do ) and that we are actually doing something to improve our position in society . "
At Center for Inquiry Indiana we are planning a full day Darwin Day Science Conference in March which will include special Darwin Day activities for children .
The purpose is to educate adults and children about evolution and science in general .
Sunday , October 18 is National Secular Service Day .
The Student Alliance of Indiana University ( SAIU ) will be doing Pages for Prisoners and CFI Indiana will be collecting items for a care package to send to a friend and his unit in Iraq .
“ Each night when she came from work I would be tense and nervous .
I did n't know in what way she was going to abuse me . ”
This is Matthew ’s story : the tale of a man who was regularly abused by his female partner in his own home .
Contrary to general wisdom , such stories are commonplace across Australia .
According to the Australian Bureau of Statistics , more than 435,000 men have experienced violence from their current or previous partner since the age of 15 .
Male victims of family violence - perhaps even more so than women - often face barriers to disclosing their abuse .
They are likely to be told that there must be something they did to provoke their partner ’s violence .
They can suffer shame , embarrassment and the social stigma of not being able to protect themselves .
They can feel uncertain about where to seek help , or how to seek help .
Alan , another male victim , finally summoned up the courage to talk to someone about his partner ’s ongoing sexual abuse .
“ Who to talk to for advice - family or friends ?
No way .
I looked up the Yellow Pages .
The voice answering the phone at the Rape Crisis Centre said , ‘ Only women are abused ’ .
I spoke to a doctor .
She seemed to listen to my stammering for a few minutes and then while scribbling asked , ‘ What are you doing to make her behave that way ? ’. ”
Advertisement
Abuse of men takes many of the same forms as abuse of women - physical violence , intimidation and threats ; sexual , emotional , psychological , verbal and financial abuse ; property damage , harming pets , and social isolation .
Men , more so than women , can also experience legal and administrative abuse - the use of institutions to inflict further abuse on a victim , for example , taking out false restraining orders or not allowing the victim access to his children .
George experienced this type of abuse .
“ My wife would not let me see the kids .
She accused me of sexually molesting my daughter .
I was devastated .
I did n't see my kids for ages .
After a Court hearing which lasted ten days , the judge found that my ex-wife herself had molested my daughter in an effort to generate evidence against me .
Despite this , she was still allowed custody .
And the Court and the child welfare agency refused to take any action against her . ”
Dr Elizabeth Celi , a Melbourne psychologist says , “ Unlike physical violence , many of the forms of domestic abuse faced by male victims are difficult to detect and hard for the man himself to defend against .
A man ’s health is wrapped up in his identity .
Attacking his self - worth through various forms of criticism , manipulation and intimidation are forms of emotional and verbal violence that we need to learn about as a society and say ‘ Enough ! ’ ”
As well as the effects of violence on men , their children can suffer the same impacts as do children of female victims .
These include witnessing family violence by their parents or step - parents , experiencing direct violence and abuse themselves , and suffering a range of negative impacts on their behavioural , cognitive and emotional functioning and social development .
Neglecting violence against men means neglecting these children .
There are many misunderstandings about male victims of family violence .
Some argue that men are n’t affected as badly as women .
Others argue that female violence is usually carried out in self - defence .
Yet others assert that women ’s violence is n’t part of an overall pattern of control and domination .
An extensive review of Australian and international research finds little evidence to support these claims .
This November 19 was International Men ’s Day .
As part of the day ’s celebrations , a new campaign and website for male victims of family violence was launched .
The One in Three Campaign is named after the little known fact that up to one in three victims of sexual assault and at least one in three victims of family violence is male ( perhaps as many as one in two ) .
All authoritative sources support this figure .
For example , researcher Murray Straus conducted an extensive study of partner violence by male and female university students in 32 nations and found that , in Australia , 14 per cent of physical violence between dating partners during the previous 12 months was perpetrated by males only , 21 per cent by females only and 64.9 per cent was mutual violence .
Advertisement
The One in Three Campaign aims to raise public awareness of the existence and needs of male victims of family violence ; to work with government and non-government services alike to provide assistance to male victims ; and to reduce the incidence and impacts of family violence on Australian men , women and children .
Supporters of the campaign include Dr Celi , Maggie Hamilton , author of What Men Don't Talk About and Steve Biddulph , author of The Secret of Happy Children .
Hamilton says , “ Until researching What Men Don't Talk About I had no idea about domestic violence towards men .
In speaking about it with friends I was then shocked to discover this had touched the lives of several close friends .
These were men of all backgrounds - from manual labourers to professional men .
In some cases the violence was inter-generational .
While we remain silent on this issue , men continue to be hurt , to be ignored .
Once we believed only little girls were subject to sexual abuse , and so countless boys were abused .
The same is now true of men . ”
Biddulph writes , “ With family violence , we had to address ‘ women and children first ’ ; but in 2009 , the troubling , gritty nub of violence is in families where both partners are violent , as well as those most hidden , where women hit men .
Today nobody approves of or accepts wife bashing .
Husband bashing needs this same condemnation and action , because everyone needs help to live in safety , and women and men equally need programs to steer them to safer ways of living in families .
Violence is a miserable way to live , for perpetrator and victim , and for little children forced to watch .
Solving violence against husbands can close the loop on eradicating violence from our wider society . ”
Tags
H.L. Mencken described politicians as " men who , at some time or other , have compromised with their honour , either by swallowing their convictions or by whooping for what they believe to be untrue . "
" Vanity remains to him , " Mencken wrote , " but not pride . "
The Sage of Baltimore had it correct , that to be elected and stay elected in American politics to any full - time position requires the suspension of any ethics or good sense a person may possess .
Even those who begin political careers with the best intentions and have measurable abilities that would make them successful in any field soon realize that the skills required to succeed in politics are not those required outside politics .
Lew Rockwell explains that , while competition in the marketplace improves quality , competition in politics does just the opposite :
The only improvements take place in the process of doing bad things : lying , cheating , manipulating , stealing , and killing .
The price of political services is constantly increasing , whether in tax dollars paid or in the bribes owed for protection ( also known as campaign contributions ) .
There is no obsolescence , planned or otherwise .
And as Hayek famously argued , in politics , the worst get on top .
And there is no accountability : the higher the office , the more criminal wrongdoing a person can get away with .
Thus it becomes " a psychic impossibility for a gentleman to hold office under the Federal Union , " wrote Mencken .
Democracy makes it possible for the demagogue to inflame the childish imagination of the masses , " by virtue of his talent for nonsense . "
The king can do the same thing in a monarchy but only by virtue of his birth .
In stark contrast , in the natural order , as Hans - Hermann Hoppe explains in his monumental work , Democracy : The God that Failed , it is " private property , production , and voluntary exchange that are the ultimate sources of human civilization . "
This natural order , Hoppe notes , must be maintained by a natural elite , which would come by these positions of " natural authority " not by election as in the case of democracy , or birth as in the case of monarchy , but by their " superior achievements , of wealth , wisdom , bravery or a combination thereof . "
This is just the opposite of what Mencken and Rockwell describe as a characteristic of democracy .
Instead , democracy affords the opportunity for anyone to pursue politics as a career .
There is no need for the masses to recognize a person as " wise " or " successful , " as Hoppe 's natural order would require .
Nor does one have to be born into the ruling family , as in the case of monarchy .
As the great American comedian Bob Hope , who was actually born in England , once quipped , " I left England at the age of four when I found out I could n't be king . "
Maybe because he knows he can never have Prince Charles 's job , Sir Richard Branson — knighted for " services to entrepreneurship " — sticks to business and reportedly owns 360 companies .
But , as Hoppe explains , democracies have expanded , and since World War I have been viewed as the only legitimate form of government .
In turn , more people who have been successful at other pursuits are running for political office or becoming politically active .
For instance , more and more wealthy billionaires are entering the political arena .
While the wealthy tycoons of a previous generation were private and tended to covet seclusion , today 's captains of industry such as Ross Perot , Michael Bloomberg , and Jon Corzine are running for office .
And while Warren Buffett , Bill Gates , and George Soros have n't sought public office personally , they spend millions of dollars on political contributions and are visible in trying to sway the public debate on political issues , when their time would obviously be more productively spent ( both for them and everyone else ) on other , wealth - creating endeavors .
Plus , a quarter of all House members and a third of all members of the Senate are millionaires .
There may be politicians that pursue elected office for the money , but many elected officials are already wealthy by most people 's standards .
What makes the wealthy and otherwise successful want to hold office ?
Is it , as Charles Derber describes in The Pursuit of Attention : Power and Ego in Everyday Life , that politicians since " Caesar and Napoleon have been driven by overweening egos and an insatiable hunger for public adulation " ?
The work of psychologist Abraham Maslow may provide an understanding as to why even successful entrepreneurs would seek public office .
Maslow is famous for his " hierarchy of needs " theory that is taught in most management classes in American universities .
The theory is generally presented visually as a pyramid , with the lowest or most basic human need — physiological need — shown as a layer along the base of the pyramid .
Maslow 's view was that the basic human needs — thirst , hunger , breathing — must be satisfied before humans could accomplish or worry about anything else .
The next tranche within the pyramid , shown on top of the physiological need , is the safety need .
After satisfying thirst and hunger , humans are concerned about their continued survival .
If a man is constantly worried about being eaten by a tiger , he does n't concern himself with much else .
The next layer presented within Maslow 's pyramid is the belonging need , which lies just above safety need .
After the satisfaction of the two lower needs — physiological and safety — a person seeks love , friendships , companionship , and community .
Once this need is satisfied , according to Maslow , humans seek esteem .
These first four needs were considered deficit needs .
If a person is lacking , there is a motivation to fill that need .
Once the particular need is filled , the motivation abates .
This makes these needs different than the need at the top of Maslow 's pyramid , the need for self - actualization .
The need for self - actualization is never satisfied , and Maslow referred to it as a being need — be all you can be .
Thus , humans continually strive to satisfy their needs , and as the more basic needs are satisfied , humans move up the pyramid , if you will , to satisfy higher - level needs .
Of course , different humans achieve different levels , and it was Maslow 's view that only two percent of humans become self - actualizing .
Maslow studied some famous people along with a dozen not - so - famous folks and developed some personality traits that were consistent with people he judged to be self - actualizing .
Besides being creative and inventive , self - actualizers have strong ethics , a self - deprecating sense of humor , humility and respect for others , resistance to enculturation , enjoyment of autonomy and solitude instead of shallow relationships with many people .
They believe the ends do n't necessarily justify the means and that the means can be ends in themselves .
One readily sees that Maslow 's self - actualizers have nothing in common with politicians in a democracy , but closely fit the profile that Hoppe describes of the natural elite that would lead a natural order .
But a step down from the top of the hierarchy - of - needs pyramid is the need for esteem .
Maslow described two types of esteem needs according to Maslow expert Dr. C. George Boeree : a lower - esteem need and a higher one .
And while the higher form of esteem calls for healthy attributes such as freedom , independence , confidence , and achievement , the lower form " is the need for the respect of others , the need for status , fame , glory , recognition , attention , reputation , appreciation , dignity , even dominance . "
" The negative version of these needs is low self - esteem and inferiority complexes , " Dr. Boeree writes .
" Maslow felt [ Alfred ]
Adler was really onto something when he proposed that these were at the roots of many , if not most , of our psychological problems . "
Now we see the qualities displayed by virtually all politicians in democracy : the constant need for status and recognition .
The ends — compensating for an inferiority complex — justify whatever Machiavellian means .
" One readily sees that Maslow 's self - actualizers have nothing in common with politicians in a democracy , but closely fit the profile that Hoppe describes of the natural elite that would lead a natural order . "
Because democracy is open to any and all who can get elected — either through connections , personality , or personal wealth — it is a social system where leadership positions become a hotbed for sociopaths .
Maslow 's self - actualizing man wo n't have an interest in politics .
But those stuck on the need for esteem are drawn to it like flies to dung .
With leadership in such dysfunctional hands , it is no wonder .
" In comparison to the nineteenth century , the cognitive prowess of the political and intellectual elites and the quality of public education have declined , " Hoppe writes in Democracy .
" And the rates of crime , structural unemployment , welfare dependency , parasitism , negligence , recklessness , incivility , psychopathy , and hedonism have increased . "
So while the electorate recognizes that they are electing at best incompetents and at worst crooks , the constant , naïve , prodemocracy mantra is that " we just need to elect the right people . "
But the " right people " are n't ( and wo n't be ) running for office .
Instead , we will continue to have " the average American legislator [ who ] is not only an ass , " as Mencken wrote , " but also an oblique , sinister , depraved and knavish fellow . "
Roland Emmerich , the director of the ' end of days ' disaster movie , had wanted to depict the destruction of Islam 's holiest site , but was persuaded not to
He blew up the Empire State Building and the White House in Independence Day , sent a giant monster careering through the heart of Manhattan in Godzilla and destroyed the famous Hollywood sign in The Day After Tomorrow .
But it seems there are places even Roland Emmerich will not go - the German film - maker has revealed he abandoned plans to obliterate Islam 's holiest site on the big screen for fear of attracting a fatwa .
For his latest disaster movie , 2012 , the 53 - year - old director had wanted to demolish the Kaaba , the iconic cube - shaped structure in the Grand Mosque in Mecca that Muslims the world over turn towards every day when they pray and which they circle seven times during the hajj pilgrimage .
But after some consideration , he decided it might not be such a smart idea , after all .
" I wanted to do that , I have to admit , " Emmerich told scifiwire.com .
" But my co-writer Harald [ Kloser ] said I will not have a fatwa on my head because of a movie .
And he was right .
" We have to all , in the western world , think about this .
You can actually let Christian symbols fall apart , but if you would do this with [ an ]
Arab symbol , you would have ... a fatwa , and that sounds a little bit like what the state of this world is .
" So it 's just something which I kind of did n't [ think ] was [ an ] important element , anyway , in the film , so I kind of left it out . "
But Emmerich acolytes need not fear that the film - maker is pulling his punches on 2012 , which arrives in UK cinemas on 13 November .
The movie depicts a global doomsday event supposedly predicted by the Mayans more than a thousand years ago – in order to highlight his opposition to organised religion , the director decided to use CGI to destroy the Christ the Redeemer statue in Rio de Janeiro instead .
For good measure , he also blew up the Sistine chapel and St Peter 's Basilica in the Vatican , plus , on a secular note , the White House ( again ) .
Under the threat of a class - action lawsuit and battered by a barrage of negative publicity -- not the least of which occurred here at Buzzblog -- T - Mobile has decided that its threat to gouge customers an additional $ 1.50 per month to continue getting a paper bill was n't worth the pixels it was written on .
The extra fee was announced during the summer and was to have kicked in Sept. 12 .
Here 's how T - Mobile explained the about - face on a customer message board :
T- Mobile is committed to encouraging customers to make the move to paperless billing .
It 's a great alternative to paper and better for the environment .
Since the announcement we 've heard everything from kudos to concerns about the move to paperless - especially from our customers who today are receiving paper bills at no charge .
So , we 've decided to not charge our customers a paper bill fee for now .
Instead , we 'll be taking more time to determine the fairest way possible to encourage people to go paperless .
T- Mobile had some time ago scaled back to sending customers only a summarized written bill and instituted a $ 2 fee for those wishing to receive a more detailed accounting .
The latter fee will apparently remain in place .
Reaction to the decision forgo the additional $ 1.50 monthly charge was mixed , with some praising the company for " listening to its customers " and others being less willing to forgive or forget .
Wrote one : " Did we win ?
Did us , the little people , actually win ?
Huzzah ! "
Yes , that 's always surprising , but what truly gobsmacked me during the debate over T - Mobile 's fee grab was that there was any debate at all : Plenty of voices were raised in support of the carrier 's plan -- examples here and here -- and most of those voices were swallowing whole the nonsense that this had more to do with saving the planet than padding T - Mobile 's bottom line .
It 's always been about the money ; nothing more , nothing less .
As for the company 's ominous pledge to " take more time to determine the fairest way possible to encourage people to go paperless , " one customer on that message board did a fine job of pointing them in the right direction :
1 ) Offer a discount , as others have suggested .
T - mobile is saving money on paperless billing , so share the wealth a bit .
2 ) Offer an option to e-mail a .
PDF of the detailed bill .
Most important for me is not the paper itself but the time and effort required to get hold of the detailed bill .
If a .
PDF of the detailed bill arrived in my mailbox , I would have no additional work to do .
( No logging into the [ slow ] site , no clicking around to get to it and save it .
Just boom , there it is ; and archived in my mailbox for later .
Almost zero effort for me -- as much as opening a paper envelope , no more , no less . )
If you offer to email PDFs of the detailed bills , I 'd quite likely switch to it .
But the current version of paperless is too much hassle .
General reminder , you want to do what works for the customer if you want to migrate them away from paper .
" The customer is always right " is still a good motto , though all too frequently forgotten these days .
Score one for common sense .
When NASA 's Cassini spacecraft began orbiting Saturn five years ago , a dozen highly - tuned science instruments set to work surveying , sniffing , analyzing and scrutinizing the Saturnian system .
But Cassini recently revealed new data that appeared to overturn the decades - old belief that our solar system resembled a comet in shape as it moves through the interstellar medium ( the matter between stars in our corner of the Milky Way galaxy ) .
Instead , the new results suggest our heliosphere more closely resembles a bubble -- or a rat -- being eaten by a boa constrictor : as the solar system passes through the " belly " of the snake , the ribs , which mimic the local interstellar magnetic field , expand and contract as the rat passes .
" At first I was incredulous , " said Tom Krimigis , principal investigator of the Magnetospheric Imaging Instrument ( MIMI ) at Johns Hopkins University 's Applied Physics Laboratory in Laurel , Md. " The first thing I thought was , ' What 's wrong with our data ? ' "
Krimigis and his colleagues on the instrument team published the Cassini findings in the Nov. 13 issue of the journal Science , which featured complementary results from NASA 's Interstellar Boundary Explorer ( IBEX ) .
Together , the results create the first map of the heliosphere and its thick outer layer known as the heliosheath , where solar wind streaming out from the sun gets heated and slowed as it interacts with the interstellar medium .
The Cassini data also provide a much more direct indication of the thickness of the heliosheath , whereas scientists previously had to rely on calculations from models .
The new results from Cassini show that the heliosheath is about 40 to 50 astronomical units ( 3.7 billion to 4.7 billion miles ) thick and that NASA 's twin Voyager spacecraft , which are traveling through the heliosheath now , will cross into true interstellar space well before the year 2020 .
Estimates as far out as 2030 had been suggested .
advertisement
" These new data from Cassini really redefine our sense of our home in the galaxy , and we can now do better studies of whether our solar system resembles those elsewhere , " Krimigis said .
The Voyagers have sent back rich data on the heliosphere and heliosheath , but just at two locations .
Scientists want more context .
One way to learn about the region is to track energetic neutral atoms streaming back toward the sun from the heliosheath .
Energetic neutral atoms form when cold , neutral gas collides with electrically - charged particles in a cloud of plasma , which is a gas - like state of matter so hot that the atoms split into an ion and an electron .
The positively - charged ions in plasma can't reclaim their own electrons , which are moving too fast , but they can steal an electron from the cold gas atoms .
Since the resulting particles are neutrally charged , they are able to escape magnetic fields and zoom off into space .
The emission of these particles often occurs in the magnetic fields surrounding planets , but also happens when the solar wind mingles with the interstellar medium .
How did Cassini , with 22,000 wire connections and 14 kilometers ( 8.7 miles ) of cabling specifically tweaked to get the most out of its investigation of the solar system 's second largest gas bag , recently end up helping to redefine how we look at our entire solar system ?
Krimigis and his Cassini colleagues working with MIMI were n't sure their instrument could pick up emissions from far - out , exotic locations , such as from the boundary of our heliosphere , the region of our sun 's influence .
advertisement
Last year , after spending four years focused on the energetic electrons and ions trapped in the magnetic field that surrounds Saturn , as well as the offspring of these particles known as energetic neutral atoms , the team started combing through the data from the instrument 's Ion and Neutral Camera , looking for particles arriving from far beyond Saturn .
" We thought we could get some hits from energetic neutral atoms from the heliosheath because Cassini has really been in an excellent position to detect these particles , " said Don Mitchell , MIMI instrument scientist and a researcher at the Applied Physics Laboratory .
Cassini was farther away from the sun than previous spacecraft trying to image the heliosphere and even swung very far away from Saturn on some of its orbits , Mitchell said .
The data would likely be free of much of the interference that hampered other efforts .
Mitchell , Krimigis and their team were able to stitch together data from late 2003 to the summer of 2009 .
They created a color - coded map of the intensity of the energetic neutral atoms and discovered a belt of hot , high - pressure particles where the interstellar wind flowed by our heliosheath bubble .
The data matched up nicely with the IBEX images of lower - energy particles and connected that data set to the Voyager data on higher - energy particles .
" I was initially skeptical because the instrument was designed for Saturn 's magnetosphere , " Mitchell said , " But our camera had long exposures of months to years , so we could accumulate and map each particle that streamed through the tiny aperture from the far reaches of the heliosphere .
It was luck , but also a lot of hard work . "
The Cassini-Huygens mission is a cooperative project of NASA , the European Space Agency and the Italian Space Agency .
NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , a division of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena , Calif . manages the mission for NASA 's Science Mission Directorate , Washington , D.C .
For more information about the Cassini - Huygens mission visit http://saturn.jpl.nasa.gov and http://www.nasa.gov/cassini.
If you ’ve spent any time in a harbor , you ’ve noticed one fateful failure : most yachts lack any semblance of uniqueness .
While the sea may be filled with countless cookie - cutter ships , there are some designs that stand out strongly .
To celebrate the works of today ’s greatest boat designers , here is a list of 10 yachts that truly push the cutting edge of sea-faring design .
The Solar Sailor Sun-Powered Catamaran
The high seas — unobscured by trees or buildings — is the perfect location to harvest the power of the sun .
The Solar Sailor glides across the water on this axiom , fueled by the sun and its boundless energy .
Solar Sailor is not just one cutting - edge catamaran , but a series of ships powered by Solar Sailor ’s system .
Be it a private yacht , a luxury cruise line or a colossal container ship , this system energizes the sea with the power of the anchor of our solar system .
[ link ]
EarthRace Biodiesel Powerboat
Like the Solar Sailor above , this boat is powered by the sun– but with an assist from the fruit of the earth .
EarthRace is a boat built to speed across the planet fueled by eco-friendly biodiesel .
Earth , water and seed were livened by the sun to sprout vegetation , and this vegetation was harvested to fuel the EarthRace superboat across our tiny blue planet .
EarthRace did so– and fast .
This amazing , high design ship sailed the seven seas in a mere 61 days ( a world record ! ) powered without a single drop of oil .
That ’s one hell of a feat … and this is one hell of an aggressive ship !
[ link ]
The Code X Yacht
Captain this catamaran across the clear seas and you ’ll be the envy of everyone .
The Code X
Yacht is n’t just pretty , she ’s fast to boot .
Code X is a 48 ′ catamaran with 1420 horse power under the hood pushing this sexy beast to 80 knots .
If that ’s too quick for your speed , take a look at the connecting piece over the catamaran– that solar panel will power an electric motor to 9 knots , a leisurely speed that ’s perfect for entertaining sunset guests .
Fast and furious or green conscious , the Code X Yacht is hungry for the waters in your neck of the woods .
[ link ]
The Oculus Yacht
Oculus– in latin , the eye .
In this case , the “ eye ” in this yacht ’s nomenclature is centered on the grand eye of the dolphin that inspired this design .
Oculus
Yacht is a sea spectacle of the most true order , a shining example of aqua ingenuity in this watery world .
[ link ]
The Wallypower 118 Super Yacht
It ’s official .
Ride the waters on this one , you ’re either a Bond villain or a mad scientist .
The Wallypower 118 Yacht is an aggressive , angular poweryacht with the most progressive design on this list .
There is nothing more stylish on the seven seas than this Wallypower , and if you can prove otherwise , do so in the comments !
[ link ]
The Modern Houseboat by X - Architects
Scoop this modern houseboat out of the water and drop it in the hills of Hollywood , it would appear no different than the mid-century designs that grace that landscape .
The Modern Houseboat by X - Architects is a sea - bound home with the metal structure , the floor - to - ceiling windows that would make the architecture world jealous .
Okay , perhaps it ’s not that progressive , but this is one houseboat you cannot ignore .
Lovely … [ link ]
The Sea Shadow Stealth Warship
If you see this one coming , you ’re lucky – because it certainly wo n’t show up on your radar .
The Sea Shadow Stealth Warship is invisible to most radar systems of the 20th century , which is what made it a Navy secret until recently .
This sea-carving catamaran might be yours for a price , at it has faced retirement and is up for consideration by those at the Pentagon .
Can you imagine breaking the waves with this bad ass ?
If money is no object , you might just be able to talk the Justice Department into pulling some strings for you … [ link ]
The Sea Phantom by Maritime Flight Dynamics
Does it look like a killer whale with corporate sponsor decals ?
It does to us .
Then again , when you start it up , you wo n’t be laughing .
The Sea Phantom V - 10 is a water - hungry sea beast with plenty of performance history .
Designed by Maritime Flight Dynamics , the Sea Phantom was built to reach cruising speed on the open water , then achieve a wing - bound “ flight ” to skip across the surface with it ’s unique aerodynamic design .
[ link ]
The Eden Luxury Motoryacht
The old woody ’s of yesteryear have given way to a fresh new design sensibility in the world of luxury yachts .
The Eden Motoryacht is only typical in it ’s size and function , it ’s design is as organic and progressive as it comes .
From bow to stern , head to toe , the Eden Motoryacht carries it ’s passengers in ultimate sea-friendly style .
We would n’t mind being one of those passengers ourselves … [ link ]
The Oasis of the Seas Cruise Ship
The world ’s largest cruise ship– you ’re looking at it .
While these images of the Oasis of the Seas may have been only renderings , this boat is now sailing on the open seas , passengers included .
The last time such bold claims were made , however , a ship of this sort sunk on its maiden voyage from Liverpool , England .
( side note– if this writer ’s grandmother ’s train had n’t derailed en route to the Titanic back in 1912 , you would n’t be reading this article right now .
no joke ) [ link ]
If you had to break waves in one of these mega boats , which would you choose ?
We might opt for that Wallypower yacht , we get excited thinking about how that one will break the waves .
Let us know which of these you might take into the wild blue yonder .
Afterward , check out these other TheCoolist features we think you might enjoy :
The revised French 3 - strikes law , known as Hadopi - 2 , has been referred to the country 's highest court on the grounds that it continues to attack fundamental rights to free speech and due process .
France 's revised law to implement graduated response / 3 - strikes measures is to follow its predecessor to the Constitutional Council .
The French opposition Socialist group has made the referral on the primary grounds that the revisions to the law continue to
threaten freedom of expression , and directly flouts the previous ruling by the Constitutional Council on June 10 .
The referral to the Consitutional Council charges that the new law - informally known as Hadopi - 2 - is a form of Sarkozy 's new clothes .
It is a way of dressing up the graduated response proposals to get around the June 10 decision .
The basic framework remains the same , with the rights - holders gathering evidence of copyright infringement , which is passed to the Hadopi , which will then apply to the ISPs for the contact details of the user account relating to the infringing IP address .
All of this information will be put before a judge , and in this respect the Sarkozy government says that it has complied with the requirements of the Consititutional Council decision of 10 June .
The decision stated that the Creation and Internet law was an attack on the right to freedom of expression , because that right can only be taken away by a judge .
This is an important safeguard for the liberty of French citizens .
But the referral document charges that the Hadopi - 2 law does not change the position from the original law .
The judge will not be in full court .
There is no provision for an oral hearing , nor for citizens to defend themselves .
It more closely resembles an administrative procedure , and simply puts a judge in place to rubber stamp the decision .
This may comply with the text of the Constitutional Court 's decision , but not with the spirit .
It is just dressing up the original law to make it appear compliant .
The referral document argues that this is an attack on one of the core principle of separation of the judiciary - the system which hands out justice to citizens - from the administrative state .
There are other flaws in the Hadopi - 2 law highlighted in the referral document .
It points out that it will not be possible to apply the sanction of Internet suspension in the same way across the entire country .
The French regulator , the ARCEP , has stated that in those areas where there is no local loop unbundling , it will not be possible to maintain IP - based voice services , at the same time as cutting off the Internet .
This is thought to affect around 3 million homes .
Another legal flaw concerns the two alternative procedures in the law , which carry different penalties .
It seems that the rights - holders who apply for the user to be sanctioned will be able to determine which sanction applies .
The second procedure , negligence caracterise , is very problematic , because it concerns the duty of the Internet account holder to make sure that the service is not used to download copyrighted content .
A full acount of the Hadopi - 2 saisine is in Liberation
Read the Hadopi - 2 Saisine
This article is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution Non-commercial - Share Alike 2.5 UK : England and Wales License .
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/2.0/uk/
It may be used for non-commercial purposes only , and the author 's name should be attributed .
The correct attribution for this article is : Monica Horten ( 2009 ) Hadopi - 2 goes to Constitutional Councill , http://www.iptegrity.com
4 May 2009 .
Call it a landmark : Oregon ’s highest profile marijuana business opened its doors at 4:20 p.m. on Friday , Nov. 13 , 2009 .
However , a dope den , Portland ’s “ Cannabis Café ” is not .
In order to gain access to the Café , patrons are required to have a doctor ’s prescription for medical marijuana .
The entry fee for non-members is steep too : at $ 60 , which buys a month ’s dues and a year - long membership to the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws ( NORML ) , it ’s a surprise the café does not itself sell cannabis .
Instead , the former breakfast restaurant will serve as something of a social environment , allowing patients a place where they can be around strangers while medicating .
ADVERTISEMENT
Though widely reported to have been America ’s first marijuana café , Portland ’s newest business does not quite achieve the title .
“ On Oct. 1 , Steve Geiger opened Highway 420 , a small lounge at the back of his pipe shop [ in Portland ] , ” Oregon Live noted .
But it was not all cheers outside the grand opening .
“ Despite the hype , opening night seemed like kind of a bust , ” a blogger with Portland Mercury deadpanned .
“ As I stood at the back of the line talking with Ian , a long - time cardholder who was up for the idea of a sociable ‘ medicating ’ environment ( ‘ Do you like to sit and drink in your house ? ’ he said .
‘ It ’s nice to get out .’ ) , people kept ditching out from the front of the line , shaking their heads .
‘ Why would I want to smoke with a bunch of people I do n’t know ? ’ grumbled an old man in a black cowboy hat , striding away .
‘ Save your money and buy a bag ! ’ shouted a twenty - something dude as he left . ”
“ Executive Director of the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws , Madeline Martinez , executive director of NORML , cheered the opening .
“ This club represents personal freedom , finally , for our members , ” she said .
“ Our plans go beyond serving food and marijuana .
We hope to have classes , seminars , even a Cannabis Community College , based here to help people learn about growing and other uses for cannabis . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The response has been overwhelming , ” Martinez told High Times .
The new café is something of a test for the Obama administration ’s policy that it will respect individual states ’ medical marijuana laws .
During his presidential campaign , Obama had promised to stop raids on medical dispensaries that were operating within state law .
“ I think the basic concept of using medical marijuana for the same purposes and with the same controls as other drugs prescribed by doctors , I think that ’s entirely appropriate , ” the president said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Laws in California and Colorado , which also allow medical marijuana , do not make provisions for anything other than dispensaries .
Oregon has about 21,000 medical marijuana patients .
This video was published by The Oregonian on Nov. 13 , 2009 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Formula 1 would suffer huge damage if the British Grand Prix is lost from next year 's calendar , claims McLaren team principal Martin Whitmarsh .
Amid continued uncertainty about the future of the race , with no official news from Donington Park about the state of its plans for next year , there are now concerns that the race may not be a feature of the 2010 schedule .
The situation is far from clear after a report in the Daily Express on Wednesday suggested that Donington Park leaseholder Simon Gillett had paid outstanding money to Bernie Ecclestone - although it was not clear whether or not this had been completed before close of business on deadline day .
Furthermore , Silverstone sources have indicated that the track will only commit to a deal with Bernie Ecclestone if the commercial terms make sense - and the two parties remain some distance apart on the finances so far .
AUTOSPORT understands that Silverstone 's managing director Richard Phillips will be present at this weekend 's Abu Dhabi Grand Prix to try and make progress on a deal with Ecclestone to secure the British GP 's future .
However , until that deal is done , question marks remain over the event - something that has left Whitmarsh worried about the state of play .
" It 's not just McLaren , but everyone in F1 knows the importance of the British Grand Prix , " said Whitmarsh in a phone - in call with media on Wednesday .
" You could n't say [ of the races ] any are absolutely vital , but losing the British GP would be massively damaging to the sport .
It 's the kind of support from the fans there .
It 's different to other places .
" You just have to walk through the campsites and the area around the circuit and see how committed the fans are .
We 'd be very sorry to see it lost . "
Hill said about the state of negotiations over a new contract : " The BRDC [ which owns Silverstone ] have to sign a contract which makes sense and can't sign up to a contract which could get them into the same dangers as Donington .
" Silverstone is not responsible to provide a grand prix , and it's not Bernie Ecclestone 's job to give a discounted race to Britain . "
If you ’re in the market for a house in Stockton , Calif. , then we have a deal for you !
There ’s a house for sale there for $ 25,000 .
News 10 in Sacramento reports , “ The 600 square - foot home at 815 E . First Street features one bedroom and one bathroom and is the least expensive single family home in the seven - county area served by the Metrolist multiple listing service that does n't involve a bank - owned or short sale transaction . ”
Guess what the annual property taxes are ?
$ 118 .
News 10 says the house is “ about one - eighth the current median price of a single family home in Stockton . ”
( Check out the actual listing here )
( If you live in NYC , you 'll want to read this post about whether Manhattan 's real estate market has finally hit bottom . )
Stockton is located between Modesto and Sacramento , in Northern California .
It ’s about an hour and a half drive from there to San Francisco , which you can also reach by train .
Why such a low price ?
We ’re not sure about the area this house is in , but Stockton in general faces some significant challenges .
MainStreet recently featured Stockton as one of the most depressed cities in the U.S. and a local group dedicated to community improvement had this to say about their hometown :
“ Stockton , CA is on many lists , and it ’s pretty well known … but not for the right reasons .
We thought being on Forbes “ Most Miserable Cities ” list was bad … until we became the number one city .
That was bad .
Not only is Stockton climbing the ladder to notoriety in the business world , but its violent crime rate has now become California ’s second highest , right after Oakland . ”
So is $ 25,000 too much ?
Join MainStreet on Facebook !( will open in a new window , totally worth it )
The Hubble Space Telescope 's new camera is returning incredibly detailed , stunning images of space .
This close - up view of an area near the core of the iconic Southern Pinwheel galaxy , or M83 , shows very rapid star birth .
The image to the right of the entire galaxy , taken from the ground by the European Southern Observatory ’s 2.2 - meter telescope at La Silla , Chile , shows the location of the image above .
Hubble 's detailed view reveals that the spiral arms of the galaxy , about 15 million light - years from Earth , are lousy with clusters of infant stars , only a few million years old .
The clusters show up as red because of the hydrogen gas they emit , and they have blown holes in the brownish dust tracks of the arms .
The image also reveals around 60 supernova remnants , around five times more than had previously been seen .
the different wavelengths of light captured by Hubble 's camera , from ultraviolet to near - infrared , gives scientists a look at stars in all stages of formation , which will help them understand the evolution of the Pinwheel galaxy , and give them insight into galaxy formation in general .
Images : 1 ) NASA , ESA , STScI / AURA .
High - Def Version .
2 ) ESO .
See Also :
Follow us on Twitter @betsymason and @wiredscience , and on Facebook .
A bunch of eReaders have come out in recent days and weeks but NONE of them were the rumored Barnes & Noble eReader until today when the company announced the Nook .
Combine that with “ eReader ” or “ eBook ” and you have the problem of hearing someone say “ Nookie Book ” or “ Nookie Reader ” .
But more importantly , the phone is based on the Android operating system .
How do we know ?
Barnes & Noble said so themselves in comparing the Nook to the Kindle ( scroll down to “ Other Features ” ) :
Yesterday we totally number two - ed on an eReader called “ Alex ” for clumsily including a second screen .
We liked the enTourage eDGe a little more .
But as you can see on the left , Barnes & Noble got it best / right by implementing a convenient way to flip through book covers with a horizontal LCD panel below the main screen .
Judging a book by its cover ?
LOVE IT !
The nook is actually looking like a winner – it has 6 - inch E - Ink screen , 2GB internal memory to hold 1500 or so e-books , MicroSD slot , MP3 Player ( thanks Android ) , External mono speaker , 3.5 mm headset jack , wireless 3G via AT&T , Wi-Fi , 1 million books to purchase , access to public domain titles through Google , Newspaper and Magazine access , and PDF readability .
And there is a crazy twist : you can lend a nook book to a friend and they ’ll be able to use / read it for up to 14 days !
So for book lovers who read fast and can finish a book in a day …
I hope you all make a lot of nook book friends !
They do n’t HAVE to have a nook , it will also work on the B&E e-reader software / app for PCs , Macs , iPhone , Moto phones and BlackBerries .
Oh … and we ’re guessing Android too .
The Nook will go on sale for $ 259 at the end of November , just in time for you to wrap it and give it to whoever the book reader in your life happens to be !
[ Thanks Simon ! ]
Brain pleasure centers became progressively less responsive in rats fed a diet of high - fat , high - calorie food , a new study has found .
As the changes occurred , the rats developed compulsive overeating habits -- and became obese .
The overeating continued even when it meant the rats had to endure an unpleasant consequence ( a mild foot shock ) in order to consume the food .
The findings were presented at Neuroscience 2009 , the annual meeting of the Society for Neuroscience and the world 's largest source of emerging news about brain science and health .
The researchers also found that as the activity of the brain 's pleasure centers decreased , the rats became less likely to eat a well - balanced , nutritious diet -- even when the less palatable healthy food was the only food available to them .
" Not only did we find that the animals ' brain reward circuits became less responsive as they continued to overeat and become obese , " said senior author Paul J. Kenny , PhD , of the Scripps Research Institute in Jupiter , Fla. , " but that decrease in responsiveness was similar to what our laboratory has seen previously in rats as they become addicted to cocaine or heroin .
The data suggest that obesity and addiction may result from common neuroadaptations , " he said .
The finding may have implications for humans , as the diets fed the rats ( unlimited access to such high - caloric foods as bacon , sausage , cheesecake , and chocolate ) were similar to those of millions of people who live in developed countries .
Such diets are considered a major contributing factor to the current obesity epidemic in the United States .
Research was supported by Bank of America , the National Institute on Drug Abuse , and The Landenberger Foundation .
London , England ( CNN ) -- A Christian evangelist branded an idiot by atheist biologist Richard Dawkins for trying to refute Charles Darwin 's theory of evolution has brushed off the criticism .
Speaking to CNN on the 150th anniversary of the publication of Darwin 's seminal work " On the Origin of Species , " Dawkins said the evidence to support the theory that life on earth came about through natural selection , and not design by God , was " now massively buttressed by molecular evidence . "
And referring to U.S. - based evangelist Ray Comfort , who argues that the universe and life is the result of an intelligent creator , Dawkins said : " There is no refutation of Darwinian evolution in existence .
If a refutation ever were to come about , it would come from a scientist , and not an idiot .
" Hunches are n't interesting , hunches are n't valuable .
What 's important is scientific evidence .
It does n't matter what mister whatever his name is , Comfort ... what his opinion is .
It does n't matter what my opinion is .
What matters is evidence .
And the evidence is clear .
The evidence is in favor of evolution . "
Comfort 's California - based Living Waters ministry says it plans to distribute 120,000 copies of Darwin 's theories on leading university campuses with a 50 - page introduction in which he says he provides evidence for intelligent design .
Responding to Dawkins ' criticism , Comfort issued a statement to CNN .
" If the views expressed in my introduction of ' On the Origin of Species ' are ' idiotic , ' why would Mr. Dawkins tell students to rip them out of the book , as he did recently ?
" Surely he should encourage them to read the introduction to see how foolhardy it is , and that would strengthen students ' faith in the theory of evolution . "
Dawkins , who came to prominence with his 1976 book " The Selfish Gene , " which explores the origins of life , has been dubbed in the media as " Darwin 's rottweiler . "
He maintains that science has proved the 19th century English naturalist 's theory of evolution right in almost every respect , adding that " Darwin also cleverly anticipated just about all the arguments against that have ever been proposed . "
" Dan Dennett , the U.S. philosopher said it was the best idea anyone ever had .
It explains the whole of life , the diversity , the beauty of life , above all the illusion of design .
Living things look as if though they 've been designed at a fantastically complicated level .
What Darwin showed is you can get illusion of design with virtually nothing , with a simple idea , using ordinary , blind laws of physics . "
He added : " You can't prove there 's no God , no fairies , no leprechauns , or that Thor or Apollo do n't exist .
There 's got to be a positive reason to think that fairies exist .
Until somebody does , we can say technically we are agnostic about fairies .
We can't disprove them , but we think it 's a bit of a waste of time trying .
And the same goes for God . "
At the end of each fiscal year , companies take stock of their performance .
How ’d we do ?
Better or worse ?
This is a natural time to reflect upon individual performance — this is when your boss writes your review .
In my ideal management world , a review is simply a documentation of well - known facts , your performance over the year .
It also contains constructive advice and insight regarding how your boss believes you can improve on that performance .
My dream is that you already know all of this information because you ’ve been getting year - round feedback from your boss .
I wish .
Whether your manager is consistently delivering this information or not , the feedback , written down , is completely different from receiving it verbally .
The path to your brain via the written word is dramatically different than for the spoken word .
Reading the highs and lows of the past year makes them permanent and makes them real .
And then there ’s the surprise .
Show Me the Money
Bad news .
The surprise has nothing to do with money .
We ’re not talking about compensation here .
Yes , you did a splendid job this year and I think they should be throwing raises , bonuses , and stock your way .
But it ’s even better if it ’s clear why you think you did a splendid job .
Can you articulate it ?
And you might know , but does your boss ?
Can he explain to you , in detail , how well you kicked ass ?
I did n’t think so .
See , your boss has you and a bunch of other yous who are all allegedly kicking ass , and all of that ass kickery is tricky to monitor , especially over an entire year .
It gets even worse when one of your team members is not kicking ass .
Legitimately or not , that ’s actually where a lot of your boss ’ attention is going .
You read that right : someone else ’s failure is distracting from your phenomenal year .
Let ’s fix that .
There are three strategies I ’d like you to employ when it comes to your yearly review .
They are :
Ignore the measures , focus on the content .
Prepare for the fact a review is a discussion and , sometimes , a negotiation .
Deconstruct the surprise .
Measures versus Content
I ’ve experienced a lot of different review formats at different companies , but let ’s boil it down to three buckets .
A review describes :
What you did .
How you did it .
What you need to do next .
This is a massive simplification of your review .
Your review has all sorts of other corporate and division focus areas , but these impressive sounding labels are still just lenses through which you understand how you did versus what was expected .
For each of the buckets , there are two classes of information : the content and the measure .
I want to explain how you can save yourself a lot of sleepless nights ignoring the measures , but first , a definition .
Sprinkled across your review are measures .
These are words like “ Needs Improvement ” , “ Satisfactory ” , or “ Excellent ” .
These words grab you because they ’re easy to understand .
They are effectively your grades , and you ’ve spent a lot of your formative years waiting for grades to show up .
If I told you that you got an A on a piece of work , you ’d internally translate that letter into a pleasant , “ I did about as well as I could .
Go me . ”
Grades – measures – are efficient , they do convey information , but they lack essential content .
I ’ll explain via example .
When I arrived at University of California , Santa Cruz in the 90s , they had no grades .
Hippies .
At the end of the quarter , you received a written evaluation .
For each student in the class , the professor or the teaching assistant would produce a written evaluation — a plain English description of the type and quality of the work produced over the semester .
I do n’t know who came up with the idea of ditching grades , but my hope was that they wanted to ditch the measures .
The intent of measures are not to derive useful information , they are designed to allow for comparison and , duh , measurement .
Am I higher or lower than you ?
How many As ?
Are there more As than Bs ?
It ’s interesting data and I ’m sure if you took a classroom full of data and plotted it on a graph , you ’d learn something .
Look !
A bell curve !
A measure does n’t help you in your career .
Your performance review is n’t about comparisons to others .
They ’re about what you did and what you could do .
What you ’re looking for is the content .
Tell me which is more useful :
“ You did well . ”
- or-
“ You finished the work on schedule , the customer was happy with the results , but there were lingering quality issues with the code .
Looking at the last two releases , you had 2 x the numbers of bugs than in prior releases .
Focus on … ”
We get hung up on grades , on measures , because they are so gosh darned digestible .
They give us the illusion that they show us where we fit , but they do n’t tell us what next ?
At UCSC , the point of the gradeless report card was to create a vacuum where the professor would actually say something useful .
You ’re not going to get rid of measures — they serve a distinct purpose — but when you ’re first reading your review , I want you to ignore those seductive one - word assessments of your entire year .
Their simplicity , while comprehensible , is just going to obscure the complexity of your year .
Rather , look at the content behind the measures .
Whatever your particular areas of focus are , does your boss do an effective job of explaining what you did , how you did , and what you could do better ?
It ’s a simple set of requirements , but your boss is going to mess it up , which is why you need to be clear that …
A Review is a Conversation
The written word is intimidating .
An assessment of a year is a big deal , so what are you going to do when you sit down with your boss and he hands you three poorly crafted paragraphs littered with the word “ significant ” ?
No , you do n’t ask about the raise .
You freak out about the paragraphs .
THREE PARAGRAPHS ?
I’VE WRITTEN MORE IN EMAIL THIS MORNING THAN YOU JUST WASTED ON MY YEAR .
Calm yourself .
Think of this pathetic piece of paper as an opening offer — a poor offer .
Your job is to transform this travesty into an accurate reflection of your year and you ’re not doing this just out of a sense of self - righteousness , you ’re doing to set the set the record straight .
This piece of paper is one of the only official documents of your career at this company .
If you move , if your boss leaves , if there ’s a reorg , this is often the first document reviewed to understand the degree of your asskickery and that means you want your boss to comprehend it .
“ But Rands , I was just … so pissed .
Three paragraphs ?
I spent my entire winter on the project .
I was FURIOUS . ”
Again , your review will contain surprises , and they will rattle you , which is why you prepare with a self review .
Whether your company asks for it or not , the moment the mail from HR alerts you to the review season , you start cobbling together your self review .
Same buckets as above .
My move is to keep a yearlong log of significant work as a task in whatever task tracking system I ’m currently ignoring .
Even if you have n’t been paying consistent attention , you ’ll be surprised by what you can dig up in a weekend of considering your year .
Take a look at your year .
How ’d you do ?
No , really , I ’m not actually reading it so you can have an honest opinion .
Was it a great year or did you just think it was great ?
Yes , your boss ’ opinion about your year is key , he does sign the checks , but it ’s a key surprise reducing technique to walk into the review with an opinion .
This moment of personal honesty you ’re having with yourself is a big deal because that ’s the foundation you ’re going to stand on when the three pathetic paragraphs show up .
Having a justifiable opinion regarding your year is a powerful , defensible position .
While it ’s important to send the self review long before your boss writes his review , it ’s more important that you have this opinion , this well - defined opinion , when sitting down to read your boss ’ review .
Does it document what you did ?
Everything ?
Does the description of what you did match your perception ?
No ?
Why ?
Do n’t tell me , tell your boss , and make sure he gets it because it ’s these types of historical perception mismatches that form an unhealthy basis for emerging misunderstanding and resentment .
The point of a review is the debate — to align your perceptions with those of the person who signs the checks , but even with all this structured healthy debate , there ’s still going to be a …
Surprise !
I do n’t know what the surprise is .
It ’s your review .
Some of the doozies over the years from mine include :
The total absence of recognition for a multi - month multi-team project that kicked ass .
A reversal of opinion regarding a piece of work I ’d done , usually towards the negative .
Completely contradictory areas of improvement .
Unfortunately , the surprise is the point .
A review not only forces the alignment discussion , it serves as a warning for the coming year :
What do I need to do differently to avoid being blindsided when the next review arrives ?
Fact is , you ’re never fully going to get your boss on - board with your year .
There are opinions he has which are n’t going to change , which means if you do n’t want another surprise next year , you have to change .
A review ’s value lies not only in the documentation of what was observed , but also what was not .
The Permanence of the Written
In many years of reviews , the only consistency I ’ve noticed is that they ’re getting shorter .
My unsubstantiated paranoia is that lawyers apply subtle corporate pressure to retain less descriptive documentation of what actually happened in the company .
But perhaps it ’s just a growing professional laziness .
Whatever the reason , a brief review is just sad .
If you ’re staring at three useless paragraphs , you have a couple of problems .
You ’ve got a company that allows crappy reviews and you ’ve got a boss who is unable or unwilling to articulate either the quantity or quality of work you ’ve done .
That ’s all sorts of screwed , but it ’s only complete breakdown only occurs when you do n’t react .
The first review I wrote was awful .
It was three paragraphs derived from scanning status reports from the past six months .
I sat in the room as she read the review and she did n’t have to say a thing for me to understand that I ’d be spending the weekend actually writing the review .
I got an accusing , furious glare .
You did n’t even try .
So I did .
The Department of Defense has identified 4,354 American service members who have died since the start of the Iraq war .
It confirmed the death of the following American on Thursday :
ZORN , Ryan L. , 35 , Staff Sgt. , Army ; Upton , Wyo. ; First Infantry Division .
Just over 700,000 Australians tuned in to watch the 2009 ARIA Awards - one of the worst results in years .
The audience was about 400,000 down on last year 's ceremony .
The awards moved from Network Ten to the Nine Network this year and were on a Thursday as opposed to Sunday .
They were hosted by small screen stars Kate Ritchie and Gyton Grantley , with electro - pop outfit Empire Of The Sun scoring the most trophies .
The event came in at number 16 of the most watched shows of the night .
Seven 's news was first with more than 1.2 million viewers .
See how the 2009 ARIA Awards unfolded on Twitter .
Full list of winners .
- AAP
One senior airman threw his weight against the door of the HC - 130 King as 150 armed Sudanese soldiers surrounded the search - and - rescue plane .
He and the 16 other crew members had their orders from the State Department — " If someone comes on the plane , shoot 'em . "
One senior airman threw his weight against the door of the HC - 130 King as 150 armed Sudanese soldiers surrounded the search - and - rescue plane .
He and the 16 other crew members had their orders from the State Department — " If someone comes on the plane , shoot 'em . "
What started out as " taxi duty " to pick up a U.S. military liaison in the Darfur region was now stretching into a five - hour confrontation between the Americans and the Sudanese .
The soldiers were convinced the airmen were at the airfield to collect evidence of war crimes , not fly a husband back to his pregnant wife .
The classified Air Force mission nearly cost the 11 airmen and six Guam National Guardsmen their lives and could have launched the U.S. into another armed conflict if they had n't kept their cool .
The confrontation happened three years ago but is coming to light only now because eight of the 11 airmen on board received valor medals this summer for their actions .
In his initial report to U.S. Central Command , the commander of the 79th Expeditionary Rescue Squadron did n't note the airmen had been taken hostage during the mission .
Three months later , CentCom received a corrected report , but it was too late for the airmen to receive proper crisis counseling or an adequate intelligence debriefing .
The squadron 's command , Air Combat Command , referred all questions about the mission to Air Force headquarters at the Pentagon .
In an e-mail to Air Force Times , senior spokesman Andy Bourland wrote that officials had reviewed the mission and discussed it with the major commands involved , though he did n't list them .
" Because of the classification of the details surrounding the incident , we are not able to comment on it at this time , " Bourland wrote .
Later , spokeswoman Lt. Col .
Ann Stefanek issued written responses to specific questions about the valor medals and the misreporting of the mission .
Retired Gen. T. Michael Moseley , Air Force chief of staff at the time , told Air Force Times he had never heard of the mission .
Air Force
Times first learned of the mission from the awards packages submitted by the squadron commander .
The details of what happened during those five hours were gleaned from classified documents about the mission as well as interviews with military and State Department officials .
Here is what the crew of the HC - 130 King — call sign PAT 332 — faced that day , Nov. 28 , 2006 .
Duffel bags , body bags
Most of the aircrew arrived in Camp Lemonier , Djibouti , two months before Nov. 28 , spending their time sitting alert and flying training missions .
They understood the danger of flying into Darfur , the epicenter of the struggle between the Sudanese government and the rebels , who call themselves the Sudanese Liberation Army .
In just three years , from 2003 to 2006 , fighting between the factions had left more than 400,000 civilians dead , according to estimates from the United Nations .
Despite the violence , the aircrew did n't hesitate when an assignment to Darfur came up .
A military liaison needed a ride from Al - Fashir airfield back to Camp Lemonier so he could be with his pregnant wife , who was sick .
The mission seemed straightforward : Fly to Al - Fashir , fly back to Camp Lemonier .
Stop in Khartoum , Sudan 's capital , coming and going .
Crew members received short intelligence briefings and images of Al - Fashir taken before 2003 , when Sudanese military operations out of the airfield had increased .
For their protection , the eight crew members would be accompanied by six members of the Guam National Guard .
Three maintainers also would make the trip in case of any mechanical emergencies .
At 8 a.m. under fair conditions , PAT 332 took off from Camp Lemonier and flew 3 ½ hours to Khartoum .
Waiting for them on the ground was a U.S. Embassy representative .
An hour later , the plane took off for Al - Fashir .
The HC - 130 made its approach to Al - Fashir two hours later .
As the wheels touched down , crew members watched as Sudanese soldiers — 50 to 100 feet apart along both sides of the runway — turned and pointed their AK47s at the plane .
Also near the airfield were anti-aircraft guns .
In the background was a garrison , not shown in the images .
Waiting for the plane were two U.S. military liaisons with six locked duffel bags .
One of the men , the crew members assumed , was the father - to - be .
They were wrong .
The military liaison they had come to pick up was already gone , the men said .
He had left five days earlier but needed his bags of equipment and four 9 mm pistols .
The crew members loaded the bags and hid the guns in the plane before they checked in with airfield officials , who requested that co-pilots 1st Lt. Timothy Saxton and 1st Lt. John Cuddy deliver their flight plan to the air traffic control tower .
Saxton and Cuddy agreed to do as requested but asked if they could keep the plane 's engines running while the officers were driven to the tower because one of the turboprops was hard to start .
Their request was denied , and they shut down PAT 332 .
While Saxton and Cuddy were away , a dozen armed Sudanese dressed in civilian clothes circled the plane .
Aircraft commander Maj .
James
Woosley instructed the crew members to monitor their movements with a sensor underneath the aircraft that has a camera inside .
All HC - 130s come equipped with a FLIR ball — FLIR stands for forward - looking infrared radar .
Uniformed Sudanese soldiers worked near their three Mi-24 helicopter gunships and one An - 26 turboprop that sat on the runway .
The soldiers loaded blue canisters filled with explosives onto the An - 26 , bombs they intended to drop on villagers .
Across from the Sudanese aircraft sat 15 Mi-8 Hip helicopters operated by the U.N.
Two more loaded with wounded and dead children landed near PAT 332 .
Aircrew members used their cell phones and personal cameras to take pictures of the humanitarian aid workers rushing to save the wounded and carrying the dead off in body bags .
Transfixed by what was going on outside , the crew members barely noticed when Saxton and Cuddy returned .
The co-pilots had received approval to take off for Khartoum .
All the engines started , and the HC - 130 taxied off the ramp , onto the runway and past a Sudanese intelligence official .
As the HC - 130 approached , the official looked directly at the FLIR ball , which had its camera moving side - to - side searching for threats .
He reached for his cell phone and started barking orders into it .
Seconds later , the air traffic control tower radioed for PAT 332 to return to the ramp .
Woosley reluctantly turned around , fearing he'd hear the fire of the anti-aircraft guns if he did n't .
Spying charges , rape threats
Woosley and navigator Capt .
Jesse Enfield walked out to meet the U.S. military liaisons who had given them the duffel bags when they arrived .
The U.S. officials explained that the Sudanese intelligence officer had called PAT 332 back because he was worried the aircraft 's FLIR ball had recorded images of the blue canisters being loaded onto the An - 26 .
Then , nine Sudanese intelligence and military officers — led by the one who ordered PAT 332 to return — rushed up .
They began accusing the crew members of espionage and demanded to search the plane .
Woosley denied the request .
The Sudanese officers yelled at Woosley and Enfield , threatening to kill them .
They ordered Woosley to pick one officer to leave the plane to pay a $ 400 landing fee .
Not wanting one officer to go alone , he sent Cuddy and Saxton .
About this time , Woosley went back into the plane .
He ordered the crew members to put on their body armor and conceal handguns underneath their uniforms since he had told the Sudanese that they were unarmed .
Then , he put Master Sgt. Paul Widener in charge because Cuddy and Saxton were gone and he and Enfield were outside with the Sudanese .
Woosley then headed back outside , leaving the plane 's door open to show the Sudanese the airmen had nothing to hide .
The Guam National Guardsmen , though , moved into positions to defend the aircraft , and Widener radioed back to Camp Lemonier to report the events .
Face to face again with Woosley , the Sudanese soldiers then demanded to inspect the duffel bags .
Assured by the U.S. military liaisons there was no classified material inside , Woosley agreed .
Without the key to open the bags , though , Enfield and one U.S. military liaison cut open the bags for the Sudanese to search .
Angry at finding only clothes and personal possessions , the Sudanese officers demanded to know why Woosley and Enfield would fly from Djibouti to Darfur to pick up duffel bags .
Both officers relayed the story about the father - to - be and told the Sudanese officers the U.S. Embassy could corroborate their mission .
That answer did n't satisfy the Sudanese .
About 20 Sudanese soldiers joined the nine officers and circled Woosley and Enfield .
One grabbed Woosley , and another slapped his sunglasses off his head .
Woosley and Enfield pushed through the crowd and got back onto the aircraft .
Cuddy and Saxton had also returned .
The U.S. military liaison told the crew members the Sudanese officials planned to arrest them for espionage and have them executed .
A Sudanese soldier then asked Woosley if there were any women on board .
The crew had two female members , Staff Sgt. Kelly Hall , flying crew chief , and Senior Airman Kimberley Vanhaaster , loadmaster .
When Woosley answered yes , the soldier countered that women did n't belong in the military .
He said the women would be raped and sold once the crew was arrested .
He then asked to see the women .
Woosley said no .
When Woosley got back on the plane , he had Hall and Vanhaaster move to the middle of the aircraft , where they were harder to spot .
No U.S. support , 150 Sudanese
The sun began to set .
It was about 5:45 p.m. and the plane had been on the ground almost three hours .
One of the U.S. military liaisons radioed Woosley to give him two pieces of information : First , the Sudanese officials planned to close the airfield in 15 minutes , then arrest and probably execute the crew .
Second , State Department officials had been informed of the confrontation and had ordered Woosley not to leave the plane or let anyone on the plane .
" We were working with the [ Sudan ] Ministry of Foreign Affairs , and the intel folks as well .
And I think we took a … very strong line , which is , if someone comes on the plane , shoot 'em .
I think it was just through our embassy and myself , just making clear that these guys were not to give over anything to the Sudanese , " said Jendayi Frazier , a professor at Carnegie Mellon University 's Heinz College who was then U.S. assistant secretary of state for African affairs .
Woosley ordered the crew to lock down the aircraft .
They would not be leaving PAT 332 without a fight .
After 6 p.m. , two trucks carrying about 50 Sudanese soldiers drove up next to the HC - 130 .
The soldiers , carrying AK47s , emptied out of the trucks and took firing positions around the aircraft .
Soldiers positioned two .50 - caliber machine guns and one rocket - propelled grenade launcher near the tail and multiple 7.62 mm machine guns with tripods on the sides of the plane .
An old firetruck drove up and parked in front of the plane 's nose , cutting off the crew 's exit .
Outmanned and outgunned , the crew members and guardsmen maintained their defensive positions .
The officers and Widener huddled inside the cockpit trying to decide their next move .
The U.S. military liaisons watched the scene unfold from the runway .
Because they knew the Sudanese army was n't well - trained , they worried that one trigger - happy soldier would set off a firestorm .
One liaison stepped up to a Sudanese intelligence officer and warned : Kill the airmen and prepare for war with the U.S .
A Sudanese soldier tried to force his way inside the aircraft .
Senior Airman Chris Fuller leaned into the crew entrance door at the front of the plane .
It was the one door the crew could n't lock because it could only be locked from the outside .
After a few seconds , the soldier backed off , but the others continued yelling at the aircraft .
Widener radioed Camp Lemonier to give an update .
He asked if PAT 332 could expect any support .
Headquarters told him no aircraft had taken off .
More than four hours after being ordered back to the ramp , a U.S. military liaison demanded to speak with the airfield commander , a Sudanese colonel .
The colonel told the liaison he would have to consult with his superior , a lieutenant general .
None of the documents reviewed by Air Force Times explained why the liaison did n't ask to speak with the colonel sooner .
The colonel stepped out of the room .
When he returned , he told the liaison the aircrew could leave after paying a landing fee .
The liaison explained the fee had already been paid ; the colonel did n't ask for proof of payment and told him the crew could leave .
This time , it was the liaison 's turn to leave the room .
He radioed Woosley with the news .
The Sudanese soldiers backed up and the firetruck drove off .
Woosley and the crew members became blurs of motion , getting the plane ready for takeoff in eight minutes instead of the usual 30 .
PAT 332 taxied to the runway for a second time .
This time , the wheels left the ground .
A silence fell over the crew members , and they stayed quiet all the way back to Camp Lemonier .
Report mistake , lesser medals
A debriefing by an intelligence analyst , psychologist and flight surgeon is standard protocol to reintegrate an airman held hostage .
But not even the squadron intelligence officer was waiting when PAT 332 landed because squadron commander Lt. Col .
Christopher Austin had n't reported the mission as a hostage event to Central Command 's Joint Personnel Recovery Center , which would have put the reintegration process in motion .
An enlisted intelligence specialist had been on the ground at Camp Lemonier and started to debrief the crew members , but an unidentified officer ended the session and ordered everyone to go to bed .
They were scheduled to fly a training mission the next day .
The mission left aircrew members with questions about their safety .
One worried that his name had been taken by Sudanese intelligence officials and his family was vulnerable .
A squadron intelligence officer told him that his name probably had been entered into Sudanese intelligence databases but not to worry about it .
The crew member could n't believe what he was hearing .
More than 70 days passed before Central Command learned about the mission .
None of the documents stated who corrected the report .
CentCom intelligence officials tracked down the crew members and National Guardsmen to file a Joint Personnel Recovery Agency report .
The help from Central Command , though , came too late for at least two aircrew members .
They now suffer from post - traumatic stress disorder and are no longer allowed to fly because of their diagnosis .
Both list the mission to Al - Fashir as the cause of their symptoms , which include severe anxiety and depression .
Today , the Air Force acknowledges Austin made a mistake .
The service would not allow Air Force Times to speak with Austin , and it is not clear why he did n't alert Central Command .
" Since [ the misreported mission ] , efforts have been made to ensure commanders and personnel at all levels have a better understanding of the reintegration process , " according to an Air Force statement .
The Air Force did not appropriately document the mission to Sudan on aircrew and Guam National Guardsmen 's service records until July 2009 .
If the service had n't updated its records , the airmen and guardsmen would not have been eligible to cite the mission for disability benefits , said Mary Schantag , co-founder of the P.O.W .
Network , a veterans advocacy group .
The misreported event might also explain why officials downgraded the valor medals for eight of the aircrew members .
Austin nominated Woosley , Enfield , Cuddy and Saxton for bronze stars with valor and four enlisted crew members for Air Force Commendation Medals with valor .
On June 29 , Lt. Gen. Gary North , then commander of Air Forces Central Command , downgraded the medals to Air Force Achievement Medals with valor .
" Justification does not support award recommendation , " read the memo Air Forces Central Command sent to Austin .
Austin may submit a reconsideration package by next June 29 .
The aircrew 's Sudan mission is receiving attention on Capitol Hill .
Rep. Duncan D. Hunter , R - Calif. , a freshman congressman who served two tours in Iraq and one in Afghanistan , was recently briefed on the crew 's mission .
" It 's not surprising to hear about awards being downgraded but , when it happens , it 's really a disservice to those award nominees , " said Joe Kasper , Hunter 's spokesman .
" This incident is just one more example of service personnel not receiving the right form of recognition , the awards they deserve , and demonstrates the necessity for a thorough review of the military awards process . "
Staff writer Sean D. Naylor contributed to this report .
See citation for crew 's Air Force Achievement Medals :
* Military Times Hall of Valor
Hour by hour on November 28 , 2006
8 a.m. — PAT 332 takes off from Camp Lemonier , Djibouti .
11:30 a.m. — Aircrew lands in Khartoum to meet with embassy representatives .
3 p.m. — HC - 130 lands at Al - Fashir .
3:40 p.m. — American crew is ordered to return to the ramp and to not take off from Al - Fashir after Sudanese intelligence official suspects the crew has filmed evidence of war crimes .
4:20 p.m. — Sudan intelligence officials inspect the six duffel bags loaded onto the HC - 130 .
5:45 p.m. — Sudan soldiers inform the aircrew the airfield is closing and the crew will be taken into custody .
6:20 p.m. — Truckloads of Sudan soldiers armed with AK47s , rocket - propelled grenade launchers and .50 - caliber machine guns surround the aircraft .
8 p.m. — Sudan officials give the aircrew OK to leave .
8:08 p.m. — HC - 130 Hercules takes off from Al - Fashir .
9:30 p.m. — Aircrew lands in Khartoum to refuel .
2 a.m. — Aircraft lands at Camp Lemonier .
A La Canada Flintridge couple trying to save their home from foreclosure were arrested along with three others on suspicion of beating , torturing and robbing a pair of loan modification agents they believed had done nothing to help them rescue the residence .
Daniel Weston and Mary Ann Parmelee , both 52 , allegedly sought mortgage assistance from Lamond Dean and Luis Garcia , two loan modification specialists , according to the Los Angeles County district attorney ’s office .
Authorities said the homeowners thought agents had taken their money and done nothing to help them .
On Oct. 20 , the agents were lured to a meeting in Glendale where Weston and another man , Gustavo Canez , 36 , allegedly beat and robbed them , prosecutors said .
Advertisement
Authorities said a handgun and wooden knuckles were used in the attack .
The attack took place in front of Parmelee , who is a real estate agent ; Mario Solomon Gonzales , 47 , of Glendale ; and Marissa Parker , 49 , of Sylmar .
Gonzalez and Parker work with Parmelee to refer loan cases to Dean and Garcia , officials said .
Dean and Garcia were treated and released from a local hospital , officials said .
Parmelee , Gonzales and Parker face two counts each of torture , false imprisonment by violence and second - degree robbery .
Advertisement
Gonzales also faces one count of possession of a deadly weapon because he was allegedly carrying the wooden knuckles , the complaint states .
Parmelee , Gonzales and Parker pleaded not guilty Friday .
Weston and Canez were in court Monday , and their cases were continued to Nov. 2 .
All are being held on $ 1 - million bail .
--
Advertisement
baxter.holmes@latimes.com
Celebrity Video - Tommy Chong vs. Salvia Eric
Two of the biggest drug celebrities in the world get high and compete to see who can finish a tire drill first .
Featured at the Colorado Inventor Showcase 2009
FunRide is a unique car sharing service that uses alternative fuel vehicles , offering members and visitors the opportunity to reduce their transportation costs .
FunRide allows you to use a vehicle with no car payment , insurance payment , repair costs or fuel cost .
FunRide vehicles are available 24 hours a day , seven days a week .
The vehicles are parked at convenient locations called pods .
By registering with FunRide , you will be able to reserve any of their vehicles .
FunRide members receive access to alternative fuel cars ( electric , biodiesel , flex fuel , and natural gas ) 24 hours a day , seven days a week .
Once registered , members reserve the use of vehicles on an hourly basis .
Benefits of FunRide :
Commuters can use FunRide for errands during the day
Businesses , universities , and governmental agencies can reduce their fleet of vehicles by offering FunRide transportation to their employees
Visitors can save money by renting a FunRide vehicle for only the hours they need versus the high daily and weekly rates of traditional rental cars
Neighborhoods can share a FunRide vehicle to reduce their need to own a second car
FunRide members have the opportunity to test market different alternative fuel vehicles without the expense of buying the vehicle
Via funride
At peak times , the article said , as many as 10,000 retrievers  those paid by local officials to keep petitioners from successfully filing their complaints  roam Beijing in search of quarry .
The report counted 73 secret detention centers , many of them run by regional governments , and laid out in detail the lucrative business of retrieving , detaining and sending home petitioners .
The magazine described it as a “ chain of gray industry . ”
Image Detention pens like this one are hidden in basements and guesthouses in Beijing , used to lock away people pulled off streets before they can file longstanding grievances with the government .
Credit ... Greg Baker / Associated Press
Such a system of extralegal detention , sometimes called black jails , “ damages the legitimate rights of petitioners and seriously damages the government ’s image , ” the article said .
Although the right to petition the authorities is enshrined in the Constitution , that right is frequently swallowed up by the reality of contemporary China ’s system of governance : local officials , facing pressure to maintain social stability , are penalized for allowing too many complainants to find their way to the offices of the central government .
The article in Outlook comes less than two weeks after Human Rights Watch issued a report documenting China ’s network of secret jails  a report that prompted a Foreign Ministry spokesman to deny their existence .
“ There are no black jails in China , ” Qin Gang , the spokesman , said when asked about the report .
“ If citizens have complaints and suggestions about government work , they can convey them to the relevant authorities through legitimate and normal channels . ”
Given the government ’s tight control of the media , human rights advocates expressed guarded optimism that the article might signal a shift away from official tolerance for the jails , which are thought to have existed since 2005 .
Welcome to the BeaEngine Sweet Home - x86 x86-64 disassembler library - ( IA - 32 & Intel64 )
Downloads
BeaEngine x86-64 disassembler library
BeaEngine is a library coded in C under LGPL3 license .
The " Library package " contains numerous examples to demonstrate how is working this lib , headers in C , Delphi , masm , nasm , fasm , GoAsm and Python .
Actually under heavy development , you can view the project on github : Coder : BeatriX Github repository
LDE64 x86 version
This tool is a LDE ( Length Disassembler Engine ) for 32 bits windows plateforms .
It is based on BeaEngine and is able to decode instruction in 32 bits and 64 bits architectures .
It is a relocatable engine .
You do n't have to initialise it because it is not compressed .
This archive contains LDE64 and some examples Coder : BeatriX
LDE64 x64 version
WASHINGTON  The Obama administration is stepping up pressure on Pakistan to expand and reorient its fight against the Taliban and Al Qaeda , warning that failing to do so would undercut the new strategy and troop increase for Afghanistan that President Obama is preparing to approve , American officials say .
While Afghanistan has dominated the public discussion of Mr. Obama ’s strategy , which officials say could be announced as early as this week , Pakistan is returning to center stage in administration planning .
As the president traveled to Asia , his national security adviser , Gen. James L. Jones , was quietly sent to Islamabad , its capital .
His message , officials said , was that the new American strategy would work only if Pakistan broadened its fight beyond the militants attacking its cities and security forces and went after the groups that use havens in Pakistan for plotting and carrying out attacks against American troops in Afghanistan , as well as support networks for Al Qaeda .
General Jones praised the Pakistani operation in South Waziristan but urged Pakistani officials to combat extremists who fled to North Waziristan .
On Wednesday , diplomats from North Korea plan to visit Gov. Bill Richardson of New Mexico with an undisclosed agenda , a senior administration official said Tuesday .
Like Mr. Clinton , Mr. Richardson has traveled to Pyongyang to negotiate the release of Americans held there , in his case in the mid-1990s .
The White House approved the visit , which the official said did not signal any movement toward the resumption of official talks with North Korea and the United States .
But the meeting , which he said the North Koreans requested , comes on the heels of conciliatory gestures toward South Korea , and suggests a concerted effort on the part of the North .
Mr. Clinton steered clear of broader issues during his humanitarian mission , officials said .
Indeed , he did not even ask to see Mr. Kim , requesting instead a meeting with “ an appropriate official . ”
To help the former president in case something went awry , the White House recommended John Podesta , an adviser to both Mr. Clinton and President Obama , join his delegation .
And to ensure he would not leave empty - handed , Mr. Clinton asked that a member of his entourage meet with the journalists , Laura Ling and Euna Lee , shortly after he landed to make sure they were safe , said a senior administration official , who had been briefed on the visit .
For all the billions of dollars a year that the United States spends on intelligence gathering about mysterious and unpredictable countries like North Korea , it took just 20 hours on the ground in Pyongyang by a former president to give the Obama administration its first detailed look into a nuclear - armed nation that looms as one of its greatest foreign threats .
Police are investigating whether David Coleman Headley , arrested by the FBI for allegedly conspiring to carry out terror attacks in India , had any role in the Mumbai terror attacks , a senior crime branch official said today .
" We are probing if Headley was involved in various terror activities here including the 26/11 terror strikes .
He had an office in AC market building in Tardeo in south Mumbai .
Crime branch team has earlier visited the building , " joint police
commissioner Rakesh Maria told PTI .
" Headley had visited Mumbai on several occasions and we have all details as to where he stayed and for how long , " Maria , who supervised the 26/11 terror attacks probe , said .
According to sources , Headley 's office used to provide visa and travel facilities .
Headley , 49 , was arrested last month at Chicago 's O'Hare International Airport as he prepared to board a flight to Philadelphia , intending to travel to Pakistan .
FBI also arrested Tahawwur Hussain Rana , 48 , a Canadian citizen of Pakistani origin , for his alleged involvement in terror activities .
Meanwhile , the AC market building was also visited by police today .
" Since the area comes in our police station jurisdiction , I along with my team had gone there , " Inspector of Tardeo police station AK Padhare said , refusing to divulge further details , saying Crime Branch was investigating the matter .
AFP
A Palestinian farmer , stumped again
“ WHAT did the trees do ? ” says Muhammad Abu Awad , a retired teacher of agriculture and father of 14 children , as he looks gloomily at his ravaged field .
Twisted , silvery stubs are all that remain of a lush grove that once offered up a yearly abundance of fat green olives .
The vandals came at night from Adei Ad , a Jewish settlers ' outpost deemed “ illegal ” even by the Israeli government , near Shvut Rachel , an established West Bank settlement that is judged illegal in international but not Israeli law .
Working fast , unnoticed by Palestinian landowners in the nearby Arab village of al - Mughayir , the settlers cut down nearly 200 olive trees , of which 70 belonged to Mr Abu Awad .
As a result , he reckons to have lost income worth around $ 3,400 that he would have earned from this year 's harvest .
But that is not all .
“ I planted these trees with my own hands 35 years ago ” , he says , wistfully touching the stumps , now wrapped in sackcloth to protect them from the sun .
Mr Abu Awad hopes his trees will recover and one day bear fruit again .
As usual at harvest time , tension between Palestinian farmers and Jewish settlers has risen .
The olive tree deeply stirs the emotions of Palestinians .
It is a symbol of their struggle and a vital part of their rural economy .
According to their ministry of agriculture , nearly 500,000 olive trees have been bulldozed , burnt down or uprooted in the territories since the second intifada ( uprising ) began in 2000 .
Israel 's army has cleared swathes of groves to create open areas in the Gaza Strip and along the security barrier being built on the western side of the West Bank , often taking big bites out of Palestinian land .
The Israelis have also cut down thousands of trees near the Jewish settlements .
Palestinians and human - rights groups have repeatedly castigated the Israeli army for failing to stop such destruction .
The settlers say terrorists hide among the trees .
In recent years the Palestinians have usually been able to pick their olives under the protection of the Israeli army and police .
Charities that help the farmers say the army has been taking this job seriously , letting the Palestinians harvest without being harassed by the settlers .
But they criticise the soldiers for hectoring the farmers into rushing the picking and say the soldiers could do more to protect the trees before the harvest begins , especially in hot spots near ideologically extreme settlements .
Many of the settlers pursue a “ price - tag policy ” , deliberately instigating violence and mayhem so that the Israeli military and political establishment is loth to take action , such as evacuating the 100 - plus “ illegal ” settlements , for fear of further violence .
As international criticism has mounted , even in America , several Israeli governments have promised to dismantle the outposts but so far little has been done .
The settlers are generally against the peace process , because it could mean their expulsion .
So whenever there are signs of negotiation , they increase their attacks — among other things , on olive trees .
They want to show who controls the land .
Binyamin Netanyahu's right - wing Israeli government has plainly emboldened the settlers .
“ Now they fear no one , ” says a Palestinian villager in al - Mughayir .
When the ruling politicians seem to back the settlers , the Israeli soldiers feel less obliged to protect the Palestinian farmers .
Mr Abu Awad says he is determined to fight to keep his land .
“ I 'll sleep on my land to protect it , ” he says .
“ I tell my children : if I die , they should bury me where my blood was spilled .
I 'm in love with my land . ”
View Transcript
Transcript
Doctor says , " These pills should get rid of the wings that the last pills gave you as a side effect .
Doctor says , " It 's an off - label use , but I have a good feeling about it . "
Dilbert says , " What now ? "
Doctor says , " At this point , sinning is your best bet . "
How much of your personal information is Google willing to turn over to a third party without a fight ?
We ’ve asked a California federal court to unseal a report that would give customers of the world ’s largest Internet company an answer to that question .
Google handed the report in question over to a judge in September to comply with a restraining order requested by Rocky Mountain Bank .
The bank requested the order after it mistakenly sent the bank records for more than 1,000 customers to the wrong Gmail account .
In the order granted by the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California in San Francisco , Google was told to deactivate the Gmail account and to provide contact information about the user of the Gmail account and whether he or she had read the e-mail .
Google and the Gmail account holder also were told they could n’t read the email , download the records or forward them to anyone .
A Gmail user who did nothing wrong had his or her account shut down because of the bank ’s monumental screw up .
And Google , a company that basically prints its own cash , did n’t lift a finger to protect the rights of one of its users .
I love my Gmail account but this is a good reminder that there is NO privacy with any e-mail provider when push comes to shove .
Public Citizen is representing Media Post Communications in this case .
One of their reporters , Wendy Davis , has written extensively about the bank ’s bungled email and Google ’s lack of intestinal fortitude :
Some lawyers say the [ court ’s ] order is problematic because it affects the Gmail account holder ’s First Amendment rights to communicate online , as well as his or her privacy rights . . .
Eric Goldman , director of the High Tech Law Institute at Santa Clara University , adds that the judge ’s order could have significant ramifications for the Gmail account holder .
“ Losing an email account is a big deal , ” he said .
“ It ’s very disconcerting to think that a judge could simply order my account deactivated . ”
Media
Post wants to review the sealed report – with the Gmail user ’s identifying information redacted .
Public Citizen attorney Paul Alan Levy says anyone who trusts Google / Gmail with their private information should be interested in what happens in this case .
“ Beyond the bank ’s sheer incompetence is the fact that Google wants to keep this report secret to avoid embarrassment at how easily it gave in to Rocky Mountain Bank ’s violation of the Gmail user ’s rights , ” said Paul Alan Levy , the Public Citizen attorney who , along with Erica Craven - Green of San Francisco , is handling the case .
“ Google ’s customers have a right to know the amount of information the company released . ”
Tony Blair meets a member of the RAF regiment after the memorial service .
He was later snubbed by the father of a dead soldier .
Photograph : Jonathan Brady / EPA
Six - and - a- half years after he sent British forces into battle in Iraq , Tony Blair today came face to face with the uncomfortable consequences of his decision when the father of one of the 178 military personnel who died in the conflict refused to shake his hand , denouncing him as a " war criminal " .
Peter Brierley , whose son Lance Corporal Shaun Brierley died in a road accident while on service in Iraq barely a week after the invasion in March 2003 , publicly snubbed the former prime minister at a reception that followed a service commemorating those who served in the conflict .
As Blair proffered his hand , Brierley told him : " I 'm not shaking your hand , you 've got blood on it . "
Later , Brierley , from Batley , West Yorkshire , who has campaigned for a number of years for an inquiry into the war , said : " I believe Tony Blair is a war criminal .
I can't bear to be in the same room as him ...
I believe he's got the blood of my son and all of the other men and women who died out there on his hands . "
The incident topped off a discomfiting day for Blair , who had previously heard Rowan Williams , the Archbishop of Canterbury , speak pointedly at the service at St Paul 's cathedral , London , of the " mistakes " of those behind the conflict , including those " policymakers " who had lost sight of the cost of war .
" Many people of my generation and younger grew up doubting we should ever see another straightforward international conflict , fought by a standing army with conventional weapons , " Williams said .
" We had begun to forget the realities of cost .
And when such conflict appeared on the horizon , there were those among both policymakers and commentators who were able to talk about it without really measuring the price , the cost of justice . "
The prime minister , Gordon Brown , and Iraq 's president , Jalal Talibani , were joined at the service by a dozen senior members of the royal family , including the Queen , the Prince of Wales and Prince William , bereaved family members , and 2,000 of the 100,000 personnel who served in Iraq during Britain 's six - year engagement , which formally ended in April this year .
But it was the suntanned man sitting in the row behind his Downing Street successor whose presence excited most comment , and who perhaps felt the archbishop 's words most keenly .
Williams criticised the " invisible enemies – letting ends justify means , letting others rather than oneself carry the cost , denying the difficulties or the failures so as to present a good public face " – that had menaced those involved in the conflict .
Williams is blessed with a sonorous lilt and a subtle prose style that can sometimes make his words , at first , seem more emollient than they are .
This was no soothing homily from a man who has previously described decisions leading to Britain 's involvement in the war as being morally and practically flawed .
" Reflecting on the Iraq campaign , we cannot say that no mistakes were ever made – when has that ever been the case ? "
Williams said .
" But we can be grateful for the courage and honesty shown in facing them .
Justice does not come without cost .
In the most obvious sense , it is the cost of life and safety .
But there is another sort of cost involved in holding back the easy instinctive response and checking that you are genuinely doing something for the sake of long - term building or healing . "
He alluded to the vexed questions those responsible had faced , however , even as he emphasised that the justice of the war itself remained under debate .
" In a world as complicated as ours has become , it would be a very rash person who would feel able to say without hesitation , this was absolutely the right or the wrong thing to do , the right or the wrong place to be , " he said .
Only once , and then obliquely , were the uncounted mass of Iraqi dead referred to , when the archbishop prayed for " those whose memory we cherish , and those whose names we will never know " .
Monarchs , princes , politicians and soldiers are dwarfed equally under the dome of St Paul's .
It was collectively , in its clumps of khaki , navy and air force blue , that the congregation had its force .
In a sea of sober suits and sharply ironed uniforms , what stood out were the scarlet sashes , the gold epaulettes , the thousands of polished medals .
For the past decade I 've been a software engineer at Google in California .
In my spare time I 've created a mélange of open - source software .
I 've also built some rather unusual hardware .
On rare occasions I 've even been known to write something interesting .
Broken QW - MS305D
Sunday , 26 April 2020
If you do n't have a malfunctioning QW - MS305D power supply , you can stop reading now .
The QW - MS305D is a great little 30V 5A adjustable power supply that can be bought for around $ 50 .
But after taxing it too hard , mine suddenly stopped functioning .
When powered on , the output voltage shot up to 63V , then dwindled to 0V .
The knobs had no effect .
Here 's a video of this behaviour :
Searching online showed that I 'm not the first person to have this issue .
Some suggestions were made on forums , but nobody followed up with the results ( hence this post ) .
Inspecting the inside revealed no obvious damage .
There were four large ( TO - 220 ) heat - sinked semiconductors that were my prime suspects .
And sure enough , as soon as I replaced the P75NF75 ( Power MOSFET ) , the power supply started operating normally .
Easy fix .
Hope this helps some other owners of malfunctioning QW - MS305D power supplies .
Older news : Four Years - Pentominoes - Pin Art - App Engine Python 3 - Archive
From HaskellWiki
Warning
Do n't be surprised if you leave this page more confused than before .
That just means that it has successfully destroyed your false assumptions , or that you 've fallen for some horrible inside joke .
Beware of Zygohistomorphic prepromorphisms .
Go for warm and fuzzy , instead .
Monads are not a good choice as topic for your first Haskell blog entry
... just accept that they 're burritos , and wait until later .
Monads are not a language feature
Really .
They are defined in terms of Haskell , not Haskell in terms of them .
Conversely ,
Haskell does n't need Monads
... well , apart from the current Haskell standard defining the way IO is done in terms of Monads :
It could be done differently and still work .
Monads are not impure
... In no way whatsoever .
You do n't even need flexible morals to claim it .
To be more specific , it 's IO that 's impure .
That makes the IO monad impure .
But that 's not a general property of monads - just IO .
And even then , we can pretend that Haskell is a purely functional description language for imperative programs .
But we did n't want to employ flexible morals , now did we ?
Monads are not about state
While it is certainly possible to abstract away explicit state passing by using a Monad , that 's not what a monad is .
Some examples for monads that are not about state : Identity monad , Reader monad , List monad , Continuation monad , Exception monad .
Monads are not about strictness
Monad operations ( bind and return ) have to be non-strict in fact , always !
However other operations can be specific to each monad .
For instance some are strict ( like IO ) , and some are non-strict ( like [ ] ) .
Then there are some that come in multiple flavours , like State .
Try the following :
runState ( sequence .
repeat $ state ( \ x -> ( x , x + 1 ) ) )
0
Having a look at the implementation of fixIO might be helpful , too .
Monads are not values
This point might be driven home best by pointing out that instance Monad Foo where ... is not a data type , but a declaration of a typeclass instance .
However , to elaborate :
Monads are not values in the same sense that addition and multiplication are not numbers :
They capture a -- very specific -- relationship between values of a specific domain into a common abstraction .
We 're going to call these values monads manage mobits , somewhat like this :
type Mobit m a = Monad m => m a
The IO monad manages mobits representing side - effects ( " IO actions " ) .
The List monad manages mobits representing multiple values ( " [ a ] " )
The Reader monads manages mobits that are pure computations that use asks to propagate information instead of explicit arguments
... and while addition and multiplication are both monoids over the positive natural numbers , a monad is a monoid object in a category of endofunctors : return is the unit , and join is the binary operation .
It could n't be more simple .
If that confuses you , it might be helpful to see a Monad as a lax functor from a terminal bicategory .
Monads are not a replacement for applicative functors
Instead , every monad is an applicative functor ( as well as a functor ) .
It is considered good practice not to use >>= if all you need is <*> , or even fmap .
Not confusing which features of monads are specific to monads only and which stem from applicative functors is vitally important for a deeper understanding of monads .
As an example , the applicative functor interface of parser libraries can parse context - free languages ( modulo hacks abusing open recursion ) , while the monadic interface can parse context - sensitive grammars :
Monads allow you to influence further processing by inspecting the result of your parse .
To understand why , have a look at the type of >>=.
To understand why applicative functors by themselves are sufficient to track the current parsing position and express sequencing , have a look at the uu-parsinglib tutorial ( pdf ) .
The exact differences are elaborated in even greater detail in Brent Yorgey 's excellent Typeclassopedia .
Monads are not about ordering / sequencing
Monads are commonly used to order sequences of computations .
But this is misleading .
Just as you can use monads for state , or strictness , you can use them to order computations .
But there are also commutative monads , like Reader , that do n't order anything .
So ordering is not in any way essential to what a monad is .
Let 's have a look at what 's meant by ordering .
Consider an expression like
let x = a y = b in f x y
That gives the same result as
let y = b x = a in f x y
It does n't matter what order we write the two bindings .
But for doing I / O we 'd like ordering .
Monads allow us to express
do x <- get Char y <- get Char return ( x , y )
and have it be different from
do y <- get Char x <- get Char return ( x , y )
Unlike the first , the second example returns a pair of characters in the opposite order to which they were entered .
It might help to meditate about the difference between ' assignment ' and ' binding ' , right now .
However , just to spoil the enlightenment you just attained , there are monads for which swapping the order of lines like this makes no difference :
For example , the Reader monad .
So while it is correct to say that monads can be used to order operations , it would be wrong to say that monads are a mechanism for ordering operations .
This notion of commutativity looks superficially very different from the familiar one in vanilla algebra where a +b=b+a .
It does n't mean that
m >> n === n >> m
which does n't hold in general for any non-trivial monad , as for the most part
return 1 >> return 2 === return 2 =/= return 1 === return 2 >> return 1
This should n't be too surprising , though , as >> is n't the binary operation of a monoid .
The category - theoretic definition of a commutative monad is rather more abstract .
After warning letters were sent to owners 60 days ago ( below ) , teams of Kevlar - armed Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) officers are seizing grey market Nissan Skyline GT - Rs imported by Kaizo according to GTR USA Blog .
Below , why it happened .
Advertisement
Last August the letter below was sent from the Southern California United States Attorney 's office stating that " the referenced Nissan Skyline automobile ... is not in compliance with U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and U.S. Department of Transportation requirements . "
The letter goes on to state that the vehicles can't be operated and the feds are coming for them within 60 days .
They were n't lying .
According to GTR USA , two R34s and an R32 have already been seized and , if the letter above is an indication , an R33 is on the list .
Advertisement
Importing vehicles without the appropriate credentialing from the appropriate U.S. agencies almost always ends up with cars being seized by the government , especially Skylines , and people getting fined or jail time .
In this case , the cars were imported by Kaizo under a special exemption for automotive parts .
They brought over the shells and drivetrains separately and then reassembled them .
They were then , apparently , registered under the law as SB 100 , which is for kit / show cars .
This exemption allows vehicles not driven frequently to be registered without smog checks .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
We have a feeling these cars are being driven frequently .
The U.S. Attorney ended his letter " Very Truly Yours " but it looks like those Nissans are now " Very Truly His . "
Advertisement
[ Document Credit : GTR USA Blog , GTR USA Blog ]
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement By Zoe Kleinman and Mark Ward
Technology reporters , BBC News
Of all the extras that can be bought to make more of a PC , the humble printer is probably the most popular .
But that humility might conceal a house guest that costs much more to run than most people realise .
While the device may be very cheap to buy initially , especially if bought at the same time as its companion PC , the running costs can , and do , mount up .
Particularly if a printer is used to produce a lot of high - quality colour copies .
It is well known that printer ink costs more per millilitre than the finest champagne .
And it is in the costs of the ink that manufacturers claw back what they lose every time a printer is sold .
Long - term costs Lizzy Russles , a computer expert at consumer organisation
Which ?
counsels people to look at a printer 's long - term running costs .
With our cartridges you can get anything from 200 - 2000 pages
Martin Hurren , business development manager for HP Supplies
The cheaper a printer , she warns , the sooner its cartridges were likely to need replacing and the higher the ongoing costs .
The problem most people face when trying to gauge how economical their printer is with that very expensive ink is that the machine is not very good at working out when all the ink is gone .
An investigation by the BBC found that some inkjet cartridges have their ink contained in a sponge rather than free flowing - as a result the machine has to estimate when the ink is drying up rather than use a defined level like in a car fuel tank .
" It 's not our intention to have any sort of scam involved with this , " says Martin Hurren , business development manager for HP Supplies .
" A lot of it is down to technology - different technology is used with different cartridges . "
Many printers err on the side of caution and warn when the cartridge is getting empty .
There are good technical reasons for this because printer heads can be damaged if they run completely dry .
" Some of the technology we use requires ink to remain in the cartridge so that the printer head can have a fluid motion and allow ink to pass through the printer when you change the cartridge , " says Mr Hurren .
Warnings ignored
However , the internet is dotted with stories about people who have ignored the warnings from their printer and gone on to print many , many more pages before the cartridge gives up the ghost .
Printer ink costs more per millilitre than the finest champagne But , says Mr Hurren , it was hard to compare one person 's experience with another because of the range of things printers can turn out .
" The number of pages varies depending on the way you print , photos are different to business documents , " he says .
" With our cartridges you can get anything from 200 - 2000 pages . "
What also complicates matters is that some makes of printers have cartridges that are tagged with ID chips .
The printer notes which ones are in use as it is printing .
When one runs out and an owner tries to trick the machine by slipping the same one back in to get more pages , the printer will refuse because it thinks that cartridge is empty .
These identification systems are also used in larger office printers .
However , it is possible to trick the printer in thinking an older cartridge is new .
In some models the memory reserved for the tags can only hold a couple of ID numbers so swapping in totally empty ones will clear out the cache so the one with ink remaining can be replaced .
It is also possible to buy chip resetters for some makes of cartridge so the printer is totally fooled into thinking that an old one is new .
Ms Russles from
Which says it is definitely worthwhile investigating the running costs of a printer before buying one .
She said it was probably worth avoiding cartridges that combine all colours in one package .
This is because when one colour runs out , perhaps cyan after printing out holiday snaps , the whole thing has to be replaced .
Wasteful ?
A study by Epson carried out in 2007 found that up to 60 % of ink in a cartridge goes to waste .
Up to 60 % of ink in a cartridge may go to waste
The tests , carried out by the TUV Rheinland research group , tested printers that use multi-ink cartridges and found there was a lot of waste when one colour runs dry .
The fact that many desktop inkjet printers hold their ink in a sponge means that they are eminently refillable .
In most cases peeling off the label on the top of the cartridge reveals handy holes where fresh ink can be squeezed in .
But , warns Ms Russles , this is not for everyone .
The results can vary , not all models of printer allow their cartridges to be refilled and it can be very messy if something goes wrong .
One alternative is a continuous ink system that , as its name implies , constantly pipes ink to the cartridge so it never runs out .
This , says Ms Russles , has a following online but is not for the fainthearted or technical novice .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
portrait of Matthias Männer // we 're an empire now , and we create our own reality , 2005 , installation , 270 x 450 x 500 cm ,
© Matthias Männer , Courtesy Gallery Dina4 Projekte , Munich
Guest Contribution by Pascal Panagiotidis
Technology versus Organic
Life fighting in an imaginary world .
Or is it a real world ?
Perhaps our world ?
What would be the result of this fight and what would be the consequences for the humanity ?
Matthias Männer comes to give his point of view to this question through his work , geometrical installations representing both the real and unreal world .
He was born in Mitterteich ( Germany ) in 1976 and he currently lives and works in Munich .
In 2004 he graduated from the Academy of Fine Arts in Munich and in 2008 won a " Leonhard & Ida Wolf Memorial " Award .
we 're an empire now , and we create our own reality , 2005 , installation , 270 x 450 x 500 cm ,
© Matthias Männer , Courtesy Gallery Dina4 Projekte , Munich
Matthias Männer ’s fields are Painting and Installation , two areas that both combined create a world full of inanimate creatures .
This is an imaginary world where there is a constant fight between organic life and technologically advanced objects , a competition about taking over the control .
In this concept Matthias is dealing with the modern society ’s demands .
Adapting geometrical shapes he creates installation objects which however are used only as prototypes as their natural dimensions would most probably prohibit their materialization .
Häscher , 2008 , mixed media , 207 x 228 x 161 cm ,
© Matthias Männer , Courtesy Gallery Dina4 Projekte , Munich
Through their simple geometry these concepts grow out of the wall showing the way to a parallel universe far away from the real or visible world .
These installations also reflect the need of the human beings to fight against modern technology and its inanimate creatures ; they also represent the desire of everybody for the perfection that derives from his latest creations , a fruit of this advanced - in every possible aspect - world .
Distributor 1.1 . Module 4611602 , 2007 , mixed media , 75 x 600 x 600 cm ,
© Matthias Männer , Courtesy Gallery Dina4 Projekte , Munich
However these objects of no life at all , seem to be alive in their one way ; an achievement of the designer ’s perspective who manages to blow life and soul to these creatures .
After all , no matter how strong or dominating Technology is , Life seems to put its own rules which are beyond and over any human devices or creations .
This is how it has always been and probably will be in the future .
Bug , 2009 , mixed media , 60 x 120 x 250 cm ,
© Matthias Männer , Courtesy Gallery Dina4 Projekte , Munich
Organfalle , 2008 , installation , 350 x 870 x 360 cm ,
© Matthias Männer , Courtesy Gallery Dina4 Projekte , Munich
Datenkabel , 2006 , installation , © Matthias Männer , Courtesy Gallery Dina4 Projekte , Munich
A Shape of Things to Come , 2007 , mixed media , 150 x 700 x 160 cm ,
© Matthias Männer , Courtesy Gallery Dina4 Projekte , Munich
undisclosed connection , 2007 , installation ,
© Matthias Männer , Courtesy Gallery Dina4 Projekte , Munich
upcoming Exhibitions
me.machine
Opening : 05/11/2009 , 18-21h
Exhibition : 06/11 - 12/12/2009
Wed - Fr 13 - 18h , Sat 12 - 16 h
Dina4 Projekte
Theresienstrasse 51
80333 Munich
deep dig dug
Opening : 06/03/2010 , 18-21h
Exhibition : 07/03 - 25/04/2010
Tokyo Wonder Site Hongo
2-4-16 Hongo , Bunkyou - ku ,
Tokyo 113-0033
The first large black holes in the universe likely formed and grew deep inside gigantic , starlike cocoons that smothered their powerful x-ray radiation and prevented surrounding gases from being blown away , says a new study led by the University of Colorado at Boulder .
The formation process involved two stages , said Mitchell Begelman , a professor and the chair of CU - Boulder 's astrophysical and planetary sciences department .
The predecessors to black hole formation , objects called supermassive stars , probably started forming within the first few hundred million years after the Big Bang some 14 billion years ago .
A supermassive star eventually would have grown to a huge size -- as much as tens of millions of times the mass of our sun -- and would have been short - lived , with its core collapsing in just in few million years , he said .
In the new study to be published in Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society in London , Begelman calculated how supermassive stars might have formed , as well as the masses of their cores .
These calculations allowed him to estimate their subsequent size and evolution , including how they ultimately left behind " seed " black holes .
Begelman said the hydrogen - burning supermassive stars would had to have been stabilized by their own rotation or some other form of energy like magnetic fields or turbulence in order to facilitate the speedy growth of black holes at their centers .
" What 's new here is we think we have found a new mechanism to form these giant supermassive stars , which gives us a new way of understanding how big black holes may have formed relatively fast , " said Begelman .
The main requirement for the formation of supermassive stars is the accumulation of matter at a rate of about one solar mass per year , said Begelman .
Because of the tremendous amount of matter consumed by supermassive stars , subsequent seed black holes that formed in their centers may have started out much bigger than ordinary black holes -- which are the mass of only a few Earth suns -- and subsequently grew much faster .
After the seed black holes formed , the process entered its second stage , which Begelman has dubbed the " quasistar " stage .
In this phase , black holes grew rapidly by swallowing matter from the bloated envelope of gas surrounding them , which eventually inflated to a size as large as Earth 's solar system and cooled at the same time , he said .
advertisement
Once quasistars cooled past a certain point , radiation began escaping at such a high rate that it caused the gas envelope to disperse and left behind black holes up to 10,000 times or more the mass of Earth 's sun , Begelman said .
With such a big head start over ordinary black holes , they could have grown into supermassive black holes millions or billions of times the mass of the sun either by gobbling up gas from surrounding galaxies or merging with other black holes in extremely violent galactic collisions .
The quasistar phase was analyzed in a 2008 paper published by Begelman in collaboration with CU Professor Phil Armitage and Research Associate Elena Rossi .
" Until recently , the thinking by many has been that supermassive black holes got their start from the merging of numerous , small black holes in the universe , " he said .
" This new model of black hole development indicates a possible alternate route to their formation . "
Black holes are extremely dense celestial objects believed to be formed by the collapse of stars and which have such a strong gravitational field that nothing , not even light , can escape .
While black holes are not directly detectable by astronomers , the movement of stellar matter swirling around them and powerful jets of gas blasting outward provides evidence for their existence .
Ordinary black holes are thought to be remnants of stars slightly larger than our sun that used up their fuel and died , he said .
The supermassive black holes created early in the history of the universe may have gone on to produce the phenomenon of quasars -- the very bright , energetic centers of distant galaxies that can be a trillion times brighter than our sun .
There also is evidence that a supermassive black hole inhabits the center of every massive galaxy today , including our own Milky Way , said Begelman .
" Big black holes formed via these supermassive stars could have had a huge impact on the evolution of the universe , including galaxy formation , " he said .
Begelman is collaborating with University of Michigan astrophysicist Marta Volonteri , comparing the possible formation of supermassive black holes from supermassive stars and quasistars versus their creation by the merging of ordinary black holes left behind by the collapse of the universe 's earliest stars .
Scientists may be able to use NASA 's James Webb Space Telescope , slated for launch in 2013 , to look back in time and hunt for the cocoon - like supermassive stars near the edges of the early universe , which would shine brightly in the near infrared portion of the electromagnetic spectrum , said Begelman .
Up to one million Hindu devotees have gathered in a village in Nepal to witness the slaughter of hundreds of thousands of animals in a mass sacrifice that has drawn widespread criticism .
Worshippers travelled long distances , many coming from neighbouring India , to attend the two - day Gadhimai festival , which honours the Hindu goddess of power and takes place once every five years in southern Nepal .
A huge cry of " Long Live Gadhimai ! " went up after the village temple 's head priest launched the event with the ritual sacrifice of two rats , two pigeons , a rooster , a lamb and a pig .
The crowd then rushed to a nearby field where 250 sword - wielding butchers began the mass slaughter of around 20,000 buffalo , brought by devotees to be sacrificed near the holy temple .
" This is a very special day for Hindu devotees , " head priest Mangal Chaudhary Tharu said as the festival began .
" All the people who came here to worship Gadhimai have been waiting a long time for this day .
I am very proud to be part of this event , " added Mr Tharu , the fourth generation of his family to serve as a priest at the temple .
A reporter at the scene said up to a million devotees were crammed into the area for the festival .
Many were from India , where some states have banned animal slaughter for religious purposes .
Chanchal Shah , a 55 - year - old farmer from the northern Indian state of Bihar , travelled to Bariyapur by tractor with dozens of relatives to sacrifice a buffalo in thanks for the birth of his grandson .
" We have come to celebrate the birth of my daughter 's son , " Mr Shah said .
" She got married two years ago and I had promised I would sacrifice an animal after she had her first child .
I know that sacrificing is a bad idea , but I am scared the goddess will be angry if I do not keep my promise . "
' Cruel ' sacrifice
Animal rights activists , who have waged a vocal campaign to have the festival stopped , say they believe their message that sacrifice is cruel is beginning to be heard in deeply conservative , majority - Hindu Nepal .
Their cause is supported by the well - known Indian animal rights activist Maneka Gandhi and by the French film star turned campaigner Brigitte Bardot , who this month wrote to Nepal 's president urging him to ban the practice .
But the government has refused to put a stop to what it says is a centuries - old religious tradition .
Mahesh Yadav , a Nepalese farmer who arrived with a black goat tethered to the back of his bicycle , said he wanted to thank Gadhimai for giving him a son .
" I had seven daughters in a row so I promised the goddess I would sacrifice a goat if she gave me a son , " he said .
" Eight years ago the goddess listened and my son was born . "
The buffalo slaughter took place in a field surrounded by a three - metre wall , and will be followed by the ritual sacrifice of around 300,000 goats , sheep and birds .
Many festival - goers scaled the wall to get a better view of the killings , carried out by volunteers .
Armed police were deployed around the temple grounds , but the event passed off mainly peacefully .
- AFP
ATLANTA , Nov. 7 ( UPI ) --
An Atlanta bus driver was suspended for insisting his passengers join him in a prayer , his employer says .
Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority spokesman Lyle V. Harris said LeRoy Matthews received a five - day furlough after passengers said he stopped his bus and asked all riders to hold hands and take part in a moment of prayer , The Atlanta Journal - Constitution reported Saturday .
Advertisement
An unidentified passenger said he was trying to get off the bus Tuesday , when Matthews made his prayer request .
The impromptu prayer session on the public bus lasted at least 4 minutes and the focus of the prayer remained unclear , Harris said .
The Journal - Constitution said Matthews has been a MARTA employee for six years .
President Ahmadinejad 's visit has been criticised by Israel Brazil has reaffirmed its support for Iran 's right to a civilian nuclear programme , but called for a " just and balanced " solution with the West .
During a visit to Brazil by the Iranian president , President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva criticised attempts to isolate Iran over its nuclear ambitions .
But he also urged Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to engage with the West .
Western powers fear Iran is developing nuclear weapons technology , rather than civilian uses as it claims .
It is the first visit by an Iranian president to Brazil , which maintains close ties to the US , Israel and other countries trying to block Iran 's nuclear ambitions .
But Brazilian President Lula said he opposes further sanctions on Iran , and called for diplomacy instead .
" We recognise Iran 's right to develop a peaceful nuclear programme in compliance with international accords .
" I encourage you to continue engaging interested countries to seek a just and balanced solution on the Iranian nuclear issue , " he said to Mr Ahmadinejad at a press conference .
Iran reticence Iran has yet to respond to a plan brokered by the International Atomic Energy Agency , and agreed by Russia , the US and France last month .
Under the plan most of Iran 's enriched uranium would be sent abroad to be turned into fuel rods for research use .
This is seen as a way for Iran to get the fuel it needs , while giving guarantees to the West that it will not be used for nuclear weapons .
Mr Ahmadinejad 's visit to Brazil has already drawn criticism from Israel and members of the US Congress .
US State Department spokesman Robert Wood declined to comment on the meeting , but before the event , he said he hoped Brazil would raise some of the US concerns with the Iranian leader .
New York congressman Eliot Engel said President Lula was making " a serious error " by " lending legitimacy " to Mr Ahmadinejad .
Israel too called it a " mistake " for Brazil to host him , AFP reports .
Since coming to power in 2005 , Mr Ahmadinejad has sought to build ties with leftist south American leaders .
His five - nation tour also takes him to Venezuela and Bolivia , with stops in the West African countries of Senegal and Gambia on the way home .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
While the American far - right rants against alleged “ Obama death panels ” and other Freddy Krueger - like scarecrows to frighten–and divert –the kiddies , our capitalist masters , as they are wont to do , gaze at the spectacle , laugh , and then tighten the screws .
Health care for all derailed ?
Mission accomplished !
Meanwhile , despite alarm amongst civil liberties groups , public health researchers and other “ reality - based ” evil - doers who have n’t slaked their thirst with “ birther ” kool - aid , the Obama administration “ is quietly dusting off an effort to impose new federal quarantine regulations ” to “ contain ” the H1N1 flu virus , Politico revealed .
“ While any discussion of quarantine may stoke public fears of barbed wire camps filled with infected Americans or closures of international borders ” Politico reports , “ public health experts said that sort of approach to H1N1 flu would not be effective . ”
While White House officials are n’t talking , Wendy Mariner , a professor of law and public health at Boston University told the publication , “ it ’s not really going to help . ”
And if the H1N1 pandemic behaves in a manner similar to the 1957 outbreak of H2N2 influenza then “ closing schools , stopping large gatherings and other such measures are unlikely to do much , ” a team of public health experts told Reuters .
“ Efforts to mitigate it were futile , ” Brooke Courtney , a researcher with the Center for Biosecurity at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center told the wire service .
“ In 1957 it was decided pretty early on that efforts to quarantine or isolate people would not be effective , ” Courtney said .
Why ?
Because by the time the H2N2 strain was diagnosed it was already “ too widespread ” for a quarantine of affected individuals to serve a useful purpose .
Despite warnings from public health researchers , the Obama administration is moving full - speed ahead .
And with a September target date for new federal regulations , CDC spokeswoman Christine Pearson told Politico , “ It ’s important to public health to move forward with the regulations .
We need to update our quarantine regulations , and this final rule is an important step . ”
Not everyone is convinced , however .
“ It does n’t surprise me that when swine flu or any other epidemic is featured prominently in the news , we see a return to quarantine and other public health regulations , ” said Christopher Calabrese of the American Civil Liberties Union , which sharply criticized the Bush - era proposal as too heavy - handed .
“ The enemy here is n’t the American people or sick people .
It ’s an illness .
…
Police officers with guns cannot make people obey a quarantine .
In order for this to work , it has to be collaborative .
They have to trust the government . ” ( Josh Gerstein , “ Obama Team Mulls New Quarantine Regs , ” Politico , August 5 , 2009 )
While Calabrese is certainly correct in a technical sense that “ the enemy here is n’t the American people or sick people , ” from the standpoint of a predatory national security state that views all disorder –including illness–as a dire threat to the heimat , what better means to keep the rabble in line than a state - imposed quarantine enforced by “ police officers with guns ” ?
As Global Research analyst Michel Chossudovsky wrote in July , “ it is in the interest of the political power brokers and the dominant financial actors to divert public attention from an understanding of the global crisis . ”
Despite clear signs that the economic crisis continues to deepen on a planetary scale and that state efforts to mitigate the greatest financial collapse since the Great Depression have failed , as World Socialist Web Site analyst Barry Grey points out , the Federal Reserve Board ’s “ upbeat assessment ” fails to take into account that “ new data on unemployment , home foreclosures , home prices and retail sales painted a picture of growing economic distress for tens of millions of Americans . ”
But “ growing economic distress ” for the majority of Americans have translated into rising corporate profits “ on the basis of a deep and protracted decline in the wages , working conditions and wealth of the working class . ”
Under such dire conditions , combustible social fuel could lead to an unprecedented political explosion .
Therefore , as Chossudovsky observes “ an atmosphere of fear and intimidation which serves to weaken and disarm organized dissent ” must be manufactured , one whose “ objective is to undermine all forms of opposition and social resistance . ”
How will these goals be accomplished by the capitalist state ?
Chossudovsky avers : “ In this framework , the occurrence of ‘ natural disasters , ’ ‘ pandemics , ’ ‘ environmental catastrophes ’ also plays a useful political role .
It distorts the real causes of the crisis .
It justifies a global public health emergency on humanitarian grounds . ”
And as with other “ extraordinary circumstances ” such as those which followed the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks and the declaration of a global war against terrorism , a militarized and repressive state will step in to fill the breech , this time as public health “ savior . ”
In this context , Boston University ’s Wendy Mariner ’s statement that “ proposals to limit liberty ” through quarantine regulations by the federal government “ represent a dangerous precedent to constitutional theory ” must be viewed through the lens of capital ’s deepening economic , political and social crisis .
Despite the fact that “ there ’s almost no evidence it will matter ” in terms of mitigating an H1N1 pandemic outbreak , as Mariner averred “ it would n’t surprise me if they try to sneak this past in August , when people are away . ”
And with a bipartisan consensus in Washington to fork over billions of dollars to enterprising drug manufacturers , it ’s a sure bet that “ liberal ” Democrats and “ conservative ” Republicans will do what they do best : toe the corporatist line .
Project BioShield
While objections to new federal quarantine regulations may be widespread , the Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) , particularly that agency ’s Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority ( BARDA ) is pulling out all the stops .
Similar to the Pentagon ’s Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) , a satrapy for arms manufacturers and other death merchants , HHS ’s Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority freely doles out billions of dollars in taxpayer boodle to Big Pharma .
According to a blurb on their web site BARDA , a distinct entity within the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response ( ASPR ) at HHS “ provides an integrated , systematic approach to the development and purchase of the necessary vaccines , drugs , therapies , and diagnostic tools for public health medical emergencies . ”
Well and good as far as it goes ( which is n’t very far ) , BARDA does more , much more .
Under the Bush regime , Congress passed the Project BioShield Act of 2004 , a particularly grotesque piece of Bushist legislative flotsam “ as part of a broader strategy to defend America against the threat of weapons of mass destruction . ”
You can bet however , they do n’t mean WMDs like the weaponized anthrax that came from Pentagon stockpiles and was used in the 2001 anthrax attacks .
While “ only ” five people may have died , panic gripped the country as the capitol was shut - down and the national security state sunk its claws ever - deeper into civil institutions .
Never mind that a far - greater threat to the health and safety of the American people comes from the Bioweapons - Industrial - Complex than from the H1N1 strain of the influenza virus .
Or that this nexus of academic , corporate and militarist grifters operate with little in the way of effective oversight as a growing spate of accidents and unauthorized experiments at BSL - 3 and BSL - 4 facilities readily attest .
( For a round - up of incidents through 2007 , see The Sunshine Project ’s essential web archive . )
Despite poor safety records and lax controls by federal authorities , America ’s bioweaponeers are devising ever - more devilish weapons in the form of genetically - modified pathogens such as antibiotic - resistant smallpox or a reassembled strain of the 1918 influenza virus that killed upwards of 40 million people .
( For details see : Edward Hammond , Emerging Technologies : Genetic Engineering and Biological Weapons , The Sunshine Project , Background Paper No. 12 , November 2003 )
Indeed as written , the BioShield legislation provides HHS and the National Institutes of Health “ contracting flexibility , infrastructure improvements , and expediting the scientific peer review process , and streamlining the Food and Drug Administration approval process of countermeasures . ”
In other words , Project BioShield is little more than a generous public handout to unaccountable private corporations .
Hence the law ’s emphasis on “ contracting flexibility , ” the old public funding / private profit dodge that empowers FDA to “ streamline ” ( cut- corners ) the scientific peer review process in order to “ expedite ” ( fast - track ) “ countermeasures ” ( new drugs ) with little concern for public health and safety whilst immunizing corporate partners from liability .
In practice , this means that “ in place of the peer review and advisory council review procedures ” HHS will employ such “ expedited peer review procedures ( including consultation with appropriate scientific experts ) as the Secretary , in consultation with the Director of NIH , deems appropriate to obtain assessment of scientific and technical merit and likely contribution to the field of qualified countermeasure research . ”
In plain English , these political appointees beholden to the whims of Executive Branch and congressional grifters in thrall to multinational drug corporations will empower “ scientific experts ” ( e.g. scientists in the employ of Big Pharma ) to rule on the efficacy of “ countermeasures ” for which said corporations reap a handsome profit .
And should things go wrong and people begin dying from inadequately tested vaccines , well then , Congress has a neat solution : foot the American people with the bill !
This is spelled out quite clearly : “ (2 ) FEDERAL TORT CLAIMS ACT COVERAGE .
–( A ) IN GENERAL .
–A person carrying out a contract under paragraph ( 1 ) , and an officer , employee , or governing board member of such person , shall , subject to a determination by the Secretary , be deemed to be an employee of the Department of Health and Human Services for purposes of claims under sections 1346 ( b ) and 2672 of title 28 , United States Code , for money damages for personal injury , including death , resulting from performance of functions under such contract . ”
Therefore , when Congress immunizes corporate entities from civil and criminal penalties by making them federal employees , you know the grift , and the fix , is literally in .
But wait , there ’s more !
The Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response “ works in close collaboration with key partners , including the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of Defense .
HHS , through ASPR / BARDA , executes acquisition programs , utilizing the Special Reserve Fund commensurate with these priorities .
HHS also works to promote open communication of U.S. Government needs to industry , an essential partner in Project BioShield .
The availability of a substantial , long - term funding source was designed to provide the incentive for industry to respond to U.S. Government requirements and develop critical medical countermeasures for the American public . ”
And I thought saving lives would be incentive enough .
What was I thinking !
This is accomplished through the Public Health Emergency Medical Countermeasures Enterprise ( PHEMCE ) .
Like ASPR / BARDA , the PHEMCE includes “ key interagency partners ” the Departments of Defense , Homeland Security and Agriculture .
As Antifascist Calling pointed out in previous articles notably “ Bringing the ( Bio ) War Home , ” under cover of protecting the nation ’s food supply , USDA facilities such as the Plum Island Animal Disease Center ( PIADC ) in partnership with the U.S. Army Medical Institute of Infectious Diseases ( USAMRIID ) carries out dangerous dual - use research that endangers the health and safety of the public .
In the intervening years since Project BioShield legislation was enacted , things have gone from bad to worse .
Since after all , the “ business of government is business , ” giant multinational drug consortiums have been the law ’s biggest winners .
And if the National Biodefense Science Board ( NBSB ) has its way , HHS ’s corporate partners stand to reap an even - greater windfall .
The intelligence and security web site Cryptome posted an August 11 notice buried deep inside the Federal Register .
The NBSB is seeking public comment on the group ’s new working document , “ Inventory of Issues Constraining or Enabling Industry Involvement in Medical Countermeasure Efforts . ”
Cutting through the bureaucratic jargon , NBSB ’s “ Market & Sustainability Work Group ” seeks to hand over even more cash to their “ industry partners . ”
Apparently the FDA ’s already “ streamlined ” review process and “ contracting flexibility ” under Project BioShield is n’t enough for the corporate freebooters reaping billions in hand outs .
NBSB proposes to further “ incentivize ” industry by “ increased federal funding for advanced development , in the form of cost - reimbursement contracts and rewarding private - capital investments with milestone payments at procurement . ”
This would give the drug industry the following “ advantage : ” “ Risk of distraction of large industry partners from commercial mission or dilution of effort [ potential conflict with fiduciary responsibility to shareholders of publicly traded companies ] . ”
Under NBSB ’s proposal , the drug industry stands to grab “ reimbursement of development costs + 15 % , with return - on - working - capital at 22 % , and cost - of - money - for - capital at 15 % . ”
If said corporate patriots swing into action during a national emergency , then “ compensation if commercial product (s ) during emergencies ( e.g. , lost sales , market share , delayed licensing ” are fully paid by the federal government .
Nice work if you can get it !
While it is vital that government , particularly our civilian institutions , plan for contingencies that may arise as the result of a pandemic outbreak of disease or a terrorist attack , the secrecy and opaque procedures surrounding entities such PHEMCE only fuel suspicion .
Indeed , PHEMCE ’s Enterprise Executive Committee , chaired by BARDA and charged with implementing “ tactical activities , ” particularly when such policies are not clearly spelled - out , bolster arguments by Boston University ’s Wendy Mariner that “ proposals to limit liberty represent a dangerous precedent to constitutional theory , particularly when there ’s almost no evidence it will matter . ”
But perhaps the revival of Bush - era quarantine proposals and the NBSB ’s free gifts to corporations already plush with veritable mountains of cash “ matter ” in a different sense , one which those of us armed with socialist “ conspiracy theories ” fail to grasp .
Pentagon Power - Grab : Militarizing the Heimat
As we have witnessed on more than one occasion in recent American history , the nature of a national security state is precisely to usurp civilian power and transfer it to opaque , unaccountable militarist bureaucracies such as the Pentagon .
The Hill reported August 10 that “ a bipartisan pair of governors is opposing a new Defense Department proposal to handle natural and terrorism - related disasters , contending that a murky chain of command could lead to more problems than solutions . ”
Vermont Governor Jim Douglas ( R ) , the chairman of the National Governors Association and Vice Chairman , West Virginia Governor Joe Manchin ( D ) wrote a letter opposing the Pentagon power - grab .
Under current law , governors and not the Department of Defense , exercise control over National Guard units in their own states as well as DoD personnel or any other Guard units from other states deployed under their jurisdiction .
Their objections arose over a Pentagon proposal for a “ legislative fix ” that would give the Secretary of Defense authority “ to assist in response to domestic disasters and , consequently , control over units stationed in an affected state , ” The Hill revealed .
“ We are concerned that the legislative proposal you discuss in your letter would invite confusion on critical command and control issues , complicate interagency planning , establish stove - piped response efforts , and interfere with governors ’ constitutional responsibilities to ensure the safety and security of their citizens , ” Douglas and Manchin wrote to Paul Stockton , assistant secretary of Defense for Homeland Defense and America ’s Security Affairs .
( Reid Wilson , “ Governors Oppose DoD Emergency Powers , ” The Hill , August 10 , 2009 )
After objections by governors were raised to a similar proposal in the House version of the fiscal 2009 Defense authorization legislation , it was removed from the final version of the bill .
It now seems however , that the Pentagon is back seeking to expand their writ over civilian institutions .
That this latest proposal arrives simultaneously with a mandate for new Executive Branch authority to quarantine sick people , should raise public alarm levels .
The Bush regime ’s proposal would have handed the state authority to order a “ provisional quarantine ” of three business days , up to six calendar days , for individuals suspected of being infected with H1N1 “ or other illnesses listed in a presidential executive order . ”
Under regulations proposed , but never implemented by the previous administration , airlines and cruise lines would have been required to store personal data on passengers “ including email addresses , traveling companions and return flight information . ”
Indeed , the information “ would be subject to review by federal officials in a health emergency , though it would be voluntary for passengers to provide the data , ” according to Politico .
This series of disturbing reports follow close on the heels of analysis by Michel Chossudovsky , that a decision has been reached by U.S. Northern Command ( NORTHCOM ) to establish regional teams of military personnel to assist civilian authorities in the event of a “ significant outbreak of the H1N1 virus this fall . ”
Chossudovsky avers that “ the decision points towards the militarization of civilian institutions , including law enforcement and public health . ”
This assertion is validated by the Politico report .
Objecting to the DoD ’s desire to usurp civilian authority over National Guard forces , the letter by prominent governors underscores the danger to civil liberties by an out - of - control Pentagon bureaucracy hell - bent on “ assisting ” civil institutions .
Citing the military ’s consideration of “ a plan to give transportation and laboratory help to the Federal Emergency Management Agency in the event of a major outbreak , ” Chossudovsky writes :
Much of the groundwork for the intervention of the military has already been established .
There are indications that these “ regional teams ” have already been established under USNORTHCOM , which has been involved in preparedness training and planning in the case of a flu pandemic .
Within the broader framework of “ Disaster Relief , ” Northern Command has , in the course of the last two years , defined a mandate in the eventuality of a public health emergency or a flu pandemic .
The emphasis is on the militarization of public health whereby NORTHCOM would oversee the activities of civilian institutions involved in health related services .
( Michel Chossudovsky , “ H1N1 Pandemic : Pentagon Planning Deployment of Troops in Support of Nationwide Vaccination , ” Global Research , July 31 , 2009 )
They would n’t do that , would they ?
Since his inauguration in January , President Barack Obama ’s administration has continued the repressive policies of the Bush regime .
From warrantless wiretapping to corporate give - aways , and from presidential signing statements and the indefinite detention of “ terrorism ” suspects to the escalation of imperialist adventures in Afghanistan and Iraq , like Bush , the Obama administration represents the continuity of policies across a narrow bipartisan political spectrum , designed to bolster the national security state .
Moves to implement quarantine regulations and Pentagon plans to assume control during a national public health emergency are clear signs that democratic decision - making processes in the United States are growing weaker by the day .
Versione Stampabile << torna indietro L'AMORE TRADITO
Come poi potrebbero amarci gli altri , se non ci amiamo noi stessi ?
Non ci si ama quando ci si abbandona alle emozioni negative : se noi viviamo senza controllo le ansie , le insicurezze , le rabbie , le rinunce , le gelosie , le avidità , la depressione , la noia , certamente queste non ci trasformeranno in una persona amabile , né per noi , né per gli altri .
Il primo tradimento verso l’amore avviene quando non lo viviamo , non lo realizziamo , non lo conosciamo .
Se non liberiamo le nostre emozioni , se non approfondiamo le nostre sensazioni ed intuizioni , se non coltiviamo la gioia , la fiducia , la stima , il coraggio , in ogni occasione , l’amore non ha la possibilità di conoscerci , di farci visita , di amarci , di sgorgare dal nostro cuore .
L’amore di noi stessi comprende la cura della nostra autonomia .
Se non coltiviamo la fiducia nelle nostre possibilità , l ’esperienza del creativo , le mancanze si faranno sentire come complessi d’inferiorità , e quindi come proiezioni del bello e del bene solo sugli altri , o particolarmente sulle persone o sulle cose cui si rivolge la persona che ci ama .
Se osserviamo bene , le bramosie , le gelosie , nascono quando sentiamo forme d’impotenza e di depressione dentro di noi .
In questa situazione di vuoto interiore , l ’innamoramento di una persona costituisce la nostra difesa antidepressiva , la consideriamo una felicità provvidenziale .
Quando questa persona si rivolge ad altri e ad altro , pensiamo che per lei tutto costituisca una fonte di attrazione maggiore rispetto all ’esperienza che vive con noi : ci spaventiamo di fronte al confronto indiretto con le altre persone , possibili oggetti di attenzione .
Avvertiamo il pericolo di una perdita del nostro stesso essere .
Ma questa emozione è provocata dalla consapevolezza della nostra impotenza od inferiorità , e questa esisterebbe sempre , anche se l’amante ci riservasse in ogni momento tutte le sue cure .
Le soddisfazioni ed i piaceri sarebbero soltanto delle forme provvisorie di occultamento della realtà interiore di vuoto , il vivere delle energie dell ’ altro ci potrebbe dare soltanto l’illusione di avere risolto qualcosa .
Una persona dovrebbe quindi risolvere le proprie sensazioni d’inferiorità e d’incompletezza , prima o durante l’amore , senza difendersi ignorandole e coprendole .
Se siamo aperti nel cuore , apprezziamo i sentimenti , ma li rivolgiamo prevalentemente verso le persone esterne , rischiamo di considerare la vita e l’amore presenti soltanto nelle persone che amiamo e nelle esperienze che viviamo .
Se mi amo , mi curo , ma poi penso di dipendere da qualcosa , da qualcuno , in realtà non mi amo .
Se siamo formati in un modo per cui il cuore e la sensibilità non trovano la saggia mescolanza con la volontà , il pensiero , lo sviluppo delle capacità , non possiamo contenere l’amore .
Tradiamo l’amore se non siamo capaci di realizzare i nostri interessi , i nostri desideri , i nostri sogni .
La nostra stessa vita in costante realizzazione è il primo amante del nostro cuore .
Chiaramente la vita presenta comunque sofferenze , prove , delusioni , fallimenti , impotenze , ma la forza dell ’amore presenta quel mondo di entusiasmo , di visioni interiori , di possibilità di sentire , pensare e godere la vita , per cui si superano le prove con coraggio e con fiducia .
Tutte le nostre abitudini di appoggiarsi sugli altri , di trovare l’oggetto dell ’amore prima di tutto fuori di noi , di sentire che la nostra stessa vita ha significato soltanto se veniamo accettati ed amati da certe persone , tutto questo non è amore .
Sarà molto umano , tristemente , continuamente umano , ma non è il vero amore .
Cerchiamo gli amanti ideali , coloro che daranno significato alla nostra vita , che valorizzeranno la nostra persona .
Se non abbiamo quella persona , ci arrabbiamo , ci lamentiamo , soffriamo , alimentiamo la sfiducia in noi stessi , fino a forme di ossessione .
Ci hanno sempre insegnato questo , a cercare una relazione che ci renda interi e completi .
Altrimenti ci sentiamo soli .
Ma non siamo mai soli , e l’eventuale solitudine diventa una possibile fonte di percezione nuova e profonda , un modo per scoprire e manifestare se stessi .
Se nell ’amore cerchiamo la sicurezza affettiva , la tranquillità , il rilassamento , la conferma degli altri , il rinforzo della fiducia in noi , creiamo una strana formazione alla rovescia , per cui costruiamo sul nulla degli eventi psicologici che poi ci sembrano reali .
Crediamo di essere più forti , sicuri , creativi , tutte cose di per sé bellissime , se gli altri ci amano .
Se poi gli altri ci lasciano , ecco che crollano miseramente tanti presunti successi .
Un altro tradimento dell ’amore riguarda la scelta di preferire l’affetto sicuro , fraterno e solidale alle intensità delle passioni : in questo modo non vivremo un vero amore sessuale .
Molte volte viviamo rapporti amorosi completamente convinti che sia giusto , bello e desiderabile , cercare degli affetti sicuri e stabili , sui quali ci possiamo appoggiare .
Abbiamo paura delle passioni , dell ’intensità del sentire , abbiamo paura dei vortici amorosi che ci sembra ci allontanino dalla tranquillità superficiale della vita comune .
Tradiamo allora l’amore perché non vogliamo abbandonarci ai misteri ed alle profondità sconvolgenti dell ’amore : abbiamo paura di perderci , per cui non vogliamo coinvolgimenti intimi , non crediamo al cuore , non ci facciamo liberare ed innalzare dai venti delle emozioni .
Quando poi in qualche modo scegliamo dei rapporti , emergono altre forme di tradimento .
Se non manteniamo la lealtà e la continuità della fedeltà a noi stessi , tradiamo noi stessi , l’amore e la persona che amiamo .
Per due persone che si amano intensamente , il primo tradimento riguarda il non avere la cura costante di coltivare l’innamoramento permanente .
Se riteniamo l’amore un fenomeno ricco soltanto di spontaneità , se condividiamo le abitudini di una vita esteriore , prima o poi la passione scenderà e si dissolverà , l’attrazione si cristallizzerà .
Coltiviamo quindi la divinità dell ’amore nostro intimo come in un santuario solenne .
Se ci facciamo invadere dalle insicurezze , dalle depressioni , se scarichiamo tutto questo nel rapporto con il partner , tradiamo la giocosità dell ’amore che vuole nutrirsi solo di ebbrezza .
Senza dubbio l’amore è fatto di rinunce , attenzioni , sacrifici , solidarietà : ma tutto questo va indirizzato alla nostra crescita personale ed alla crescita della coppia .
L’amore implica lo sforzo personale di superare le emozioni negative , risolvendo le prove della vita con fiducia e con coraggio , per poi abbandonarsi con il partner alla condivisione del piacere , della gioia , dell ’entusiasmo , della fantasia , dell ’ abbandono , della donazione della parte migliore di noi , che fiorirà bene soltanto se sapremo coltivarla .
L’amore ha bisogno di continuità energetica , di presenza corporale ed animica ; si coltiva nel mistero , nella bellezza , nell ’impegno della volontà a proteggere ed espandere l’amore , in sé , nella coppia e verso il mondo .
Un modo di tradire l’amore riguarda la convinzione che possa finire .
Può essere che la forma dell ’amore sessuale per qualche motivo possa esaurirsi , può succedere che un amore cambi forma e presenza .
Ma l’intenzione della fedeltà all ’impegno amoroso per la crescita , di se stesso e dell ’ altro , dovrebbe trovare nuove forme , per continuare in modo diverso .
Un vero amore fra due persone non muore mai .
Nell ’amore ci vogliono anche quelle doti di disciplina , costanza ed attenzione , per cui si sa che si tratta di un impegno creativo , in cui la volontà esplicita e forte di amare si esercita anche quando i sentimenti , le attrazioni ed i desideri possano esaurirsi .
L’amore può attraversare il vuoto .
Tutto questo non vuol dire che due amanti non possano considerare esaurita una fase di convivenza amorosa sessuale , che due amici intimi non possano decidere di rallentare la frequenza , anche perché la vita è fatta di molte esperienze , di molti amori , di molte conoscenze .
Ma la fedeltà creativa terrà sempre comunque acceso quel flusso di comunione che ha unito due esseri .
Tutto questo assume una forma di urgenza pensando alle separazioni di coppie che hanno dei figli .
La forma comune dell ’affidamento ad un genitore , od a tutti e due , non è assolutamente sufficiente .
I figli hanno il diritto di continuare ad essere amati dai genitori , che dovrebbero continuare a vivere insieme , pure organizzando la situazione diversa di sospensione dell ’amore sessuale .
Si tradisce l’amore per i figli , in seguito alle separazioni , quando li si costringe ad abbandonare la convivenza con uno dei due genitori .
Mutando serenamente la forma dell ’amore , si potrebbero formare dei nuclei comunitari in cui i genitori rimangono amici ed i nuovi compagni eventuali si aggiungono alla comunità familiare .
Mi sembra un segno di rispetto profondo e di reale amore anche per il compagno o la compagna , dal quale ci si separa soltanto per quanto riguarda l’amore sessuale .
L’altro grande tradimento verso l’amore è l’amore esclusivo , parente stretto dell ’ amore - consumo e dell ’amore - possesso .
L’amore si coltiva nella concentrazione animica profonda , ma non nell ’esigenza o nell ’aspettativa della convivenza costante , o nella concentrazione ossessiva dei due ego , o nella separazione fisica degli amanti dal mondo e dalla società , o nella selva oscura dei bisogni e delle difese incrociate dei due amanti .
Non si coltiva l’amore escludendo le altre persone dall ’amore .
La concentrazione amorosa non è una segnaletica spaziale , in base alla quale si giudica che si sta con una persona perché questa è vicina fisicamente , ed invece le altre sono lontane .
Non si sta con una persona cercando di non stare con gli altri .
L’intensità energetica di una relazione si basa sulla fusione di due esseri unici , fusione che non viene disturbata dalla vicinanza di altre fusioni con altri esseri .
Anzi , l’appartenenza in un ambiente energetico ed amoroso di una rete di rapporti offre energia , sostegno e slancio all ’ebbrezza di ogni singolo amore fra i diversi individui .
Si tradisce l’amore e si tradisce il partner quando ‘ non ’ amiamo gli altri , il mondo , il divino .
Si tradisce l’amore per se stessi e l’amore per l’altro quando pretendiamo di vivere il corpo ed il piacere unicamente come una forma di consumo e di possesso all ’interno di una coppia .
Per cui non può mai risultare come tradimento nella storia di una relazione una disponibilità amorosa di un partner verso altre persone , realizzata con la mente , con l’anima o con il corpo .
Il senso del tradimento , come mancanza di lealtà , mancanza di amore , un venir meno dell ’accordo amoroso , può avvenire pertanto soltanto all ’interno di un rapporto , mai facendo riferimento a comportamenti verso persone esterne .
Si può tradire una persona , nella coppia , fra gli amici , in genere , se si rinnega o si nega l’amore verso quella persona , o se si danneggia direttamente la vita e l’esperienza della persona che abbiamo deciso di amare .
Oggi si continua a pensare che una persona tradisca il partner se fa all ’amore con un’altra persona .
Si pensa lo stesso al tradimento , ma molto meno , se la stessa persona sviluppa interessi , verso un ’altra persona o verso ideali o altre attività , che possono coinvolgere anche molto di più del singolo atto sessuale .
L’amore ha una natura espansiva , esaltante , intrisa di felicità e di beatitudine , che costituisce una forma di ambiente universale .
Quando questo amore viene sentito e coltivato , aumenta , e non diminuisce , l’energia dell ’amore verso una persona precisa .
L’amore aumenta se si espande , si ritira se esclude .
Tutto questo non vuol dire che gli amori , come le persone , non siano unici .
Ma l’unicità viene vissuta vivendo profondamente il rapporto con la persona o l’attività che si ama , e non al contrario , vivendo superficialmente il rapporto , e poi negando tutti gli altri tipi di amore .
Si tradisce l’amore non vivendolo fino in fondo , e non perché altri amori si accendano verso altre persone .
Io posso amare intensamente Claudia , avvertire un amore per Irene , fare all ’amore con Chiara , in un modo che l’amore per Claudia aumenti a dismisura .
Io posso amare intensamente Claudia , ma posso anche essere innamorato di Dio , di una comunità , di un’arte , di uno sport .
Potrebbe quindi succedere tranquillamente che una persona innamorata , e che vive nella parte profonda di se stessa , abbia un cuore ed una mente aperti .
In questa apertura entrano la vita , l’universo , gli altri .
Può anche essere che con questo spirito incontri un ’altra persona , se ne innamori , nell ’ anima o nel corpo , o in tutti e due .
Chiaramente darà attenzione a questo nuovo rapporto , vivrà intensamente il nuovo amore , ma senza togliere nulla all ’amore con la persona che già amava .
Anzi , la nuova ricchezza , si trasformerà in una nuova energia anche per il rapporto precedente .
Chiaramente occorre avviare un processo di trasformazione profonda delle persone per realizzare in modo autentico ed ardente questa prospettiva .
Occorrerà realizzare il viaggio dell ’eroe .
Viviamo oggi tutti la coesistenza del richiamo alla coppia , alla monogamia ed alla famiglia , con una vita sociale che moltiplica a dismisura le situazioni di promiscuità fra i sessi , determinando una stimolazione continua di aspetti degli amori , delle amicizie , delle collaborazioni , dei desideri sessuali .
L’alternarsi fra la fedeltà alla coppia e l’apertura come amanti tradizionali agli altri rapporti , sembra una malattia congenita .
Questa ha le radici inevitabili sia nell ’esistenza di una sessualità di specie che produce continuamente attrazioni e pulsioni naturali , come funzione positiva e sovrabbondante della natura , sia nell ’esistenza di una socializzazione che pone a confronto continuo le persone fra di loro .
La socializzazione si coltiva attraverso i ruoli sociali , le maschere psicologiche , i comportamenti opportunistici , i principi di prestazione e di competitività .
Accanto a questa abbiamo una formazione delle persone abbandonata a se stessa : non esiste un’educazione della sfera emotiva , affettiva e morale .
Per cui le persone ritengono normale vivere nelle insicurezze , nelle impotenze , nelle nevrosi , nelle reattività , non pensano neppure che possono intervenire e risolvere i problemi di identità .
E’ naturale che le ansietà , i bisogni , le dipendenze e le gelosie poi si moltiplichino nei rapporti affettivi .
Aggiungiamo la considerazione che gli innamoramenti , in queste condizioni sociali , tendono ad esaurirsi , quindi o le persone si abituano ad una forma di amore sentimentale o abitudinario , o tendono a mutare i rapporti , o cercano di affiancare l’amore abitudinario delle famiglie con le avventure occasionali .
L’invito all ’amore universale , al rispetto ed all ’amore per gli interessi e gli amori dei partner , può essere quindi accolto dalle persone che vogliano diventare autonome e mature sul piano della trasformazione personale .
Sul piano delle libere scelte delle persone e delle coppie , possono esistere oggi diversi tipi di contratto di relazione che le persone possono concordare fra di loro .
Il principio del rispetto del mistero delle persone e dei rapporti non vuol dire che si debbano giustificare ipocrisie , opportunismi e falsità deliberate .
Precisato tutto questo , non rimane che ribadire ….
Sì , è bello pensare che si possa finalmente liberare l’amore !!!
Liberare l’essenziale da quello che non è essenziale , liberare le finalità più profonde dalle necessità radicate , la felicità e la gioia dalla prudenza e dalla paura , i desideri ed i sogni dai bisogni incessanti .
Guardiamo lontano , apriamo nuovi orizzonti , e domandiamoci veramente se non sia possibile introdurre un radicale cambiamento storico , una mutazione epocale , in tutti i rapporti amorosi ed affettivi .
Non abbiamo timore , nessuno vuole intaccare quello che possediamo oggi , nessuno vuole aprire crisi a catena , ma guardiamo dove ci sono gli indizi e le tracce per iniziare un percorso che conduca verso queste forme di nuova realizzazione amorosa .
Liberiamo l’amore dal bisogno : dal bisogno dell ’ altro che sostituisca i propri eventuali vuoti interiori , dal bisogno dell ’ altro che occupi il tempo libero e che soddisfi la presenza , dal bisogno dell ’altro che sostituisca la nostra diretta personale stima di noi stessi .
Liberiamo l’amore dal possesso e dalla protezione , non confondiamo l’amore con la pretesa della disponibilità dell ’ altro , con l’esigenza di guidare la vita dell ’ altro , con la tendenza a difenderlo dalla vita .
Liberiamo l’amore da ogni forma di esclusività , da ogni forma di monopolio .
Non è vero che non si ama una persona se si ama un’altra .
Non è vero che sembra impoverito o spento un rapporto se un uomo od una donna provano piacere ed amore anche con altre persone .
Liberiamo l’amore dall ’ipoteca corporea , il corpo non è in proprietà ed in usufrutto per certi rapporti , mentre per gli altri intervengono forme di lontananza , di distanza emozionale ed espressiva .
Abbiamo sempre con noi il corpo , non possiamo farne a meno .
Liberiamoci dalle forme di pretese e di richieste .
Una cosa è auspicare una comprensione , un dialogo , una forma di attenzione , un ’altra cosa è imporre una specie di aggressiva richiesta di amore come rinuncia a se stessi , un ’altra cosa è imporre i propri bisogni interpretando arbitrariamente i silenzi o le reazioni dell ’altro .
Liberiamoci allora dalle nostre paure , dalle nostre insicurezze , dai nostri complessi d’inferiorità , dalle rigidità dei nostri io .
Da : Antonio Sbisà , L’ebbrezza amorosa , Edizioni Mediterranee
pura follia , o pura verità ?
per me ciò che ho appena letto rappresenta la PURA VERITA ' .
In questo momento sto assaporando la gioia dell 'esplosione sessuale e liberatoria con una persona che nn è il mio compagno .
E ' una fase della vita in cui pensavo che tutto fosse sbiadito e invece ... l' energia sessuale e creativa appena liberata mi ha fatto ri-nascere .
Condivido in pieno
la tua ebbrezza ... grazie
tutto teorico , ricco di esplosioni , emozioni , l\'assaporare il bello in tutti i sensi , .... ma dove stanno l\'impegno , il rispetto nei confronti del partner e dei figli ?
Viviamo in una società regolamentata fino alle essenze intime e non classificabili dell \' Essere umano , ma tutto questo eslodere di emozioni dove ci porta ?.... Ad un orgasmo collettivo e ad Amore Universale ?
La fantascienza è molto più razionale ...
Quando leggo :-" posso amare intensamente Claudia , avvertire un amore per Irene , fare all ’amore con Chiara , in un modo che l’amore per Claudia aumenti a dismisura .
Io posso amare intensamente Claudia " - mi domando se sì possa essere veramente sicuri di amarla questa povera Claudia .
Ma lei si sentirà davvero poi amata ?
Un comportamento del genere da parte del compagno non la porterà piuttosto a chiudersi , a negarsi a volersi difendere da un partner che a me sembra narciso e immaturo , in cerca solo del proprio piacere egoico , che giustifica il proprio comportamento in nome di un sentimento , che a me appare molto superficiale , ma che pure lui chiama amore .
Un uomo forse confuso , che confonde la libertà con il libertinaggio .
Se si causa sofferenza all ' altro in nome dell ' amore , non so proprio di quale tipo di amore si possa parlare .
Forse una persona del genere , che vede l'amore come un bene di consumo , dovrebbe avvicnare solo partner che abbiano dell ' amore un idea simile , se dovesse malauguratamente incontrare invece un partner monogamo , mi domando , qante e quali sofferenze potrebbero nascere in nome del tipo di amore citato nell ' articolo di Sbisà ?
Forse si confonde l'amore per se stessi con l'egoismo .
Nell 'amore per se stessi , non si dovrebbe dimenticare l'amore per l'altro , in caso di comtrapposizione , si potrebbe cercare di arrivare ad un punto di incontro dove tutti possano essere soddisfatti , perchè l'amore è collegato alla giustizia ; far subire al partner le proprie intemperanze e costringerlo magari a rimanere con noi in nome dei figli e della famiflia mi sembra ridicolo , una vera manipolazione , altro che amore .
Sono d'accordo con quanto ha scritto la mia omonima Adriana oggi alle h 10,52 ... tra il dire il fare come si sa c'è di mezzo il mare , si come fra la teoria e la pratica .
Uomini cosi dove sono ?
dove trovano il tempo per coltivare cosi nobili sentimenti che mi piacciono tanto ?
ma che nel reale mi sembrano cosi poco probabili , non si deve confondere la libertà con licenziosità e poi perchè mai l'esempio non è al fommnile ?
cioe Claudia puo ' amare Mario , avere una relazione erotica con Giuseppe ecc ecc. come la vedrebbero i sgg .
uomini ??
che nome le darebbero ??
Non c'è dubbio che nell ' estratto ci siano spunti interessanti di riflessione , quale l'autonomia effetiva , o la liberazione dell ' amore dai bisogni ...
Servirebbe una scuola ma per il momento dobbiamo imparare sulla nostra pelle appellandoci a quell ' amore per noi stessi che tanto l'autore auspica .
Propongo una scuola per imparare
RAFFELA :
( Io sono totalmente daccordo con Adriana : Aggiungo che tale comportamento non equivale ad un concetto di libertà , bensi a una schiavitu ' dei propri bisogni fisici ed emozionali !!
L'amore vero per il proprio partener nè include anche il rispetto , la devozione , la complicità , la CONDIVISIONE ...ovviamente è IMPORTANTISSIMO
la passione ; se non c'è piu ' passione , attrazione , desiderio sessuale : allora i due partner debbono essere leali l'un l'altro e dirsi realmente come stanno le cose !
L'amore UNIVERSALE che intendo io , certamente non è il LIBERTINAGGIO che intende " Sibsà " , che camuffa il proprio EGOISMO come un metodo per stimolare la felicità della coppia ? ... MA QUALE COPPIA POI ??
Se c'è interesse per un altra persona , complicità , attrazione ; allora meglio cercare di trasformare la relazione , in un rapporto di reciproca amicizia e complicità perlomeno da poter rassicurare la serenità dei figli !!
Certamente IO non vorrei MAI essere uno stimolo per poter rendere felice un altra donna ?!!!!
Se amo un uomo e ci sto bene , non voglio condividerlo con nessun altra donna , tranne che per amicizia platonica !!!!)
Mi domando :
qualsiasi forma di relazione , che non sia fondata sul rispetto , può essere equiparata all 'Amore ?
Se l'Amore non fosse anche implicitamente rispetto , non sarebbe Amore !
Amore è anche una forma di rispetto più vasta ...
Siete d'acordo ?
ehi autore hai mai baciato un barbone ?
hai mai accarezzato un tulipano ?
Scrivi un commento
lascia la tua opinione .
nome
e -mail ( obbligatoria , ma non verrà pubblicata )
sito ( facoltativo )
testo del commento
Avvertimi se qualcuno risponde ...
We have made a great further progress with John J. Barton on a new extension for Firebug called Eventbug .
Big thanks to Olli Pettay ( smaug ) for fixing # 448602 + # 506961 and providing new Firefox APIs that allow enumerating event listeners on a web page !
Notice that these APIs are available in Firefox 3.7a1 pre ( I hope they 'll make it into 3.6 ) and you also need Firebug 1.5 to test it .
Update : all necessary APIs for Eventbug have been backported to Firefox 3.6b3 pre .
This extension brings a new Events panel that lists all of the event handlers on the page grouped by event type .
The panel also nicely integrates with other Firebug panels and allows to quickly find out , which HTML element is associated with specific event listener or see the Javascript source code .
So , see it in action !
Event Panel
The screenshot below shows content of the Events panel and three side panels ( click the image to see the original size ) .
Side panels are synchronized according to the selected listener in the main content area .
Targets
Shows list of event targets that would be used as DOMEvent.
currentTarget when event bubbles .
All targets are clickable and navigate the user to the HTML panel .
Shows list of event targets that would be used as DOMEvent.
currentTarget when event bubbles .
All targets are clickable and navigate the user to the HTML panel .
Script Shows source code of the selected listener .
Shows source code of the selected listener .
HTML Shows HTML code of the element that is associated with the selected listener .
HTML Panel
The extension also registers a new Events side - panel within the HTML panel .
In this case the Events side panel shows all registered event listeners for the selected HTML element .
Recommended Configuration
Firefox 3.7a1pre
Firebug 1.5b1
Eventbug 0.1a2
Known Issues
Eventbug is still in alpha phase and there are some known issues .
The panel is not updated if listeners are dynamically appended or removed upon user actions .
You have to manually click the Refresh button ( in the toolbar ) .
This will be fixed as soon as # 524674 is fixed ( thanks Smaug ! 🙂 )
If a listener is defined using a HTML attribute ( e.g. click = " alert ( ' hello world ! ' ) " ) the source code is not compiled till the listener is actually executed ( Firefox optimization ) .
Eventbug UI does n't reflect this and it can happen that link to a listener 's source code does n't work .
The link should be disabled if the script object is not available .
) the source code is not compiled till the listener is actually executed ( Firefox optimization ) .
Eventbug UI does n't reflect this and it can happen that link to a listener 's source code does n't work .
The link should be disabled if the script object is not available .
The Script side panel does n't yet allow to create breakpoint's .
And of course , as usual , if you have any ideas how to improve this feature let us know .
If you found a bug , please report it .
Thanks !
Liverpool striker Fernando Torres has been to Valencia to have a second opinion on his troublesome groin injury .
El Nino has second opinion on troublesome groin injury
Boost
Liverpool striker Fernando Torres has been to Valencia to have a second opinion on his troublesome groin injury .
The Reds ' top goalscorer returned to Melwood on Friday after undergoing secondary tests in Spain as speculation grows that the prolific marksman could require surgery for a hernia .
Torres , whose 10 goals this term sees him joint leader in the Premier League scoring charts , visited a Liverpool hospital on Thursday for further checks after flying back to Merseyside with the rest of the squad following the 1 - 1 draw with Lyon in the UEFA Champions League .
The former Atletico Madrid star then visited a Spanish specialist who has worked with him before and is also favoured by Liverpool boss Rafael Benitez from his time as Los Che boss .
It is now expected the 25 - year - old will do light training over the weekend and could still play against Birmingham on Monday night .
It is believed that Torres is keen to avoid surgery on the problem , which the Reds claim is not a full hernia but a deeper groin injury affecting his adductor muscle .
The Spain international is also thought to want to play for his country against Argentina next Saturday at his former home ground , Atletico 's Vicente Calderon .
Exactly how Liverpool will feel about that is unclear but only a serious breakdown in Torres ' fitness will make it possible for them to stop him travelling to join the Spain squad .
Steven Gerrard , who also has a groin problem , has also done light training this week and is not ruled out of the Birmingham game yet .
By Robert Weintraub
Special to ESPN.com
Johnnie B. Baker wanted the job .
He knew the team , knew the players , better than the last manager , even .
He was the hitting coach , caretaker of the most important possession a player has -- his swing .
The guys had struggled the year before , burdened by constant rumors the franchise would move .
But there was plenty of talent there , and now there was a very intriguing bonus -- the best player in baseball was about to join the team .
So , when team president Al Rosen told him " it would be in your best interest , " to manage in the fall league after the 1992 season , to get some reps as the head honcho , Dusty Baker listened .
" I wanted to go to Hawaii , but that league was postponed by some Japanese stock scandal , so I settled for Arizona , " Baker said .
" I did a good job there , and Al told me , ' The job will probably be yours , just do n't screw up the interview . ' "
Otto Gruele / Allsport
In Dusty Baker 's first season at the helm , the Giants would improve by an astounding 31 victories .
Baker aced the face - to - face and was named the manager of the San Francisco Giants for the 1993 season .
It was a popular choice in the Giants ' clubhouse .
" He had a great rapport with our players , " recalls Robby Thompson , the scrappy second baseman who enjoyed a career year in ' 93 .
" Dusty had a way of connecting with each and every guy , which is tough with a 25 - man roster . "
It would be an extraordinary season by the Bay .
New ownership would ensure the team would stay put , and not move to Tampa / St. Pete .
In his first year with the club , Barry Bonds would win his third MVP award after hitting .336 with 46 homers .
A late - season call - up would hit a stunning homer to win a crucial game .
And the Giants would win 103 games , to this day the most the team has won since heading west from the Polo Grounds in 1958 .
But they would not make the playoffs .
It would take a transcendent pitching staff , the midseason heist of a slugging first baseman , the burning of a stadium , and a comeback from a double - digit deficit to beat Dusty 's Giants .
But the Atlanta Braves , playing Javert to the Giants ' Valjean all year long , would finally subdue San Fran on the final day of the regular season , the last of its kind .
Commonly known as The Last Real Race , the pennant duel fashioned by the Giants and Braves offered more day - to - day drama than Lindsay Lohan on her fourth vodka and Red Bull .
It was a campaign that featured 207 combined wins between the two teams , one of only two seasons before playoff expansion in which two teams in the same division won more than 100 games ( New York and Baltimore won 103 and 100 , respectively , in 1980 ) .
And it would be the final time such a successful second - place team would feel so empty at season 's end .
THE PIONEER
" It was the year of eternal optimism . " -- Giants public - address announcer Sherry Davis
As the season was set to begin , a crushing sporting blow hit the Bay Area .
The 49ers traded quarterback Joe Montana to the Kansas City Chiefs to clear the way for Steve Young .
While the city struggled to recover from the loss of one icon , a new one began play for a team expected to finish near the bottom of the division .
But Barry Bonds immediately transformed the Giants .
He had signed a then - record $ 43.75 million contract to spend the next six years in the city where his father Bobby had begun his career , and he earned every penny in 1993 .
Powerful hitters like Will Clark and Matt Williams saw more hittable pitches than ever , and others , like Thompson and Darren Lewis , had career years as the overall offense greatly improved .
And at this early stage , Bonds was n't an island unto himself .
He partook in the traditional clubhouse high jinks .
" We cut up all his Pirate - colored , black - and - gold shoes and threw them in the garbage , " Thompson recalls .
" I always listened to a Frank Sinatra CD before games I started , " says Bill Swift , who went 21 - 8 that season .
" Barry got sick of it one day and jokingly yanked it out of the stereo and threw it away .
But the joke was on him -- that one belonged to the clubhouse man , and I put in mine . "
Otto Gruele / Allsport The Grateful Dead set the tone for a special Giants season , singing the anthem on Opening Day at Candlestick Park .
Let 's not turn Bonds into Chris Farley ; he could still be the arrogant cuss we all know .
Baker took it upon himself to keep Bonds in line , at least so it did n't affect the team 's play .
" I did n't care if guys did n't get along -- I mean , my brother and I do n't always get along . "
The Giants had another new addition who drew national notice even before Bonds and the team got rolling .
The franchise had hired Sherry Davis to be the first female public - address announcer in major league history .
" They had an open audition for the P.A. job , " Davis says .
" Of the 500 people who showed up , only eight were women .
The first woman got up to the mike and announced ' Now hitting , Barry " Sweet Buns " Bonds ! '
Steam came out of my ears .
Talk about reinforcing stereotypes !
I did my two batters and got some applause .
I was one of nine callbacks and made the final three , still convinced I was a token finalist .
But they picked me . "
It might have been an enlightened NorCal move , but it was n't particularly popular .
" Before I said a word , there was so much vitriol .
I heard people call in to radio shows and say , ' I go to the park to get away from women ! ' and everyone would laugh .
It was rather tense for me , but Dusty Baker supported me , and that was enough . "
Opening Day at Candlestick
Park came six games into the season .
" Tony Bennett sang , and the Grateful Dead performed the anthem , " Davis remembers .
" They were very frightened .
They were n't used to singing a cappella . "
The game was in the 11th inning , when Lewis knocked in the winning run for the Giants .
Davis , understandably nervous , " did n't move a muscle the whole game .
My body was frozen stiff -- everything hurt . "
However , she made it through with nary a blooper and remained at the mike for seven years .
Her scorecard from the opener now resides in Cooperstown .
With a woman conquering new ground , and Bonds conquering opposition pitching , the foggy cold of the Stick felt more like a breath of fresh air .
The Giants roared out to a 33 - 18 start , and threatened to run away with the NL West .
Jeff Carlick / Getty Images ( Bonds at bat ) , Otto Greule / Getty Images ( fan ) , Jonathan Daniel / Getty Images ( Bonds portrait ) , Otto Greule Jr. / Getty Images ( Sanderson ) Giants fans were singing a happy tune in early 1993 , as Barry Bonds brought his MVP bat to town , and Scott Sanderson and an overachieving pitching staff surprised .
THE STUMBLING
MAY 30 STANDINGS W L GB Giants 33 18 -- Braves 28 23 5
" Barry came up to us at the All - Star Game and told us the race was over . " --
Braves pitching coach Leo Mazzone
Atlanta had added Greg Maddux to an already superb rotation over the winter .
Winners of two straight NL pennants , and able to throw Maddux , Tom Glavine , John Smoltz and Steve Avery at opponents , the Braves were heavy favorites to three - peat .
But the Giants handled Atlanta and its staunch pitching in early matchups , taking three of four at home and two of three in the return series in late May .
The two teams would n't see each other again for nearly three months .
Bernstein Associates / Getty Images
When an illness removed the Deion Sanders distraction , the Braves really took off .
While San Francisco ripped off a 26 - 12 run to the All - Star break , the Braves hit a wall .
Deion Sanders , who had been outstanding the previous season , began 1993 as a two - sport athlete , but was hoping the Braves would enrich him enough to allow him to stop playing football until the baseball season ended .
After attending his father 's funeral , Sanders did not return to the team in an attempt to get a better contract .
When the Braves suspended him , he called it " the worst betrayal by a team in all sports history . "
Despite the hyperbole , Sanders was rewarded with an $ 11 million contract , and " Prime Time " announced he would be full - time from then on .
That did n't sit well with Otis Nixon , the starting center fielder , who demonstrated his displeasure by showing up late for a game , then demanding a trade .
Meanwhile , 1991 MVP Terry Pendleton struggled mightily in the first half , hitting far below his norm and even walking off the field in frustration in the middle of an inning during a May game in Cincinnati , refusing to return , apparently because he was upset when pitcher Marvin Freeman refused to retaliate after Sanders had been hit by Tim Belcher .
" I still wo n't comment on that , " says Pendleton today , though he is open about his poor play .
" I was trying to do too much , and I scuffled big time .
The guys were telling me to back down and not put so much pressure on myself , but I was trying to fix it all with one swing . "
Not surprisingly , considering all the turmoil , the Braves stumbled to the All - Star break losing four of six , and even with a staff full of aces , a three - peat seemed most unlikely .
THE FIRE AND THE FIRE SALE
JULY 10 STANDINGS W L GB Giants 59 30 -- Braves 50 39 9
" We were laughing and joking , and within a minute , we realized we better get the heck out of here or we 're going to die . " --
Braves radio broadcaster Matt Stewart
Every season when the trade deadline approaches , Fred McGriff 's name is invoked as the sine qua non of midseason deals .
The acquisition came about mainly because the San Diego Padres , for whom McGriff had slugged 35 homers in 1992 , fell apart after a strong third - place finish a year earlier .
Drifting at 20 games under .500 , the Padres decided to unload all their expensive pieces , including Greg Harris , Gary Sheffield and their first baseman , who was making $ 4.25 million .
" I 'm dangling out there , I know I 'm going somewhere , " McGriff told reporters .
" I just hope it's to a team in a pennant race . "
Cue the theme from " Gone with the Wind . "
Braves general manager John Schuerholz had a prospect the Padres coveted , Melvin Nieves .
" We knew McGriff was the guy we wanted , and when we were willing to include Nieves , it came together , " Schuerholz recalls .
" Nieves was a big , strong kid , and a switch - hitter , too . "
Schuerholz tossed in two other minor leaguers , Donnie Elliott and Vincent Moore ( who managed 31 major league games between them ) , and McGriff was a Brave .
Giants GM
Bob Quinn spoke for most of baseball when he said : " What bothers me is that San Diego did n't get more for him . "
The trade was consummated July 18 .
Two days later , McGriff arrived for his first game in Atlanta .
A roaring bonfire greeted him -- but this was no pep rally .
Atlanta - Fulton County Stadium was ablaze .
Braves ' radio broadcasters Matt Stewart , Pete Van Wieren and Don Sutton had a close - up view .
" We noticed flames coming out of a booth belonging to radio sponsors , about three or four booths down , " Stewart says .
" A breeze had blown some sterno flames into curtains that had probably been there since the stadium opened in 1965 .
They went up like pine straw .
Sutton grabbed us both and said , ' We gotta get out of here . ' "
The fire quickly spread out of control .
" Nobody could get in there , because the key was with the owner , " Van Wieren says .
The press room was evacuated .
" We ran away from this thick black smoke , and like dummies got in the elevator , " Stewart continues .
" When we got to the field , I met Jane Fonda for the first time .
She was there with Ted Turner .
Suddenly , there was a huge boom , and I jumped 10 feet out of my skin .
It was the same thing that happened in the [ World ] Trade Center on 9/11 -- the steel girders had melted from the heat , and the structure collapsed . "
John Dickerson / AFP / Getty Images
The fire in the press box at Atlanta - Fulton County Stadium marked the turning point in the Braves ' 1993 season .
Mark Lemke was standing with fellow infielder and good buddy Jeff Blauser on the field when the blaze erupted .
" We were just watching the flames , and suddenly there was a huge boom , and we went tearing out into center field , " Lemke said .
A photo of the two gazing in disbelief as the press box burns is in the Hall of Fame .
Sid Bream , the Braves ' first baseman who was about to lose his job with the arrival of McGriff , said of the blaze , " I know I 'm the most likely suspect , but I swear I did n't do it . "
" Ted Turner told me two things , " Schuerholz remembers .
" One , ' We 're going to play this game . '
We cordoned off a portion of the stands for the media -- we did n't have many fans that night -- and started about 90 minutes late .
Then he said , ' The stadium 's caught fire -- tonight , so will the Braves . ' "
As with cable news and the mainstreaming of the buffalo burger , Turner had seen the future with unusual clarity .
The Cardinals took a 5 - 0 lead , but McGriff smashed a long homer to tie it , and Atlanta scored three in the eighth to win .
Nine - year - old Jeff Francoeur , now playing right field for the team , was watching at home in suburban Atlanta : " I remember that like it was yesterday .
McGriff got here , and suddenly we were sure we would win it . "
JULY 20 STANDINGS W L GB Giants 63 32 -- Braves 54 41 9
But for the vagaries of travel , McGriff might have caught fire ... literally .
" He was supposed to be [ in the flambéed press box ] for a news conference , " Van Wieren recalls .
" Whenever a new player arrived , he was brought upstairs for questions .
But his plane was late , and he got to the park just in time for the game .
He was told about it afterward , and he just kinda rolled his eyes . "
The Crime Dog 's impact was immediate and telling .
He hit .422 with seven homers and 12 RBI in his first dozen games in Atlanta .
" It balanced our offense , " Schuerholz says .
" The pressure was off hitters like [ David ] Justice and [ Ron ] Gant , who were trying to pretend they were cleanup hitters . "
Otto Gruele / Allsport Atlanta caught fire -- literally ! -- from the moment Fred McGriff arrived .
McGriff was pleasantly surprised by how loose the Braves were .
" The first day I got there , they were playing putt - putt in the clubhouse . "
Two days after McGriff 's arrival , the Braves lost to fall a full 10 games behind , but they ripped off their next six to announce they were back in the race .
Baker is still steamed about being misquoted in the wake of the deal .
" I said ' I hope they got Fred too late , ' but someone left out the word ' hope . '
It went out everywhere like I was being cocky , but it was just a misprint . "
Sadly for Dusty , the Braves used the perceived slight as fuel for their run .
A less - remembered key to Atlanta 's turnaround was the replacement of Mike Stanton as closer .
Greg McMichael , a rookie who thought his career was over after several knee operations and his release by Cleveland , took over the role and immediately flourished .
" His best pitch was a great changeup , and that eliminated lefty - righty matchups , because he could get either out with it , " says Mazzone , then the Braves ' pitching coach .
McMichael was so effective in the late innings that he was featured in Sports Illustrated -- unfortunately , the accompanying photo was of Maddux .
The Giants attempted to make an impact deal at the deadline , too , but balked at Montreal 's asking price for aging but cagey starter Dennis Martinez .
The Expos wanted a top pitching prospect named Salomon " The Prophet " Torres .
Unfortunately for Quinn , he did n't live up to Torres ' nickname or he would have pulled the trigger .
THE SWEEP
AUG .
22 STANDINGS W L GB Giants 83 41 -- Braves 76 49 7 ½
" It seems like even though we 're in first place , we 're chasing them . " -- Barry Bonds
San Francisco did n't play poorly in late summer , but the Braves were unstoppable .
The center - field problem sorted itself out when Deion came down with a nasty lung infection , one that had him coughing violently and unable to sleep .
Nixon took over full time , and the Braves started to win .
And win .
They reeled off 27 of 35 in the span between the McGriff deal and their first crack at the Giants with the new lineup , which came Aug. 23 in San Francisco .
The preceding weeks had been tense .
" It seemed like we were never playing at the same time , " Van Wieren says .
" Either the Giants were playing late , in which case we'd have to wait until the next day to know the result , or an afternoon game , before the Braves played .
There was just an unending series of games where the pressure was on , because one team knew what the other had done . "
Now that the two teams were face to face for the first time since May , a playoff atmosphere gripped the series .
" We knew we had to sweep , " Pendleton says .
Vince Bucci/AFP / Getty Images Will Clark , left , Bonds and the rest of the Giants really started to feel the heat in late summer .
The Braves did just that , closing to 4 ½ back by taking all three at the Stick .
Just as the first game was about to start , a mistakenly flipped switch caused broadcasts in both cities to lose transmission , a moment that could only be appreciated by David Chase .
The picture was restored after two batters , long before Atlanta put together a three - run second inning , en route to a 5 - 3 victory .
Trevor Wilson was forced to leave the game with a shoulder injury , ticketed for the DL .
Before the next day 's afternoon game , the Giants called up a replacement from Triple - A Phoenix : Torres .
" I do n't know anything about him , " Baker said at the time .
" You do n't know if he 'll be poised enough for the September stretch drive .
But he has outstanding stuff , and that can make up for a lot . "
The rest of the Giants did n't appear very poised as the Braves won the second game 6 - 4 , thanks in large part to three San Francisco errors and three double plays .
The Braves crushed the Giants 9 - 1 to sweep the series .
In the process , the Braves also punished another titan : Oprah Winfrey .
Telecasts of the two afternoon games on TBS dwarfed Oprah 's talk show in the ratings .
THE ( ALMOST ) FOLK HERO
AUG .
25 STANDINGS W L GB Giants 83 44 -- Braves 79 49 4 ½
" Immediately after the game , Robby stepped up and said , ' Let 's give Patty a full ( playoff ) share . '
Next to my daughter being born , that was the coolest s--- I ever heard . " -- Giants infielder John Patterson
Five days later , the two teams reconvened in Atlanta for their final series of the season , sadly for all on the last day of August .
Both had taken two of three between showdowns .
Excitement over the comeback mounted in Georgia -- $ 9 seats were going for a C - note .
It was money well spent for the home fans , as the Braves won 8 - 2 to close to 3½ behind .
" Things have to change tomorrow , " Giants reliever Dave Righetti said .
They did , and in a most unlikely manner .
Patterson had been on the disabled list for most of 1993 , and by the first of September his shoulder was still too sore to make the throws from second base .
But he could hit , and more to the point , he could run .
So he was called up from his minor league rehab assignment as the rosters expanded Sept.
1 . What followed was a day not even Roy Hobbs could have dreamed about .
" I went straight to the team hotel , and met the bartender there , " Patterson recalls .
" She loosened me up , so to speak , so I had a big smile on my face when I got to the park . "
Patterson cooled his libido for eight innings of a taut 2 - 2 ballgame , then came up as a pinch - hitter to lead off the ninth against flame - throwing reliever Mark Wohlers .
" I got a 2 - 0 pitch , and hit it a long way .
I knew it was gone , but being a rookie , I busted my ass out of the box -- you can imagine the reaction if it hit the top of the wall and I got thrown out at second . "
The shocking dinger from the 160 - pound Patterson was the first allowed by Wohlers in exactly two years , and it gave the Giants a 3 - 2 win that seemed to right San Francisco 's badly listing ship .
" I did a million interviews , and I was being too cool for Barry , who gave me s--- about it .
' You been here 10 years ? ' he asked . "
San Francisco radio station KNBR replayed Patterson 's shot over and over , urging listeners to " tape it for the archives . "
In another dimension , the Giants win one more game to hold off the Braves , and Patterson has a prominent spot in franchise lore .
But in this one , Patterson now sells real estate in anonymity in Scottsdale , Ariz . :
" The home run was a great moment , but overall , it was a bad year . "
The rubber match in the series is a large reason why .
With runners on the corners in a 3 - 3 game in the seventh , Gant lined one off hurler Dave Burba 's backside .
Burba spun in every direction in a desperate search for the ball , which had caromed back toward the plate .
Catcher Kirt Manwaring grabbed it and dove to tag Nixon , who eluded him with an angled , head - first slide .
Fulton County Stadium erupted as the Braves took the lead , one McMichael protected with a six - out save .
The Giants ' feeling of destiny had lasted 24 hours .
The Braves were right back to 3½ behind .
AP Photo / John Swart ( Maddux ) , Greg Foster / AFP / Getty Images ( Justice ) , Otto Greule Jr. / Getty Images ( Glavine ) With Greg Maddux , top left , and Tom Glavine anchoring the pitching staff and David Justice providing timely hits , the Braves roared back into the race .
THE HOMESTAND FROM HELL
SEPT .
2 STANDINGS W L GB Giants 86 47 -- Braves 83 51 3 ½
" Walking into the clubhouse is like stumbling into a consultation among 30 doctors who are trying to diagnose a vague , mysterious illness . " -- Scott Ostler , San Francisco Chronicle
Torres did n't seem to be having any trouble with the stress of the pennant race .
He bookended the series in Atlanta with victories in Florida and St. Louis .
The Giants ended the road trip by taking two of three at Busch Stadium , and headed back to the Bay Area for a nine - game homestand , still up 2 ½ after the Braves swept lowly San Diego .
Disaster was at hand .
The Giants ' pitching staff was at a breaking point .
Swift and fellow ace John Burkett , so reliable all season , were treading water in a monthlong stretch without a win .
" I had a dead arm , " Swift recalls .
" It 's a stage most guys go through during the season .
Unfortunately , John and I went through it together . "
The nadir came on getaway day in St. Louis , when Swift blew a three - run lead and left the mound cursing a blue streak .
Ronald C. Modra / Sports Imagery / Getty Images The Braves ' young arms -- from left , Steve Avery , John Smoltz , Pete Smith , Maddux and Glavine -- stayed strong while the Giants hurlers faltered down the stretch .
As if that were n't bad enough , starters Trevor Wilson and Bud Black were on the disabled list .
Bob Quinn thought he had an answer for his team 's pitching woes when the Expos placed Martinez on waivers .
But Schuerholz put in a claim , effectively blocking " El Presidente " from heading west .
" We would n't claim someone just to block another team , " Schuerholz says today , but regardless of intent , it was a little - remembered masterstroke in a great season for the GM .
The Giants had little choice but to pick up a couple of veterans with a lot of tread on them , Jim Deshaies and Scott Sanderson .
The latter won the first game back at the Stick over the Pirates , but that would be the team 's last entry on the left side of the won-loss standings for more than a week .
The Pirates won the next day , and then the Cardinals came in and swept four from the Giants .
When the Braves rolled 13 - 1 over the Dodgers , paced by a mammoth three - run homer by McGriff , for the first time in five months , someone other than San Francisco led the NL West .
Matters did n't improve when the Cubbies came to San Francisco .
Chicago swept three more in convincing fashion , while the Braves were taking three from Cincinnati , including one when they scored five in the ninth , winning on Gant 's three - run blast .
Atlanta was four games ahead , and now the crowing came from down South .
I.J. Rosenberg led his game story with the words " Goodnight , San Francisco . "
" I 've never seen such a consistent string of things go wrong , " Sanderson said .
Bonds kept it simple : " It 's a nightmare . "
Only Baker kept his cool .
One day during the losing streak , a reporter found him in his office listening to a rap record by Prince Markie Dee with the lyrics " Ain't no need to be stressed , I 'm gonna be all right . "
" You understand where I 'm coming from , dude ? "
Dusty asked the scribe .
During the 1 - 8 homestand , the Giants lost 6 ½ games in the standings .
Incredibly , after being up 10 games July 28 , they were now four back with only 17 to play .
Ronald C. Modra / Sports Imagery / Getty Images
With the Giants unable to pull out of their swoon , Bonds summed up the team 's plight with three simple words : " It 's a nightmare . "
THE FINAL WEEKEND
SEPT .
16 STANDINGS W L GB Braves 94 53 -- Giants 89 56 4
" It was about the toughest task to ask a club to do .
It was damn near impossible . " -- Braves manager Bobby Cox
Battered and seemingly beaten , the Giants somehow rallied .
Swift finally won his 18th game , as the Giants shellacked the Reds 13 - 0 , a laugher that had a revitalizing effect .
They reeled off a 13 - 1 streak that was as improbable as the losing streak had been , and managed to pull even again with the Braves , who were still playing well , just not that well .
" Now I know how Lazarus felt , " said Baker , breathing a sigh of relief .
Said Giants closer Rod Beck : " If they 're not feeling the pressure , they 're the inhumans we think they are . "
The teams fought a proxy war by T - shirt motto -- the Braves wore ones reading " Furious Finish , " while the Giants adopted the slogan " No Fear , No Pain . "
Unfortunately , there was all too much pain in the San Francisco clubhouse .
Beck 's arm was hanging by a thread from overuse , and Thompson was beaned by young Padres reliever Trevor Hoffman .
" The doctor said his face looked like an egg after you dropped it on the floor , " Baker recalls .
" I asked the doctor if my nose was gone , " says Thompson , who would n't suit up again until the season finale , despite begging the team to let him play sooner .
On the last Wednesday of the season , the expansion Rockies stunned the Giants 5 - 3 , behind two Daryl Boston homers ( " Atlanta 's gotta be sitting back cheesin ' , " was Boston 's take ) , while the Braves won to go up by a game .
But the Braves gave it back a day later , when Houston rocked Smoltz en route to a 10 - 8 victory .
To end the regular season , the Giants were tangling , appropriately , with their archrivals , the Los Angeles Dodgers , and manager Tommy Lasorda relished the idea of ruining their season , just as the Giants had ruined the Dodgers ' two years before , allowing the Braves to take the division .
" We 're having meetings , we 're showing films , we 're going to throw everything we have at them , " Lasorda crowed .
But the Giants took the opener of the four - game set in a half - empty Dodger Stadium .
With three games left , both the Giants and the Braves were 101 - 58 .
The Braves had a huge scheduling edge -- their last three games were against the expansion Rockies , whom they had beaten all 10 times they 'd played so far .
They did so again Friday night , behind five RBIs from Pendleton , but San Francisco kept pace three hours later , with Bonds going deep twice with two aboard in a repudiation of his choker label .
On Saturday , both teams won for the 103rd time , Maddux stuffing the Rockies 10 - 1 , while the Giants held off L.A. 5 - 3 after a long fly in the eighth with the bases full off the bat of Dave Hansen fell just short of a grand slam .
Dave Martinez could feel fans behind him as he made the catch at the fence .
" They must have been Giants fans ; Dodgers fans might have tried to pull my hat down , " he said afterward .
Tied , with one to play .
OCT .
2 STANDINGS W L GB Braves 103 58 -- Giants 103 58 --
As late as Saturday night , Baker still was n't positive who would take the hill for his club the next day .
He had three choices -- Sanderson , Deshaies or Torres .
Either of the first two meant sending out a veteran with mediocre stuff .
Pitching Torres meant exposing a rookie , albeit a talented one , to the ultimate test of nerves .
Dusty chose to go with Torres : " I did n't want to start a lefty against their righties , so that ruled out Deshaies . "
As for Sanderson , Baker essentially vetoed him 13 years earlier .
Dusty was an outfielder in Los Angeles in 1980 , and the Dodgers swept Houston in the season 's final series to force a one - game playoff for the NL West crown .
" We begged Tommy [ Lasorda ] to start Fernando [ Valenzuela ] , who was a rookie , but he went with ( Dave ) Goltz . "
The Astros pummeled Goltz and advanced to the playoffs .
" That made my mind up right there -- stick with the talent , regardless of experience . "
Still , between the pressure of the race and the bad feelings between the Dodgers and Giants ( on his office wall , Baker had hung the infamous photo of Juan Marichal clubbing Johnny Roseboro with his bat in 1965 ) , Baker had mixed feelings about using the rookie .
" I took Salomon to dinner the night before the game .
We had some Latin food , and prayed on it . "
Content with the Lord 's answer , Baker stayed with his gut , and Torres .
It was Oct. 3 , exactly 42 years to the day that Bobby Thomson smacked the " Shot Heard ' Round The World " to win the pennant for the Giants over the Dodgers .
Now , with the rivalry 3,000 miles to the west , new Giants owner Peter Magowan had flown Thomson and Giants legend Willie Mays in for the L.A. series .
They were 3 - for - 3 so far .
In keeping with a season - long theme , the teams ' final games were n't in sync , and the Braves put the pressure on .
David Nied , a Brave in 1992 who was left unprotected in the expansion draft , gave up four early runs , but the Rockies made things interesting , closing to 4 - 3 off Glavine before Atlanta pushed across an insurance run .
McMichael got the final six outs in order , and the Braves were at least assured of a tomorrow .
They had beaten the Rockies all 13 times they played , the first season sweep in the NL since 1899 .
The Braves retired to the clubhouse as the Giants game began , snacking on fried chicken while watching the contest across the country ( McGriff watched the 49ers instead ) .
Two weeks earlier , Schuerholz , following the advice of his teenage son , had called " heads " in a coin flip , and lost .
If the Giants won , the two teams would have a one - game playoff in San Francisco the following day ( Smoltz against Swift was the pitching matchup ) .
The players had suitcases packed in case they needed to board a cross-country flight and play the following day .
The Giants ' game was shown on the Braves ' scoreboard , and several thousand fans stayed to watch the unusual doubleheader .
They saw Torres get pulled in the fourth , down 3 - 0 .
Rookie of the Year Mike Piazza put the game away with two homers , and the Dodgers got their karmic vengeance , ending the Giants season , 12 - 1 .
" The rest of the guys got scalded , too , " Baker says now .
" So I do n't feel too bad about the decision to start Torres . "
The fact Atlanta started the winningest pitcher over the last three seasons , while the Giants were left with a rookie making his eighth start , only enhances the job Baker did in getting his team to that point .
Patterson , he of the would - be full playoff share , took the loss hard .
" It hurts to this day , man .
When they panned the dugout , you can see my head was down and in my hands .
It cut me deep .
That was $ 30,000 .
When you 're a rookie , missing out on that money hurts . "
Back in Atlanta , the Braves , many of them still wearing shower shoes , swarmed the field to celebrate .
The scoreboard displayed a photo of Lasorda , with the words " Our Pal " next to it .
Asked about his contribution , McGriff , the catalyst of the comeback , said , " I guess I helped a little bit . "
Several thousand fans were on hand to greet the Giants ' charter flight at the airport .
Torres was n't there to be cheered , however .
The rookie caught a later commercial flight to avoid the throng at SFO .
Says Patterson , " It hurt him really bad .
He is only just getting over it now . "
Maybe not so much .
Torres -- amazingly still in the majors , with the Pirates -- would n't relive that day for this article .
THE LAST OF ITS KIND
FINAL STANDINGS W L GB Braves 104 58 -- Giants 103 59 1
Dusty Baker , now a baseball analyst for ESPN , had trouble getting over the fact his first team had been so good , accomplished so much , and yet was home watching others play October baseball .
" I went to the playoffs every day , until my wife told me to stop .
I just could n't believe we did n't win . "
Baker was named Manager of the Year after the Giants had improved on their ' 92 record by an astounding 31 games , but it was n't enough .
" Our team right here is a good argument for the new playoff format , " Giants first baseman Todd Benzinger said in the aftermath of the loss .
After the strike of ' 94 did away with the pennant races and the World Series , the wild card took effect in 1995 , with the Yankees and Rockies the initial lucky recipients .
The drama of late - season baseball has been transferred from occasional but memorable all - or - nothing contests between great teams , to annual lower - stakes games between the good - to - mediocre .
Could be an apt metaphor for the culture at large .
Nine years later , Dusty 's final Giants team would get in via the wild card , and make it all the way to the World Series .
That did n't make up for his ' 93 squad , the one he still calls his favorite , getting left out in the cold in the final season before playoff expansion .
But if you 're expecting tears and self - pity from Johnnie B. Baker , then you do n't know the man .
" Dang , dude , that was just our luck , " he says .
Join the conversation about E - ticket : The Last Real Race .
Robert Weintraub is a freelance writer and television producer in Atlanta .
He is a frequent contributor to Slate and Play , the New York Times Sports Magazine .
He can be reached at robwein@comcast.net or at www.robwein.com.
Michael Bennett - Levy 's extraordinary collection of early technologies went under the hammer at Bonhams in London on Wednesday with 90 % of the 758 lots on offer sold for a total of £ 683,384 .
A tidy sum no doubt , but having had the opportunity to examine the treasure trove closely , and the benefit of speaking at length to Bennett - Levy about the significance of key items , we can't help but conclude that many pieces were a steal for shrewd investors .
The largest privately held collection of early televisions in the world - including 26 pre-war sets - made up a large slice of the auction and in the first of a series of interviews , Michael Bennett - Levy talks to Gizmag about outstanding items in his collection , starting with the much sought after Teleavia type P111 , a rare 1958 console - stand television by Citroën DS designer Flaminio Bertroni that was not only a hallmark in style , but also one of the earliest examples of high - definition TV .
One look at this television and it's no surprise to learn that its designer was also responsible for the distinctive Citroen DS which was first produced in 1955 .
It features a 19 - inch screen with white mask , in a tapered - hood case in deep purple with a gold trim .
The controls and speaker sit in the rectangular box below and the screen can be turned independently through 150 - degrees as well as angled vertically .
The set is also " dual standard " , with capability to show 441 lines ( which became the standard from 1952 ) along with a high definition facility of 819 lines , meaning it is high - definition even by today 's standards .
This system began in France in 1949 but never really got off the ground .
Bennett - Levy speculates that Teleavia may have been trying to " future - proof " the P111 in case the French government decided to resurrect the service .
The television sold for £ 2,400 at the Bonhams auction .
Last week , someone asked me on Twitter why I give Warehouse 13 such high scores in comparison to my generally negative remarks .
In 3 tweets , I replied " I know there 's lots of problems with the show , but at heart it 's a show about fun and nice banter and I do n't expect more .
There 's other shows with plotholes and inconsistencies that do n't have the chemistry or dialogue that I would rate lower .
I see so many obvious ways the show could improve that I have to point them out .
Maybe I do skimp a little on the compliments . "
Ok , maybe not the most cogent response , but you get my point .
Warehouse 13 has had the benefit of several high profile guest stars from other Syfy shows ( Tricia Helfer , Joe Morton , Mark Shepard , etc ) , and so far has criminally misused them , giving them meager roles completely unnecessary to their caliber .
Today 's Syfy guest of the week was Michael Hogan who as we all know played Colonel Tigh on the BSG remake .
He plays Myka 's father who she has a troubled past with .
This fact seemed to be lost on the writers who I thought would at least keep some semblance of the animosity between them even after she called him in an earlier episode , supposedly mending their relationship . ,
He spent much of the episode confined to a chair moaning and groaning , and had a few good scenes out of the chair .
In true Warehouse 13 fashion , his performance was n't anything special , but it was still adequate .
The artifact was very cool , and the visual effects that went along with it were probably my favorite of the show .
It was Edgar Allen Poe 's pen and notebook which have a weird effect together and apart .
The story about the stalker student was iffy , especially since we do n't know what happened to him , but I liked seeing what his ( or Edgar 's ) twisted mind came up with .
Claudia finally went out into the field and worked nicely with Pete and Myka .
She always brings well - needed comedy into her scenes and so far , the fan reaction has overwhelmingly been positive .
The acting on Warehouse 13 is average to above average , but one thing that bothers me is that at times Joanne Kelly overacts the dramatic parts , and this showed in the beginning of the episode .
Next week is the big showdown with MacPherson which I hope will have a real climax .
Artie 's desire to find him and Mrs. Frederick 's cautiousness clashed this week , but they will probably mesh next week with good results .
I had another thought that is a little weird .
When Mrs. Frederick first shows out , Artie asks her " What did you do with Leena ? "
This got me thinking , have Leena and Mrs. Frederick ever been in the same scene ?
Is it possible they are the same person ?
Score : 9.0/10
Review - Warehouse 13 Season 1 Episode 10 Breakdown
Review - Warehouse 13 Season 1 Episode 9 Regrets
Review - Warehouse 13 Season 1 Episode 8 Duped
Disney ’s recently announced decision to offer a refund to parents who purchased its popular “ Baby Einstein ” videos vindicates researchers who had been attacked by the company .
Their study , published in the prestigious journal Pediatrics , showed that each daily hour of viewing of these kinds of “ educational ” videos by children aged 8 - 16 months was associated with a decrease in vocabulary of about 6 - 8 words .
When the study was published , Disney ’s CEO Robert Iger demanded that the researchers retract the press release that accompanied it .
They refused .
Now , Disney is offering refunds .
The videos seem to make children more similar to the real baby Einstein than to the adult genius they were trying to replicate : Einstein himself developed language late and did not speak until he was four .
So parents , what can we do now to healthily distract the littlest ones ?
There ’s gotta be something …
The same could well be said for this effort by Sydney 's Daily Telegraph last May :
Chained , Burned , Banished — ABC , Media Watch episode 14 , 11th May , 2009
That story , by the Tele's ...
Paul Kent , — ABC , Media Watch episode 14 , 11th May , 2009
Watch the Media Watch story from episode 14 , 2009
... was about Christopher Wayne Hudson , the Hell 's Angel who shot and killed one person and wounded two others in the Melbourne CBD in June 2007 .
According to Kent , whose story ran big in the Melbourne Herald Sun as well as the Tele ,
The killer behind Melbourne 's horrific CBD shooting was tortured by Hells Angels bikies before he surrendered to justice , it can finally be revealed .
— ABC , Media Watch episode 14 , 11th May , 2009
Hudson 's Hells Angels tattoo was removed , reported Kent , in the most brutal fashion .
They chained Hudson up and , wielding the hot blue flame of an oxyacetylene torch , seared the tattoo from his arm .
— ABC , Media Watch episode 14 , 11th May , 2009
As we said at the time , that 's the kind of gruesome detail that sells papers .
Problem was , the Victoria Police told us it was nonsense .
But Tele editor Garry Linnell responded tartly :
The sources on this story were first - rate ...
I 'll be standing by our report rather than anything spun out of the Victorian police 's media unit .
— Response from Gary Linnell ( Editor , The Daily Telegraph ) to Media Watch , 2009
Well Garry , here 's something spun out of Barwon Jail near Geelong , where Christopher Wayne Hudson is serving 35 years .
A photograph sent to Media Watch by his stepmother , clearly showing the Hell 's Angels tattoo on Hudson 's arm .
She tells us the photo was taken a couple of months ago .
And she adds :
Chris has never had any tattoos removed by blowtorch .
— Email from Christopher Wayne Hudson 's stepmother to Media Watch , 9th November , 2009
Which means that Garry Linnell , and Paul Kent , and their first rate sources , to use a word beloved of the computer - gamers , have been well and truly pwned .
That 's P - W - N - E - D .
And I did n't know the word either , until I started using Twitter .
I rather like it .
If you want to know what it means , visit our website .
Click here for an explanation of the term ' pwned '
That 's it for this week , and this year .
Thanks to my hard - working team .
Thanks to all of you who 've tipped us off to the media 's stuff - ups , beat - ups and barneys .
Media Watch , and I , will be back in February .
Until then , enjoy the summer .
Goodnight .
( CNN ) --
A sailor accused of killing another sailor was found dead in his cell in a southern California military jail , officials said Friday .
Seaman August Provost , shown on his MySpace page , was killed while on sentry duty at Camp Pendleton .
Petty Officer Jonathan Campos was found dead in the brig at the Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton in San Diego , a military statement said .
The cause of death was self - inflicted asphyxiation , according to the statement .
Campos had been charged with murder in the June 30 shooting death of Seaman August Provost .
Provost was killed while he was standing guard as a sentry for the Assault Craft Unit 5 compound at Camp Pendleton , officials said .
Authorities also said Provost 's body was set on fire at his guard post .
Provost 's family believed that he was killed partly because of his sexual orientation .
However , a spokesman for Camp Pendleton , where the shooting took place , said there was no indication early in the investigation that the killing was a hate crime .
Along with the murder charge , Campos was facing charges of drug use , larceny , burglary , theft , arson and unlawful handling of a deceased individual .
All About Murder and Homicide • Camp Pendleton
Tanvir , a two - year - old tiger , refuses to come down from the top platform of an activity tower at Noah 's Ark Zoo Farm in Wraxall near Bristol .
It is thought he is too frightened to come back down
Credit : PA
Ralph Nader has run for President of the United States as a Green Party candidate , and more recently as an independent .
The piece below is posted to www.nader.org, and was sent out to a Nader e-mail list on October 5 , 2009 :
The Cash or Credit Conundrum
Consumers rejoice .
Floyd Norris has just penned a piece for the New York Times titled :
“ Rich and Poor Should Pay Same Price . ”
Mr. Norris said , it seems “ absurd to have a system that requires people who do not use credit to subsidize those who do .
You know there is something wrong when a middle - class person can get a part of his purchases refunded by the bank , or can collect miles good for free airline tickets , while paying the same price as a poor person who can get none of those benefits . ”
Mr. Norris is on to something important .
He reminded me of an article I wrote in December 1985 .
I asked readers of my weekly column to consider some of the pitfalls of credit card purchasing .
I noted that the big banks relentlessly promote credit card usage without adequately presenting the downside of credit card debt .
I asked readers to imagine seeing a television presentation by an organization known as the “ Cash Payment Fans of America . ”
The made - for - television production sponsored by this imaginary organization would ask viewers to consider some counter - marketing advice with the following declaration : “ Credit Cards : Maybe You DO Want to Leave Home Without Them . ”
Law Professor Adam J. Levitin , in a 2008 article in the Harvard Journal on Legislation reports :
“ On average , credit card transactions cost merchants six times as much as cash transactions and twice as much as checks or PIN - based debit card transactions . ”
Professor Levitin also notes that in 2006 “ U.S. merchants paid nearly $ 57 billion to accept payment card transactions , which makes this component of the payments industry larger than the entire biotech industry , the music industry , the microprocessor industry , the electronic game industry , Hollywood box office sales , and worldwide venture capital investments . ”
These are stunning observations .
Alas , our collective imagination may not yet have evolved to the point where we can consider a day without VISA and MasterCard .
The buy now , pay later credit card cabal knows few bounds .
The credit card vendors want you to forget that using a credit card means you are borrowing money and that you must repay what you borrowed with interest .
And , the interest rates can be staggering .
Until recently credit card companies could charge annual percentage ( APR ) rates of up to 36 percent .
And , the fine print in your credit card agreement might allow the “ merchants of credit ” to charge membership fees – described as “ participation fees , ” “ maintenance fees , ” or “ activation fees ” – on top of the interest fees .
And do n’t forget the “ transaction fees , ” for getting cash with your card , the fees for exceeding your credit limit or for making a late payment .
Ed Mierzwinski of USPIRG , a consumer watchdog organization , monitors the credit card racket and the slippery practices of banks that gouge consumers with a variety of fees .
USPIRG notes that credit card issuers have tricked consumers by :
1. suddenly advancing long - standing regular due dates by five days or more to trick consumers into paying late ;
2. arranging for due dates to fall on weekends and then claiming that bills received after 12 noon or 1 pm were late ;
3. imposing late fees not only when bills were 30 days late , but as little as one minute or one day late ; and ,
4. raising the interest rate if your credit score declines .
Fortunately , some of the most egregious credit card abuses will be eliminated by legislation signed into law on May 22 , 2009 .
The Credit Card Accountability , Responsibility and Disclosure ( CARD )
Act of 2009 , while not perfect , will generally require 45 - days advance notice of any rate increase or any other significant changes in account terms , up from 15 days , and card issuers will have to inform consumers of their right to cancel their card before rate increases or account changes take effect .
Credit card statements must also be mailed out 21 days before they are due .
The new law also limits some interest rate hikes for late payments .
Unfortunately , the problems associated with getting on the credit card treadmill are still overwhelming .
Despite some modest legislative reforms , too many credit card issuers are still predators waiting to pounce .
Representative Peter Welch ( Vt. ) and thirteen House co-sponsors have introduced the “ Credit Card Interchange Fees Act of 2009 . ”
This piece of legislation is designed to limit some of the fees credit card companies charge retailers and shed some light on the costs of credit card transactions to consumers and merchants .
Consumers can make some additional waves themselves by pretending they have joined “ Cash Payment Fans of America ” and for one week paying with cash for goods and services .
The results could be illuminating .
When Sigh mainman Mirai Kawashima offered to do a series of blogs from the studio where the band is recording their new album , Scenes from Hell , it was an opportunity too cool for us to pass up .
Below find Mirai ’s latest report ; here are links to his previous entries :
PART 1
PART 2
PART 3
PART 4
PART 5
PART 6
Enjoy !
Hello everybody .
This is not a studio report actually .
Finally , here we reveal the cover artwork for our eighth studio album , Scenes from Hell .
It was designed by Eliran Kantor ( Testament , Mekong Delta , Gwar , etc ) .
We ’re truly proud of the artwork .
This is the perfect descrition of what the album is about – namely War , Hell and Death !
The End Records has set January 19 , 2010 release date for this album .
As reported before , it features a real string quartet and real orchestral instruments such as trumpet , trombone , french horn , tuba , flute , clarinet and so on , and it turned out to be the perfect score to the scenes from hell .
We can assure you that this is by far the most grandiose and powerful album by Sigh .
Also , the album features the great aural cooperations from David Tibet ( Current 93 ) and Kam Lee .
The track listing for the effort is as follows :
Prelude to the Oracle L’art de Mourir The Soul Grave The Red Funeral The Summer Funeral Musica in Tempora Belli Vanitas Scenes from Hell
- MK
Visit Sigh on MySpace .
SANDY — Relatives of an infant who died after being in the care of a baby sitter are coming to the defense of the baby 's mother .
Jared Billette , 23 , was arrested Thursday afternoon .
The baby died after Billette was taken into custody .
Friday , prosecutors charged Billette with murder , a first - degree felony .
Bail was set at $ 1 million .
Billette 's girlfriend is a close friend of the mother of Milo Doxey , the 9 - month - old boy who was dropped off Wednesday at the apartment where Billette and his girlfriend live .
The girlfriend works at the apartment complex and was in and out of the home throughout the morning , leaving Milo and a 2 - year - old girl in the sole care of Billette , according to Victor Westbrook , who is one of the mother 's cousins .
The 2 - year - old was dropped off by another parent .
Milo was dropped off about 3:30 a.m .
When the girlfriend called Billette about 11:15 a.m. to ask about lunch , prosecutors say Billette told her he had to go because the infant was n't breathing .
The girlfriend called 911 and went back to her apartment .
" She entered the apartment and observed ( Milo ) lying on the couch , unresponsive , with the defendant kneeling beside him , " the charges state .
Milo was rushed to the hospital .
He died several hours later from his injuries .
Doctors say Milo suffered severe head trauma consistent with a shaken baby , and the injuries were also consistent with the boy 's head impacting " with a surface , " according to jail records .
" It 's not just picking up the baby and shaking him , " Westbrook told the Deseret News .
" The baby was shaken so hard he had ruptured arteries on the neck .
He had to have done something more brutal . "
" Such forces could only have been applied by a person of adult strength , " according to the doctors who treated Milo , quoted in court documents .
Prosecutors said the pediatric neurosurgeon who operated on the infant indicated " this was the worst case of inflicted brain trauma in a child he had ever seen , " according to the charges .
But Billette told investigators he was watching TV with the two children on the floor , the charges state .
He answered the call from his girlfriend but then noticed Milo was n't breathing .
" The defendant carried ( the infant ) into the kitchen and splashed water on his face while ( the infant ) was gasping for breath , " the charges state .
" The defendant denied that any accident occurred during that time frame ( he was alone with the children ) . "
Westbrook said he has been in close contact with his sister during every step of the tragedy .
Billette 's girlfriend and Milo 's mother were best friends .
Billette was somebody who the mother knew , Westbrook said .
It was not a case of the mother acting on blind faith .
" ( Critics ) act like my cousin's an idiot , " he said .
" Anyone with common sense knows we do n't just drop them off with strangers .
This was a man she knew and trusted .
He was at the hospital when the baby was born .
She 's known him since she 's had her baby . "
Billette had watched the infant before , Westbrook said .
Billette told investigators he watched the infant on a daily basis , according to court documents .
The mother — who is going to school , has a job , is unmarried and living with her sister who is also a single mom — is " devastated , " Westbrook said .
" Her life is turned upside down , and she has lost the love of her life , her beautiful baby boy , " he said .
" She 's not handling it very well . "
Billette and his girlfriend were scheduled to move to Washington in a week , Westbrook said .
The girlfriend had asked if they could watch Milo before the move , he said .
As for Billette 's girlfriend , Westbrook said , other family members have talked to her briefly .
" I do n't think she knows what to say , " he said .
Westbrook said part of him feels sorry for Billette .
But when parents or any adult are pushed to a " snapping point , " he said , they need to take a breath and think about the consequences of their actions .
" Think about how many lives you 've altered with a split - second decision .
He 's altered mine , " he said .
Milo 's family is donating the infant 's organs .
Doctors at Primary Children 's Medical Center have told the family the organs are expected to save the lives of six other children , Westbrook said .
A memorial fund has been established at all Wells Fargo banks under the Baby Milo Memorial Fund .
e-mail : preavy@desnews.com
“ Protect Mother Earth , Do n’t Settle for Less ”
Direct action stops development at the Hanlon Creek Business Park
by Adam Lewis
The Dominion - http://www.dominionpaper.ca
Share Del.icio
The first morning meeting on July 27 , after the site is occupied by land defenders .
Photo courtesy of hcbpoccupation.wordpress.com
On July 27 , 2009 more than 60 people occupied the Hanlon Creek Business Park ( HCBP ) in south Guelph , effectively halting all construction .
These land defenders from Guelph , Kitchener , Hamilton , Kingston , London and beyond entered the site in order to stop construction on an ecologically sensitive area , adjacent to one of Southern Ontario ’s last remaining old growth forests .
The forest is home to trees estimated to be over 500 years old and the surrounding habitat may contain the federally protected Jefferson Salamander .
According to the group 's blog , having “ watched every legal process fail [ them ] ” , the land defenders “ wanted to take a stand and do something more to protect the land . ”
The use of direct action , in the form of blockading further construction , including all entrances , was seen as a last line of defense for the forest .
The action was articulated , in the initial press release , as an intervention into the city ’s “ destruction of this vital land , ” with previous city consultations with MNR and the public dubbed a “ farce . ”
According to the blog , given that the city had begun construction on and destruction of the land , any consultations were thus meaningless as the city was not genuinely interested in the health of the landbase .
The site was made accessible to friendly visitors and media , and sought to steer away from militant confrontation .
As soon as the land defenders entered the site , camp preparations began in order to hold off construction until September 15 ( the deadline for the city to complete construction for this year due to environmental regulations ) , or stop the project altogether .
Every detail was conceived of , including a composting toilet , tents and several communal shelters .
I was fortunate enough to support this action from its beginning , having been asked to participate by folks from Guelph .
The solidarity and community spirit associated with the occupation group was clearly evident from the beginning of the action .
Many of those gathered had strong pre-existing relationships , having collaborated on political action , lived in the same area , or met through actions of solidarity with indigenous struggles .
A shared sense of openness , purpose and mutual aid was the basis of emerging solidarity that was a focal point for those involved .
Since the beginning of the direct action against the HCBP , there was a clearly agreed - upon conclusion that this occupation was first and foremost to be a space of resistance .
This was to ensure a “ safe and healthy space ” focused on the defense of the land , and to forgo all reason for police intervention , such as substance abuse or partying .
This was to define all camp activities .
The point was to maintain a sense of purpose and direction for a potentially tense political situation that seemed inevitable and to continue to examine the place of action against the HCBP in a wider resistance movement .
There was no formal organization or ideological definition by members of the occupation .
The three flags that flew atop the lookout tower permitted some speculation into the politics of the group but are hardly an exhaustive representation .
The Mohawk Warrior flag was followed by the Two Row Wampum and finally by the Green Anarchist flag .
The " Two Row " is comprised of two parallel purple lines , one of which symbolizes Indigenous peoples and the other the non-Indigenous with whom treaties have been signed .
The two lines do not pass and represent the autonomy of both groups in their use of the land .
In recognition to the ongoing assault on Indigenous communities , this flag stands as a symbol of solidarity with Indigenous peoples , as does the Warrior Flag .
The action began with the intention of engaging in solidarity with the Indigenous groups whose traditional territory we were seeking to protect .
Formal support came from the Six Nations Hoskanigetah ( Men ’s Fire ) .
The group issued a statement calling for “ the Corporation of the City of Guelph to CEASE AND DESIST the development of the Hanlon Creek Business Park . ”
The green anarchist flag is split diagonally , one half black for anarchism and the other green ( in this case camouflage ) for radical environmentalism .
Perhaps a unifying point for the group is that this action is part of a broader struggle to challenge the supremacy of cultural modes and statist power .
It is an exercise in confrontation , as well as part of a broader struggle for creating alternative spaces .
Three flags of unity fly atop the lookout tower at the occupation site .
Photo courtesy of hcbpoccupation.wordpress.com
The processes employed by the group also served to exemplify an alternative to the current culture with decisions made using group input and a mode of consensus decision making .
Eschewing hierarchy and oppressive practices , those assembled sought to put into practice a new mode of community and solidarity - based organizing .
This included rotating tasks and responsibilities to ensure equal participation and to acknowledge the specific needs of different members of the group .
This process included group decisions and input on everything from tactics to tasks to messaging and interaction with the broader public .
In this sense the occupation camp came to be an example of autonomous organizing , against or as an alternative to the oppressive and hierarchical modalities of everyday capitalist / statist society .
The alternative politics of the group has allowed individuals to gain a connection to the land .
Living with plants and animals and flowing water for over a week made a personal connection with the landbase possible .
It reinforced the need to protect natural spaces from the onslaught of capitalist “ progress . ”
Simply spending time on the land and interacting with it first hand goes a long way to forming a clear understanding of why such spaces must be saved from the unrelenting development machine .
Stepping softly through the old growth and wetland areas , the usual drudgery of urban life and the banalities of capitalist economics were further from our thoughts .
We held plant and tree walks , expanding understanding of the very life systems at work around us .
Modern societies sever their connections to the natural spaces that allow for their very existence , and Hanlon Creek is no exception .
The Hanlon Creek occupation stood for 20 days before a court injunction ordered the removal of the land defenders .
The defenders may have vacated the site , but construction has yet to continue .
A second injunction was issued against the city that would halt construction until September 13 .
A further condition of the City injunction is that the Ministry of Natural Resources has final say over the future of the site .
The ministry had previously stated its opposition to the development , indicating in a July 31 letter to the City of Guelph that it was “ not in a position to support the continued construction of municipal services for Phases 1 and 2 of HCBP in absence of complete information regarding the extent of Jefferson Salamander habitat , ” though city officials denied this .
Despite this opposition , on Thursday , August 27 , Donna Cansfield , Minister of Natural Resources , decided not to issue a stop work order that would prevent further construction of the Hanlon Creek Business Park .
The very ministry that oversees natural spaces and habitats has now rendered this ecologically sensitive area insignificant , despite evidence to the contrary .
Interestingly , the city was attempting to extend the construction deadline by appealing to the rand River Conservation Authority , but as of now has postponed all construction until spring 2010 .
In a September 3 press release , the city stated that further work would be postponed as an extension would require de-watering of the construction area .
The mayor also stated that the city had been held “ hostage ” by the protesters who “ ignored democratic processes . ”
The city is still unable to grasp how it is failing the citizens of Guelph by demolishing vital natural areas , and does not acknowledge the inherent problems of the so called “ democratic process . "
Despite this recent victory , the fight to stop the Hanlon Creek Business Park is not over yet and widespread public support , in the form of letters and emails , is still required to ensure that the development is halted indefinitely .
In the case of Hanlon Creek , direct action was able to bring about a turning point in the state of the development and force further action by the Ministry , but it seems the bureaucratic legalist means of engagement have failed yet again .
Without our landbase , we lose the crucial support systems that enable life to exist .
In a culture with growth and increased consumption as its core values , it is direct experiences in alternative relationships in the social and natural realms that make way for community - based politics centered on mutual aid and free from hierarchy and oppression .
It is these alternative spaces in which we may be able to begin to understand relationships to our lives and the life around us .
For more information on the occupation please visit the occupation blog at hcbpoccupation.wordpress.com or peaceculture.org .
Adam Lewis organizes with AW@L in Kitchener and spent 9 days at the Hanlon Creek occupation site as one of the land defenders .
This is his interpretation of the events as they took place at the development site .
He can be reached at lewis.f.adam@gmail.com .
By Clare Matheson
Business reporter , BBC News
Old style sexism has " died a death " in the city - so says the deputy chairman of fund management firm JO Hambro .
Equality laws are holding women back , says Nichola Pease
In fact , controversially , Nicola Pease , 48 , suggests that red tape is now holding women back rather than helping them to get ahead .
The mother - of - three , who has been working in the City of London since the 1980s , made the comments to MPs investigating the issue of Women in the City .
But has sexism really left the financial sector ?
" Prejudicial attitudes in flexible working structures and discriminatory pay practices mean that today women suffer an 80 % pay gap with regards to bonuses , " says Kat Banyard , campaign director at the Fawcett Society .
Pay battle Ms Banyard says that , despite having equal pay rights enshrined in law since the 1970s , a pay gap still exists and the law is not strong enough .
" As a result , companies are not required to check that they are paying equally , so it 's absolutely crucial we have mandatory pay audits , " she adds .
" The Equality Bill currently going through Parliament is a once - in - a - generation opportunity to reform equal pay law we cannot afford to miss . "
Yet Ms Pease has urged MPs not to wade further into the issue , as legislation now meant some employers believed hiring a woman was a " nightmare " .
Long maternity leave and fears of costly discrimination action were just two of the issues Ms Pease highlighted as factors that deterred firms from taking on women .
" Blue chips and PLCs will do the proper HR thing to manage people 's careers - keep in touch policies , backfilling , " says human resources director Tony Molloy .
" But smaller companies are not constrained by the law and will find they can't do some of the things blue chips do .
" For SMEs , it 's much more difficult .
For example , backfilling maternity leave can be a problem .
If you can't fill a post you must recruit and that can cost around £ 5,000 to get the interim worker , then there 's the salary for the mother on top , " he adds .
Big changes
He also points out that a woman returning to the City from maternity leave now will be facing a very different world from the one she left 12 months ago as a result of the current financial crisis .
It was horrible going back to work .
I was upset and quite sad for some time
Louise Wadsworth , working mother " The whole structure of the business may be completely different , how does a firm or a worker manage in that kind of situation ? "
So should maternity leave be cut back to 12 weeks like in the US , as Ms Pease suggested ?
" By limiting leave you are putting women and their children and their financial stability at risk , " says Ms Banyard .
In fact , the Fawcett Society would call for more equality of leave for fathers and mothers as , by limiting men's leave and encouraging women to take on the role of carer , legislation is actually reinforcing a stereotypical view in reality .
Instead , men and women should be able to choose who takes on that role , says Ms Banyard .
As for Mr Molloy , while he does not support the US system , he does believe the 12 - month period enshrined in law is " a bit too long " .
Turmoil Louise Wadsworth , a Briton working as an operations manager in Singapore , found herself in a similar situation to American women when she had her daughter in 2007 .
" After the 12 weeks maternity leave , I took two weeks annual leave and then used more annual leave to work a four day week for two months .
It was horrible going back to work .
I was upset and quite sad for some time , " she says .
Does motherhood limit a woman 's career ?
" I kept telling my husband that we could manage without my salary and he agreed , but proceeded to describe life without it as pretty bleak .
In the end I choose to carry on . "
But despite the emotional turmoil of returning to work , she also agrees that a year is too long for women to leave the workplace as it could mean too much of a financial burden for the company .
" I think it is reasonable that after a limited amount of time , say three months , that the company does n't have to pay for the employee 's maternity leave , " Ms Wadsworth adds .
" But I believe a company should have an obligation to leave a person 's job open for 12 months . "
Empty posts
But why are women not progressing to the top of companies ?
According to the Fawcett Society just 12 % of the top jobs at FTSE 100 companies are held by women .
The higher up you go the easier it is to work flexibly
Kat Banyard , Fawcett Society Ms Pease argues that this is not a result of sexism or an old boys ' network , but down to women opting to take a career path more compatible to the demands of a family .
" I would love to give everyone flexible working practices , but there are certain jobs which have unsociable hours , " she told MPs .
" Conference calls at various times to accommodate the global nature of business .
There 's a lot of travel .
Those are the commercial realities " .
The Fawcett Society believes Ms Pease is not entirely " appreciative " of what flexible working means .
Ms Banyard argues that fitting hours around the job - not working less - brings greater rewards to companies and workers .
Staff get more family time and a morale boost while the company benefits through less staff turnover and higher productivity .
Meanwhile , Mr Molloy says many weapons can be used to tackle " unsociability " , particularly new technology - for example video conferencing can be used to cut down travel .
He also points out that as workers progress through a company the demands of a family probably do lead to fewer women moving up the ladder , leaving a smaller pool to recruit from at the top .
Heavy - handed ?
But he is wary of bringing in quotas for boards .
" You would have to have positive development practices to help women get on and remain at a comparable level to men , " says Mr Molley .
" If not , you 'd have to look externally for candidates and , once you start recruiting outside , that is demoralising for internal staff . "
Women are in the minority on blue chip boards
And when you get to the top of the chain , you should find it easier to cope with family commitments , says the Fawcett Society .
" The higher up you go the easier it is to work flexibly as you 're the one in charge , and inevitably you 'll have more resources to afford flexibility , " says Ms Banyard .
Ms Wadsworth agrees , pointing out that possibly the fact that Ms Pease and her husband are much better off than the average worker has helped ease the burden of childcare and childcare costs .
" I agree that with more cash and / or more affordable child care it's a lot easier to remain working and be a parent , " she says .
" At the end of the day , it 's a choice .
I 'd be a lot richer in monetary terms without Alex but a lot poorer as a person . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Listed below are the most recent DRL binary downloads .
If you do not know which file you should download , you probably want the Windows installer ( first file below ) .
Main downloads
File Downloads Size doomrl-0997.exe
DRL Windows Installer ( High Quality ) [ 120608 ] [ 100.66units_m ]
doomrl-win-0997.zip
DRL Windows version Zipped ( High Quality ) [ 42126 ] [ 100.86units_m ]
doomrl - linux - i386-0997.tar.gz
DRL Linux 32 bit-version ( High Quality ) [ 5206 ] [ 100.89units_m ]
doomrl - linux - x64-0997.tar.gz
DRL Linux 64 bit-version ( High Quality ) [ 18549 ] [ 101.23units_m ]
doomrl-0997.dmg
DRL 0.9.9.7 Mac OSX 64 - bit version ( bundle ) ( *) [ 15882 ] [ 104.63units_m ]
Note about the Mac OS X version — compared to the last release we have a proper self - contained bundle finally !
However , if you have your Mac configured to accept only signed apps , you ’ll need to manually allow DRL to run after installation ( Ctrl - Right click the App and choose Open ) — if you have any problem installing , feel free to ask at the forums !
Note about the Linux versions — you ’ll need SDL , SDL_mixer , SDL_image and libpng installed , and smpeg if you want to use the HQ versions .
On some linux distro ’s mp3 support is not enabled in SDL_mixer — a workaround has been posted on the forum .
Low quality downloads ( deprecated )
Additionally a low quality version is supplied .
It is generally deprecated — but if your system does n’t run MP3 files properly , you want a small portable version or for any other reason , here they are .
November 23 , 2009
ANTI -SWEATSHOP activists scored a major victory at Russell Athletic on November 14 when the company was forced to reinstate 1,200 workers fired from its Honduras plant .
The workers were dismissed early this year , shortly after their factory was unionized .
The campaign to get workers their jobs back was spearheaded by the 12 - year - old organization United Students Against Sweatshops ( USAS ) , which lead a 10 - month campaign to pressure Russell Athletic , as well as its parent company Fruit of the Loom , owned by billionaire investor Warren Buffet .
The company agreed not only to reinstate the fired workers and reopen the factory in Honduras , but to recognize the union of Jerzees de Honduras workers , SITRAJERZEESH , and to refrain from any future attempts to block unionization at all Russell and Fruit of the Loom factories in Honduras .
In the past , Russell was known as a viciously anti-union company .
Management fired 145 workers in 2007 for supporting a union , and union activists have received death threats for attempts to organize at their factories .
" For us , it was very important to receive the support of the universities , " Moises Alvarado , president of the union at the factory , told the New York Times .
" We are impressed by the social conscience of the students in the U.S. "
Members of United Students Against Sweatshops at Georgetown University protest Russell Athetic
Activists employed a wide range of tactics to put pressure on universities , which resulted in 96 schools canceling contracts with Russell that allow the company to put university logos on their products .
At Cornell University , for instance , activists flew Honduran workers to campus to talk about their struggle , and organized demonstrations at the university bookstore and Dick 's sporting goods store in Ithaca , which sells Russell apparel .
In Omaha , students knocked on Warren Buffet 's door to deliver a message about working conditions at his factories .
Organizers drew into the campaign students from more than 100 universities that did n't have USAS chapters .
The response from universities was also a belated result of a wave of activism starting in the late 1990s , when USAS was born as one part of a rising global justice movement .
The late '90s saw a wave of sit-ins , sometimes involving hundreds of students and lasting several days , which forced schools to adopt " codes of conduct " relating to the rights of workers who manufacture clothing that carry university logos .
After a number of victories were scored around this demand , activists attempted to make them more than symbolic by forming the Worker Rights Consortium ( WRC ) , an agency created to monitor the factories involved , and then organizing another wave of sit-ins and demonstrations to force university administrations to join it .
Although the initial momentum of the anti-sweatshop movement eventually died down , activists in USAS have continued to work over the last decade to expand the WRC to more schools .
As a result , when the WRC sounded the alarm over Russell 's union - busting move , students across the country used these past victories to pressure university administrations to cut off their contracts with Russell .
" This is the first time we know of where a factory that was shut down to eliminate a union was later reopened after a worker - activist campaign , " said USAS International Campaign Coordinator Rod Palmquist .
" This is also the first company - wide neutrality agreement in the history of the Central America apparel export industry -- and it has been entered into by the largest private employer in Honduras , the largest exporter of T - shirts to the U.S. market in the world .
" This is a breakthrough of enormous significance for the right to organize -- and worker rights in general -- in one of the harshest labor rights environments in the world . "
Hopefully , students can use this example to further other struggles in solidarity with workers in the U.S. and abroad .
Source : IntelFusion
The above map illustrates the projected arrival of broadband service to Africa in 2010 and 2011 via undersea cables .
That ’s the good news .
The bad news , and the point of this post , is that Africa is home to about 100 million PCs , 80 % of which are estimated to be infected with some kind of malware .
This has occurred because the intense poverty throughout the continent has resulted in a pervasive distribution of pirated software and the inability to pay for Anti-Virus protection .
Currently , most Internet access is via dial - up , but once broadband comes to Africa , all of those infected PCs will become an easy target for bot herders looking to build the next mega - botnet ;
Think about it .
Almost a hundred million PCs with little to no AV protection connected to the Internet backbone via a super highway instead of a dirt path .
What could a bad operator do with a botnet of that size ?
Pretty much anything he wants , including paralyzing an entire nation ’s networked infrastructure .
That ’s all systems connected to the Internet , including power , water , communications , commerce , etc .
If this were a public health risk , ( a ) it would never have been allowed to get this far out of hand , and ( b ) labs would be working around the clock to produce enough anti-virus serums to stop the pandemic in its tracks .
If every infected PC in Africa were a person , this would rank as the second worst pandemic in the history of the world .
Today , botnets are a key asset for organized crime producing millions of dollars in revenue from a variety of malware schemes and a potentially potent weapon in Non-state geopolitical attacks against government Web sites .
Simply put , Africa ’s population of infected PCs is a significant emerging threat on an international scale and action must be taken to remedy it before those undersea cables go online .
Since Microsoft Windows is the OS that we are talking about , it falls on Microsoft to do something about this problem .
One good first step would be what Microsoft ’s Paul Cooke discusses here - support pirated versions of Windows 7 with patches , etc.
Keeping a machine up to date is one of the first steps in helping ensure that they remain reliable , compatible , and safe from threats when they are online .
Some of the most famous incidents of malicious software infection have come after security updates were publicly available from Microsoft - Blaster , Zotob , Conficker and Sasser , just to name a few .
Rest assured that we at Microsoft are committed to making sure that security updates are available to all of our users to help ensure a safe online experience for everyone .
Just doing this for Windows 7 is not nearly enough .
Microsoft needs to make this commitment for all Windows PCs or it becomes more of a PR stunt then a genuine effort to do the responsible thing .
However , even if MSFT would commit to such a massive endeavor ( and I do n’t believe that they would ) , it would n’t be enough because of its reputation of issuing free updates to pirated PCs which , in turn , make them unusable .
There ’s nothing wrong with that on principle , except that it has now established MSFT as untrustworthy ( read the comments section of the above referenced Cooke quote to see what I mean ) .
This means that other , independent agencies would have to vet the MSFT patches and security updates as not being disguised OS killers and then distribute them freely throughout Africa .
AV firms like Symantec , McAfee , and others should also consider offering free subscriptions to their AV lines on a project by project basis .
This one would certainly qualify for such an altruistic effort .
Bottom line : if there is n’t a global response to this threat before mid-2010 , we will all come to regret the consequences , and global corporations who could afford to act and did n’t , should be held accountable in the aftermath .
“ A third of humanity does n't want to ride bikes anymore ; that has profound geopolitical implications . ”
— Anne Korin , the co-director of the Institute for the Analysis of Global Security ( May 1 , 2005 )
L ast week I discussed the well - known challenge faced by millions of Canadians as they sort through a myriad of cellphone pricing plans in a marketplace still lacking in robust competition .
Previously unreported , however , is that Industry Canada officials identified the same problem and worked for years to develop an online tool to address it .
After spending tens of thousands of dollars creating and testing an online calculator designed to help consumers select their ideal wireless plan , Industry Minister Tony Clement killed the project weeks before it was scheduled to launch .
Government records suggest intense lobbying this spring by Canada 's wireless companies , who feared the service would promote lower - cost plans , played a key role in the decision .
The Office of Consumer Affairs ( OCA ) , a branch within Industry Canada with a mandate to promote and protect consumer interests , was the original source for Which Cell Plan ?
A Calculator .
The calculator asked consumers for detailed information about their current or anticipated cellphone use and provided them with a detailed list of suitable plans from Canadian providers .
In 2008 , the OCA paid Decima Research almost $ 60,000 to conduct extensive usability testing .
The company conducted 12 two - hour focus group sessions in Halifax , Vancouver and Montreal that included cellphone users as well as " cellphone intenders " – those expecting to purchase a cellphone within a year .
Decima Research 's report noted " participants felt being a consumer of cellphones is frustrating and difficult .
The service plans of different providers are difficult to compare because they are all different .
Secondary frustrations and challenges included the length and limitations of contracts , billing inaccuracies and quality of service issues such as dropped calls and coverage . "
The focus groups ' response to the cellphone cost calculator was positive , with the vast majority of participants indicating they would use the tool and encourage friends and family to do the same .
Yet just as Industry Canada was set to launch the tool , the major wireless carriers began lobbying against it .
According to lobbyist registration records , the Canadian Wireless Telecommunications Association and Bell Canada met with officials from Clement 's office on April 8 , with the association listing telecommunications regulation and consumer issues as the topics of discussion .
Two weeks later , Telus also met with the same officials to discuss consumer issues .
The carriers were apparently concerned that the tool only covered voice services and was geared toward lower - priced plans .
Sensing that Clement was facing pressure to block the calculator , Canadian consumer groups wrote to the minister , urging him to stick with it .
Despite months of preparation , thousands of dollars in taxpayer expense , the creation of an effective tool and the obvious benefits for lower - income Canadians , Clement nevertheless killed the project .
Given the tool 's potential to encourage more Canadians to adopt wireless services , the decision ironically came just as Clement was meeting with technology executives in an effort to kick - start a national digital agenda .
According to an Industry Canada spokesperson , " technical limitations " were to blame .
With public dollars having funded the mothballed project , the government should now consider releasing the calculator 's source code and enable other groups to pick up where the OCA left off .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
In the meantime , Industry Canada has posted a cellphone checklist that asks consumers many of the same questions , but does not provide any information on carrier plans or pricing .
Michael Geist holds the Canada Research Chair in Internet and E- commerce Law at the University of Ottawa , faculty of law .
He can be reached at mgeist@uottawa.ca or online at michaelgeist.ca .
Location : SE 82nd at Holgate and SE Division around 123rd
Description :
I grew up in rural SE Portland out by Powell Butte , so venture in that direction every so often to visit family .
When I do , I try to take a circuitous route traveling down those streets I have n’t been down since I was a child .
Earlier this fall , it was SE Holgate .
As we crossed 82nd , I eyed this cart in the lot of the corner market and decided to check it out .
Cora Y Huichol is a Mexican Taqueria truck offering up an extensive menu of Mexican favorites , including many seafood and vegetarian options .
When we were there at around noon on a Saturday , they were doing brisk business , telling me that this was a favorite among the many taco trucks that line 82nd blvd .
I have been to Cora Y Huichol twice now .
On the first visit , I tried the carnitas burrito .
I love carnitas .
Who does n’t love braised spiced pork served up with beans and rice , a little guacamole and some spicy peppers .
This was n’t your traditional giant burrito which makes you wish you had n’t finished it .
The size was perfect for the price and I was sated , albeit my mouth was burning from putting on a bit to much hot sauce .
On my second visit , I chose tacos .
I normally get tacos to gauge a new taco truck , so had to try theirs .
I am use to paying $ 1.50 a taco , so was happy to see that out in SE , they are only $ 1.25 .
Woohooo , saving some money !
Cora Y Huichol did n’t disappoint .
You can get tacos served with your choice of meats from carnitas to asada to chorizo and even lengua ( beef tongue . )
You can also get it vegetarian .
I picked out three different meats and chowed down .
If you are out and about in SouthEast Portland , check out some of the taco trucks out there .
Cora Y Huichol is one of many who offer up excellent Mexican food at a great price .
The Portland Mercury just finished a story on Taco Trucks to give you an idea of what others like .
If you go , grab a lengua taco and tell them Food Carts Portland sent ya .
Sample Menu :
Choices of meat : asada ( steak ) , adobada ( BBQ pork ) , pollo ( chicken ) , carnitas ( pork ) , lengua ( beef tongue ) , cabeza ( beef cheek ) , chorizo ( Mexican sausage ) and others .
Tacos – $ 1.25 each
Quesadillas – $ 4.49
Burritos – $ 4.49
Totas – $ 4.99
Tostadas – $ 2.99 each
Numerous Marisco ( seafood ) options ranging from ceviche at $ 2.99 to Camarones ahogados ( shrimp in lemon and spices ) for $ 11.99
Vegetarian options available
Hours : Daily 11 am - 10 pm
Phone / Contact : 503 995 6606
INSERT_MAP
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Email
Print
Cold Turkey Thanksgiving 2009 By Darryl Robert Schoon
Nov 24 2009 10:35 AM www.drschoon.com
The study of money , above all other fields in economics , is one in which complexity is used to disguise truth or to evade truth , not to reveal it .
The process by which banks create money is so simple the mind is repelled .
John Kenneth Galbraith ( 1908 - ) , former professor of economics at Harvard , writing in Money :
Whence it came , where it went ( 1975 ) .
JK Galbraith ’s statement that complexity is used by modern economics to confuse the truth about money is a fact .
Simply put , bankers replaced money with credit and debt in order to profit by the indebting of others .
It ’s why bankers are now so rich .
It is also why others are now so poor .
Understanding money is not rocket science .
Modern currencies are a fraud , a fraud that has escaped detection much as did Bernard Madoff ’s ponzi-scheme .
Bernard Madoff ’s scheme was based on the fraud that investor ’s money was , in fact , invested .
The fraud of modern economics , however , is that money is n’t actually money — and they do n’t want you to know it .
Merry old England
the Mother of Modern Monetary FRAUD
From the time of Charlemagne until the 12th century , the silver currency of England was made from the highest purity silver available .
Unfortunately there were drawbacks to minting currency of fine silver , notably the level of wear it suffered , and the ease with which coins could be " clipped " , or trimmed , by those dealing in the currency .
In the 12th century a new standard for English coinage was established by Henry II — the Sterling Silver standard of 92.5 % silver and 7.5 % copper .
This was a harder - wearing alloy , yet it was still a rather high grade of silver .
It went some way towards discouraging the practice of " clipping " , though this practice was further discouraged and largely eliminated with the introduction of the milled edge we see on coins today .
By 1696 the currency had been seriously weakened by an increase in clipping during the Nine Years '
War to the extent that it was decided to recall and replace all hammered silver coinage in circulation .
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coins_of_the_pound_sterling
CLIPPING CURRENCY BIG TIME
THE INTRODUCTION OF PAPER BANKNOTES
The real clipping of money began in 1694 when the Bank of England was allowed to issue its paper banknotes to circulate alongside silver coins .
Over the next three hundred years , the bankers ’ debt - based notes would replace gold and silver ; and , as a consequence , the entire world would eventually become in debt to the bankers .
The triumph of private bankers in replacing money with banknotes was to be universal as all nations would eventually succumb to the banker ’s easy credit and inevitable debt .
Today , the central ingredient of money is not gold or silver but confidence , confidence in banknotes no longer backed or convertible to anything of value .
Modern economics is a highly successful confidence game run by bankers .
The following is from the Bank of England ’s own website emphasizing its considerable efforts to maintain the necessary confidence in its on - going con game :
The Bank of England has been issuing banknotes for over 300 years … Gaining and maintaining public confidence in the currency is a key role of the Bank of England and one which is essential to the proper functioning of the economy .
[ bold mine ]
www.bankofengland.co.uk/banknotes/
THE BANKERS CON GAME
The long - running and lucrative confidence game , however , is about to end .
Its breakdown is now underway as constantly compounding consumer , business and government debt can no longer be carried and / or paid for by existing or future productivity , especially as economies are contracting , not expanding , and collective debt levels are skyrocketing to levels which can never be repaid .
We borrowed against tomorrow and tomorrow is here
The collapse of economies such as the US , the UK , and Japan etc , will eventually render the bankers ’
IOUs and government currencies worthless ; and when this happens , the three hundred year stranglehold of bankers over human endeavor will be over .
BANKERS REPENT
You who hold the scales
Of justice in the land
You who hold the power
That determines if a man Will earn his daily bread
Or fall victim to your schemes
Broken and indebted
By the triumph of your dreams Repent , repent , repent my friends
Repent if you would please
Repent , repent , repent my friends
From your selfishness disease
Your doors can’t hold forever
The storm now at the gate
You ’ve chosen what will happen
You ’ve chosen your own fate Already we can hear
The changes coming near
Already we can smell
Your anger and your fear Just when you thought you had it all
That fate would be your friend
It turned on you did it not
Perhaps this is your end What ’s happening to your power ?
What happened to your greed ?
What ’s happening to your minions ?
Who served your every need History has turned on you
After being so kind
The public now is on to you
After being so blind Repent , repent , repent my friends
Repent if you would please
Repent , repent , repent my friends
From your selfishness disease Gold makes a run
Two powerful forces , paper money and gold , are now locked in mortal combat .
The combatants , however , are proxies for far more fundamental forces .
Paper money is a proxy for private banking and government power — and gold is a proxy for freedom .
Moving Through The Maelstrom Monthly Commentary November 2009
The complete breakdown of the global economy was necessary for people to understand what is happening .
Economic elites had banished all inquiry into monetary issues that did not conform to their special interests .
Keynes and Friedman were popularized not because they were right , but because their theories suited those in power .
Truth was ignored .
Today , its revenge is here .
Popular theories supporting paper money will soon give way to economic realities exposing their failings .
Against the formidable opposition of central banks and Western governments , the price of gold has more than quadrupled in ten years .
The forward selling of unmined gold by large gold mining companies in collusion with central bank gold leasing did much to constrain gold ’s advance but the power of its intractable rise should be seen in the light of that opposition .
Currently , the fall of the US dollar is currently pushing gold to new highs .
Tomorrow it will be the fall of the pound , the euro or the yen that will do so .
The fraud of paper money is being exposed and it is only a matter of time until the global edifice of credit and debt it supports will collapse .
In The Great Wave ( Oxford University Press 1996 ) , Professor David Hackett Fisher , an economic historian , tells of the great waves that periodically destroy existing epochs to make way for the new and better eras that follow .
Such waves , Professor Fisher found , always culminate in total economic collapse .
We are nearing the end of what Fisher believes is perhaps history ’s greatest wave ; and yet , the economy is still standing ( though currently quite wobbly ) .
Since great waves last from 80 to 120 years and this wave began in 1896 , it means an economic collapse is imminent .
It does seem to be a possibility , does n’t it ?
THANKSGIVING AND THANKFULNESS
For those invested in gold and silver , their recent rise is cause for thanksgiving .
But our thanksgiving for gold and silver ’s rise must be tempered with what the rise of gold and silver signifies .
Gold and silver are barometers of monetary turmoil and economic distress ; and the higher they rise , the more severe and closer the collapse will be .
For the few who saw the collapse coming , it will be a vindication that the truth can and will triumph , that monetary fraud no matter how ubiquitous or long - standing cannot last forever , that gold and silver are money and that paper currencies are not .
Professor Antal Fekete said the day gold and silver explode upwards will be a sad day for humanity .
He is right .
The explosive ascent of gold and silver will be caused by the global collapse of paper assets and paper money .
Suffering and loss will be the experience of most .
Although that day will be one of tragedy , it will also make way for the new and better world that is to come .
Give thanks for that .
Life is a miracle and we are a part of it .
It is not done with us yet .
That much is obvious .
Buy gold , buy silver , have faith .
Darryl Robert Schoon
www.survivethecrisis.com
blog www.posdev.net/pdn/index.php?option=com_myblog&blogger=drs&Itemid=81 **** November 2 - 5 , Professor Fekete will be speaking in Australia on “ The World Financial Crisis and the Vanishing Gold Basis� ?.
For those wishing to know more about the professor , the wikipedia reference , http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antal_E._Fekete, is invaluable .
I also discuss Professor Fekete on my YouTube channel , http://www.youtube.com/user/SchoonWorks.
For information about the up - coming event in Australia , see http://www.professorfekete.com/gsul.asp .
I , and others , will be speaking as well .
– Sonya Fatah writes for the GlobalPost , where this article first appeared . –
Their voices rang out , echoing in the nearby passageway .
“ Count your many blessings , ” they sang .
“ Name them one by one .
Count your many blessings .
See what God hath done . ”
And so , the women , some 25 of them , members of the Sisters Committee at one of the six churches of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - Day Saints in New Delhi , closed their Sunday post - service meeting .
“ Let us all work together so we can have a temple here , ” urged the chair of the meeting , eliciting head nods and verbal assents all round .
There are almost 7,500 Mormons in India , according to the LDS Church , one of the most organized religious bodies in the world .
Like all religious groups keen on increasing their numbers , the church is now looking eastward , toward India to share Joseph Smith ’s message .
On numbers alone , conversion in India has n’t happened as quickly as in Latin America , but that is n’t holding back the missionary fervor of those who have already embraced the church ’s teachings .
Ever since elders from the Quorum of the Twelve , while visiting Bangalore in 1992 , announced a “ prophecy ” that New Delhi would have a temple , serious efforts are underway to get there .
Anuradha Yadav , 24 , is one new Mormon who is dedicated to seeing a temple in New Delhi .
Born into a traditional Hindu family of the Yadav caste , Anuradha recalls questioning her faith early on , when she was 14 years old .
“ I kept asking questions , and I started visiting churches .
In all I visited 30 churches . ”
One year of church shopping later , Anuradha was even more confused .
Then in 2006 she bumped into two young elders on the street who shared the Book of Mormon with her .
She read it cover to cover and felt renewed .
“ I knelt down and prayed .
That was such a wonderful moment .
I felt as if somebody had just made me calm , ” she said , tearing up at the memory .
Two of the women in the front row at the Sister ’s Committee meeting were from Anuradha ’s family : her mother , Saraswati , and her sister - in - law , Hema .
Dressed traditionally in a blue sari , her hair tied up in a neat bun with a bindi on her forehead , Saraswati came to the church after she saw a miraculous change in her daughter .
“ The church changed Anuradha and taught her so much patience and kindness .
I was attracted to Christianity myself as a child because I had a Christian friend and I always wanted to go to church with her but my father never let me . ”
Most of the people gathered here were either recent converts or those interested in joining the church .
Of the five elders in the room , two were young Americans on the 18 - month mission that is part of every young Mormon ’s coming of age in the church .
Elder Dyck , 20 , from Sacramento , Calif. , had just completed the first year of his mission .
“ We speak a lot to people on the road as we ’re walking around our delegated areas .
It ’s hard here to attract people , ” he admitted , “ but the positives really outweigh the negatives . ”
To Indian converts , one of Mormonism ’s greatest attractions is the existence of the living prophet .
“ We have a living prophet who is leading and guiding us right now , ” an Indian elder told the Bible Study group .
Like Elder Dyck , Anuradha , also went on a conversion mission to Andhra Pradesh in the country ’s south , where Mormons have had the most success in attracting Indians .
“ My father was not happy that I was going away for 18 months but I went anyway . ”
Once dismissive of idol worship and reincarnation , Anuradha employed patience and understanding in reaching out to others instead of mocking her birth religion .
Over the course of that mission , Anuradha converted 30 people .
Outside her mission , she ’s converted at least 10 other people , including her mother , two brothers , a sister , a sister - in - law and three close friends .
For her , as for many of those who attend church at the several New Delhi missions , Mormonism is a no-brainer .
“ I learned how to be a good daughter , a good sister , to respect everyone and be kind to everyone , ” Anuradha said .
“ I really know that this is the true gospel of Jesus Christ and my life really has changed . ”
More from Global Post :
Ford bets on India
India ’s Monsoon economy
Identity issues in India
Cobbling together 3000 individual photographs , a physicist has made a new high - resolution panoramic image of the full night sky , with the Milky Way galaxy as its centerpiece .
Axel Mellinger , a professor at Central Michigan University , describes the process of making the panorama in the November issue of Publications of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific .
" This panorama image shows stars 1000 times fainter than the human eye can see , as well as hundreds of galaxies , star clusters and nebulae , " Mellinger said .
Its high resolution makes the panorama useful for both educational and scientific purposes , he says .
Mellinger spent 22 months and traveled over 26,000 miles to take digital photographs at dark sky locations in South Africa , Texas and Michigan .
After the photographs were taken , " the real work started , " Mellinger said .
Simply cutting and pasting the images together into one big picture would not work .
Each photograph is a two - dimensional projection of the celestial sphere .
As such , each one contains distortions , in much the same way that flat maps of the round Earth are distorted .
In order for the images to fit together seamlessly , those distortions had to be accounted for .
To do that , Mellinger used a mathematical model -- and hundreds of hours in front of a computer .
Another problem Mellinger had to deal with was the differing background light in each photograph .
" Due to artificial light pollution , natural air glow , as well as sunlight scattered by dust in our solar system , it is virtually impossible to take a wide - field astronomical photograph that has a perfectly uniform background , " Mellinger said .
To fix this , Mellinger used data from the Pioneer 10 and 11 space probes .
The data allowed him to distinguish star light from unwanted background light .
He could then edit out the varying background light in each photograph .
That way they would fit together without looking patchy .
The result is an image of our home galaxy that no star - gazer could ever see from a single spot on earth .
Mellinger plans to make the giant 648 megapixel image available to planetariums around the world .
An interactive version of the picture can viewed on Mellinger 's website .
Image : YLE
In a similar poll in February , some 48 percent of respondents were opposed to constructing more nuclear power reactors while 37 percent were in favour .
Women were more critical of constructing more nuclear facilities than men .
Some 73 percent of women were opposed , while 56 percent of men were in favour of building more nuclear plants .
More people who are in favour of building nuclear facilities are supportive of constructing more than one nuclear reactor .
In the most recent survey , 41 percent of respondents supported this move .
Last February , the number was 34 percent .
The margin of error was 2.5 percent .
On this page Installing Apache And ColdFusion 9 On Ubuntu 9.04
Installing Apache And ColdFusion 9 On Ubuntu 9.04
Ubuntu is now an officially support Operating system for ColdFusion 9 .
This is a guide on installing Apache and ColdFusion 9 on a clean install of Ubuntu 9.04 .
This starts with a clean install on Ubuntu 9.04 with no additional options selected during the install .
If you are planning on running PHP side by side with ColdFusion my recommendation is to set up PHP first then ColdFusion .
Update the server :
sudo apt - get update
sudo apt - get upgrade
Install ssh server so we can work remotely :
sudo apt - get install openssh - server
Install a slightly better version of Vim ( not needed if you do n't use vi ) :
sudo apt - get install apt - get install vim-nox
Reboot to apply any changes from the upgrade .
sudo reboot
At this point I switch to a remote ssh client ( putty Windows or terminal on OSX ) .
We are now ready to install Apache .
sudo apt - get install apache2
I like to make one change to the default index.html for testing :
sudo vi /var/www/index.html
Test the Apache install :
OK Apache is functioning .
There is one additional library required for C++ custom tags , webservices and some cfimage functionality to work properly .
If you do not install this you will be warned in the installer process :
sudo apt - get install libstdc++5
At this point you need to download ColdFusion 9 .
This example is using the 32 bit Linux version .
I do n't need ftp on this server so I will use scp to move the ColdFusion 9 installer to my home directory .
Make the installer file executable :
chmod +x ColdFusion_9_WWE_linux.bin
Run the installer :
sudo ./ColdFusion_9_WWE_linux.bin
You will need to accept the agreements to continue .
I will install the trial ( you can put in a serial number at a later time ) .
Select 2 .
I will install the standard version with jrun .
Select 1 .
I will install all the default components .
If you do not need a subcomponent opt it out .
Select 5 . ( missed a screen shot here )
The standard install path is acceptable .
Just press enter .
Advertisement
This is a clean server so I do not have any prior versions of ColdFusion to deal with .
End the Filibuster ?
Pack the Court ?
The Left Is Pushing Biden
A party that is increasingly seeking to play by different rules is led by a figure who helped create the current ones .
The outcome of the fight will help define the Democratic Party going forward .
As the festival of mandatory gratitude looms into view , allow me to offer a few suggestions on what , exactly , you should be thankful for .
Be thankful that , on at least one occasion , your mother did not fend off your father with a pair of nunchucks , but instead allowed enough contact to facilitate your happy conception .
Be thankful that when you go to buy a pale , poultrylike entity , the grocery clerk will accept your credit card in good faith and even return it with a heroic garble of your last name .
Be grateful for the empathetic employee working the United Airlines ticket counter the day after Thanksgiving , who understands why you must leave town today , this very minute , lest someone pull out the family nunchucks .
Above all , be thankful for your brain ’s supply of oxytocin , the small , celebrated peptide hormone that , by the looks of it , helps lubricate our every prosocial exchange , the thousands of acts of kindness , kind - of kindness and not - as - nakedly - venal - as - I - could - have - been kindness that make human society possible .
Scientists have long known that the hormone plays essential physiological roles during birth and lactation , and animal studies have shown that oxytocin can influence behavior too , prompting voles to cuddle up with their mates , for example , or to clean and comfort their pups .
Now a raft of new research in humans suggests that oxytocin underlies the twin emotional pillars of civilized life , our capacity to feel empathy and trust .
Reporting this month in The Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , researchers found that genetic differences in people ’s responsiveness to the effects of oxytocin were linked to their ability to read faces , infer the emotions of others , feel distress at others ’ hardship and even to identify with characters in a novel or “ Doonesbury . ”
“ I came into this research as a big skeptic , ” said Sarina M. Rodrigues of Oregon State University , an author of the new report , “ but the results had me floored . ”
Spring 2011 Classes Personal Political Prolegomona
This course is basically an intensive in overviewing personal political interests and stateing personal political ideas in a cohesive fashion .
After spending a couple of mounths focusing on developing political ideas and language the course will culminate in writing a personal statement of the politics the student currently advocates .
The paper must cover all significant political issues such as , economics , decision making , food , education , governming , law , policing , and borders .
The paper should be around 20 pages and will be due before things get busy in May .
The Intellectual in Society
This course asks
What is the role of the intellectual in society ?
The student shall look at historical and current examples and theories .
They shall read s ources from identified intellectuals , non-intellectuals , and anti-intellectuals .
Questions shall be asked such as , what is an intelectual , how do they fit into politics , and what is the future of the intellectual in society .
This course is itself a research project which will culminate in a paper written near the end of the semester .
The paper will draw on matterial read through out the semester and address current issues around the intellectual and society .
The Graduate UnSchool of Howard Mission Statment The Graduate UnSchool of Howard is a non-institutional school dedicated to the intellectual betterment of Terese Howard .
GUH is run , organized , and attended by Terese Howard .
GUH works every semester toward a graduate degree in Teresehood .
A wide variety of classes are offered , all based on the interests of Terese .
At this point most of the classes are within the fields of philosophy and politics .
Classes are either research - based independent studies or courses audited from existing institutions .
Research - based classes follow syllabi laid out by Terese and can be assisted by the expertise of someone within the field as well as by dialogue groups with others interested in the topic .
The academic focus of the Graduate UnSchool of Howard also includes active engagement in other sectors of society .
The student is a student of the world .
The GUH student graduates prepared to continue being a student of the world .100 % of GUH graduates secure positions in the prestigious position of Teresehood .
GUH tuition is the lowest in the country , costing nothing but the price of books and possibly an expert for help .
The Graduate UnSchool of Howard is the perfect place to pursue the interests of Terese Howard .
Spring 2010 Classes
( Syllabus largely derived from Richard Billows
Course Description :
This course is a review of Greek and Roman political theory as it developed through events from the Homeric age of Greece to the Augustan principate at Rome .
One of the principle contributions of the ancient Greco - Roman civilization to the western tradition is the rich and varied legacy of political theory developed over many centuries .
It is the aim of this course to place ancient political theories in their historical contexts .
Much ancient political theory can only be recovered from a close analysis of actual practice , since a good deal of ancient writing on the subject is lost .
Even in the case where great works of political theory survive , however , the historical context must always be emphasized . …
It is a truism , no doubt , that political theory can only be fully grasped and understood within a historical context : this course will apply that truism , and also the reverse notion that theory influences practice and hence history .
History and Economics in three - parts ( done through Great Courses )
Course Description :
This three - part class will cover American political thought , US relations with the middle east and basic economics .
Each component will be studied through listening to Great Courses on these topics and by doing additional research on a chosen sub -topic .
Gardening and Plant Life
Course Description :
This course is a basic introduction to gardening and permaculture .
Gardening theory and practice will be studied through Gaia ’s Garden : a guide to home - scale permaculture , and through hands on experiments in gardening .
The focus will be on soil building and early crops .
Philosophical Problems in the Social Sciences
I will be auditing this class at University of Colorado Denver .
Hegel Reading Group
I will also be reading Phenomonology of Spirit with a Hegel reading group .
The Historical Development of Ancient Political Theory From Homer to Augustus ( Syllabus largely derived from Richard Billows http://www.columbia.edu/ccu/history/pdf/anc/w3006.doc
Course Description : This course is a review of Greek and Roman political theory as it developed through events from the Homeric age of Greece to the Augustan principate at Rome .
One of the principle contributions of the ancient Greco - Roman civilization to the western tradition is the rich and varied legacy of political theory developed over many centuries .
It is the aim of this course to place ancient political theories in their historical contexts .
Much ancient political theory can only be recovered from a close analysis of actual practice , since a good deal of ancient writing on the subject is lost .
Even in the case where great works of political theory survive , however , the historical context must always be emphasized . …
It is a truism , no doubt , that political theory can only be fully grasped and understood within a historical context : this course will apply that truism , and also the reverse notion that theory influences practice and hence history .
History and Economics in three - parts ( done through Great Courses ) Course Description : This three - part class will cover American political thought , US relations with the middle east and basic economics .
Each component will be studied through listening to Great Courses on these topics and by doing additional research on a chosen sub-topic .
Gardening and Plant LifeCourse Description : This course is a basic introduction to gardening and permaculture .
Gardening theory and practice will be studied through Gaia ’s Garden : a guide to home - scale permaculture , and through hands on experiments in gardening .
The focus will be on soil building and early crops .
Philosophical Problems in the Social SciencesI will be auditing this class at University of Colorado Denver .
Hegel Reading GroupI will also be reading Phenomonology of Spirit with a Hegel reading group .
Fall 2009 Classes Continental Political Theory
Course Description :
This class will study the political theories and musings of continental philosophers in the last century .
Primary works from philosophers such as Arendt , Foucault , Deleuze , Derrida , Habermas , Benjamin , and Zizek will be read and analyzed .
Issues such as the State , violence , authority , human rights , and more will be addressed through this course .
Anarchism
Course Description :
This course is intended to provide an overall understanding of the theories , practices , and history of Anarchism .
In this class issues of Anarchism such as its definition , its branches , historic states or instances of Anarchism ( primitive and modern ) , Anarchism in conflict to Marxism , Anarchist movements today , and critiques of Anarchism , will be addressed .
All of these topics will serve to provide a basic grasp of Anarchism from multiple perspectives .
History of the Global Now : Global Relations Leading to the Present Situation
Course Description :
This class will delve into events , organizations , laws , technology and the like that have been formative in shaping the present global situation .
Theories of globalization will be addressed in their historical manifestations .
Current events will be studied under the lens of the larger historical global situation .
This class will also focus on developing proficiency in the language , resources , and methodology of the field of political science .
Geography
Course Description :
This class will cover basic political and natural geography of the globe .
Most of the countries in the world will be memorized along with some of the important cities , as well as the climate , major landscapes , and other natural conditions of the regions .
[ The following is an exact transcript of this podcast . ]
The 2009 Nobel Prize in physiology or medicine goes to Harvard ’s Jack Szostak , Johns Hopkins ’s Carol Greider and Elizabeth Blackburn at U.C. San Francisco for their work on how chromosomes are protected by telomeres and the enzyme telomerase .
The Nobel laureates ’ research helped explain how an organism ’s DNA is successfully copied when cells divide .
Telomeres are genetic sequences that act like little protective caps at the end of chromosomes — think of the sealed tips of your shoelaces .
Telomerase is the enzyme that builds telomeres .
Blackburn and Szostak determined that it was a specific DNA sequence in the telomeres that kept chromosomes from fraying whenever they were copied when a cell splits in two .
Blackburn and Greider discovered telomerase .
The findings have implications for the understanding of aging and cancer .
Because if the enzyme keeps the telomeres robust , the chromosomes stay protected and the cell ’s aging is slowed .
And in cancer cells , which unfortunately do not seem to age , telomere length is maintained virtually indefinitely .
Szostak , Greider and Blackburn thus revealed one of life ’s basic mechanisms , and paved the way for new medical strategies .
— Steve Mirsky
For more Nobel Prize coverage , see Nobel Prize in Medicine shared by three U.S. genetic researchers
Carol Greider and Elizabeth Blackburn co-authored the article " Telomeres , Telomerase and Cancer " for the February , 1996 , issue of Scientific American magazine .
It ’s available in our digital archive at www.sciamdigital.com
Jack Szostak co-authored the article " The Origin of Life on Earth " in the September 2009 issue of Scientific American magazine , available on our website .
And to hear an archived interview with new Nobel Laureate Jack Szostak , go to the May 7 , 2008 , episode of Science Talk , available at www.scientificamerican.com/podcast
Some of his paintings use only human volunteers while on others he merges them with backdrops to give the display depth .
Some of his creations are so complex it 's difficult to work out where the bodies start and the background begins
Credit : CRAIG TRACEY / BARCROFT USA
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Red Bull Racing team principal Christian Horner believes that Formula 1 is in good health despite Toyota becoming the third manufacturer to quit the sport in the last 12 months .
Horner pointed to the fact that 13 teams are still planning to be on the grid for next year 's season - opening Bahrain Grand Prix , as Toyota 's withdrawal clears the way for the Qadbak Investments - owned Sauber team to compete provided the FIA hands it the slot , as proof that the sport is still strong .
" Whilst it is a great shame for Formula 1 , the show ultimately goes on and there will be more cars on the grid next year than we have seen in recent years , " Horner told AUTOSPORT .
" Manufacturers have tended to come and go over the years , and although it 's disappointing to lose one of the biggest automotive manufacturers in the world it provides an opportunity for the now independent Sauber team to find their place on the grid .
So out of a negative comes a positive . "
Horner is also confident that Toyota 's withdrawal will not significantly weaken the Formula One Teams '
Association , despite the major role that team president John Howett has played as vice chairman and the manufacturer 's influence as a major automotive manufacturer .
" Toyota have contributed hugely to FOTA , in particular John Howett who has worked tirelessly for FOTA .
They will be a loss , but collectively the FOTA teams will sit down and decide how we move forward and deal with the vacancies that this has created .
" FOTA is doing a lot of great work , it 's great to see the teams together working with the FIA and the commercial rights holder .
The objective is the same for all parties and it's important that we work together . "
Horner added that he did not believe that Howett 's successor as vice chairman necessarily needs to come from an independent team despite their now being only three manufacturers remaining in F1 .
" To me , it does n't matter whether it's from an independent team or a manufacturer as long as we get the right guy .
John did very well to combine that with his full - time job in a grand prix team and he will be missed , especially by Luca de Montezemolo .
" But things move on and there are a few faces that are missing in the room that were there at the beginning of the year .
F1 is entering a new era . "
Less than a year after the release of Theora 1.0 , the wonderful people at Xiph have released Theora 1.1 .
The 1.1 release is a software - only release of the Theora encoder and decoder .
It does not include any changes to the Theora format .
Existing Theora videos should continue to play with the new decoder and the new Theora encoder generates bitstreams that will work in existing players that can play Theora content .
The 1.1 release is largely an improvement to the Theora encoder .
This post will attempt to give people a high - level overview of the changes and what they mean to web developers and people who are thinking of deploying Theora to support HTML5 video .
Theora is an important technology to web developers – it ’s the only competitive codec that currently complies with the W3C patent policy .
Here ’s a quick list of important things that have changed in this release .
We ’ll go into more detail on each of these items .
Video quality between Theora 1.0 and Theora 1.1 has been improved .
Rate control for live streaming now works well .
A two - pass mode has been added to the encoder that can create rate controlled videos with very predictable bandwidth requirements .
CPU usage during encoding is much more consistent .
Decoder performance has been improved .
Video quality between Theora 1.0 and Theora 1.1 has been improved .
One issue that people had with the Theora 1.0 encoder was that it produced video that appeared fuzzy .
The 1.1 improvements are clear in these two images provided by Monty , one of the Xiph Developers .
Open each of these images in new tabs and flip between them .
You can really see the difference .
This was also very visible at the edges of text .
Here ’s an example taken from one of our Firefox 3.5 promotional videos .
The first is with the 1.0 encoder ( 9.0 MB ) and the second is with the 1.1 encoder ( 8.2MB ) .
You will notice that not only are the edges more defined but there ’s a lot less noise in the area around the edges of the text .
Once again , if you open them in tabs and flip between them you can see the difference .
Note that the original video is nearly 17MB .
That was done largely to get the text crisp .
With these changes we can likely use a much lower - bandwidth version of the video , probably as small as 9.9MB .
That ’s a pretty big difference .
Note that we ’re talking about an improvement of quality at the same video bitrate .
This means that we ’re either able to produce higher quality videos at the same file size or we ’re able to reduce the file size and keep the same quality – either way it ’s a big win .
Rate control for live streaming now works well .
Before describing this change , something important must be described .
This is the difference between videos encoded with a variable bitrate ( VBR ) and a constant bitrate ( CBR ) .
In variable bitrate encoding the amount of data that ’s required to represent the difference between two frames in a video is allowed to grow .
This happens most often when shifting from a scene where there is n’t much movement to a scene where there ’s a lot of motion .
You could easily go from requiring 40 Kb / sec to 400 Kb / sec because the entire background moves .
In constant bitrate encoding the amount of data that you ’re allowed to use to represent a change from one frame to the next is pinned at some maximum value .
If you ’ve got a low maximum value and there ’s a set of frames that requires a lot of bits to represent the changes from one to the next you will need to sacrifice something in order to stay inside of that maximum value .
Very often it ’s some amount of video quality or the encoder will start dropping frames in order to keep under the watermark .
This leads to a pretty simple rule :
If you want the highest quality video possible , you should be using variable rate encoding .
This means that when you ’re encoding a video you should be using quality settings ( 0 - 99 , low / medium / high , 1-10 ) instead of picking bitrates ( 60Kb/sec , 200Kb/sec . )
For most use cases on the web VBR - encoded videos actually work very well because users are allowed to buffer quite a bit of video out ahead of their current position so these bursts of data do n’t affect the user ’s experience .
But there are some use cases where having a constant bitrate is very important .
These include :
Live , low delay streaming over HTTP with a lot of clients .
Streaming large files where a large read - ahead buffer is not desired .
Situations where large bursts of data result in large bursts in CPU to handle them .
For live , low - delay streaming over HTTP it ’s important to realize what happens when there ’s a sudden burst of data to handle .
HTTP runs over TCP .
In TCP it takes a while for a connection to increase its bandwidth .
( And by “ a while ” I mean “ not that long ” but it ’s long enough to affect the low latency connection that we want for this use case .
This is why many low - latency applications do n’t use TCP .
But we ’re talking about delivering video over HTTP . )
If you ’ve got a big burst of data and the TCP window takes a long time to open up you start building up a big send buffer on the server .
( And remember in this use case you ’ve got a lot of clients connected ! )
That requires a lot of memory to hold the send buffers for each client .
What happens then is that servers will start closing connections en masse because it needs to save memory or because it thinks that the client has become somehow unreachable .
This is made worse by the fact that even if the connection scales up and then scales back down it re-settles at the low rate and the process has to be repeated .
The user ’s experience is that the video stream stops and restarts or just stops working altogether when the server hangs up .
The solution ?
Using a constant rate that does n’t require the TCP window to open up suddenly and does n’t require large send buffers for each client .
For the use case where you ’re streaming large files it might not be reasonable for the client to cache a lot of data .
You also might be serving up a lot of data to a lot of clients and you might want to avoid the large send buffer problem as well , just for different reasons .
And for the last use case where you ’re in a CPU - constrained environment the bursting nature of variable bitrate videos means it often takes a large bursts of CPU to handle those bursts .
While CPUs do burst up faster than TCP does , you might be talking to constrained processors ( think mobile ) or you might be serving up files near HD - sized content , which CPUs often struggle to decode .
In any case there are a number of use cases for constant bitrate encoding .
Back to the question of what ’s improved in Theora 1.1 .
In Theora 1.0 the rate controlled encoding mode was very very broken .
This resulted in two things :
People trying to do live streaming ran into problems .
People who used rate controlled settings to compare overall Theora quality to the quality of other encoders saw worse results than the format actually represented .
The first issue is clear – it was broken , it should be fixed .
And it has been .
The new encoder does a pretty good job of maintaining bitrates , changes quality on the fly , drops frames and even includes a “ soft - target ” mode so that bitrates can fluctuate a little bit to maintain quality while occasionally breaking the bandwidth rules .
The encoder also has a wonderful new piece of functionality that people will find very useful .
It ’s now possible to specify a maximum rate ceiling for video encoding while also specifying a minimum quality floor .
What this means is that the encoder will try and maintain very crisp video frames within rate constraints .
This means that it will aggressively drop frames instead of creating frame deltas that are fuzzy or low - quality .
While this might sound like a poor trade - off it ’s actually very useful .
If you ’re showing a live video of a presentation you usually want a crisp video of the slides and having a lower frame update rate is very acceptable .
The second issue that was caused by the bad rate control in Theora 1.0 is an issue of marketing .
People would often use the encoder with the fixed bitrate mode instead of the quality mode and dismiss the results as a reflection of the format instead of problems with the encoder .
We hope that people find better results with the new encoder .
A two - pass mode has been added to the encoder that can create rate controlled videos with very predictable bandwidth requirements .
In addition to fixing the single pass rate controlled encoder in 1.1 a two - pass encoding option has been added .
This means that if you are transcoding a file ( as opposed to doing a live stream ) you can create a very consistent bitrate in a file if you want .
This is because the encoder can look ahead in the stream to allocate bits efficiently .
Monty from Xiph made a graph that shows one example of the bitrate in a file with one pass and two pass .
Above : graph of quantizer choice ( which roughly corresponds to the encoding quality ) when using default two - pass bitrate management as opposed to one - pass ( with – soft - target ) when encoding [ the Matrix movie clip ] at 300 kbps .
Both encodes resulted in the same bitrate .
The quality of a one - pass encode varies considerably as the encoder has no way to plan ahead .
CPU usage during encoding is much more consistent .
People who were doing live streaming often saw huge spikes in CPU usage during high - motion events .
This has been fixed and now CPU usage is much more consistent during single pass rate constrained encoding making it much easier to live stream video .
Decoder performance has been improved .
And last but not least the decoder has been made faster during the 1.1 release .
How much faster depends quite a bit on the clip , but people are reporting that the new encoder is anywhere from 1.5 - 2 x faster than the 1.0 of release of libtheora .
Coming soon to a product near you .
This release is a library release .
It ’s not a product in itself , but is instead something that other products include .
So over the next days and weeks we ’ll see other products pick up and start using this as part of their releases .
Enjoy !
Rasputin has been tied in the immortality of history to the ill - fated Romanov family .
Some may even say that he was the cause of their destruction .
Whatever you may think about him : powerful mystic or drunken fruitcake , he wormed his way into the heart of the imperial family and he just did n't want to go .
The legends surrounding the death of Rasputin are perhaps even more mysterious and bizarre than his life .
The first attempt on Rasputin 's life failed ; on June 29 , 1914 , after either just receiving a telegram or exiting church , he was attacked suddenly by Khionia Guseva , a former prostitute .
The woman thrust a knife into Rasputin 's abdomen , and his entrails hung out of what seemed like a mortal wound .
Convinced of her success , Guseva supposedly screamed , " I have killed the antichrist ! " .
After intensive surgery , however , Rasputin recovered .
It was said of his survival that " the soul of this cursed muzhik was sewn on his body ” .
On December 16 , 1916 , having decided that Rasputin 's influence over the Tsaritsa had made him a far - too - dangerous threat to the empire , a group of nobles , led by Prince Felix Yusupov and the Grand Duke Dmitri Pavlovich and politician Vladimir Purishkevich , apparently lured Rasputin to the Yusupovs ' Moika Palace basement , where they served him cakes and red wine laced with a massive amount of cyanide .
According to legend , Rasputin was unaffected , although Maklakov had supplied enough poison to kill five men .
Determined to finish the job , Yusupov became anxious about the possibility that Rasputin might live until the morning , leaving the conspirators no time to conceal his body .
Yusupov ran upstairs to consult the others and then came back down to shoot Rasputin through the back with a revolver .
Rasputin fell , and the company left the palace for a while .
Yusupov went to check up on the body .
Suddenly , Rasputin opened his eyes and lunged at him .
When he grabbed Prince Yusupov he ominously whispered in Yusupov 's ear " you bad boy " and attempted to escape .
Yusopov and his co-conspirators chased Rasputin out into the yard , shooting him two more times and beating him with a rubber club .
To ensure he did n't rouse again , the men tied Rasputin in a blanket and dumped his body into the Neva River .
His body was found with his right arm outstretched , presumably to make the sign of the cross , indicating that he was still alive when he hit the water and managed to partially free himself .
An autopsy established that the cause of death was drowning .
His arms were found in an upright position , as if he had tried to claw his way out from under the ice ( the Neva Riva freezes between November 25 and December 5 , and the ice is gone only by mid-April ) .
It was found that he had indeed been poisoned , and that the poison alone should have been enough to kill him .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
The families of Shane Bauer , Josh Fattal , and Sarah Shourd , the three Americans detained in Iran after accidentally crossing the border while hiking in Kurdistan , are breaking their silence :
After more than two weeks of keeping a low profile , they ’ve launched a www.freethehikers.orgwebsite and are doing media interviews to push for consular access to their loved ones .
( Catch them on Good Morning America and NBC this morning between 7 and 8 am EDT — we ’ll post video later on , if available ) .
The Iranian government has confirmed that Bauer ( whose Mother Jones investigation on corruption in Iraq was just published ) , Shourd , and Fattal are being held in Tehran , but has refused to grant Swiss diplomats , who handle US affairs in Iran , the right to visit them .
The families ’ full statement is after the jump ; there ’s also a Facebook group supporting the hikers and a Twitter hashtag ( #ssj ) .
The families and friends of Shane Bauer , Sarah Shourd , and Josh Fattal , the three young American hikers detained in Iran on July 31 , today launched www.freethehikers.org, a web resource to inform the world about their detention .
The families also appealed to Iranian authorities to grant consular access to their children , who were detained when they accidentally strayed into Iran across an unmarked border during a five - day hiking trip in Iraqi Kurdistan .
“ We still know nothing about how our children are and where they are being held .
We respectfully urge the Iranian authorities to grant them their right to consular access so we at least can know they are safe and well , ” the families said in statement .
“ If our children had known the border was there , they would n’t have crossed it .
We continue to hope and believe that the Iranian authorities will realize that our children entered their country by accident and will return them to us . ”
Freethehikers.org provides up - to - date news about the hikers ’ detention , as well as background materials about the three Americans and their case .
The site links to a Facebook group formed for the hikers soon after they were detained .
Almost 1,400 friends , relatives and well - wishers have already joined the Facebook group .
Shane Bauer , Josh Fattal , and Sarah Shourd were detained while hiking in the mountains of Iraqi Kurdistan near the Ahmed Awa waterfall , a popular local tourist spot .
The three , all graduates of the University of California at Berkeley and experienced world travelers , were in a peaceful region of northern Iraq that is increasingly popular with Western tourists for its natural beauty , culture and history .
While the Iranian government has confirmed it is holding the three hikers , it has not charged them with a crime and has not allowed them to contact their families .
Swiss diplomats , who represent U.S. interests in Iran , have been seeking consular access .
BACKGROUND ON THE DETAINED HIKERS
Shane Bauer , 27 , has been living in Damascus , Syria with Sarah Shourd since late 2008 and is a student of Arabic , which he speaks fluently .
He is a freelance journalist whose writing and award - winning photographs have been published in the US , UK , Middle East , and Canada .
Shane , who has two younger sisters , grew up in Onamia , Minnesota and graduated from UC Berkeley with a degree in Peace and Conflict Studies in 2007 .
Shane has reported from Syria , Iraq , Darfur in Sudan , Yemen and Ethiopia but has never reported from Iran , nor expressed any interest in doing so .
He had hoped to offer photographs and story on the aftermath of recent elections in Kurdistan to the online news network New America Media , but was not on a formal news assignment .
Josh Fattal , 27 , is an environmentalist who worked for three years at the Aprovecho Research Center in Cottage Grove , Oregon , which teaches sustainable living skills .
From January to June 2009 , Josh was a Teaching Fellow with the International Honors Program ( IHP ) “ Health and Community ” study abroad program in Switzerland , India , China , and South Africa .
Josh and his elder brother grew up in Elkins Park , Pennsylvania .
He spent his junior college year on an IHP study abroad program in the UK , India , the Philippines , New Zealand , and Mexico and graduated from UC Berkeley in 2004 with a degree in Environmental Economics and Policy from the College of Natural Resources .
Josh was visiting Sarah and Shane in Damascus when they went on their trip .
Sarah Shourd , 31 , has been living with Shane in Damascus , where she teaches English and is learning Arabic .
She previously taught as part of the Iraqi Student Project , a program which gives Iraqi students living in Damascus the skills to continue their education in US schools .
She was on a break from her teaching responsibilities for a week , and she and Shane decided to take a hiking trip .
Sarah has written articles on travel and social issues reflecting her time in Syria , Ethiopia , Yemen and Mexico .
Sarah , who has an older brother and sister , was born in Chicago , Illinois , grew up in Los Angeles , California and recently moved to the San Francisco Bay Area .
Google does n't mind hiring a Microsoft Most Valued Professional ( MVP ) , but apparently the search giant does mind its new employee keeping the software giant 's title .
" It 's with some sadness that I have to announce that as of the start of October , I 'm no longer a Microsoft MVP , " British developer Jon Skeet wrote on his Microsoft MVP blog .
" As renewal time came round again , I asked my employer whether it was okay for me to renew , and was advised not to do so .
As a result , while I enjoyed being awarded as an MVP , I 've asked not to be considered for renewal this year . "
In October 2003 , Skeet was awarded Microsoft MVP status , and Microsoft renewed his MVP status every year for the next five years .
Those days are over .
While Microsoft says it has no problem with a Google employee keeping their MVP status , Google certainly does .
Skeet has been working for Google in the UK since April 2008 , which implies that his MVP status was renewed while he was at Google once before in October 2008 .
For whatever reason , this year is different .
It 's possible that Google has some sort of legal reason to advise Skeet not to take the MVP award , though we 're at a loss as to what that could be .
The Microsoft MVP status is awarded to individuals around the world who Redmond wants to recognize for sharing their high - quality , real - world technical expertise with the community and with Microsoft .
These individuals come from a wide range of backgrounds and are not necessarily IT admins : they can be teachers , artists , doctors , engineers , technologists , and so on .
Microsoft says it gives them the award for representing their community by giving the company feedback and for helping the company 's customers maximize the potential of their software .
They do n't actually work for the company , and they 're not paid , though they do receive services and benefits through the program .
According to Skeet 's MVP Profile , he considers himself to be primarily a C# and Java developer , and he even wrote a book devoted entirely to the Microsoft programming language : C# In Depth .
According to the Amazon page , Skeet has worked with C# since 2002 and " has spent a great amount of time in the C# community answering questions in newsgroups as well as writing articles on the most misunderstood aspects of C# and .
NET . "
Skeet notes that despite his loss of MVP status , he 's not going to give up on C# : " This does n't mean I 'm turning my back on that side of software development , of course .
I 'm still going to be an active member of the C# community .
I 'm still writing the second edition of C# in Depth .
I 'm still going to post on Stack Overflow .
I 'm still going to blog here about whatever interesting and wacky topics crop up . "
Hat tip to The Register for posting Skeet 's story first .
As frequent visitors to S&F already know , we love POV footage .
Whether it is the Provo Brothers slashing through the Utah backcountry or surfers getting shacked at Teahupoo , we just cannot get enough of the GoPros , VHoldrs , et al .
Then we have today ’s helmetcam video of a skier getting caught in an avalanche while hitting the Alaskan backcountry .
While we are incredibly stoked to see the footage , it is a very sobering experience to see someone caught in the wrong place at the wrong time .
You can read the full account of the story here .
As the winter season approaches and the thrills of backcountry skiing / snowboarding appear on the horizon , use this video as a cautionary tale to safely slay those distant powder stashes .
With the proper training , equipment ( check the Avalung ) and guides , the backcountry becomes a much safer place .
You can learn more about avalanche safety at the American Institute of Avalanche Research and Education .
Skier Buried In Avalanche POV Video
Amazon just recently added PlayStation Network games for purchase .
I do n’t notice any deals , if you notice any let us know .
A couple postivies I see are :
Easy way to give the gift of a PSN Game
No sales tax
Can use Amazon Gift Cards I assume
Do n’t need to use the PSN Wallet
When you buy it you get a code that you redeem on your PlayStation 3 .
Do you think you ’ll use Amazon to buy your PSN content ?
I wonder how quickly it ’s updated .
Still a great option though .
It is a sobering fact that in 2009 , there will be as many people filing for bankruptcy as those filing for a divorce .
We are on track to seeing an average of nearly 5,900 bankruptcy filings a day for 2009 .
While some people use the stock market as their barometer of economic recovery , there are a few other “ misery ” indicators that show things are still bad for millions of Americans and counter the recovery talks .
If you want to track a broader recovery , I would recommend people examine the five indicators of the misery index .
Food stamps , bankruptcies , long - term unemployed , foreclosures , and credit card defaults are probably your best gauges to the real economic recovery .
The problem we currently face is even after the global economy was brought to its knees by the current Wall Street banking structure , things still have n’t changed at the core of their mission .
The same banks are back taking inordinate amounts of risk with the now explicit backing of the U.S. Taxpayer .
It is no surprise then that our U.S. dollar has been pummeled by the policies of the Federal Reserve and U.S. Treasury .
Let us examine each component of the misery index .
Bankruptcies
Source : Credit Slips
It should n’t come as a surprise that bankruptcy filings are now approaching their pre-2005 levels .
Keep in mind that in 2005 , tough bankruptcy legislation came into effect thus spurring a massive wave of bankruptcies from people seeking to avoid the new tougher standards .
Even with these new standards in place , there is only so much blood that you can squeeze out of a turnip .
Some will be quick to point out that bankruptcy filings hurt big corporate giants mostly .
On the contrary , 98.5 % of all bankruptcy filings come from individuals at the end of their rope .
Most people do n’t file for bankruptcy with a smile on their face .
We will see a slowing or moderating pace for the fourth quarter since there is a bit of seasonality with filings .
But Q1 of 2010 should give us a better indicator of where things are heading .
But one thing is irrefutable , bankruptcy filings are going up .
In this category , the recovery is not taking place .
Food Stamps
Over 35,800,000 people are currently receiving food stamps in the U.S.
That is 11 percent of our entire population is receiving government assistance through the SNAP program ( i.e. , food stamps ) .
As the chart above can attest to , the number of people is still booming .
Obviously in any economic down turn , this rate will increase but this percentage is one of the highest on record .
It is also clear that the growth is currently exponential .
Here is the government expenditure per year on food stamps :
2006 : $ 30.6 billion
2007 : $ 30.3 billion
2008 : $ 34.6 billion
2009 : $ 40 billion ( still need August and September data – average out we are approaching $ 50 billion for 2009 )
Just think of how quickly this number is jumping .
The problem with the current system is that some people are still governed by the trickle down school of economics .
They believe that if Wall Street is up 60 percent ( thanks to government bailouts ) that somehow crumbs will trickle down to working and middle class Americans .
Clearly it is n’t happening right now .
The recovery is looking more like a minor depression to many .
Long - term unemployed
It is telling that the biggest category of our currently unemployed population is those classified as long - term unemployed .
These are people that have been out of work for 27 weeks or more .
Think of how grueling it is to be out of work for half a year in this economic climate .
The issue at the core of long - term unemployment is that it reflects potential permanent job losses .
That is , many of the 8,000,000 jobs lost since the recession started are never coming back .
For every one job opening you have six able bodied workers competing for it .
It is hard to see what industry is going to pick up the slack for these long - term unemployed .
Many are now coming to the end of their unemployment insurance and in many cases , in some states this can be as long as 90 + weeks .
The long - term unemployment trend tells us that we have yet to see any economic recovery as well .
Sure the stock market may be up but what use is that to the average American that pays most of their bills through a job ?
Foreclosures
At the root of most of this is the housing market .
Take a long and close look at the chart above .
Q3 of 2009 was the worst foreclosure quarter on record .
Clearly foreclosures are not a sign of economic recovery but here we are , two years into the crisis and foreclosures are still at record levels .
Much of this comes from the decade long housing bubble .
But keep in mind each additional foreclosure is another home on the market , another family looking for different shelter , and an economic loss to the system .
It is hard to see any of the government stop - gap measures fixing this in the short - term .
The loan modification programs have yet to yield any significant change .
It is also the case that the government has gotten more risky with tax credits and allowing lax lending standards with FHA insured loans in getting more people to buy .
In the short run this may offer the appearance of growth but over the long haul , this will only add to future defaults .
The foreclosure numbers show us a very different picture from the current recovery rhetoric .
Credit Card Defaults
For the first time in data tracking history , has total revolving credit contracted on a year over year basis .
At a time when the above data shows that more Americans need more support , the credit card companies are yanking lines of credit .
They are also charging higher fees on good standing customers to make up for their rising defaults for years of easy financing .
Here is some sobering data :
Credit card direct mail offers :
Q3 of 2006 : 2.1 billion
Q3 of 2009 : 391 million
Now you know why your daily mail is much lighter .
Credit card companies who are giant receivers of taxpayer bailout money are actually closing their doors on the same people who are bailing them out .
They are hiking up fees and closing down credit lines unless consumers give in to their onerous ways .
The bottom line is the misery index shows no solid economic recovery .
I suppose it depends on what we are looking at if we want to say we are in a recovery .
If we are looking at banking profits and Wall Street then yes , the recovery is here .
If we are looking at other data like bankruptcies , unemployment or foreclosures then the story is very different .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
Blind man fitted with ' bionic ' eye sees for first time in 30 years
A blind man who thought he would never be able to read again has had his vision partially restored after being fitted with a ' bionic ' eye .
Peter Lane , 51 , is one of the first people in the world to have electronic receivers implanted into his eye which send signals mounted in a pair of glasses to the brain .
The technology has allowed Mr Lane , from Manchester , to see the outline of objects , such as doorways and furniture , and to read letters through a series of dots of lights for the first time in almost 30 years .
Restored sight : Peter Lane , 51 , with his ' bionic ' eye device .
Electronic receivers implanted in his eye send signals mounted in a pair of glasses to his brain
Last night Mr Lane , who suffers from a degenerative genetic disease which caused his sight to fail when he was in his mid-20s , said : ' After not being able to see anything for so long it was an amazing feeling to see letters and words on a special screen .
I was there reading " dad , mat , cat " .
' I 'm just reading small words at the moment , but it 's a start .
The doctors have said they 'll get me a screen so I can read at home and I 'm hoping I 'll be able to read letters I get in the post by myself eventually .
' I get around inside my flat okay without the glasses because I know where everything is , but outside they give me more confidence and a bit more independence .
' The images I see move and that takes a bit of getting used to , but I can see cars - they look like cotton wool .
It 's exciting to be part of the trial . '
Mr Lane is one of just 32 people taking part in a worldwide trial of the technology which aims to help those with retinitis pigmentosa , a group of genetic eye diseases affecting the retina which cause progressive loss of vision over decades .
Around 25,000 people are affected by the conditions in Britain alone .
It works by fitting a camera in a pair of glasses , which then captures the image and sends the information to a video processor worn by the patient on a belt .
Breakthrough : Mr Lane is taking part in a trial of technology designed to help people with the condition retinitis pigmentosa
The processor converts the image into an electronic signal which is then sent to a transmitter , also fitted to the glasses .
The transmitter , in turn , sends a wireless signal to a wafer - thin electronic receiver and electrode panel implanted on the patient 's retina .
The electrodes stimulate the remaining retinal nerves , sending electrical pulses along the optic nerve to the brain .
Patterns of light and dark spots are then ' seen ' by the patient , who also wears a battery pack on their belt to power the entire device .
The implant was developed by American company Second Sight and is being pioneered by just 11 doctors worldwide .
Mr Lane , a father - of - two grown up children , was one of three patients to undergo a four - hour operation to implant the receiver into his eye at Manchester Royal Eye Hospital earlier this year .
He had to wait a further two months for his eye to heal before trying out the device .
His sight began to return earlier this month .
Doctors have been thrilled by the progress of all three patients .
One of them was able to see fireworks on November 5 for the first time in 40 years , while the other , like Mr Lane , was able to recognise some letters .
The hospital is now arranging for Mr Lane , who had been completely blind , to have a special projector and screen installed at home which will enlarge letters and allow him to read his own mail for the first time in years .
Mr Lane 's brother , John Lane , added : ' What the doctors have done does n't sound possible , but I think it 's great .
' It 's good we have world experts here in Manchester who are trying to improve things for people like Peter . '
Researchers at the eye hospital said patients ' experiences had been ' very moving ' .
Consultant ophthalmologist Paulo Stangaat said : ' The patients are progressing much faster than we at first thought .
' A lot of work still needs to be carried out , but this is certainly very encouraging for both the patient and the scientific community . '
BOSTON — Our dog was truly an internationalist , a canine diplomat of sorts who had lived all over the world .
Before she passed away , Maggie had an extraordinary life of nearly 14 years that took her to many corners of the globe .
She was born on Cape Cod and came of age in Boston .
But she lived in Jerusalem and walked the ancient , cobbled streets of the Old City where she begged on both sides of the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
She swam in the Sea of Galilee and climbed the Mount of Olives and crossed the Allenby Bridge at the Jordan River .
She lived for a while on the rugged coast of Brittany in France and eventually crossed over by ferry , past the White Cliffs of Dover to arrive in London where she spent many long afternoons in a great , old pub .
But her travels ended back in the place she loved best of all .
That was Martha ’s Vineyard and that was where we scattered her ashes last month in Edgartown Great Pond where she loved to swim and chase sticks .
Maggie came into our lives as a present to my wife Julie for our first wedding anniversary and she was weaned in the shadows of the Bunker Hill Monument in Charlestown .
When Maggie was two and our oldest son , Will , was three months old , we had to pack up the whole family and move to Jerusalem , as I was assigned there to be the Middle East bureau chief for The Boston Globe .
Right away , Maggie began her work in the Holy Land .
She begged along the Israeli - Palestinian divide and was well known in the narrow warrens of Jerusalem where she ’d pick up scraps from the Palestinian shwarma shops and then make her way across the street to the Israeli falafel vendors .
In a culture where dogs are feared and often loathed , Maggie had made good friends on both sides of the conflict .
And all along the way , she ate everything she could find and did whatever she could for two sides that despite her best efforts could not find peace .
By the end of our stay , she would shiver in fear at the sound of bombings and tank fire when the second intifada erupted in the fall of 2000 .
When I was reassigned to London in September 2001 , Maggie passed some time on the coast of Brittany in France because we wanted to avoid the officiousness of the British laws for quarantining pets .
She stayed with a retired French general , an in - law , who offered to take her for 90 days so she could get her European Union citizenship and skip the 60 days in a British government pound .
There , she quaffed buttery French croissants and learned to love the frigid waters off Brittany and walking along the beaches where there are still remnants of the German bunkers and trenches from World War II .
Like any good Irish - American dog , when she arrived in England she did so on her own terms .
After obtaining her EU citizenship , Julie picked her up and brought her over on the boat from Brittany to the port at Dover , England .
When she arrived at our home in London , it did n’t take long for her to beat a path to a cafe nestled in the Hampstead Heath where she dined on left over bangers and mash and thick rolls of brown bread .
She would walk with me to work and wait for scraps of shepherd ’s pie from The Holly Bush , one of the great old pubs of Hampstead which was right next to my office and where she became a fixture curled up next to the fireplace on cold , rainy days .
Over the years , she traveled in and out of many ports of call and across international borders with her own small blue , pet passport in which were recorded her many journeys and the attendant inoculations and paper work required for her passage .
At every turn , she was at our side as we had four boys born : first Will in Boston , then Riley in Jerusalem , Gabriel in Bethlehem and Jack in London .
The boys loved her and never knew life without her tail thumping the floor in the early morning and her steady breathing putting us all to sleep at night .
As we lived and traveled all over the world for almost a decade and then returned to Boston , those sounds were how we measured life .
My wife showered her with affection and treated her as if she was our only girl , which of course she was .
The constant plane travel and the plastic air crates in cargo class grew more and more difficult for Maggie as she got older .
After so many years of parachuting in and out for stories all over the Middle East , I knew how she felt .
We ’d both begun to lose our traveling legs a bit .
In the last few years , she was happy to have retired with us to a small New England town 40 miles northwest of Boston , where she had a pond to swim in and lots of grass to roll around in .
But sometimes she ’d sit on our porch and look out on the horizon and I ’d wonder if she , like me , did n’t long to get back to traveling .
In the end , Maggie had one last lesson for us .
We thought for sure she was gone when we took her to the vet at the end of the summer .
She was struggling all of July and into August with her breathing due to laryngeal paralysis , a degenerative condition that restricts the air passage and is quite common in Labs .
That ’s what gave her her signature heavy breathing .
Her condition worsened dramatically while we were on a lakeside vacation in Maine .
A local vet said there was n’t much we could do to prevent her from dying , but as a last resort he gave her steroids that reduced some of the swelling of her larynx and she rallied for a few more good days .
For a few more precious days , Maggie was swimming and doing what our boys called “ the happy dance , ” which was rolling on her back in the grass with her paws in the air and a wide smile .
We fed her lamb and hugged her and told her we loved her .
We cherished every minute with her and quietly wondered why we did n’t treat every day with her like that , and every day with each other like that .
For sure , that was what she was telling us in her own quiet way .
And sometimes it takes an old dog to remind you of the simplest truths .
Then after a few days , her breathing got very heavy again .
She was lethargic and clearly unable to get air .
Her tongue was turning blue .
She was rushed to the emergency room at an animal hospital and the vet quietly told us what we already knew , that Maggie was not going to live .
But like everyone who has been through the extraordinary ordeal of euthanizing a pet , we denied the obvious until we could n’t any longer .
When the vet finally put her down on that August morning , Maggie heaved her last breath and set out on the final journey .
Her ashes came just a few weeks ago in a white canister with little paw prints on it .
And we brought the can to Martha ’s Vineyard and we each took a hand full of the white ash and scattered it in the autumn breeze over Edgartown Great Pond and shared our favorite memories of a great dog with a big heart who made us all very happy for a very long time .
How do you reason with a guy that sets himself on fire ?
Each character comes with a preset look , but you can define the clothing colors .
Flynt 's not happy to see you .
Finding and fixing robots out in the wastes gets you more inventory slots .
Mashing together different game genres is risky business .
For every game that manages to do it correctly , three or four more seem to miss out on key pieces of the different genres they 're attempting to combine .
The end result has been a lot of games that feature really unsatisfying first - person shooting because they 're trying to focus on too many different genres at once .
With that in mind , perhaps the most exciting thing about Gearbox 's new FPS - meets - RPG , Borderlands , is that the action is actually quite fun on its own , offering loads of different guns to try out and a lot of different ways to eliminate anything and everything that stands in your way .
Borderlands is a loot - driven first - person shooter with a lot of different role - playing game hooks throughout .
The game is structured a bit like an MMO , with the world broken out into different zones and a very handy quest log that feels like it fell out of World of Warcraft .
There are plenty of critical story - related missions to complete , but there are also a lot of side - quests that send you across every zone , usually to kill or collect something .
It 's easy to see the influence of games like Diablo on Borderlands , as well , because the game is constantly dropping procedurally generated items for you to collect .
This is how the game 's box is able to claim that it has " bazillions " of guns .
Of course , " bazillions " is a pretty high ( and pretty made - up ) number , and you 'll probably never see the exact same gun twice .
But much of the variety in the guns come from slight statistical tweaks to how much damage they do , their rate of fire , their reload speed , whether or not they have a scope , and so on .
But the weapons still break down into a handful of traditional classes , like combat rifle , sub - machine gun , sniper rifle rocket launcher , pistol , revolver , and so on .
And as you start finding better weapons and becoming proficient with them , it quickly feels like 95 percent of the guns you 're finding are nothing more than vendor trash that only exists to be sold off for more money .
Still , it 's cool to see how the different fire rates for different weapons makes them feel .
Finding a rocket launcher that automatically launches its full magazine of three rockets and quickly reloads , for example , is a real thrill , especially considering how sluggish most of the other launchers are .
The thrill of never knowing when you 're going to find a useful or rare weapon is very substantial , and it's more than enough to keep you coming back to wade through the endless avalanche of common junk .
The way that Borderlands ' guns are varied also applies to the rest of the game 's equipment .
Though you do n't equip actual armor , characters can be outfitted with a Halo - like recharging shield .
Each shield comes with a different number of shield points and a different recharge rate .
Many of them also have bonus effects , rendering you more resistant to specific types of elemental damage or even recharging your health as well as your shield power .
If there 's one thing I 've learned over the 50 + hours I spent with Borderlands , it 's that shields that restore your health are the only worthwhile shields in the entire game .
Grenades can also be altered via items that modify their damage and their effect .
So you can equip MIRV grenades that split apart when they land , damaging a wider radius .
Or you can equip transfusion grenades , which steal health from enemies and give it back to you .
Not to tell you how to play the game or anything , but I recommend you stick with transfusion grenades whenever possible .
The other big deciding factor in how you 'll play Borderlands comes from the four character classes you 'll choose from at the beginning of the game .
Though there are n't any meaningful item restrictions that will prevent you from playing any class however you please , each class has its own skill tree that will build your character in a variety of different ways .
You get one skill point per level once you hit level five , and stop getting them when you hit the level cap at level 50 .
The soldier class has skills that can make him something of a medic , such as cauterize , which lets you heal other players by shooting them .
He also has skills that help him further specialize in the use of combat rifles and shotguns , but specializing in specific weapons does n't seem like a great idea , since you never know what the next amazing gun you 're going to find will be .
I spent most of my time with a soldier and probably used a sub- machine gun for most of the game .
The other three classes feel like they want you to specialize your play style in a much more dramatic way than the soldier through a mix of weapon specialization skills and class - specific action skills .
The Hunter has a bird that can be called out to attack enemies .
Plenty of skill points can be spent making the bird more effective , and plenty more can be spent specializing in sniper rifles , which are only really useful in specific situations because most of the game 's enemies are all about closing the gap and getting right up in your face .
That does n't leave a lot of room to snipe .
The siren has a " phasewalk " action skill that lets you avoid damage for a brief period of time .
You also explode into and out of the phased state , which damages nearby enemies .
Most of the siren's other abilities deal with either causing or preventing elemental damage , which comes in four forms : fire ( good for burning flesh ) , shock ( good for depleting shields ) , corrosive ( good for armored targets ) , and explosive ( good for ... exploding ) .
The berserker class has skills that help him specialize in rocket launchers , which , like sniper rifles , are n't so hot in close quarters situations .
His action skill is a berserk state that makes him a two - fisted brawler , which is a lot of fun to use , especially once you 've spent some skill points to trick it out .
But what about the world that all of these guns and skills have been crammed into ?
Well , Borderlands takes place on an alien planet called Pandora .
It 's overrun with convicts and psychos , but there 's also word that it 's the resting place of a secret alien vault , rumored to be filled with all sorts of technology .
So the player characters are vault hunters , new to the planet , but hoping to get rich quick .
At the beginning of the game you start receiving video messages from some kind of guardian angel .
She guides you here and there as you play , but you 're really guided by the game 's on - screen compass , which tells you where to go next to work on your currently selected quest .
Though there are some interesting characters and some well - written dialogue in Borderlands , the story is paper - thin .
Some will say that it 's nice that the story does n't get in the way of the action , but it 's hard not to feel like you 've accidentally skipped some cutscenes or something by the end of the game .
Once you do complete the story , you 're dumped back into the world , letting you finish up any remaining quests you may have .
Completing the game also unlocks " playthrough 2 , " a sort of New Game Plus option that lets you take your existing character and start over in a world where the first enemies you encounter are around level 34 or so .
It 's certainly more difficult the second time around , but if you take the time to do more than just the critical story missions and complete a good chunk of side - quests , you 'll be a few levels ahead of the opposition most of the time , giving you a distinct advantage .
There is no playthrough 3 , and there does n't seem to be any way to replay quests that you 've completed , either .
This seems like it'd eventually lead to a situation where your character is unsuitable as a host for a multiplayer game , since the host determines which quests are active .
The enemies in Borderlands break down into around eight different types , including the wild , dog - like skags , sizable enemy crabs , humanoid bandits , spiderants , flying creatures , and so on .
A lot of the enemy AI is very predictable , and just about anything that is n't a human will usually just rush in your direction and start doing as much damage as possible .
Human enemies will occasionally take cover , but they still are n't very bright .
That also applies to boss battles , as well .
The game 's two largest , coolest - looking boss fights can be summed up by the following strategy : " stand still and aim for the thing that looks like a lady 's naughty bits . "
On my first playthrough , I beat the final boss without even moving .
It 's a shame that the enemy AI is n't more wily , but in most cases , they make up for their lack of smarts by outnumbering you by a wide margin .
So you might want to bring some friends .
You can certainly play alone and solo your way through the entire game , but it 's a lot more interesting if you engage in cooperative play .
Borderlands lets up to four players band together , and the game 's difficulty slides up as you add players , making everything a bit more exciting .
A lot of the game feels like it was built for co-op play , from the two - man vehicles that let one guy sit on a turret to a dueling system that lets you fight one - on - one against another player to a full - on arena that lets all four players engage in round - based battles against one another .
Players can revive their friends , too , which is added on top of a neat " second wind " feature that brings a downed player back to life if he can shoot and kill an enemy while he 's bleeding out .
The game also claims that you 'll find more and better loot when you play with others .
The downside of the game 's online play is that it feels like it 's missing a few key features .
There 's no trade interface at all , so players who want to exchange items are forced to drop them on the ground , a " system " that is easily exploited by unscrupulous players .
Also , there 's nothing stopping any one player from running around and grabbing every item that drops .
Lastly , there does n't seem to be a way to drop money , so there 's no way to buy items from other players .
The lack of MMO - like looting rules or a proper trade interface means that playing with strangers can get a little risky , as you never know when someone 's going to dust off their old , Phantasy Star Online - era tricks , screw you over , and quit the server .
The only thing that mitigates this a bit is that there 's so much loot dropping all the time that it's hard to care too much about any one item ... chances are , if you keep playing , you 'll find something even better within an hour or two .
Speaking of hours , I completed a first run of Borderlands in around 18 hours , completing almost every quest I could find .
Getting one character up to level 50 took around 35 hours .
Though there are a few too many spots in the game where the frame rate noticeably drops , Borderlands is a great - looking game .
It 's the art style that makes it stand out , with a lot of awesome texture work that makes the entire game look like it was drawn by hand .
It makes the environments , most of which have the look of a post - apocalyptic wasteland , really catch your eye .
Effects , such as the way enemies burn up when they die from a fire attack , are also really great to see ... and hear .
The game 's got some terrific screams to go along with watching a man burn alive .
screams .
The structure of Borderlands makes it feel like an MMO game that does n't require you to rely on groups of other players to enjoy .
Though it 's probably better when you 're playing online with friends , playing alone is still perfectly fine .
It 's also one of those games that 's so strong in parts that its shortcomings become almost glaring by comparison .
As such , the game 's barebones story , lackluster AI , and insufficient player trading options are real disappointments that prevent the game from reaching its full potential .
But when you 're frantically trying to stay alive while getting swarmed by an angry horde of gigantic spiderants , chances are you wo n't care much about that other stuff .
Borderlands strongly succeeds where plenty of other Diablo - inspired games have failed miserably .
Since the news broke about the column at NewsMax suggesting we needed a coup against Obama , there ’s been silence from the traditional media types .
Literal silence .
I just googled “ Newsmax ” and “ coup ” and did not find one article in the traditional media .
Not one .
The progressive media understands the import of this egregious action .
Frankly , it just seemed like a matter of time before some right - winger started spouting this kind of sick talk ( the post has been taken down , but we excerpted it here ) :
Imagine a bloodless coup to restore and defend the Constitution through an interim administration that would do the serious business of governing and defending the nation .
Skilled , military - trained , nation - builders would replace accountability - challenged , radical - left commissars .
Having bonded with his twin teleprompters , the president would be detailed for ceremonial speech - making .
Military intervention is what Obama ’s exponentially accelerating agenda for “ fundamental change ” toward a Marxist state is inviting upon America .
A coup is not an ideal option , but Obama ’s radical ideal is not acceptable or reversible .
This is just an outrage .
Clearly , the author felt like he was writing in a place where that message would resonate .
But , there ’s more to this story .
Last night , John ’s post on the dangerous article was titled , Top GOP news portal discusses military “ coup ” against Obama .
He was right .
In fact , the Republican National Committee sponsors NewsMax .
NewsMax sends out emails quite frequently on behalf of the RNC .
I was forwarded a NewsMax email sent for the RNC .
The person who provided it told me he ’s gotten nine of these emails from NewsMax recently .
It starts :
There ’s much more after the break .
The RNC and NewsMax are very close .
Then , there was a lengthy message from RNC Chair Michael Steele , which concluded :
You and the RNC are all that stand between our sensible Republican plan for real health care reform and the Democrats ’ scheme to take more of your hard - earned income to pay for other people ’s health care while limiting yours .
So please complete your Future of American Health Care survey online right now and support our efforts to ensure our health care freedoms by making a special RNC contribution if you can .
Thank you .
Sincerely , Michael Steele
Chairman , Republican National Committee P.S. GOP leaders in Congress are counting on the input of grassroots Republicans like you to help in the fight for sensible , responsive health care reform .
Please fill out your Future of American Health Care survey online right now and make a special contribution of $ 1,000 , $ 500 , $ 100 , $ 50 or $ 25 to help us stop “ Obamacare ” before it ’s too late .
Thank you .
So , let ’s review : The RNC sponsors NewsMax .
NewsMax ran a disgusting column about a coup against Obama .
Where ’s the RNC apology ?
Is the RNC ending its relationship with NewsMax ?
Where ’s the outrage in the traditional media ?
Where are the talking heads ?
Silence .
That silence enables this craziness .
The RNC and FOX News create scandals out of nothing .
They take tangential relationships and twist them .
This is n’t tangential .
There is a strong relationship between the RNC and NewsMax .
Here ’s how the disclaimers on the email look :
NewsMax and the Republican National Committee speak with one voice .
Believe me , none of the progressive media outlets on our side have that kind of relationship with the DNC .
KENNESAW , Ga. , Oct. 7 ( UPI ) --
A new student at a Kennesaw , Ga. , school says he withdrew after three days because school officials told him he could not wear feminine clothes .
Jonathan Escobar said his outfits -- including skinny jeans , wigs , vintage clothing and makeup -- express who he is , The Atlanta Journal - Constitution reported Wednesday .
Advertisement
" I do n't consider myself a cross - dresser , " he said .
" This is just who I am . "
He said the assistant principal at North Cobb High School gave him the choice of dressing in a more manly fashion or being home schooled .
The official said Escobar 's choice of dress caused a fight .
The school has a dress code and leaves up to administrators the final decision about whether clothes are disruptive .
Escobar , 16 , moved to Cobb County from Miami to live with an older sister .
His high school in Florida did n't have a problem with the way he dressed , but his parents did .
His sister , Veronica Escobar , said she urged her parents to let Jonathan live with her .
She said she is shocked by the school 's reaction .
BEIJING -- China 's top banking regulator issued a sharp critique of U.S. financial management only hours before President Barack Obama commenced his first visit to the Asian giant , highlighting economic and trade tensions that threaten to overshadow the trip .
Liu Mingkang , chairman of the China Banking Regulatory Commission , said that a weak U.S. dollar and low U.S. interest rates had led to " massive speculation " that was inflating asset bubbles around the world .
It has created " unavoidable risks for the recovery of the global economy , especially emerging economies , " Mr. Liu said .
The situation is " seriously impacting global asset prices and encouraging speculation in stock and property markets . "
Early Monday , a spokesman for China 's Ministry of Commerce added further criticism of the Obama administration , targeting recent measures by Washington against Chinese exports .
" We 've always known the U.S. and the West as free market economies .
But now we 're seeing a protectionist side , " the spokesman , Yao Jian , told a monthly press briefing .
Mr. Yao also rejected criticism of China 's currency policy , saying the yuan 's exchange rate has little to do with trade imbalances with the U.S. and that China should keep the exchange rate stable .
The Chinese comments signaled that Mr. Obama -- on the third leg of a four - country Asian tour -- can expect blunt talk from Chinese leaders on the economy .
The issue could complicate his broad agenda in China that also includes efforts to extract new commitments on climate change and to encourage them to take a more active role to defuse nuclear threats in Iran and North Korea .
Before heading to China , Mr. Obama underscored the urgency of his agenda on Iran by joining Russian President Dmitry Medvedev in warning Tehran that " we are now running out of time . "
Thirty - three TARP recipients missed a scheduled dividend payment to taxpayers last month , according to the Treasury Department , including 18 banks that missed a payment for the first time .
It ’s a powerful indication that the U.S. banking system remains troubled .
And it throws cold water on talk that taxpayers are “ making money ” on the bailout .
( Click to enlarge in new window )
“ It ’s too early to tell if we ’re making money on TARP , ” according to Eric Fitzwater , an associate director at SNL Financial in Virginia .
“ Certainly the vast majority of the bailout money is still outstanding .
While a lot of larger recipients say they plan to pay it back , we ’re still waiting . ”
The 33 banks that missed dividend payments in August have received $ 4.5 billion of TARP money .
The biggest is CIT .
Previously it paid $ 44 million of dividends , but with a bankruptcy filing looking likely , Treasury ’s $ 2.3 billion investment seems headed toward zero .
A few of the banks may ultimately be able to pay what they owe , according to Fitzwater .
These newer banks — “ de novo ” in regulator parlance — actually are not allowed to pay dividends .
Still , the bigger issue is the ultimate cost of the bank bailout , which we may not know for years .
When stronger banks including Goldman Sachs , Morgan Stanley and American Express repurchased warrants at modest premiums after paying back TARP , most news reports suggested that taxpayers were profiting from the bailout .
But those reports did n’t tell the whole story .
For one , they ignored adverse selection , the propensity for the best borrowers to exit the program first , leaving Treasury holding the poorest performing investments .
According to the latest data from Treasury , 42 banks have paid back some or all of the cash they got from TARP ’s Capital Purchase Program , $ 70.7 billion in total .
But more than 600 banks remain in the CPP program .
Together , they still owe $ 134 billion .
And this excludes other TARP bailout programs that are likely to cost billions .
The automotive industry owes TARP $ 80 billion .
And AIG owes TARP $ 69.8 billion .
Much of that is n’t coming back .
It ’s also myopic to view TARP in isolation .
Take Citigroup .
After converting its preferred equity investment to 7.7 billion common shares at $ 3.25 , Treasury is showing a paper profit of $ 11 billion .
Sounds great , right ?
But Citigroup ’s common equity would long ago have fallen to zero if other bailouts , in particular FDIC ’s debt guarantee program , were n’t insulating shareholders from losses .
Citigroup is the only large bank still using the FDIC ’s program .
Two weeks ago , the bank sold another $ 5 billion worth of guaranteed debt , bringing its total issued under the program to $ 49.6 billion .
The bottom line is that the government still stands behind the banking sector .
While the cost of this “ no more Lehmans ” policy may not be known for years , our experience with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac tells us that such implicit guarantees ultimately prove very expensive .
The fact that more banks are falling behind on dividend payments reminds us the tab is growing .
Schedule
Check our schedule to find your favourite shows !
After author David Foster Wallace committed suicide last September , his longtime agent , Bonnie Nadell , found herself lost in a maze of words .
Scattered on two different computers and in hard copies stashed around the cluttered garage where Mr. Foster Wallace had worked in Claremont , Calif. , she discovered multiple versions of his final , unfinished novel .
She had no idea which draft he preferred .
Mr. Wallace 's novel about I.R.S. agents , due out next fall , is being assembled based on the author 's notes .
" A great deal of it is a puzzle , " she said of the novel , titled " Pale King . "
A ...
It may surprise some to discover that vodka is the most recent arrival to the global drinking scene .
It has enjoyed a giddy rise to being the world ’s top - selling spirit in only 60 years , leaving in its wake such stalwarts as gin , rum , whiskey , brandy and even tequila .
And what ’s remarkable is that this spirit , which is ordered with such consistency , is an inherently characterless entity ...
Or so it may seem .
Vodka can be a cunning and stealthy vixen when it comes to flavour , but taken in the right circumstances , the right vodkas can reveal subtle , delicate and tasty nuances .
It ’s the way in which we consume it that ’s responsible for the common acceptance that vodka does n’t taste like much .
Vodka is an ancient beast , enjoying its first written recognition in a 1405 Polish paper .
Its ancestor was a rough and ready offering , poorly made and often compounded with sweeteners and spices .
It typically had practical medical applications and was seldom consumed recreationally .
When it made its way from Russia to the USA via Paris in the late 1930s , vodka resembled what we know and love today , and soon became a global star .
Nowadays , we ’re smothered with glossy advertising campaigns , mega marketing budgets and brand placement .
Super - premium offerings arrive in elaborate packaging boasting fancy water sources , filtration techniques and price tags ; one Italian fashion label even has its own brand filtered through diamonds – which is cute but rather neglects the fact that the cheaper materials do a far superior job !
What seems to be readily overlooked in the glitzy world of vodka marketing is the difference made by the country of production , the materials used , and the fierce pride with which they ply their trade .
The variation in flavour can be remarkable !
The Poles are famous for making vodka from rye and potatoes ( potato vodka accounts for about 5 – 7 % of consumption worldwide , contrary to the belief that vodka ’s generally made from spuds ) , and the Russians are die - hard wheat vodka producers , as are the Nordic countries .
But vodka can be made from anything with a natural sugar or starch content .
One massive brand from America uses corn , and of course the French are responsible for the very tasty grape vodka , Ciroc .
As a drinking community here in Australia , we wo n’t pick up on flavour signatures if we continue to smother vodka in soft drinks or juice !
All western nations consume inordinate amounts of vodka .
For those who just want to get loaded with no consideration of the journey – carry on as you were !
For those who actually enjoy vodka ’s flavour , we need to develop a better understanding of how to bring out the character of the spirit .
The Russians take their vodka neat and chilled , which is a delicious , sweet and viscous experience – albeit a little intense if you ’re not in the mood for drinking neat spirit .
What is unmistakable though , and lost when vodka is diluted too heavily , is texture .
Enjoying a vodka ’s buttery or oily texture slowly caressing your palate is one of life ’s secret joys .
Decent bars will be harbouring at least one bottle of chilled vodka for this very reason – try Mink , in St Kilda or Borsch , Vodka and Tears on Chapel Street .
Electrical engineers recently pitted Genius -- the music recommendation system in Apple 's iTunes -- against two experimental music recommender systems .
Genius appears to capture acoustic similarities among songs within the same playlist , the researchers found .
The University of California , San Diego electrical engineers also discovered that the music recommender they built from scratch can generate song playlists that human subjects thought were as good as those that Genius generates .
The UC San Diego system works for songs that Genius knows nothing about .
Credit : UC San Diego Jacobs School of Engineering
Electrical engineers recently pitted Genius - the music recommendation system in Apple 's iTunes - against two experimental music recommender systems .
Genius appears to capture acoustic similarities among songs within the same playlist , the researchers found .
The University of California , San Diego electrical engineers also discovered that the music recommender they built from scratch can generate song playlists that human subjects thought were as good as those that Genius generates .
The UC San Diego system works for songs that Genius knows nothing about .
UC San Diego electrical engineering Ph.D. student Luke Barrington presented these findings on October 28 at the 2009 International Society for Music Information Retrieval Conference ( ISMIR 2009 ) in Kobe , Japan .
" Our goal is to make a music recommendation tool that is as good as or better than Genius , but that does not require massive amounts of user data .
The system we are developing can analyze and recommend completely unknown songs by new bands as accurately as it analyzes the most popular hits , " said Barrington , who used the same underlying technology to create a series of music discovery games for Facebook and a new kind of music search engine that will be available for beta testing next week ( http://herdit.org/music/index.html).
Electrical engineers at UC San Diego have created a new kind of music search engine that actually listens to music .
This approach could help bands like Juna and S03 ( both from UC San Diego ) to find new fans .
Credit : UC San Diego Jacobs School of Engineering / Daniel Kane
Tools for creating automated music playlists are increasingly useful now that huge numbers of songs are available for download and streaming to anyone with an Internet connection .
iTunes - the most popular music retailer on the planet - has sold more than 6 billion tracks .
Genius uses " collaborative filtering " on these purchase statistics to help people organize their music and discover new songs they might like based on similarity to a " seed " song that they do like .
By averaging statistics about how millions of listeners purchase and play music , Genius appears to actually capture acoustic similarities between songs , according to the new research , which involved human evaluation of music recommendation systems and was led by researchers at the UC San Diego Jacobs School of Engineering .
Because Genius is a proprietary system whose secrets are not available to the public , the researchers studied it by testing its song recommendations against comparable song suggestions from experimental music recommender systems that they fully understood .
" At first we thought that collaborative filtering would just spot similar artists : if you like Daft Punk , it might recommend any song by Justice .
However , we found that acoustic similarities come through in Genius playlists .
Genius seems to find correspondences between songs that go beyond what you get by just matching artists .
We do n't think Genius actually knows anything about the acoustics of songs , but it still produces great recommendations since the data it is using is built upon acoustic analyses of the music done by millions humans , " said Luke Barrington , an electrical engineering Ph.D. candidate at the UC San Diego Jacobs School of Engineering , and the first author of the new study .
Gert Lanckriet , an electrical and computer engineering professor from UC San Diego and Reid Oda , an undergraduate in cognitive sciences at UC San Diego are co-authors on this paper .
Smarter than Genius ?
The UC San Diego researchers found that the playlist generator they built using their own algorithms performed as well as Genius under certain conditions .
In contrast to Genius , which uses information about the songs people buy and listen to in iTunes in order to learn which songs in any iTunes library are related , the UCSD music recommender relies on auto - tagging algorithms that use machine learning to label songs with descriptive words based only on the acoustic content of the songs .
" Our computer system works by listening to the music - it does n't know anything about artists or albums or charts .
In some trials of our survey , we tried to remove these biases from the human listeners by hiding the names of the songs and artists and making sure that subjects liked the seed songs but had not heard them before , " said Barrington .
In these cases , the researchers found that people liked playlists generated by the UCSD auto - tagging algorithms as often as they liked Genius playlists .
This partial parity with Genius underscores how the UCSD auto - tagging algorithms can be used to generate high quality music playlists that incorporate lesser - known and unknown songs .
Genius currently ignores relatively unknown songs because it lacks adequate wisdom from iTunes customers about how these songs connect to other songs .
Systems like the auto - tagging music algorithms developed at UC San Diego could be useful in filling in the " blind spots " in Genius and other collaborative filtering systems that rely on the wisdom of the masses to generate playlists .
" We were n't expecting our system to beat Genius at making playlists based on the most popular songs - our system does n't know about artists , popularity , release dates , albums or anything else that the average music fan is aware of .
Once we add that information in , we think we can build something that is really smarter than Genius , " said Barrington .
Music Games are Serious Research
The UCSD electrical engineers are always improving their auto - tagging algorithms thanks to a series of music discovery games they created for Facebook called Herd It .
Players listen to songs and compete with other online players to most accurately describe the songs they are listening to .
The electrical engineers use the song - word combinations these games generate to improve the accuracy and breadth of their auto - tagging algorithms .
As with the Herd It games , the surveys the engineers created to study playlists also began with humans listening to a song clip .
Next , the survey system produced two competing five - song playlists for the same seed song .
Playlists were generated by one of the four possible recommender systems the researchers were studying : Genius ; Artist Similarity - a music recommender that selected songs based only on similar artists ; Similar Tags - a music recommender that selected songs based only on the audio content of the songs ( this system was built upon the UCSD auto - tagging algorithms ) ; or random playlist .
For each pair of playlists , subjects identified the list they thought was better .
Playlists were built from the authors ' personal music library of over 12,000 relatively popular songs that span the most common genres of Western popular music .
The list of songs used to seed playlists is available at : http://cosmal.ucsd.edu/cal/projects/playlist/
People are moving more and more to streaming music , where listeners do n't have the actual file .
With access to every song on You Tube , deciding which of the 10 million songs you want to listen to next can be daunting .
" Playlists are an increasingly important tool for overcoming what otherwise might be an overwhelming amount of streaming music , " said Barrington .
New Music Search Technologies
The algorithms that automatically tag songs with descriptive words that are at the foundation of the UC San Diego playlist generator are also powering a new breed of search engine for music as well as Facebook games that provide researchers with the information needed to improve the new search engine .
To watch a video highlighting the capabilities of the new music search engine , go to :
http://cse-ece-ucsd.blogspot.com/2009/10/new-music-search-engine-on-way.html
More information : Read the research paper at : http://cosmal.ucsd.edu/cal/pubs/Barrington-Genius-ISMIR09.pdf
Source : University of California - San Diego ( news : web )
Explore further From a Queen song to a better music search engine ( w/ Video )
Representing The Rights Of All Citizens
The attorneys at the Law Offices of Feeley & LaRocca have made a point to work with public employees .
This comes from their experience as public employees , themselves .
They know the importance of the work firefighters and police officers do , and want to represent the rights of our brave first responders .
While this is a focus , it is n’t the firm ’s only focus .
The lawyers at the firm are experienced in a wide range of legal matters and work with clients of all kinds .
Whether you ’ve been injured in an accident in your personal life or at work , or need have questions about employment law , the staff at the Law Offices of Feeley & LaRocca is available to serve your needs in South Orange and throughout New Jersey .
Posted by John , October 4th , 2009 - under Rape , Roman Polanski .
Tags : Classes
Thirty two years ago Roman Polanski raped a 13 year old girl .
He got her drunk , gave her drugs and then had sex with her .
Originally charged with rape and sodomy , Polanski struck a bargain with US prosecutors and pleaded guilty to unlawful sex with a minor , implying there was something consensual about the relationship .
First , under US ( and Australian ) law a 13 year old cannot consent to sex with a 44 year old .
Second , the power imbalance means there can be no consent .
Add in drugs and alcohol and any idea of agreement is a fiction .
The girl , Samantha Geimer , ( or Gailey as she was then ) , gave evidence at the time that she resisted Polanski .
Polanski ’s life has been hell .
Some of his family died in the concentration camps .
He evaded the Nazis .
The Manson Family killed his pregnant wife .
So ?
These matters go to motivation and sentencing , not to guilt .
The European political elite ( especially in France and Poland ) have defended Polanski .
They are applying pressure to have Polanski released and the charges dropped .
The cultural left have also supported Polanski .
Why all this high level support ?
Well evidently Polanski has made some good films .
This supposedly counterbalances his crime .
The ruling class ( and the cultural elite who hang off the parasites of profit ) live lives divorced from the reality the rest of us experience .
They make the rules for us to follow .
Many of them think as a consequence that the rules do n’t apply to them .
When they get caught out ( usually when they diddle other rich people ) they often get kid glove treatment .
( Polanski in magnificent exile was one example of that , until recently . )
Sometimes there has to be a sacrificial lamb to convince the lower orders the rules are applied fairly .
Bernie Madoff fits that bill ( while the banks and bilious bonus bilking brainiacs on Wall Street get trillions from us for their ‘ market ’ , never moral , failures . )
There may have been problems with the investigative and judicial processes that led to Polanski ’s conviction .
So ?
Let Polanski argue his case in person in the US .
If needs be , begin the process again , without a plea bargain and with the original rape and sodomy and other charges in place .
Indeed I suspect ( but cannot prove ) that in the recent tax dispute between the US and Switzerland about 52,000 possible tax evading US customers of the Swiss UBS bank there might have been some discussions about Polanski .
But I do n’t know .
It might help explain why after all these years Polanski is now being pursued .
Or perhaps , as others have argued , the reason is that Polanski ’s defence lawyers taunted the California Justice system that he had n’t been arrested because the whole rotten case would fall apart and the DA snapped .
Some will argue in favour of Polanski with sophisticated sophistries about justice and crime under capitalism .
Tosh .
If any working class man had done what Polanski did there would have been no plea bargain and the sentence upon conviction would likely have been in double figures .
If the alleged rapist had been black then the likelihood of conviction would have been even higher and the sentence even longer .
The difference in treatment reflects the divisions in our class - ridden society .
Rape is rape .
Why should a rich filmmaker be treated any differently to a working class man ?
In the Chinese Medicine Materia Medica , the bark of the Magnolia tree is called Hou Pu. Hou Pu is the highly aromatic bark stripped from the stems , branches and roots of the magnolia tree .
The first mention of magnolia bark as a Traditional Chinese medicinal substance was recorded around 100 C.E .
It is used frequently by acupuncturists and practitioners of Oriental medicine in Chinese herbal formulas .
These herbal remedies include formulas to resolve complaints such as abdominal distension and pain , vomiting and diarrhea .
Magnolia bark ‘s therapeutic actions include the promotion of qi in the gastrointestinal region .
For the acupuncture patient , this translates to relief of stomach fullness , bloating and discomfort .
These properties are illustrated in the Chinese herbal formula
Hou po wen zhong tang also known as Magnolia bark decoction for warming the middle .
This medicinal formula features magnolia bark in addition to six other ingredients .
The prescription remedies the diagnosis of damp - cold injuring the spleen and stomach .
This clinical picture can arise most commonly from the overindulgence of foods and drink that are uncooked and cold , especially during colder months of the year .
The nature of cold is to congeal , and when this condition strikes , the qi of the digestion becomes obstructed .
Symptomatically , the patient may experience fullness , loss of appetite , fatigue in the extremities and diarrhea .
The herbs in this formula work synergistically to move the obstruction , warm the digestion and dry the inappropriate stagnation of fluids in the gastrointestinal tract .
Magnolia bark is an invaluable asset in the Chinese herbal arsenal to restore poor digestion due to lack of movement from cold stagnation .
A licensed and experienced Oriental medicine provider brings a lot to the table in the relief of digestive complaints .
Acupuncture , Chinese herbs and dietetic recommendations can be a powerful combination to combat the symptoms and to rectify the underlying issues surrounding digestive discomfort .
Richard Yeselson is a research coordinator for the labor federation , Change to Win .
The opinions he expresses are his own .
Bill Galston thinks Democrats are in trouble because there 's a non-trivial percentage of Americans who , because they are economically illiterate , wish to see rapid reductions of debt and deficits .
He suggests that the Obama administration should seek to oblige them .
That would be deeply problematic , as it would likely make the economic situation even worse -- an outcome , no doubt , that would further enrage these same Americans , along with many , many more .
Let me suggest a thought experiment .
Why ca n't Galston and others ( like David Brooks ) who have advanced this " Obama has gone too far left " line try , instead , to imagine a nation which could pass legislation with a simple majority vote in both houses of its legislature ?
In other words , one that is not held captive to an anachronistic , extra-constitutional supermajority requirement that is now being imposed by a minority party which refuses to engage on the big issues .
Suddenly , Obama 's stimulus is larger and more thoughtfully targeted , his proposed financial regulations have real bite and a coherent rationale behind them , and his health care bill covers more people with better subsidies .
Suddenly , Obama is able to augment that original stimulus , if necessary , as he sees fit , rather than desperately hoping that further unemployment benefits will be sufficient .
Suddenly , because of a rational , democratic procedure , Obama is paradoxically a president with a record of substantive achievement regarding the crucial public policy issues of the moment .
And the misplaced anxieties of those Americans with immediate concerns about the budget do n’t seem as relevant .
We are living through the Californiafication of America - - a country in which the combination of a determined minority and a procedural supermajority legislative requirement makes it impossible to rationally address public policy challenges .
And thus the Democratic president and his allies in Congress are evaluated on the basis of extreme compromise measures -- supplicating to dispassionate Wise Men like Ben Nelson and Joe Lieberman , buying Olympia Snowe a vacation home , working bills through 76 committees and countless " procedural " votes -- rather than the substantive , policy achievements of bills that would merely require a simple majority to pass .
It is sheer good fortune that the Democrats had 59/60 Senate seats this cycle and thus were able to pass any stimulus at all , albeit the inadequate one they did .
Think about it :
With a robust 56 Senate Democratic seats , the stimulus would have failed -- and otherwise , Galston / Brooks would be talking not about Obama ’s " going too far , " but , rather , about a " failed Obama presidency . "
And they would be wrong .
What we would be witnessing -- and are still witnessing -- is a failed system of democratic governance .
It ’s something procedural liberals should be deeply concerned about and should remedy as quickly as possible .
Volunteers Log Off as Wikipedia Ages
Wikipedia.org is the fifth - most - popular Web site in the world , with roughly 325 million monthly visitors .
But unprecedented numbers of the millions of online volunteers who write , edit and police it are quitting .
That could have significant implications for the brand of democratization that Wikipedia helped to unleash over the Internet –the empowerment of the amateur .
Volunteers have been departing the project that bills itself as “ the free encyclopedia that anyone can edit ” faster than new ones have been joining , and the net losses have accelerated over the past year .
In the first three months of 2009 , the English - language Wikipedia suffered a net loss of more than 49,000 editors , compared to a net loss of 4,900 during the same period a year earlier , according to Spanish researcher Felipe Ortega , who analyzed Wikipedia ’s data on the editing histories of its more than three million active contributors in 10 languages .
Read the rest of this post on the original site
The Tadlock Law Office is a North Texas family law firm focused exclusively on family law .
Our office is centrally located , and handles family law matters for clients in Dallas , Collin , Tarrant and Denton counties .
The Tadlock Law Office handles all family law issues from pre-marital agreements to divorce , post - divorce modifications of both child custody and child support .
Additionally , the Tadlock Law Office handles paternity matters , as well as adoptions .
We are deeply committed towards a peaceful resolution of every matter we undertake .
When a peaceful approach is not an option , we stand prepared to aggressively advocate for the client in the courtroom .
The Tadlock Law Office understands that family law matters can be emotional , and that the results of such matters have long - lasting implications .
North Texas Family Law
WASHINGTON , Nov. 21 ( UPI ) --
A former Wyoming police officer was sentenced to 15 years in prison for kidnapping a motorist in a plot to extort money from Wal - Mart , officials said .
Highway Patrol trooper Franklin Ryle Jr. pleaded guilty to federal charges that while on duty in January he falsely arrested and kidnapped a Wal - Mart truck driver .
He intended to kill the driver then stage an accident with the truck that would either injure Ryle or kill Ryle 's wife , the U.S. Justice Department said in a release Friday .
Advertisement
Ryle intended to then seek monetary damages from Wal - Mart , the department said .
After attempting to involve his unwitting wife in the plan , Ryle abandoned the scheme and released the driver when he realized the truck was equipped with a GPS unit .
" This officer abandoned his law enforcement role and engaged in a bizarre scheme to target innocent victims for his own personal gain .
Officers who abuse their power in this way will be prosecuted to the fullest extent the law allows , " Assistant Attorney General Thomas E. Perez said .
MARIMONDA ALTA , Colombia —
After a taxing , three - hour hike into the Sierra Nevada Mountains , Sandra Vargas spotted her family ’s abandoned farmhouse — and the makeshift cemetery in the backyard .
It was here , on Jan. 6 , 1991 , that guerrillas executed her brother , Jose de Jesus Vargas , and ordered their parents to inter him .
Now , accompanied by forensic anthropologists , Sandra Vargas had returned to extract the remains of her brother and give him a proper burial .
“ I ’ve always wanted to do this but never had the chance , ” Vargas said as the search team began turning over dirt .
“ I ’ve been waiting for 18 years . ”
The waiting is over for legions of Colombians whose loved ones were killed in the country ’s 45 - year - old war .
The ongoing conflict pits leftist guerrillas against government troops and right - wing paramilitary death squads but most of the victims are civilians .
The excavations began in 2005 after thousands of paramilitaries disarmed .
In exchange for lighter prison terms , the militia commanders — who ordered thousands of killings — had to confess their crimes and provide information on where the dead are buried .
So far , forensic anthropologists have uncovered the remains of nearly 2,500 people .
But their work is just beginning .
More than 21,000 noncombatants have been officially registered as disappeared with some cases dating back to 1974 .
Other victims were targeted by the guerrillas and the Colombian army .
In fact , there are so many pending cases that the government ’s 15 teams of forensic anthropologists have narrowed their focus to sites where they have a clear idea of the identities of the dead in order to return the remains to relatives .
“ For the families , it helps bring closure , ” said Fernan Gonzalez , a Roman Catholic priest and a member of a government - appointed reconciliation commission that is putting together a history of the war .
Unlike similar efforts in Bosnia , El Salvador , Guatemala , Peru and Argentina , which were carried out once the hostilities had largely ended , some of the excavations in Colombia are taking place in active war zones .
As a result , the search parties must embed with Colombian Army troops who search the area for guerrilla and paramilitary units then set up a security perimeter .
Some team members are a little surprised at their line of work .
After earning a university degree in anthropology , Juliana Lopez figured she ’d spend most of her time uncovering ancient ruins at archaeological sites .
Instead , she ’s getting a crash course in Colombia ’s more recent — and tragic — history .
To locate the remains of Jose de Jesus Vargas , who was killed by a now - defunct Maoist guerrilla group known as the Popular Liberation Army , Lopez and two other anthropologists were joined by Sandra Vargas , the victim ’s sister , who knew where her brother was buried and served as their guide .
Sandra , who was only 6 when the crime occurred , has no idea why the guerrillas executed her brother , who was 24 .
But in many cases , civilians are targeted for allegedly collaborating with the enemy .
After the killing , the Vargas family fled the area and Sandra was returning to the farm for the first time in years .
The day began at 3 a.m. when she met the search team in the coastal city of Santa Marta .
After picking up a squad of soldiers , they drove into the Sierra Nevada Mountains , which jut dramatically out of the mostly flat landscape along Colombia ’s Caribbean coast .
Their craggy peaks and valleys have long provided refuge for guerrilla and paramilitary groups .
Thus , when the road petered out and the long march began , the soldiers fanned out to clear the way .
Reaching the grave site was half the battle .
The anthropologists loaded some of their gear onto the back of a rented mule but as they crossed streams and negotiated the winding footpath , they were soon sweaty and exhausted .
They reached the Vargas farm at 1 p.m. , and had to work fast .
Guerrilla groups were in the area so instead of camping overnight , the team had to find the body and get back down the mountain before darkness set in .
Mosquitoes and gnats filled the air and the forest floor was alive with biting ants .
But the search team paid no attention .
Sandra indicated the spot where she thought her brother was interred and the anthropologists began jamming a metal probe into the ground .
After a few false starts , they detected a soft spot , indicating that the soil had been moved .
When they removed the top layer of dirt , they noted that the underlying soil gave off a reddish hue .
The change in color , they said , was due to a chemical reaction , likely caused by the decomposition of bones .
They were getting closer .
Now lying on their bellies , the anthropologists switched from shovels to trowels for the delicate work that lay ahead .
Soon , they found a rotten length of belt and then a ragged pair of underwear .
Next , they spotted something black and shiny : a rubber boot with a grey shin bone sticking out of the top .
Sandra took a deep breath .
The team had found her brother .
“ Now he is with us again , ” she said .
After photographing rib , femur and finger bones , the anthropologists placed the remains in plastic bags , taped them shut , and slung them onto the back of the mule .
The bones would eventually be transferred to a government laboratory for DNA testing then returned to the family for the last rites .
Mission accomplished , the soldiers and the anthropologists began the long slog back down the mountain .
And because so many clandestine graves have yet to be excavated , they were up before dawn the next day to set out on another dig .
Get ready :
That famous red bow tie , too - tight gray suit and unmistakable voice are back .
Pee -wee Herman , the ' 80s television man-child icon , is returning to the spotlight .
" The Pee - wee Herman Show , " starring Paul Reubens , will have a limited engagement run from Nov. 19 to 29 at the Music Box @ Fonda in Hollywood .
" I 've put part of him away for a long time but part of him has always been here with me , " the soft - spoken actor said in an interview today .
" I think it will be like riding a bike -- which is not a bad analogy for Pee - wee , by the way . "
The new stage production is a " re-imagined " version of Herman 's past theatrical outings , according to promoters .
The original version of the show debuted at the Groundlings Theatre in 1981 before playing at L.A. 's Roxy Theatre for five months .
The production then went on a 22 - city tour that included New York 's Carnegie Hall .
The new production will feature Pee - wee regulars , including Miss Yvonne , Mailman Mike , Cowboy Curtis and Jambi the Genie .
Audiences can also count on appearances by Pee - wee 's talking chair , Chairry , and his friend Pterri , the pterodactyl .
Previews for the show begin at the Music Box on Nov. 8 and tickets go on sale Tuesday .
Jared Geller and David J. Foster are producing the show .
Reubens , whose run-ins with the law over the years eclipsed his acting achievements , has branched out into serious films over the years , including supporting roles in " Blow " and the upcoming " Nailed " and " Life During Wartime . "
Check back later on Culture Monster for more about Pee - wee 's return to the stage .
Everyone that went to this event , received the game early and got to see it on a big movie theater screen .
Plus they got to see a brand new section of the single player campaign and played a new multiplayer stage .
I ’m so jealous …
They had a multiplayer contest and the winner got the Fortune Hunter Edition , which you can only win .
Not available for sale anywhere .
I bet that was a tense game !
I wish the game came out on Oct 12th instead of the 13th because I have Columbus Day off , lol .
Big Surprises at the UNCHARTED 2 : Among Thieves Cinema Events
This article is about the plant and the fruit .
For other uses , see Tomato ( disambiguation )
Edible berry of the tomato plant , Solanum lycopersicum
The tomato is the edible , often red berry of the plant Solanum lycopersicum , [ 2 ] [ 1 ] commonly known as a tomato plant .
The species originated in western South America and Central America . [ 2 ] [ 3 ]
The Nahuatl ( the language used by the Aztecs ) word tomatl gave rise to the Spanish word tomate , from which the English word tomato derived . [ 3 ] [ 4 ]
Its domestication and use as a cultivated food may have originated with the indigenous peoples of Mexico . [ 2 ] [ 5 ]
The Aztecs used tomatoes in their cooking at the time of the Spanish conquest of the Aztec Empire , and after the Spanish encountered the tomato for the first time after their contact with the Aztecs , they brought the plant to Europe .
From there , the tomato was introduced to other parts of the European - colonized world during the 16th century . [ 2 ]
Tomatoes are a significant source of umami flavor . [ 6 ]
The tomato is consumed in diverse ways , raw or cooked , in many dishes , sauces , salads , and drinks .
While tomatoes are fruits — botanically classified as berries — they are commonly used as a vegetable ingredient or side dish . [ 3 ]
Numerous varieties of the tomato plant are widely grown in temperate climates across the world , with greenhouses allowing for the production of tomatoes throughout all seasons of the year .
Tomato plants typically grow to 1 –3 meters ( 3 –10 ft ) in height .
They are vines that have a weak stem that sprawls and typically needs support .
[ 2 ]
Indeterminate tomato plants are perennials in their native habitat , but are cultivated as annuals .
( Determinate , or bush , plants are annuals that stop growing at a certain height and produce a crop all at once . )
The size of the tomato varies according to the cultivar , with a range of 1 – 10 cm ( 1⁄ 2 – 4 in ) in width . [ 2 ]
Names
Grape tomatoes on the vine for sale at a market
Etymology
The word " tomato " comes from the Spanish tomate , which in turn comes from the Nahuatl word tomatl [ ˈtomat͡ɬ ] , meaning " the swelling fruit " .
[ 4 ]
The native Mexican tomatillo is tomate ( in Nahuatl : tomātl ( help·info ) , meaning " fat water " or " fat thing " ) .
[ 7 ]
When Aztecs started to cultivate the fruit to be larger , sweeter , and red , they called the new species xitomatl ( or jitomates ) ( pronounced [ ʃiːˈtomatɬ ] ) , [ 2 ] ( " plump with navel " or " fat water with navel " ) .
The scientific species epithet lycopersicum is interpreted literally from Latin in the 1753 book , Species Plantarum , as " wolfpeach " , where wolf is from lyco and peach is from persicum .
Pronunciation
The usual pronunciations of " tomato " are ( usual in American English ) and ( usual in British English ) . [ 8 ]
The word 's dual pronunciations were immortalized in Ira and George Gershwin 's 1937 song " Let 's Call the Whole Thing Off " ( " You like and I like / You like and I like " ) and have become a symbol for nitpicking pronunciation disputes .[ citation needed ]
In this capacity , it has even become an American and British slang term : saying " " when presented with two choices can mean " What 's the difference ? " or " It 's all the same to me " .[ citation needed ]
Fruit versus vegetable
Encyclopedia Britannica , tomatoes are a fruit labeled in grocery stores as a vegetable due to ( the taste ) and nutritional purposes .
[ 3 ]
Tomatoes are considered a fruit or vegetable depending on context .
According to , tomatoes are a fruit labeled in grocery stores as a vegetable due to ( the taste ) and nutritional purposes .
Tomatoes plain and sliced
Botanically , a tomato is a fruit — a berry , consisting of the ovary , together with its seeds , of a flowering plant .
However , the tomato is considered a " culinary vegetable " because it has a much lower sugar content than culinary fruits ; it is typically served as part of a salad or main course of a meal , rather than as a dessert .
Tomatoes are not the only food source with this ambiguity ; bell peppers , cucumbers , green beans , eggplants , avocados , and squashes of all kinds ( such as zucchini and pumpkins ) are all botanically fruit , yet cooked as vegetables .
This has led to legal dispute in the United States .
In 1887 , U.S. tariff laws that imposed a duty on vegetables , but not on fruit , caused the tomato 's status to become a matter of legal importance .
The U.S. Supreme Court settled this controversy on May 10 , 1893 , by declaring that the tomato is a vegetable , based on the popular definition that classifies vegetables by use — they are generally served with dinner and not dessert ( Nix v. Hedden ( 149 U.S. 304 ) ) .
The holding of this case applies only to the interpretation of the Tariff of 1883 , and the court did not purport to reclassify the tomato for botanical or other purposes .
Botany
Description
Tomato flower
An unripe tomato growing on the vine
Tomato plants are vines , initially decumbent , typically growing 180 cm ( 6 ft ) or more above the ground if supported , although erect bush varieties have been bred , generally 100 cm ( 3 ft 3 in ) tall or shorter .
Indeterminate types are " tender " perennials , dying annually in temperate climates ( they are originally native to tropical highlands ) , although they can live up to three years in a greenhouse in some cases .
Determinate types are annual in all climates .[ citation needed ]
Tomato plants are dicots , and grow as a series of branching stems , with a terminal bud at the tip that does the actual growing .
When that tip eventually stops growing , whether because of pruning or flowering , lateral buds take over and grow into other , fully functional , vines . [ 9 ]
Tomato vines are typically pubescent , meaning covered with fine short hairs .
These hairs facilitate the vining process , turning into roots wherever the plant is in contact with the ground and moisture , especially if the vine 's connection to its original root has been damaged or severed .[ citation needed ]
Most tomato plants have compound leaves , and are called regular leaf ( RL ) plants , but some cultivars have simple leaves known as potato leaf ( PL ) style because of their resemblance to that particular relative .
Of RL plants , there are variations , such as rugose leaves , which are deeply grooved , and variegated , angora leaves , which have additional colors where a genetic mutation causes chlorophyll to be excluded from some portions of the leaves . [ 10 ]
The leaves are 10 – 25 cm ( 4–10 in ) long , odd pinnate , with five to nine leaflets on petioles , [ 11 ] each leaflet up to 8 cm ( 3 in ) long , with a serrated margin ; both the stem and leaves are densely glandular - hairy .[ citation needed ]
Their flowers , appearing on the apical meristem , have the anthers fused along the edges , forming a column surrounding the pistil 's style .
Flowers in domestic cultivars can be self - fertilizing .
The flowers are 1 – 2 cm ( 1⁄ 2 – 3 ⁄ 4 in ) across , yellow , with five pointed lobes on the corolla ; they are borne in a cyme of three to 12 together .[ citation needed ]
Although in culinary terms , tomato is regarded as a vegetable , its fruit is classified botanically as a berry . [ 12 ]
As a true fruit , it develops from the ovary of the plant after fertilization , its flesh comprising the pericarp walls .
The fruit contains hollow spaces full of seeds and moisture , called locular cavities .
These vary , among cultivated species , according to type .
Some smaller varieties have two cavities , globe - shaped varieties typically have three to five , beefsteak tomatoes have a great number of smaller cavities , while paste tomatoes have very few , very small cavities . [ 13 ] [ 14 ] [ 15 ]
For propagation , the seeds need to come from a mature fruit , and be dried or fermented before germination .[ citation needed ]
Classification
In 1753 , Linnaeus placed the tomato in the genus Solanum ( alongside the potato ) as Solanum lycopersicum .
In 1768 , Philip Miller moved it to its own genus , naming it Lycopersicon esculentum . [ 16 ]
This name came into wide use , but was technically in breach of the plant naming rules because Linnaeus 's species name lycopersicum still had priority .
Although the name Lycopersicum lycopersicum was suggested by Karsten ( 1888 ) , this is not used because it violates the International Code of Nomenclature [ 17 ] barring the use of tautonyms in botanical nomenclature .
The corrected name Lycopersicon lycopersicum ( Nicolson 1974 ) was technically valid , since Miller 's genus name and Linnaeus 's species name differ in exact spelling , but since Lycopersicon esculentum has become so well known , it was officially listed as a nomen conservandum in 1983 , and would be the correct name for the tomato in classifications which do not place the tomato in the genus Solanum .
Genetic evidence has now shown that Linnaeus was correct to put the tomato in the genus Solanum , making Solanum lycopersicum the correct name . [ 1] [ 18 ]
Both names , however , will probably be found in the literature for some time .
Two of the major reasons for considering the genera separate are the leaf structure ( tomato leaves are markedly different from any other Solanum ) , and the biochemistry ( many of the alkaloids common to other Solanum species are conspicuously absent in the tomato ) .
On the other hand , hybrids of tomato and diploid potato can be created in the lab by somatic fusion , and are partially fertile , [ 19 ] providing evidence of the close relationship between these species .
Genetic modification
Tomatoes that have been modified using genetic engineering have been developed , and although none are commercially available now , they have been in the past .
The first commercially available genetically modified food was a variety of tomato named the Flavr Savr , which was engineered to have a longer shelf life . [ 20 ]
Scientists are continuing to develop tomatoes with new traits not found in natural crops , such as increased resistance to pests or environmental stresses .
Other projects aim to enrich tomatoes with substances that may offer health benefits or provide better nutrition .
An international consortium of researchers from 10 countries , among them researchers from the Boyce Thompson Institute for Plant Research , began sequencing the tomato genome in 2004 , and is creating a database of genomic sequences and information on the tomato and related plants . [ 21 ] [ 22 ]
A prerelease version of the genome was made available in December 2009 . [ 23 ]
The genomes of its mitochondria and chloroplasts are also being sequenced as part of the project .
The complete genome for the cultivar Heinz 1706 was published on 31 May 2012 in Nature . [ 24 ]
Since many other fruits , like strawberries , apples , melons , and bananas share the same characteristics and genes , researchers stated the published genome could help to improve food quality , food security and reduce costs of all of these fruits . [ 25 ]
Breeding
The Tomato Genetic Resource Center , Germplasm Resources Information Network , AVRDC , and numerous seed banks around the world store seed representing genetic variations of value to modern agriculture .
These seed stocks are available for legitimate breeding and research efforts .
While individual breeding efforts can produce useful results , the bulk of tomato breeding work is at universities and major agriculture - related corporations .
These efforts have resulted in significant regionally adapted breeding lines and hybrids , such as the Mountain series from North Carolina .
Corporations including Heinz , Monsanto , BHNSeed , and Bejoseed have breeding programs that attempt to improve production , size , shape , color , flavor , disease tolerance , pest tolerance , nutritional value , and numerous other traits .[ citation needed ]
History
Solanum lycopersicum var .
lycopersicum .
Sheet from the oldest tomato collection of Europe , 1542 – 1544 .
Naturalis Leiden . .
Sheet from the oldest tomato collection of Europe , 1542 – 1544 .
Naturalis Leiden .
The wild ancestor of the tomato is native to western South America . [ 26 ]
These wild versions were the size of peas . [ 26 ]
The Spanish first introduced tomatoes to Europe , where they became used in Spanish and Italian food .
In France and northern Europe , the tomato was initially grown as an ornamental plant .
It was regarded with suspicion as a food because botanists recognized it as a nightshade , a relative of the poisonous belladonna . [ 3 ]
This was exacerbated by the interaction of the tomato 's acidic juice with pewter plates . [ 27 ]
The leaves and immature fruit contains tomatine , which in large quantities would be toxic .
However , the ripe fruit contains no tomatine . [ 28 ]
Mesoamerica
Aztecs and other peoples in Mesoamerica were the first to have domesticated the fruit and used in their cooking .
The exact date of domestication is unknown ; by 500 BC , it was already being cultivated in southern Mexico and probably other areas .
[ 29 ] :13 The Pueblo people are thought to have believed that those who witnessed the ingestion of tomato seeds were blessed with powers of divination . [ 30 ]
The large , lumpy variety of tomato , a mutation from a smoother , smaller fruit , originated in Mesoamerica , and may be the direct ancestor of some modern cultivated tomatoes .
[ 29]:15
Spanish distribution
Spanish conquistador Hernán Cortés may have been the first to transfer the small yellow tomato to Europe after he captured the Aztec city of Tenochtitlan , now Mexico City , in 1521 , although Christopher Columbus may have taken them back as early as 1493 .
The earliest discussion of the tomato in European literature appeared in a herbal written in 1544 by Pietro Andrea Mattioli , an Italian physician and botanist , who suggested that a new type of eggplant had been brought to Italy that was blood red or golden color when mature and could be divided into segments and eaten like an eggplant — that is , cooked and seasoned with salt , black pepper , and oil .
It was not until ten years later that tomatoes were named in print by Mattioli as pomi d'oro , or " golden apples " .
[ 29]:13
After the Spanish colonization of the Americas , the Spanish distributed the tomato throughout their colonies in the Caribbean .
They also took it to the Philippines , from where it spread to southeast Asia and then the entire Asian continent .
The Spanish also brought the tomato to Europe .
It grew easily in Mediterranean climates , and cultivation began in the 1540s .
It was probably eaten shortly after it was introduced , and was certainly being used as food by the early 17th century in Spain .
China
The tomato was introduced to China , likely via the Philippines or Macau , in the 1500s .
It was given the name fānqié ( barbarian eggplant ) , as the Chinese named many foodstuffs introduced from abroad , but referring specifically to early introductions . [ 31 ]
Italy
The recorded history of tomatoes in Italy dates back to at least 31 October 1548 , when the house steward of Cosimo de '
Medici , the grand duke of Tuscany , wrote to the Medici private secretary informing him that the basket of tomatoes sent from the grand duke 's Florentine estate at Torre del Gallo " had arrived safely " .[ citation needed ]
Tomatoes were grown mainly as ornamentals early on after their arrival in Italy .
For example , the Florentine aristocrat Giovanvettorio Soderini wrote how they " were to be sought only for their beauty " , and were grown only in gardens or flower beds .
The tomato 's ability to mutate and create new and different varieties helped contribute to its success and spread throughout Italy .
However , even in areas where the climate supported growing tomatoes , their habit of growing to the ground suggested low status .
They were not adopted as a staple of the peasant population because they were not as filling as other fruits already available .
Additionally , both toxic and inedible varieties discouraged many people from attempting to consume or prepare any other varieties . [ 32 ]
In certain areas of Italy , such as Florence , the fruit was used solely as a tabletop decoration , until it was incorporated into the local cuisine in the late 17th or early 18th century .
The earliest discovered cookbook with tomato recipes was published in Naples in 1692 , though the author had apparently obtained these recipes from Spanish sources .
[ 29]:17
Unique varieties were developed over the next several hundred years for uses such as dried tomatoes , sauce tomatoes , pizza tomatoes , and tomatoes for long - term storage .
These varieties are usually known for their place of origin as much as by a variety name .
For example , Pomodorino del Piennolo del Vesuvio is the " hanging tomato of Vesuvius " or the Pomodoro di Pachino and Pomodorino di Manduria .
Britain
Tomatoes for sale in a UK supermarket
Tomatoes were not grown in England until the 1590s . [ 29 ] :17 One of the earliest cultivators was John Gerard , a barber - surgeon . [ 29 ] :17 Gerard 's Herbal , published in 1597 , and largely plagiarized from continental sources , [ 29 ]:17 is also one of the earliest discussions of the tomato in England .
Gerard knew the tomato was eaten in Spain and Italy . [ 29 ] :17 Nonetheless , he believed it was poisonous [ 29 ] :17 ( in fact , the plant and raw fruit do have low levels of tomatine , but are not generally dangerous ; see below ) .
Gerard 's views were influential , and the tomato was considered unfit for eating ( though not necessarily poisonous ) for many years in Britain and its North American colonies .
[ 29]:17
However , by the mid-18th century , tomatoes were widely eaten in Britain , and before the end of that century , the Encyclopædia Britannica stated the tomato was " in daily use " in soups , broths , and as a garnish .
They were not part of the average person 's diet , and though by 1820 they were described as " to be seen in great abundance in all our vegetable markets " and to be " used by all our best cooks " , reference was made to their cultivation in gardens still " for the singularity of their appearance " , while their use in cooking was associated with exotic Italian or Jewish cuisine . [ 33 ]
India
The tomato arrived in India by the way of Portuguese explorers , in the 16th century .
It was grown from the 18th century onwards for the British .
Even today , in Bengal , the alternative name is " Biliti Begun " ( Bengali : বিলিতি বেগুন ) , meaning " Foreign Eggplant "
It was then adopted widely as it is well suited to India 's climate , with Uttarakhand as one of the main producers [ citation needed ] .
Middle East and North Africa
The tomato was introduced to cultivation in the Middle East by John Barker , British consul in Aleppo circa 1799 to 1825 . [ 34 ] [ 35 ]
Nineteenth century descriptions of its consumption are uniformly as an ingredient in a cooked dish .
In 1881 , it is described as only eaten in the region " within the last forty years " . [ 36 ]
Today , the tomato is a critical and ubiquitous part of Middle Eastern cuisine , served fresh in salads ( e.g. , Arab salad , Israeli salad , Shirazi salad and Turkish salad ) , grilled with kebabs and other dishes , made into sauces , and so on .
North America
A variety of small tomatoes
The earliest reference to tomatoes being grown in British North America is from 1710 , when herbalist William Salmon reported seeing them in what is today South Carolina . [ 29 ] :25 They may have been introduced from the Caribbean .
By the mid-18th century , they were cultivated on some Carolina plantations , and probably in other parts of the Southeast as well .
Possibly , some people continued to think tomatoes were poisonous at this time ; and in general , they were grown more as ornamental plants than as food .
Thomas Jefferson , who ate tomatoes in Paris , sent some seeds back to America .
[ 29 ]:28
Early tomato breeders included Henry Tilden in Iowa and a Dr. Hand in Baltimore . [ 37 ]
Alexander W. Livingston receives much credit for developing numerous varieties of tomato for both home and commercial gardeners . [ 38 ]
The U.S. Department of Agriculture 's 1937 yearbook declared that " half of the major varieties were a result of the abilities of the Livingstons to evaluate and perpetuate superior material in the tomato . "
Livingston 's first breed of tomato , the Paragon , was introduced in 1870 .
In 1875 , he introduced the Acme , which was said to be involved in the parentage of most of the tomatoes introduced by him and his competitors for the next twenty - five years . [ 39 ] [ 40 ]
When Livingston began his attempts to develop the tomato as a commercial crop , his aim had been to grow tomatoes smooth in contour , uniform in size , and sweet in flavor .
In 1870 , Livingston introduced the Paragon , and tomato culture soon became a great enterprise in the county .
He eventually developed over seventeen different varieties of the tomato plant . [ 39 ]
Today , the crop is grown in every state in the Union . [ 41 ]
Because of the long growing season needed for this heat - loving crop , several states in the US Sun Belt became major tomato - producers , particularly Florida and California .
In California , tomatoes are grown under irrigation for both the fresh fruit market and for canning and processing .
The University of California , Davis ( UC Davis ) became a major center for research on the tomato .
The C.M. Rick Tomato Genetics Resource Center at UC
Davis is a gene bank of wild relatives , monogenic mutants and miscellaneous genetic stocks of tomato . [ 42 ]
The center is named for the late Dr. Charles M. Rick , a pioneer in tomato genetics research . [ 43 ]
Research on processing tomatoes is also conducted by the California Tomato Research Institute in Escalon , California . [ 44 ]
In California , growers have used a method of cultivation called dry - farming , especially with Early Girl tomatoes .
This technique encourages the plant to send roots deep to find existing moisture in soil that retains moisture , such as clayey soil .
Modern commercial varieties
Tomatoes that have not ripened uniformly
The poor taste and lack of sugar in modern garden and commercial tomato varieties resulted from breeding tomatoes to ripen uniformly red .
This change occurred after discovery of a mutant " u " phenotype in the mid 20th century that ripened " u" niformly .
This was widely cross -bred to produce red fruit without the typical green ring around the stem on uncross - bred varieties .
Prior to general introduction of this trait , most tomatoes produced more sugar during ripening , and were sweeter and more flavorful . [ 45 ] [ 46 ]
Evidence has been found that 10 – 20 % of the total carbon fixed in the fruit can be produced by photosynthesis in the developing fruit of the normal U phenotype .
The u genetic mutation encodes a factor that produces defective chloroplasts with lower density in developing fruit , resulting in a lighter green colour of unripe fruit , and repression of sugars accumulation in the resulting ripe fruit by 10 – 15 % .
Perhaps more important than their role in photosynthesis , the fruit chloroplasts are remodelled during ripening into chlorophyll - free chromoplasts that synthesize and accumulate lycopene , β- carotene , and other metabolites that are sensory and nutritional assets of the ripe fruit .
The potent chloroplasts in the dark - green shoulders of the U phenotype are beneficial here , but have the disadvantage of leaving green shoulders near the stems of the ripe fruit , and even cracked yellow shoulders , apparently because of oxidative stress due to overload of the photosynthetic chain in direct sunlight at high temperatures .
Hence genetic design of a commercial variety that combines the advantages of types u and U requires fine tuning , but may be feasible . [ 47 ]
Furthermore , breeders of modern tomato cultivars typically strive to produce tomato plants exhibiting improved yield , shelf life , size , and tolerance / resistance to various environmental pressures , including disease . [ 48 ] [ 49 ]
However , these breeding efforts have yielded unintended negative consequences on various tomato fruit attributes .
For instance , linkage drag is a phenomenon that has been responsible for alterations in the metabolism of the tomato fruit .
Linkage drag describes the introduction of an undesired trait or allele into a plant during backcrossing .
This trait / allele is physically linked ( or is very close ) to the desired allele along the chromosome .
In introducing the beneficial allele , there exists a high likelihood that the poor allele is also incorporated into the plant .
Thus , breeding efforts attempting to enhance certain traits ( for example : larger fruit size ) have unintentionally altered production of chemicals associated with , for instance , nutritional value and flavor . [ 48 ]
Breeders have turned to using wild tomato species as a source of alleles for the introduction of beneficial traits into modern tomato varieties .
For example , wild tomato relatives may possess higher amounts of fruit solids ( which are associated with greater sugar content ) or resistance to diseases caused by microbes , such as resistance towards the early blight pathogen Alternaria solani .
However , this tactic has limitations , for the incorporation of certain traits , such as pathogen resistance , can negatively impact other favorable phenotypes ( fruit production , etc . ) . [ 49 ] [ 50 ]
Cultivation
The tomato is grown worldwide for its edible fruits , with thousands of cultivars . [ 51 ]
A fertilizer with an NPK ratio of 5 – 10 – 10 is often sold as tomato fertilizer or vegetable fertilizer , although manure and compost are also used .[ citation needed ]
Tomato plants 7 days after planting
Tomato seedlings growing indoors
27 days after planting
52 - day - old plant , first fruits
Tomatoes being collected from the field , Maharashtra , India
Production
Tomato Production Map
In 2018 , world production of tomatoes was 182 million tonnes , with China accounting for 34 % of the total , followed by India , the United States , and Turkey as major producers ( table ) . [ 52 ]
Varieties
For a more comprehensive list , see List of tomato cultivars
Diseases , pests , and disorders
For a more comprehensive list , see List of tomato diseases
Tomato fruitworm feeding on unripe tomato
Tomato bug feeding on tomato plant sap
A split heirloom tomato , caused by fluctuation in water availability
Tomato cultivars vary widely in their resistance to disease .
Modern hybrids focus on improving disease resistance over the heirloom plants .
Various forms of mildew and blight are common tomato afflictions , which is why tomato cultivars are often marked with a combination of letters that refer to specific disease resistance .
The most common letters are : LB – late blight , [ 53 ]
V – verticillium wilt , F – fusarium wilt strain I , FF – fusarium wilt strain I and II , N – nematodes , T – tobacco mosaic virus , and A – alternaria .
Some common tomato pests are stink bugs , cutworms , tomato hornworms and tobacco hornworms , aphids , cabbage loopers , whiteflies , tomato fruitworms , flea beetles , red spider mite , slugs , [ 54 ] and Colorado potato beetles .
The tomato russet mite , Aculops lycopersici , feeds on foliage and young fruit of tomato plants , causing shrivelling and necrosis of leaves , flowers , and fruit , possibly killing the plant . [ 55 ]
A common tomato disease is tobacco mosaic virus .
Handling cigarettes and other infected tobacco products can transmit the virus to tomato plants . [ 56 ]
Another particularly dreaded disease is curly top , carried by the beet leafhopper , which interrupts the lifecycle .
As the name implies , it has the symptom of making the top leaves of the plant wrinkle up and grow abnormally .[ citation needed ]
After an insect attack tomato plants produce systemin , a plant peptide hormone .
Systemin activates defensive mechanisms , such as the production of protease inhibitors to slow the growth of insects .
The hormone was first identified in tomatoes , but similar proteins have been identified in other species since . [ 57 ]
Although not a disease as such , irregular supplies of water can cause growing or ripening fruit to split .
Besides cosmetic damage , the splits may allow decay to start , although growing fruits have some ability to heal after a split .
In addition , a deformity called cat - facing can be caused by pests , temperature stress , or poor soil conditions .
Affected fruit usually remains edible , but its appearance may be unsightly .
Companion plants
Tomatoes serve , or are served by , a large variety of companion plants .
Among the most famous pairings is the tomato plant and carrots ; studies supporting this relationship have produced a popular book about companion planting , Carrots Love Tomatoes . [ 58 ]
The devastating tomato hornworm has a major predator in various parasitic wasps , whose larvae devour the hornworm , but whose adult form drinks nectar from tiny - flowered plants like umbellifers .
Several species of umbellifer are therefore often grown with tomato plants , including parsley , Queen Anne 's lace , and occasionally dill .
These also attract predatory flies that attack various tomato pests . [ 59 ]
Borage is thought to repel the tomato hornworm moth . [ 60 ]
Plants with strong scents , like alliums ( onions , chives , garlic ) , mints ( basil , oregano , spearmint ) and French marigold , ( Tagetes patula ) are thought to mask the scent of the tomato plant , making it harder for pests to locate it , or to provide an alternative landing point , reducing the odds of the pests from attacking the correct plant . [ 61 ]
These plants may also subtly affect the flavor of tomato fruit . [ 62 ]
Tomato plants can protect asparagus from asparagus beetles , because they contain solanine that kills this pest , [ citation needed ] while asparagus plants contain Asparagusic acid that repels nematodes known to attack tomato plants . [ 63 ]
Marigolds also repel nematodes . [ 64 ] [ 65 ] [ 66 ]
Pollination
Tomato flower in full bloom , next to a young , green developing fruit
Flowers and ripe fruit can be present simultaneously
In the wild , original state , tomatoes required cross-pollination ; they were much more self - incompatible than domestic cultivars .
As a floral device to reduce selfing , the pistil of wild tomatoes extends farther out of the flower than today 's cultivars .
The stamens were , and remain , entirely within the closed corolla .
As tomatoes were moved from their native areas , their traditional pollinators , ( probably a species of halictid bee ) did not move with them . [ 67 ]
The trait of self - fertility became an advantage , and domestic cultivars of tomato have been selected to maximize this trait . [ 67 ]
This is not the same as self - pollination , despite the common claim that tomatoes do so .
That tomatoes pollinate themselves poorly without outside aid is clearly shown in greenhouse situations , where pollination must be aided by artificial wind , vibration of the plants ( one brand of vibrator is a wand called an " electric bee " that is used manually ) , or more often today , by cultured bumblebees . [ 68 ]
The anther of a tomato flower is shaped like a hollow tube , with the pollen produced within the structure , rather than on the surface , as in most species .
The pollen moves through pores in the anther , but very little pollen is shed without some kind of externally - induced motion .
The ideal vibratory frequencies to release pollen grains are provided by an insect , such as a bumblebee , or the original wild halictid pollinator , capable of engaging in a behavior known as buzz pollination , which honey bees cannot perform .
In an outdoors setting , wind or animals usually provide sufficient motion to produce commercially viable crops .[ citation needed ]
Fruit formation
Pollination and fruit formation depend on meiosis .
Meiosis is central to the processes by which diploid microspore mother cells within the anther give rise to haploid pollen grains , and megaspore mother cells in ovules that are contained within the ovary give rise to haploid nuclei .
Union of haploid nuclei from pollen and ovule ( fertilization ) can occur either by self - or cross-pollination .
Fertilization leads to the formation of a diploid zygote that can then develop into an embryo within the emerging seed .
Repeated fertilizations within the ovary are accompanied by maturation of the ovary to form the tomato fruit .
Homologs of the recA gene , including rad51 , play a key role in homologous recombinational repair of DNA during meiosis .
A rad51 homolog is present in the anther of tomato ( Lycopersicon esculentum ) , [ 69 ] suggesting that recombinational repair occurs during meiosis in tomato .
Hydroponic and greenhouse cultivation
Tomatoes are often grown in greenhouses in cooler climates , and cultivars such as the British ' Moneymaker ' and a number of cultivars grown in Siberia are specifically bred for indoor growing .
In more temperate climates , it is not uncommon to start seeds in greenhouses during the late winter for future transplant .
Greenhouse tomato production in large - acreage commercial greenhouses and owner - operator stand - alone or multiple - bay greenhouses is on the increase , providing fruit during those times of the year when field - grown fruit is not readily available .
Smaller sized fruit ( cherry and grape ) , or cluster tomatoes ( fruit - on - the - vine ) are the fruit of choice for the large commercial greenhouse operators while the beefsteak varieties are the choice of owner - operator growers . [ 70 ]
Hydroponic technique is often used in hostile growing environments , as well as high - density plantings .
Picking and ripening
To facilitate transportation and storage , tomatoes are often picked unripe ( green ) and ripened in storage with ethylene . [ 71 ]
A machine - harvestable variety of tomato ( the " square tomato " ) was developed in the 1950s by University of California , Davis 's Gordie C. Hanna , which , in combination with the development of a suitable harvester , revolutionized the tomato - growing industry .
This type of tomato is grown commercially near plants that process and can tomatoes , tomato sauce , and tomato paste .
They are harvested when ripe and are flavorful when picked .
They are harvested 24 hours a day , seven days a week during a 12 - to 14 - week season , and immediately transported to packing plants , which operate on the same schedule .
California is a center of this sort of commercial tomato production and produces about a third of the processed tomatoes produced in the world . [ 72 ]
In 1994 , Calgene introduced a genetically modified tomato called the FlavrSavr , which could be vine ripened without compromising shelf life .
However , the product was not commercially successful , and was sold only until 1997 . [ 73 ]
Yield
The world dedicated 4.8 million hectares in 2012 for tomato cultivation and the total production was about 161.8 million tonnes . [ 74 ]
The average world farm yield for tomato was 33.6 tonnes per hectare , in 2012 . [ 74 ]
Tomato farms in the Netherlands were the most productive in 2012 , with a nationwide average of 476 tonnes per hectare , followed by Belgium ( 463 tonnes per hectare ) and Iceland ( 429 tonnes per hectare ) . [ 75 ]
Records
As of 2008 , the heaviest tomato harvested , weighed 3.51 kg ( 7 lb 12 oz ) , was of the cultivar " Delicious " , and was grown by Gordon Graham of Edmond , Oklahoma in 1986 . [ 76 ] [ unreliable source ? ]
The largest tomato plant grown was of the cultivar " Sungold " and reached 19.8 m ( 65 ft ) in length , grown by Nutriculture Ltd ( UK ) of Mawdesley , Lancashire , UK , in 2000 . [ 77 ]
A massive " tomato tree " growing inside the Walt Disney World Resort 's experimental greenhouses in Lake Buena Vista , Florida may have been the largest single tomato plant in the world .
The plant has been recognized as a Guinness World Record Holder , with a harvest of more than 32,000 tomatoes and a total weight of 522 kg ( 1,151 lb ) . [ 78 ] [ full citation needed ]
It yielded thousands of tomatoes at one time from a single vine .
Yong Huang , Epcot 's manager of agricultural science , discovered the unique plant in Beijing , China .
Huang brought its seeds to Epcot and created the specialized greenhouse for the fruit to grow .
The vine grew golf ball - sized tomatoes , which were served at Walt Disney World restaurants .[ citation needed ]
The tree developed a disease and was removed in April 2010 after about 13 months of life . [ 78 ]
Consumption
Stuffed tomatoes ( stuffed with hard - boiled egg and Parmesan
Though it is botanically a berry , a subset of fruit , the tomato is a vegetable for culinary purposes because of its savory flavor ( see below ) .
Although tomatoes originated in the Americas , they have become extensively used in Mediterranean cuisine .
Ripe tomatoes contain significant umami flavor and they are a key ingredient in pizza , and are commonly used in pasta sauces . [ 6 ]
They are also used in gazpacho ( Spanish cuisine ) and pa amb tomàquet ( Catalan cuisine ) .
The tomato is now grown and eaten around the world .
It is used in diverse ways , including raw in salads or in slices , stewed , incorporated into a wide variety of dishes , or processed into ketchup or tomato soup .
Unripe green tomatoes can also be breaded and fried , used to make salsa , or pickled .
Tomato juice is sold as a drink , and is used in cocktails such as the Bloody Mary .
Storage
Tomatoes keep best unwashed at room temperature and out of direct sunlight .
It is not recommended to refrigerate them as this can harm the flavor . [ 79 ]
Tomatoes stored cold tend to lose their flavor permanently . [ 80 ]
Storing stem down can prolong shelf life , [ 81 ] as it may keep from rotting too quickly . [ 82 ]
Tomatoes that are not yet ripe can be kept in a paper bag till ripening . [ 83 ]
Tomatoes are easy to preserve whole , in pieces , as tomato sauce or paste by home canning .
They are acidic enough to process in a water bath rather than a pressure cooker as most vegetables require .
The fruit is also preserved by drying , often in the sun , and sold either in bags or in jars with oil .
Safety
Plant toxicity
The leaves , stem , and green unripe fruit of the tomato plant contain small amounts of the alkaloid tomatine , whose effect on humans has not been studied . [ 28 ]
They also contain small amounts of solanine , a toxic alkaloid found in potato leaves and other plants in the nightshade family . [ 84 ] [ 85 ]
Because of this , the use of tomato leaves in herbal tea has been responsible for at least one death . [ 84 ]
However , solanine concentrations in foliage and green fruit are generally too small to be dangerous unless large amounts are consumed — for example , as greens .
Small amounts of tomato foliage are sometimes used for flavoring without ill effect , and the green fruit of unripe red tomato varieties is sometimes used for cooking , particularly as fried green tomatoes . [ 28 ]
There are also tomato varieties with fully ripe fruit that is still green .
Compared to potatoes , the amount of solanine in unripe green or fully ripe tomatoes is low .
However , even in the case of potatoes , while solanine poisoning resulting from dosages several times normal human consumption has been demonstrated , actual cases of poisoning from excessive consumption of potatoes are rare . [ 85 ]
Tomato plants can be toxic to dogs if they eat large amounts of the fruit , or chew plant material . [ 86 ]
Salmonella
Tomatoes were linked to seven Salmonella outbreaks between 1990 and 2005 , [ 87 ] and may have been the cause of a salmonellosis outbreak causing 172 illnesses in 18 US states in 2006 . [ 88 ]
The 2008 United States salmonellosis outbreak caused the temporary removal of tomatoes from stores and restaurants across the United States and parts of Canada , [ 89 ] although other foods , including jalapeño and serrano peppers , may have been involved .
Nutrition
A tomato is 95 % water , contains 4 % carbohydrates and less than 1 % each of fat and protein ( table ) .
In a 100 gram amount , raw tomatoes supply 18 calories and are a moderate source of vitamin C ( 17 % of the Daily Value ) , but otherwise are absent of significant nutrient content ( table ) .
Potential health effects
No conclusive evidence indicates that the lycopene in tomatoes or in supplements affects the onset of cardiovascular diseases or cancer . [ 90 ] [ 91 ]
In the United States , supposed health benefits of consuming tomatoes , tomato products or lycopene to affect cancer cannot be mentioned on packaged food products without a qualified health claim statement . [ 92 ]
In a scientific review of potential claims for lycopene favorably affecting DNA , skin exposed to ultraviolet radiation , heart function and vision , the European Food Safety Authority concluded that the evidence for lycopene having any of these effects was inconclusive . [ 93 ]
Host plant
The Potato Tuber moth ( Phthorimaea operculella ) is an oligophagous insect that prefers to feed on plants of the family Solanaceae such as tomato plants .
Female P. operculella use the leaves to lay their eggs and the hatched larvae will eat away at the mesophyll of the leaf . [ 94 ]
In popular culture
On 30 August 2007 , 40,000 Spaniards gathered in Buñol to throw 115,000 kg ( 254,000 lb ) of tomatoes at each other in the yearly Tomatina festival . [ 95 ]
In Ontario , Canada , member of provincial parliament Mike Colle introduced a private member 's bill in March 2016 to name the tomato as the official vegetable of the province and to designate 15 July as Tomato Day , in order to acknowledge the tomato 's importance in Ontario 's agriculture . [ 96 ] [ 97 ]
The bill did not pass in the legislature and no official designations were made . [ 98 ]
Tomatoes thrown from a truck during the Spanish Tomatina festival .
Tomatoes have been designated the state vegetable of New Jersey .
Arkansas took both sides by declaring the South Arkansas Vine Ripe Pink Tomato both the state fruit and the state vegetable in the same law , citing both its culinary and botanical classifications .
In 2009 , the state of Ohio passed a law making the tomato the state 's official fruit .
Tomato juice has been the official beverage of Ohio since 1965 .
Alexander W. Livingston , of Reynoldsburg , Ohio , played a large part in popularizing the tomato in the late 19th century ; his efforts are commemorated in Reynoldsburg with an annual Tomato Festival .
Flavr Savr was the first commercially grown genetically engineered food licensed for human consumption . [ 99 ]
The town of Buñol , Spain , annually celebrates La Tomatina , a festival centered on an enormous tomato fight .
Tomatoes are a popular " nonlethal " throwing weapon in mass protests , and there was a common tradition of throwing rotten tomatoes at bad performers on a stage during the 19th century ; today this is usually referenced as a metaphor .
Embracing it for this protest connotation , the Dutch Socialist party adopted the tomato as their logo .
The US city of Reynoldsburg , Ohio calls itself " The Birthplace of the Tomato " , claiming the first commercial variety of tomato was bred there in the 19th century . [ 39 ]
Several US states have adopted the tomato as a state fruit or vegetable ( see above ) .
" Rotten Tomatoes " is an American review - aggregation website for film and television .
The name " Rotten Tomatoes " derives from the practice of audiences throwing rotten tomatoes when disapproving of a poor stage performance .
" Rotten Tomatoes " took the tomato metaphor further by rating films as Certified Fresh if they got a score of 75 % or higher , Fresh for films with a score of 60 % or higher that do not meet the requirements for the Certified Fresh seal , and Rotten for films with a score of 0 – 59 % .
See also
References
4:06 pm
Center for Biological Diversity
100,000 Letters Support Protecting Grand Canyon From Uranium Mining
3:36 pm
People For the American Way ( PFAW )
Report Exposes Campaign of Racial Attacks From Far Right
3:32 pm
Institute for Public Accuracy ( IPA )
Italian Court Convicts Operatives : What About the Higher - Ups ?
3:17 pm
Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington
CREW Asks for Investigation Into Why Wall Street Is Getting H1N1 Vaccine Ahead of Those Who Most Need It
3:15 pm
Earthjustice
Gulf Coast Communities Praise EPA Plan to Limit PVC Plant Pollution
3:13 pm
Food & Water Watch
Proposed Carlsbad Desalination Project to Cost Up to Three Times More Than Claimed
3:11 pm
Oxfam International
EU Says Hopes Are Fading for a Legally Binding Climate Deal in Copenhagen
3:08 pm
Food & Water Watch
Ohio Elections Commission Pursues Frivolous Case Against Consumer Group
3:07 pm
Rainforest Action Network ( RAN )
Forest Protection Still Missing in REDD Negotiations
BOSTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. federal prosecutors have charged a Massachusetts man with conspiracy to provide material support to terrorists , alleging he and co-conspirators traveled to the Middle East seeking training , discussed attacking a shopping center , and distributed videos promoting holy war .
Tarek Mehanna , 27 , from Sudbury , Massachusetts , was arrested at his home on Wednesday morning , officials said .
“ Mehanna and the co-conspirators had multiple conversations about obtaining automatic weapons and randomly shooting people in a shopping mall , and that the conversations went so far as to discuss the logistics of a mall attack , including coordination , weapons needed and the possibility of attacking emergency responders , ” the U.S. Justice Department said .
Mehanna had been previously indicted in January 2009 for making false statements to the Federal Bureau of Investigation and other officials in connection with a terrorism investigation , the Justice Department said in a news release .
Prosecutors allege that from 2001 to 2008 Mehanna conspired with a man named Ahmad Abousamra and others in an attempt to kill , kidnap or injure people in the United States .
The charges accuse Mehanna and co-conspirators of talking about their desire to participate in Islamist holy war and to die on the battlefield .
The case was based partly on information from two unnamed people described as cooperating witnesses .
Both Mehanna and Abousamra are believed to be U.S. citizens and Abousamra fled the country for Syria in 2006 after federal officials attempted to question him , acting U.S. Attorney Michael Loucks told a news conference in Boston .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
Mehanna was arrested about a year ago before boarding a plane at Logan International Airport in Boston and was later released on bail .
Loucks said Mehanna ’s arrest on Wednesday was unrelated to President Barack Obama ’s planned visit to Boston this weekend .
The case comes less than a month after an Afghan - born man , Najibullah Zazi , was accused of plotting a bomb attack against the United States .
Authorities say Zazi took a bomb - making course at an al Qaeda training camp in Pakistan , had bomb - making notes on his laptop computer and acquired bomb - making materials similar to those used in the 2005 London attacks .
Attorney General Eric
Holder has called that plot one of the most serious security threats to the United States since the September 11 , 2001 , attacks .
Zazi , an Afghan immigrant and permanent U.S. resident , was indicted last month on a charge of conspiracy to use weapons of mass destruction .
He pleaded not guilty and was ordered held in prison without bail .
At a preliminary hearing on his case in U.S. District Court on Wednesday , Mehanna did not enter a plea .
Speaking to reporters afterward his lawyer , J.W. Carney , did not say how his client would plead .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
Mehanna , who has pleaded not guilty to the previous charges against him , was led into a courtroom in handcuffs , wearing a full beard and a black sweatshirt .
When Judge Leo Sorokin suggested Mehanna stand up , he snapped back that “ I prefer not to . ”
After his father urged him to stand , Mehanna rose to his feet briskly and knocked his chair over , then stood with his hands in his pockets for the rest of the short hearing .
An FBI affidavit on the case says Mehanna and Abousamra came to know Daniel Maldonado , a New Hampshire man now serving a 10 - year sentence for getting al Qaeda military training .
According to the government , an unnamed cooperating witness approached Maldonado seeking automatic weapons for a possible attack that Mehanna and Abousamra were planning against an unnamed shopping mall in which they would “ randomly shoot people . ”
But Maldonado said he would be able to obtain only handguns and Mehanna and Abousamra abandoned the plan , a court filing states .
At another point , in 2003 , Mehanna , Abousamra and the unnamed cooperating witness discussed whether they could shoot or kill members of the U.S. executive branch , a court filing states .
Loucks said U.S. officials were never directly endangered by this .
Below is a YouTube clip featuring Elizabeth Warren , the chair of Congress ’ oversight panel of TARP ( the Troubled Asset relief Program ) , the bailout started by Hank Paulson and passed by Congress .
In it she talks about her fears regarding the lack of real regulatory reform in the world of finance and how this is setting up the destruction of the middle class in America .
Her argument about the shaking down of the middle class is the same one I made in the post about greed .
She has long been a champion of the middle class .
I recommend the compelling book she wrote with her daughter called “ The Two Income Trap , ” which gets at the heart of why middle class families have become so indebted in the United States .
I do n’t think Warren is out to score political points ( at least not against the Obama Administration as she is a Democrat ) .
But , she is not convinced the Administration is committed to reform and has decided to speak out to help encourage a greater will to reform .
To be fair , I should point out that progress on this front was made today in OTC derivatives .
And Larry Summers has been waxing prosaically about the middle class as well .
But , her depiction of earlier conversations with Tim Geithner are tellingregarding her worries ( H/T Zero Hedge ) .
I wonder how big this group of " concerned stockholders " is :
" Concerned Disney
stockholders have submitted a shareholder resolution asking the Walt Disney
Company to include the prohibition of discrimination based on ex-gay status in
its sexual orientation policy and diversity training programs .
' The
resolution cites the need for diversity and equality in the workplace , ' said
Regina Griggs , executive director of Parents and Friends of Ex- Gays & Gays
( PFOX ) .
The supporting statement for the resolution explains that , ' Disney 's exclusion
of ex-gays from its sexual orientation policy and programs reinforces the
second - class status of ex-gays , and contributes to the negative perceptions
and discrimination against former homosexuals .'
The resolution also cites a recent judicial decision issued for the Nation's
Capital by the Superior Court of the District of Columbia .
In that case ,
brought by PFOX , the Court ruled that former homosexuals are a protected class
that must be recognized under sexual orientation non-discrimination laws .
The
Court held that , under the D.C. Human Rights
Act , sexual orientation does not
require immutable characteristics . "
PFOX is the nutty group that just declared hate crime laws to be " anti- ex - gay " .
And I see they 're still spinning their remarkable court defeat as a victory .
Hopefully , Disney will see beyond this horseshit and take the stance of the American Psychological Association and tell these misguided and dangerous people to " explore
possible life paths that address the reality of their sexual
orientation . "
By Houshang Sepehr
International Viewpoint -- September 2009 --
What is happening in Iran is a spontaneous , ingenious and independent revolt by a people frustrated by thirty years of tyranny by an obscurantist , religious regime , a revolt that was unleashed by electoral fraud .
The present situation is only the result of a long and complex process which has been taking place inside the regime , a deep crisis , located on the one hand at the summit of the governing circles and within the ruling class , and on the other hand within Iranian society .
This conjuncture has opened up a space for an authentic mass movement to replace the Islamic regime by a secular , democratic , social and modern republic .
The character of the movement
Apart from a section of the faction in power , a few cynics and partisans of conspiracy theories , to which some confused leftist groups and personalities have unfortunately been attracted , nobody doubts that the people of Iran , in their overwhelming majority , have strongly and clearly expressed their desire to finish with the present political system .
Since the so - called “ reformist ” faction wasted invaluable time and missed its one occasion , it is the whole Islamic system , and not only the conservatives , which is being challenged .
In Iran nobody believes a word of the government propaganda which proclaims that the protests that followed the announcement of the results of the presidential election were organised from outside Iran .
This crisis has all the aspects of a total bankruptcy of the Islamic Republic .
For the last thirty years , in order to survive its crises and mask its fall , the regime has constantly invoked foreign threats , real or imaginary .
On the other hand , in the West certain left “ analysts ” declare that the crowds of demonstrators in the streets of Tehran and other cities come from the best - off layers of the urban middle - class and that Moussavi is their political representative .
According to them Ahmadinejad continues to have strong support among the overwhelming majority of the population in poor urban and rural areas .
These alleged analysts know nothing about the class structure of Iranian company , nor about the nature of the Islamic Republic , nor what was at stake in this election , nor its consequences for the future of the country , nor the facts concerning the results of the election .
It seems necessary , before going into the details of what happened during the campaign , the presidential election of 2009 and the massive protests which followed it , to give an outline of Iranian society and of the regime that holds power .
The structural paradox of the political system
On the sociological level Iran is one of the best educated societies in the region : a rate of illiteracy lower than 10 per cent , more than 2.5 million students ( of whom 51 per cent are women ) in higher education , out of a total population of approximately 70 million which is very young ( more than 60 per cent are under 30 ) .
More than 70 per cent of the population live in urban centres .
This country is ruled by a dictatorial and medieval political - legal system .
With the aim of regulating the private and public life of citizens , the Constitution and the various laws are governed by a rigid interpretation of Islam which in general does not leave the slightest place for democracy and makes very few concessions to women and young people .
On the political level , it is a system characterised by an unparalleled degree of dichotomy , a theocratic regime behind a republican mask .
The author of this article has given a detailed description elsewhere of the political system of the Islamic Republic of Iran [ 1 ] .
In short , on one side there is a theocracy which reigns without elections and holds power in all fields :
The Supreme Guide ( the representative of God on Earth , designated by the Assembly of Experts , a body composed of clerics , who have themselves been carefully chosen and elected following a complex procedure which leaves little choice to the people ) .
The Council of the Guardians of the Constitution ( 12 clerics appointed by the Supreme Guide ) : this is the regime ’s watchdog , which supervises the conformity with Islam of the laws of the parliament and the designation of the candidates authorised to stand for election to parliament and to the presidency of the republic ;
The Assembly of Experts which designates the Supreme Guide ;
The Expediency Council which settles cases of litigation between the Islamic Parliament and the Council of Guardians ;
The legal system guarantees that the Islamic laws are applied ; it is controlled by ultra-conservative clerics .
Its head is named by the Supreme Guide , to whom he is personally responsible ;
The armed forces include the Guardians of the Islamic Revolution ( GIR , Pasdarans , the regime ’s ideological army ) and the traditional armies .
The main leaders of the armies and the Guardians of the Revolution are appointed by the Supreme Guide and are accountable to him alone .
The Guardians of the Revolution have the role of combating those who are opposed to the Islamic revolution .
They control the paramilitary militiamen ( Bassiji ) who operate in every town and city .
On the other side there are the elective functions : the President of the Republic and the members of the Islamic Parliament ( Majlis ) .
All the laws adopted by the parliament must be judged compatible both with the constitution and , especially , with Islam by the highly conservative Council of Guardians .
The members of the government are appointed by the president .
The Supreme Guide is very much involved in all questions related to defence , security and foreign policy .
It is clear that this system in no way resembles a republic .
We can call it a caliphate ( 90 per cent ) disguised as a republic ( 10 per cent ) .
From the beginning of the Islamic revolution these two obviously contradictory aspects of the system – theocratic and elective – have often been the cause of tensions .
The first president of the Islamic Republic , Bani-Sadr , was removed from office in 1981 by the Ayatollah Khomeini following major dissensions .
In 1997 , Khatami , an “ Islamic reformist ” who claimed to want to open out to civil society and to make possible a well - controlled participation of certain layers of society in the second - level political decisions of the country , was elected to the presidency .
Both the Supreme Guide and the hierarchy of the Army of Pasdarans saw this as a threat to their interests .
The elective dimension of the system entered into conflict with its theocratic dimension during the eight years of Khatami ’s presidency .
The majority of the laws adopted by the parliament dominated by the “ Islamic reformists ” were rejected by the Council of Guardians , dominated by the conservatives .
Since the accession to the presidency of Ahmadinejad in 2005 , the essential task of the tandem formed by the Supreme Guide and the Army of the Pasdarans ( represented in the person of Ahmadinejad ) has aimed at neutralising the elective dimension by attacking on three fronts simultaneously .
First of all by manipulating certain key parts of the state apparatus in order to reduce their ability to act autonomously in support of the president ’s authority .
This involved , among others , the dissolution of the Planning Organisation ( which allocates the budget of the state ) , the disorganisation of the central bank ( which governs monetary policy ) and the reorganisation of the executive and administrative system of the state in order to reduce the autonomy of ministers .
Other measures , no less important than the preceding ones , consisted of ensuring and consolidating the absolute hegemony of the Army of Pasdarans in the political and economic domains .
Today 30 per cent of the members of parliament , a third of the ministers , the heads of key organisations of state such as radio and television , the majority of the mayors , prefects , regional governors , etc. , come from the Army of Pasdarans .
The third objective consists of gradually eliminating what remains of the elective dimension of the system so that the Islamic regime is from now on a total theocracy , an “ Islamic state ” without a republican dimension .
During his first term of office Ahmadinejad partially succeeded in carrying out this triple project by repressing the social movements ( in particular those of women , workers and non-Persian people but also the student movement , already weakened under Khatami ) .
At the end of his first term of office , Ahmadinejad managed to curb the state apparatus and to lay the basis of the total hegemony of the ruling bloc , formed by the Supreme Guide and a faction of the Army of Pasdarans .
The presidential election of 2009 was intended to complete the work of the outgoing president so as to definitively exorcise the spectre of a presidency that would be autonomous in relation to the theocracy which the Supreme Guide incarnates .
But major differences existed in these new elections , which upset the plans of the duo in power , plans which were neither more nor less than a creeping coup d’état .
[ 2 ]
These plans consisted of having the outgoing president triumphantly elected , in order to ensure an international legitimacy for him , faced with a new US presidency , and also to provide Ahmadinejad with a domestic stature in order to subdue the contestation within the elite of the regime ( the pragmatist camp of Rafsanjani and the minority of the reformers ) .
All the more so as in the eyes of the dominant faction of the regime , a victory of the “ reformist ” candidate Moussavi , coinciding with a new administration in the United States , threatened to reduce , although temporarily , surface tensions with the US , depriving the Islamic regime of its convenient external scapegoat .
That was unacceptable .
Ahmadinejad is not Chavez !
Ahmadinejad is a leader of the far right who has sought , as the clergy did during the revolution in 1979 , to gain the support of the masses by resorting to a nationalist , populist and Third - Worldist demagogy that some left - wingers in the West , naively and sometimes stupidly , confuse with anti-imperialism and an orientation favourable to the poorest layers in society .
The support of President Chavez of Venezuela is , in their eyes , the proof of it -- as for the support of Moscow , Beijing and North Korea to Ahmadinejad , they forget about that !
However the diplomatic support of Chavez cannot be a criterion in our analysis of the government of Ahmadinejad .
The relation between the two countries , as two oil exporters , is determined by the search for an alliance within OPEC .
A very brief comparison between the situation in Venezuela and the real conditions of the Iranian people , under the government of Ahmadinejad , can clarify the profoundly different nature of these two regimes .
In Venezuela , under Chavez ’s regime , trade union organisations and militant workers ’ struggles are developing , workers can occupy abandoned companies and manage them under workers ’ control .
In Iran on the contrary , workers have neither the right to join a union nor the right to strike -- and when they defy these undemocratic laws , they are exposed to the most brutal repression .
During Ahmadinejad ’s first term of office workers faced wholesale attacks from the capitalists and also from their government .
Among these attacks , we must recall the new anti-worker labour code of Ahmadinejad .
Not a week goes by without protest actions such as strikes , demonstrations , meetings and sit-ins by workers , teachers , nurses , etc .
For example in 2006 , when 3000 Tehran bus drivers took the initiative of organising a trade union , the government responded by brutal repression and massive sackings .
Trade union leaders were also attacked by the police -- including the general secretary of the union , Mr. Ossalou .
First of all they savagely tortured him and then condemned him to five years ’ imprisonment .
He has been in prison since 2007 .
After the spectacle of televised debates during the recent electoral campaign , since August 2 , 2009 , the regime has been putting on another spectacle .
This is the opening of the trial of those whom the regime describes as “ fomenters of disorders and participants in a velvet revolution ” , whom it accuses of being a danger to the security of the state , etc .
Among the accused we again find Mr. Ossalou , in the role of an agent of imperialism , accused of having sought organise a revolution on behalf of foreign powers … from inside prison !
When , on May 1 , 2007 , trade union activists tried to organise a demonstration in Santander , the police brutally repressed them .
Eleven leaders were condemned to be whipped and to pay a fine .
When 2000 worker activists tried to organise a demonstration on May 1 this year , in Tehran , the police savagely repressed them .
150 of them were arrested ( of whom some are still in prison ) .
Millions of Iranian workers have not received any wages for months .
When they try to organise , the police repress them .
Intimidation , dismissal , arrest , imprisonment and torture of working - class activists and trade unionists are common practices in the Islamic Republic .
But these attacks have accelerated under the presidency of Ahmadinejad .
This regime and its president are not only anti-women and anti-youth , they are above all anti-worker .
In 2008 and 2009 there were days of solidarity with Iranian workers , organised by the majority of trade unions on the international level .
In Venezuela , the Chavez regime has stopped the process of privatisation of state enterprises and nationalised a certain number of private companies .
In Iran , on the contrary , Ahmadinejad has accelerated the privatisation of state enterprises .
Since 2007 , in less than two years , more than 400 important companies have been privatised , including telecommunications , the Mobarakeh steel works in Ispahan , the petrochemical complex of the same city , the Kurdistan Cement Company .
Among them figure the majority of banks , insurance companies , oil and gas companies .
Ahmadinejad was congratulated by the International Monetary Fund , the organisation which manages the business of the world capitalist system , for the good behaviour of his government .
This is unprecedented , something which was never seen before , neither under the present regime nor under the former regime of the Shah .
The balance sheet of Ahmadinejad
The well - programmed collapse of agricultural production obliged Iran to buy 1.18 million tons of corn in the United States between 2008 and 2009 and to import enormous quantities of sugar , equivalent to 10 years ’ consumption by the country .
This took place whereas until recently Iran was the third sugar exporter in the world and the country was self - sufficient in corn .
But it served to promote imports , which was beneficial to the mullahs engaged in the import trade .
Iran is the second - largest oil producer in the world and possesses 10 per cent of confirmed world oil reserves .
The country has also the second - biggest reserves of natural gas .
Having built the first and the largest refinery in the world , Iran was an exporter of petrol .
Today , the lack of refineries forces the country to import 40 per cent of its internal consumption , to a value of US $ 4 billion in 2008 .
Foreign direct investment in Iran attained a record $ 10.2 billion in 2007 , against $ 4.2 billion in 2005 and $ 2 million in 1994 .
Foreign transactions with Iran rose to $ 150 billion between 2000 and 2007 .
Twenty European countries , in particular Germany , France , the United Kingdom , Italy , the Netherlands and Spain , have invested more than $ 10.9 billion in Iran .
Canadian and US companies are also involved in economic projects in Iran , to a value of more than $ 1.4 billion .
Among the US companies is Halliburton , one of whose principal shareholders is former US vice - president Dick Cheney , who claimed to want to attack Iran !
Halliburton , in spite of the trade sanctions against Iran , has this year sold more than $ 40 million worth of equipment in the field of oil exploitation .
A final example , in 2008 the amount of direct exports of the United States to Iran doubled compared to the previous year .
All that took place during the first presidential term of Ahmadnejad .
In the economic domain , under the presidency of Ahmadinejad , the Pasdarans have reinforced their immense financial empire , which is autonomous of the government .
They have taken control of sectors of production , distribution and trade .
Via various foundations -- their economic arms , which are legally outside of control by the government and accountable only to the Supreme Guide , without passing through legal procedures , such as invitations to tender -- the Pasdarans obtain concessions running into billions of dollars , for the construction of pipelines but also to collect part of the revenues from Iranian oil through the company Petropars .
No financially profitable field escapes them , neither drug trafficking ( a market of $ 10 billion in 2006 ) , nor even the sex trade and prostitution networks for the petro-monarchies of the Gulf .
Last example : a few months ago , in the middle of the economic crisis of the world capitalist system , the Saipa complex , the second - biggest car manufacturer in Iran , whose majority shareholder is the Army of Pasdarans , ordered from Chrysler 55,000 cars to be assembled in Iran .
The chairperson of this enormous industrial complex is only 25 years old and was appointed by Ahmadinejad in person !
The goal of the operation was to take part in the rescue of Chrysler and above all to give a sign of the good behaviour of Ahmadinejad ’s Iran .
According to official data , Iran has a level of poverty of around 21 per cent of the population , which means that 16.5 million people live under the poverty threshold .
But according to a United Nations report 550,000 children exist on less than a dollar a day and 35.5 per cent of the population earn $ 2 a day , whereas the poverty threshold is fixed at $ 650 per month .
So we reach a figure of 40 per cent and not 21 per cent .
These statistics correspond to the period when the price of oil had tripled .
The economic policy of Ahmadinejad during his first term of office was catastrophic : inflation was higher than 25 per cent per annum , unemployment affected 40 per cent of the active population , we witnessed the regression of the productive system and poverty cruelly affected the most fragile layers of the population .
An official study in 2006 showed that Iran had 3.2 million drug addicts , of whom 60 per cent were between 14 and 16 years old .
Even though the government of Ahmadinejad criticises US imperialism and the Zionist regime in Israel , with the aim of diverting the attention of the masses from domestic problems , it is not even consistent in its fight against this enemy .
The agreement and the collaboration of the Iranian government for the US occupation of Iraq and Afghanistan are well - known facts .
In Iraq , instead of supporting a unified national liberation struggle , the Iranian regime played a key role in dividing Iraqis .
Admittedly , Rafsanjani and Khatami are representatives of liberal capitalism , pro-Western and pro-imperialist , but in this race Ahmadinejad and the faction of the regime which he represents are the champions and have already overtaken them .
The difference between these two gangs of mafiosi is that the demagogy of one of them , in a position of weakness , takes up the language of “ democracy ” while the others use the demagogy of “ anti-imperialism ” .
The Iranian spring in the midst of a medieval winter
It is in this politically tense and economically disastrous context that the Iranian population had to take part in the joke that the Islamic regime calls “ presidential election ” .
The term “ election ” appears inappropriate insofar as the candidates are selected in advance by a council which gives an opinion on the level of their competences and their religious virtues .
The main role of these elections is to legitimate the unelected structures which hold power .
Consequently at each election , the regime makes frantic efforts to have a maximum of ballot papers in the ballot boxes .
This is a key point for understanding the significance of the electoral coup d’état orchestrated by Ahmadinejad and the Supreme Guide .
The elections allowed the various factions of the clergy and the inner circle of the regime to examine the legitimacy of their solutions , by reinforcing their weight in the hierarchy thanks to the electoral results .
Consequently , whereas the elections were by no means democratic for the population , they allowed great freedom for the whole of the clergy in power .
What it comes down to in fact is a form of internal democracy within the ruling class . [ 3 ]
Given the ferocity of the repression , the people of Iran , deprived of the right of expression , use the competition between the factions to manoeuvre and obtain a certain respite .
They have done this alternatively by voting or by boycotting the elections .
There was a massive turn - out to elect Khatami in 1997 ( his rival being the official candidate of the regime , it was de facto a referendum against the regime ) , and a massive boycott of the Majlis elections in 2004 ( when almost all the reformist candidates were rejected ) .
In this election Ahmadinejad , in alliance with a section of the GIR and a handful of mullahs , essentially wanted to deprive the clergy of its power to use the elections as an instrument to increase the power base of its particular factions within the regime .
This did not come out of nowhere .
Elections had been systematically organised in the course of the last 15 years , after the end of the end Iran - Iraq war , to take or not take control of all the organs of state , elective or not .
In parallel the military - security apparatus became an important economic force in the country .
Among 475 possible candidates to the presidency of the Islamic Republic only four were selected by the Council of Guardians : Moussavi , former prime minister ( between 1981 and 1988 ) , candidate of the reformers ; Ahmadinejad , president in office who sought to obtain a second term ; Karroubi , former president of the Islamic Parliament ; Rezaii , former commander of the Pasdarans .
Ahmadinejad and Moussavi each represented a faction of the regime and the other two had walk - on parts in the big show .
The “ reformist ” candidate Moussavi is no better than his adversaries .
He was prime minister in the 1980s , at the time of the massacre of 30,000 left activists .
All of a sudden , he has discovered that the Islamic Republic -- to which he is not opposed , fundamentally -- needs to be “ reformed ” , i.e. to undergo some minor changes , so that everything may remain as it was before .
The opposition between Ahmadinejad and Moussavi is the opposition between two factions of a reactionary regime who are envisaging opposed strategies to save the present regime : one wants to make reforms at the top in order to avoid a revolution from below ; the other fears that reforms at the top may unleash a revolution from below .
In order to better understand the strategy of the regime for the 2009 elections it is necessary to stress that the 2005 elections did not lead to mass involvement , after the immense disenchantment of the Iranian people during the eight years of Khatami ’s so - called “ reformist ” presidency ( 1997-2005 ) .
With a very populist demagogic discourse , the candidate Ahmadinejad made the most extravagant promises in order to attract the voters .
By defrauding moderately ( a few million votes ) , he managed to win the elections , against the other four candidates chosen among more than a thousand applicants .
The masquerade of the 2009 presidential election is of a quite different nature .
Everything was done to maintain the appearance of a democratic election between the four candidates from within the regime , screened by the Council of Guardians .
To win back confidence , or rather to win back votes lost in advance , the Guide - Ahmadinejad faction changed tactics and modified the rules of the game .
During the period of the electoral campaign relatively free televised debates were organised , new newspapers were authorised to appear .
During the period of conflict around the nuclear program the regime needed to demonstrate its legitimacy to the “ international community ” .
Since it was unaware of the level of dissatisfaction and opposition which exists in the country , a spectacular show of televised debates was organised two weeks before the poll , an event never seen in the 30 years of existence of the regime .
The press and the media of the reformist faction benefited from relative freedom , of short duration .
Within the framework of the existing order , each of the four candidates was allowed to expose the weak points of their adversaries .
Corruption , incompetence , lies and deception were the noblest accusations , and even Ahmadinejad , certain of the support of Khamenei , crossed the usual red lines .
His target was Rafsanjani , former president and rival of the Supreme Guide , whose fortune is colossal .
But the elite of the regime , in both of the factions , underestimated the level of hatred and anger among the young people , women and workers who compose more than 80 per cent of the population .
This debate among the candidates was the straw that broke the camel ’s back of the people ’s anger , accumulated during the last 30 years .
The televised debates played a crucial role in the promotion of Moussavi against the outgoing president .
Whereas Ahmadinejad blithely denied the extent of inflation , unemployment , the decline in the economy and corruption , Moussavi underlined the scale of the disasters caused during the first term of the outgoing president .
The latter was perceived as being cynical , arrogant and a liar by the vast majority of viewers , while his opponent , who during the past two decades had had no political responsibility in the regime , seemed the least bad of the four .
Ahmadinejad even went so far as to attack Moussavi ’s wife , something which viewers found intolerable .
He accused some eminent members of the political elite , including Rafsanjani , of corruption , whereas during the whole of his presidency , he had provided the judicial system with no reliable evidence against those he incriminated .
In reality most Iranians were already aware of the enormous wealth , accumulated by corruption , of Rafsanjani and his family .
It was the foreign accounts of close relatives of Khamenei ( including his son , whose personal account containing 1.6 billion pounds was blocked in London ) and diagrams showing the key financial positions occupied by Ahmadinejad ’s entourage , that decredilbilised this conservative candidate , a demagogue and a liar , who was the favourite of the dominant faction of the regime .
Television debates thus played a fundamental role , not only for the massive participation of Iranians , especially young people and women , who went to vote against Ahmadinejad , but also to break the wall of fear that reigned in Iranian society in previous years .
This side effect was much more important than the debates themselves .
This new situation , of capital importance , added to the exceptional circumstances of this pre-election period .
For a few weeks an intense socialisation , of a character that was festive , emotional , exuberant , in a word , revolutionary , took place in the streets .
It is interesting to note that since those days a daily newspaper entitled Khiaban ( The Street ) has been published illegally by young revolutionary Marxists .
Groups of young people began to take to the streets , thirsting for freedom and making their voices heard .
They stayed late into the night discussing among themselves .
Groups of economists , sociologists , artists , university professors and well - known intellectuals , and also workers , became active in this pre-election period , denouncing the populist demagogy of Ahmadinejad .
Having no other choice , a large majority of Iranians was forced to vote for Moussavi , in whom they saw the negation of the entire regime .
On June 12 , 2009 , the day of the elections , there was a massive turn out , exceeding the hopes of the partisans of the regime ( more than 39 million people voted , out of a potential 46 million voters ) .
But the day after the elections there was a rude shock : it was announced that the outgoing president had been elected by 63 per cent of the population , against Moussavi who had only received half as many votes as him .
In the eyes of a large part of public opinion , everything pointed to massive fraud , backed up at the top of the state in a clumsy manner that did not even comply with the basic rules of verification ( ten days for the filing of complaints ) .
Three hours after the closure of the polls , the Iranian Interior Ministry had called Moussavi ’s headquarters to congratulate him and ask him to prepare a victory speech .
Then suddenly , everything changed .
Several commanders of the Guardians of the Revolution ( GIR ) occupied and confiscated Moussavi ’s campaign headquarters .
Subsequently , the rigged election results were announced , triggering a wave of protests .
It is obvious that Khamenei , surrounded by subordinate advisors , underestimated the anger of the people caused by the rigged election result .
Otherwise he would have chosen a more modest percentage for the " victory " of Ahmadinejad .
But in order to establish Ahmadinejad as a truly legitimate leader of the Iranians , Khamenei needed a vote higher than the 20 million obtained by Khatami in 1997 .
Looking back , we may think that it was perhaps possible that the Islamic system could be saved if the regime had just been content with an Ahmadinejad victory by a smaller margin , or even a second round .
Alternatively , a Moussavi presidency -- in spite of the problem posed by his exaggerated promises of individual freedom in a religious state -- would certainly have extended the life of the Islamic regime for a few years , until another generation of Iranian youth turned its back on empty promises of reform and revolted against the cowardice and the reluctance to change of " modernist Islamists . "
The three weeks which preceded the elections have been called by some people the " Iranian spring " .
People -- especially youth and women -- experienced a period of a break with repression , with Islamist ideology , theocratic phraseology and Sharia law .
In a word , a break with everything that Ahmadinejad embodies .
They were able to taste freedom of expression and discover democratic demonstrations .
Those days have profoundly shaken the symbolic foundations of Islamist power : fear was replaced by audacity , mourning by a festival spirit and individualism by solidarity .
The regime has opened a Pandora ’s Box – the set - up that it organised turned against it .
This electoral scenario was a concession to the people and the regime believed erroneously that it would be temporary .
In fact , once it had tasted the forbidden fruit , with the blessing of the regime , the population was ready to fight to make it permanent .
This totally escaped the Islamist state , all of its factions , including the " reformists " , who believed that the new generations were passive and docile .
They proved be quite the contrary .
Once the results were announced , it quickly became clear that Moussavi is a weak character and his popularity steadily declined , because he was trying to catch the mass movement by the tail in order to control it so that it would not go beyond the legal framework of the system .
Moussavi ( in reality the faction of the regime that he represents ) finds himself , without having wanted to , in the eye of a cyclone of historic dimensions .
And if this faction is losing its privileges , it now has no choice but to follow this human tide .
It says that the supreme leader is illegitimate .
His credibility as a religious authority has been and remains low .
Now his credibility as a supreme leader is also compromised .
No doubt Moussavi is not Khomeini .
But Khamenei looks increasingly like the Shah or rather like a Caliph .
But what is the real power behind this rigged presidential election , referred to as an " electoral coup d’état " by the Moussavi camp ?
It is generally considered that as commander - in - chief of the armed forces of Iran , the Supreme Guide Ayatollah Khamenei , is the leader of this coup d’état .
But the reality is more complex .
Since the arrival in power of Ahmadinejad in 2005 , the commanders the Guardians of the Islamic Revolution ( GIR ) have missed no opportunity to talk of an " internal threat " against the revolution .
Furthermore , a few days before the elections of June 12 , the head of the political department of the GIR charged Moussavi and other reformers with attempting a ``colour revolution ''
( Moussavi has used green , the colour of Shia Islam , as symbol of his campaign ) and warned that the Pasdarans " would asphyxiate it before it was even born " .
The authors of this " coup d ’ état " are in fact members of the high command of the GIR .
Who are the Pasdarans ?
The present members of the Pasdarans were about twenty years old at the time of the Iranian revolution of 1978 - 1979 .
They joined the GIR almost immediately after the revolution and conducted two ferocious wars in the 1980s : against the army of Saddam Hussein , who had invaded Iran in September 1980 , and against the opponents of the regime inside the country , such as the left groups and the People ’s Mujahedeen .
In June 1981 , the GIR carried out a bloody battle against them , killing tens of thousands , and forced tens of thousands of opponents of the regime to go into exile .
During the war with Iraq ( 1981 - 1988 ) , the GIR were also used by the regime as the key instrument to impose severe political repression in Iran , with as a result the physical elimination from the Iranian scene of all the secular political groups .
That was done to permit the installation of a capitalist - religious dictatorship .
Immediately after the end of the war with Iraq thousands of political prisoners were savagely executed with the agreement of the Pasdarans .
Ayatollah Khomeini died in June 1989 and these young Pasdarans then split into two camps .
In the camp of the so - called “ Islamic left ” it was felt that , with the aim of avoiding a revolution , the regime needed a policy of opening out and should put an end to the fierce repression of the 1980s .
Many members of this group came from the intelligence services and were consequently perfectly aware of what was happening in society , feeling the danger of a social explosion and a revolution .
Their vision was to reform the system within the Islamic framework in order to save the regime .
They became “ reformist Islamists ” .
Thus the reformist faction was born and Khatami , spokesperson of its moderate wing , became President of the Republic in 1997 .
The Pasdarans of the opposite camp were very conservative and remained in the GIR after the war .
Ahmadinejad and his government team belong to this camp .
In parallel another phenomenon developed .
After the death of Ayatollah Khomeini another concept of “ Islamic state ” , even more reactionary that of Khomeini , started to reappear with the emergence of the ultra- reactionary Islamist group called the “ Hojjatiyeh society ” .
It had been founded in the 1950s and was savagely opposed to the Baha ’i faith and to Sunni Islam .
It had even collaborated with the secret services of the Shah to fight against the propagation of communism in Iran .
It had also been also opposed to the revolution of 1979 and the concept of velayat - e - faqih ( government of the Islamic jurists ) developed by Khomeini , which is the base of the Constitution of the Islamic Republic of Iran and its political system .
Khomeini prohibited Hojjatiyeh in 1983 .
Its current chief is the Ayatollah Mesbah , an ultra-reactionary cleric who is a partisan of the hard line , and who has openly opposed any elections .
He is the spiritual leader of Ahmadinejad .
Among the disciples of the Ayatollah Mesbah , we find the majority of the ministers of the present government , a good number of the high commanders of the GIR and their Bassiji militia , the paramilitary arm of the GIR , as well as members of the judicial hierarchy .
Since he was elected president in 2005 , Ahmadinejad has used on many occasions the words of the Ayatollah Mesbah , speaking about the “ Islamic State of Iran ” rather than the “ Islamic Republic of Iran ” .
Two weeks before the elections Mesbah published a fatwa -- whose contents were revealed by certain members of the Ministry of the Interior -- authorising the use of all means to get Ahmadinejad re-elected and thus giving a green light to the rigging of the elections .
The theocratic vision of “ the Islamic state ” propagated by Hojjatiyeh corresponds well to the political ambitions of the GIR .
Today the dominant conservative faction of the regime is based on the alliance between a handful of mullahs from Hojjatiyeh and members of the high command of the GIR .
It is true that on the political level the role played by the GIR in Iran in the past was far from having the importance of that played by the army in Turkey or in Pakistan .
But the evolution of the political scene and the increasingly dominant weight of the GIR testify to its accelerated rise at the expense of the clergy .
A capitalist regime using extreme populist nationalist slogans , ruling the country by the terror exercised by the bands of hooligans of the militia , wishing to be acclaimed by a public that is not authorised to organise itself in any form other than that which is dictated from on high , having moreover militarist ambitions …
Where have we seen that before ?
Who are the millions of demonstrators ?
The day after the election , on June 13 , while Moussavi ’s camp hesitated to react to the results , students and left - wing activists were the first to take the streets of Tehran .
They were joined by demonstrators from the working - class districts of the suburbs of Tehran , which hate Ahmadinejad .
In fact , from the beginning of this summer , workers ( who experienced a considerable drop in their standard of living during the last three years ) , unemployed youth and students ( who have suffered four years of police presence in the campuses ) were at the head of the protests .
Young women in particular hate the regime for its constant interference in their daily life .
By their presence in the streets of Tehran early on June 15 , they encouraged hundreds of thousands of Tehran residents ( including people coming from the middle classes ) to join the demonstrators .
All that very much encouraged Moussavi to take part in the demonstration himself late in the afternoon .
They continued to demonstrate even after the repression had intensified .
In the absence of a clear directive on the part of Moussavi or the other candidate qualified as reformist , Mehdi Karroubi , it was they who launched a call for the demonstrations of July 9 , the anniversary of the bloody repression of the student movement of 1999 .
Nobody can doubt the significance of June 15 , 2009 .
For years Iranians remained isolated , demoralised and fearful in the face of the regime .
According to the mayor of Tehran , approximately three million people were in the streets of the capital .
In Ispahan , the historic Shah Jahan square ( one of the biggest squares in the world ) was black with protesters .
The towns of Shiraz and Tabriz saw demonstrations of unprecedented size .
The Iranians had finally spoken and the solidarity which they found in these protests gave them unprecedented confidence and the feeling of victory .
As in 1979 , it is this confidence which encouraged them to confront the most brutal forms of repression with audacity and determination .
Unarmed demonstrators faced the Bassiji , apparently without fear for their lives .
During a protest in a shantytown in the suburbs of Tehran , where the regular battles with the authorities of those who live beyond the official boundary of Tehran had led to the deployment of the Bassiji , the crowd shouted “ death to the dictator ! ” , attacked the Bassiji and successful drove out them out of the town , making them abandon their motor bikes .
That also happened in the working - class districts of Tehran .
If the middle - class districts of Tehran were quiet during the day ( at night people go up onto the roofs all over the city and launch slogans against the regime ) , on the other hand the working - class districts , the factories , the mines and the shantytowns were the scene of impromptu protests on a large scale .
At the head of those who defied fear and repression and invaded the streets of Tehran we find women ( a good many of them under 30 ) who will never forget how the Pasdarans stopped them because they were showing a wisp of hair and whipped them ( in many cases 60 to 80 lashes ) , young people , men and women , who during the last twenty or thirty years have been stopped , humiliated and imprisoned not simply for having expressed a political opinion , but in hundreds of thousands of cases , for not adhering to strict interpretations of Islamic dress rules or codes of behaviour .
Those people will never forget the morality squads .
This is also the case with students who have had enough of the interference of the state in every aspect of their private and public lives , of workers who face poverty , non-payment of wages , unemployment , of the inhabitants of the shantytowns who are in permanent conflict with the authorities because of the lack of water or electricity , of the families of those who were killed by the regime , and not simply in the recent protests , in which at least 350 people lost their lives ; it is also the case of the families of more than 30,000 activists executed by the regime for their political ideas between 1981 and 1983 , and in the 1980s and 1990s ( and let us not forget that the torturers of more than 6000 political prisoners who were murdered in the prisons are to be found as much in the so - called reformist camp as in the conservative camp ) .
Nobody will forgive or forget the criminals who were responsible .
The divisions at the top opened a space for an authentic mass movement
To clarify the minds of our anti-imperialist sceptics , let us see what is the attitude of the vanguard of the Iranian working class .
During the electoral campaign , the majority of trade union and workers ’ organisations ( which are illegal ) did not call for a vote for any of the candidates , because , they explained , none of the candidates represented the interests of the workers .
This position was perfectly correct .
However , once the mass movement had begun , the Tehran bus drivers ’ trade union ( Vahed ) expressed its unequivocal support for the movement .
In the same way , the workers of Iran Khodro organised a half hour strike to support the movement .
On June 18 , the Tehran bus drivers ’ union published a communiqué .
This is one of the most militant sectors of the Iranian working class which , two years ago , faced brutal repression to defend its trade union rights .
Before the elections , the trade union had rightly declared that none of the candidates defended the interests of the Iranian workers .
But also correctly , it welcomes today “ the splendid movement of millions of people of all ages , all sexes , all religious affiliations and all nationalities ” .
The communiqué continues : “ We support this movement of the Iranian people to build a free and independent civil society -- and we condemn any violence and any repression ” .
What a difference between this declaration and the speeches of Moussavi and his reformists , even the most radical of them !
Still more significant is the mobilisation of the workers of the Iran Khodro factory , the biggest enterprise of the car industry in the whole of the Middle East ( 100,000 workers , including 30,000 in a single factory ) .
On June 18 they organised a strike action in support of the movement of the people .
Here is the full text of the communiqué announcing the strike :
We declare our solidarity with the movement of the people of Iran .
What we are seeing today is an insult to the intelligence of the people and to its vote .
The government is trampling on the principles of the Constitution .
It is our duty to join the movement of the people .
Today , Thursday June 18 , we , the workers of Iran Khodro , will cease work during half an hour to protest against the repression of students , workers and women .
We declare our solidarity with the movement of the people of Iran .
The day shift : from 10.00 to 10.30 .
The night shift : from 3.00 to 3.30 .
The workers of Iran Khodro .
These two declarations and the strike action of the workers of Khodro are very important .
They are two of the most combative sectors of the Iranian working class , and they are the vanguard of the trade union movement which is starting to re-emerge .
The idea of a general strike was raised , but not yet applied .
That is the decisive question .
In 1979 , it was the strike of the oil workers which dealt the final mortal blow in the long process of the overthrow of the Shah ’s regime .
On July 1 , thousands of workers in a mine in the province of Khuzestan went on strike and when the security forces arrived to disperse them , the workers shouted “ death to the dictator ! ” .
On July 5 the workers of the Haft Tapeh sugar cane factory went on strike again , accusing the authorities of not satisfying their previous demands .
The discussions about a strike continued and , three weeks after the beginning of the protests , an organisation called the Workers ’ Committee for the Defence of the Popular Protests published several communiqués concerning the organisation of the demonstrations , the security measures , the self - defence councils in the face of the attacks of the Bassiji and detailed suggestions concerning civil disobedience .
With every day that passes the two reformist candidates increasingly lose the support of the people .
After having waited two weeks , hoping for a breakthrough with the Council of Guardians , Karroubi , Moussavi and the former reformist president Khatami finally published a joint declaration denouncing the faked result of the election .
They refused to legitimate the new government .
However , ordinary Iranians are very furious with Moussavi who is conducting an “ ordinary quarrel between members of the same Islamic family ” .
Meanwhile , the ally of the reformists within the Assembly of Experts , Rafsanjani , was seeking the maximum number of votes in order to remove the Supreme Guide from office , or at least to exert pressure on him .
As always , the “ reformists ” realise that their destiny is really attached to the existence of the regime .
However by seeking solutions within the circles of power , while promising the impossible to the crowds in the streets , they are digging their own grave .
They know that in June 2009 they only received the support of many Iranians because the people chose the lesser evil .
Once the regime chose to put a stop to this limited occasion and slam the door , the days of the support for Moussavi and Karroubi are numbered .
However , nobody should underestimate the effect that this unprecedented schism will have at the top of the Islamic regime .
As already mentioned above , the Islamic Republic has a very complicated and unparalleled power structure .
Power is in the hands of complex networks of clerical , executive , legal , military and paramilitary circles .
Up to now all these forces , in spite of their factional differences and allegiances , obeyed the Supreme Guide .
In fact , throughout the thirty last years , the most important role played by Khomeini and his successor Khamenei , as Supreme Guide , was that of an all - powerful arbiter between the various factions of the regime .
On June 19 this year all that came to an end , when Khamenei declared the unambiguous validity of the results of the presidential election and took the side of Ahmadinejad .
It is thus correct to identify the Supreme Guide as the principal loser in the present situation .
The reformists are also losers .
With every passing day , their support within the population continues to diminish .
They have got themselves stuck in a trap by trying to save an Islamic order .
But there are also winners : the people of Iran , the demonstrators , those who every day risk their lives against the regime and its military and paramilitary forces .
The repression is ferocious .
However , it demonstrates the desperation of the regime .
The innovative manner in which Iranians on each occasion expressed their hatred of the present regime gave them hope and confidence , which assures them that the conflict in progress will finish with the overthrow of the regime .
It has created too many enemies for itself , particularly among young people , women , workers and the poor , for anyone to accept its continued existence .
The parents of those who have been arrested in recent demonstrations gather each midday outside the prisons , demanding the release of their children and other prisoners and claiming justice for those killed by the Bassiji in the streets or under torture in the prisons .
The majority of people not only refuse four more years for Ahmadinejad , but the regime in its totality has become in their eyes unbearable .
They will not stop their protests , with or without Moussavi and Karroubi .
Solidarity
The images of brutal repression against the youth , the workers and the women of Iran have provoked a wave of indignation , in the whole world .
The regime had its last chance of attracting the Iranian people with promises of an order that would be slightly less repressive , under cover of a Moussavi presidency .
It missed this opportunity .
Confronted with fierce repression inside the country and the permanent threat of a military attack , the kind of solidarity that the people of Iran certainly do not need is the kind offered by the imperialist states and their associates , of “ regime change ” inside the country .
The enemies of the workers -- in the camp of Moussavi , among the monarchists or in the confused left -- will seek the support of the European states and the government of the United States , while the defenders of the Iranian workers will remain vigilant in choosing their allies .
For the moment , the military - religious oligarchy , which has consolidated its power and its privileges , has stated very clearly that it wants an Islamic government where popular sovereignty is reduced to nothing .
Legitimacy drawn from divine power is sufficient unto itself .
This is the meaning of the speech by Khamenei on June 19 , 2009 .
This oligarchy will not allow itself to be deprived of its power .
But in the midst of all these events which are agitating Iran , one thing is certain .
From now on , it is too late to go into reverse .
All the elements show that the popular movement has established itself for the long haul , whatever the violence of the Bassiji militia , who come from the working class and are despised by the middle classes and those with higher education .
And cracks will emerge at the top .
Sooner or later a brutal military dictatorship of a divided “ mullahrchy ” , supported by legions of Bassiji militia will try to impose itself .
But this solution could not last .
This electoral coup d’état had two irreversible consequences for the Iranian people .
The first is the end of the fear of the people who were terrorised by the brutality of the regime which ruled for years in Iran .
The second consequence is to release the Iranians once and for all from all illusions as to the possibility of the regime being reformed .
When Moussavi asks people to stay inside their houses and , on the contrary , the people demonstrate in their millions , the reformists get a sharp slap in the face .
In fact , we have witnessed a spectacle in which “ reformists ” run after the people in order not to be pushed aside , and it is not the first time !
Then Moussavi and his team mate Karroubi had to appear in the following demonstrations , clearly desperate to be able to regain the initiative and to control the protest movement so that it does not cross the green line .
And at each stage they have struggled to keep up with popular anger .
The bloody repression of the demonstrators and the cowardice of the bourgeois reformists will push the reformists leaders further back and marginalise them .
The road is now open for the system in its totality to be defied from below .
The road will be long and difficult .
It is not difficult to see the reasons for that .
The regime has proved that it has no difficulty in imposing fierce repression .
It is an ideological regime , organised on fascistic lines , and it will fight to survive .
It has a military force and a paramilitary militia , well organised and with very important financial interests .
It is difficult to envisage what will occur .
However , we can be sure that nothing will be the same again .
No one will forget the fact that the two factions crossed many “ red lines ” exposing corruption , deception and the failure of the other .
It will therefore be a very large , delicate and long confrontation .
It is essential that those who are struggling in Iran obtain the broad and effective support of the left and of progressive people , so that they do not fall into the false conceptions of the type of left which does not have any concern for democracy and civil liberties .
Our association , Socialist Solidarity with the Workers in Iran , by defending the interests of the workers in Iran , by maintaining a firm and consistent position , at the same time anti-imperialist and of opposition to the regime , is in a good situation to extend and relay a broad campaign of support for the struggles of the Iranian people .
So we warmly welcome the collaboration of all the Iranian and international forces which share these principles .
We cannot link up with the defenders of Moussavi , nor with those who seek war or sanctions , in order to avoid a change from below .
We will not suspend our criticisms of those who tolerate imperialist war or economic sanctions -- measures which above all harm the Iranian workers .
[ Houshang Sepehr is an exiled Iranian revolutionary Marxist militant .
He is an organiser of Solidarité avec les Travailleurs en Iran ( Socialist Solidarity with the Workers in Iran ) , 266 avenue Daumesnil , 75012 Paris and a member of the Fourth International .
This article was written in August 2009 and first appeared on the website of International Viewpoint , the magazine of the Fourth International . ]
Top 10 Most Stolen Cars in the US
On Infowars.com today , I saw the shocking headline “ Barney Frank : We Are Trying On Every Front To Increase The Role Of Government . ”
That ’s not a controversial statement to anyone who has been following the number and nature of the bills that have been tabled and passed in the House of Representatives since January 2009 .
However , it would be quite the open admission from a prominent American politician , and I was therefore surprised .
It would be red meat even to many politically centrist Americans .
Sure enough , he did say that .
And more .
The full quote was , “ We are trying on every front to increase the role of government in the regulatory area . ”
Those four extra words make all the difference in the world , in terms of what Rep.
Frank said .
It ’s the difference between openly declaring what has been and is taking place overall , for quite some time , versus what is taking place now , in a specific area .
Very few would argue that total government non-regulation of credit default swaps ( one of the most speculative financial instruments ever devised ) , is a good thing .
The world - wide derivative meltdown of 2008 , stemming in large part from unregulated credit default swaps , would indicate otherwise .
I agree with one commenter on the Infowars.com post that their quotation is misleading .
But do n’t let that make you rely on Rep .
Frank or any other American politician openly declaring what you already know to be true .
Namely , what your government and representatives have been doing for quite some time — trying on every front to increase the role of government .
100,000 tasklets : Stackless and Go
I made a mistake when first publishing this and used the wrong date .
Now that I 've fixed it you 'll have to go to the correct page to see it .
For that matter , I use a home - brew CMS I wrote about 6 years ago for this web site and I 've forgotten how it works .
Otherwise I would set this up as a permanent redirect .
Well , so it goes .
Andrew Dalke is an independent consultant focusing on software development for computational chemistry and biology .
Need contract programming , help , or training ?
Contact me
Dads .
They ’re like superheroes in the eyes of young children .
Their father makes them feel safe , helps to take care of the family , can lift them high above their heads , and can seem to make the world ’s problems go away .
Enjoy this photostream showcasing some adorable kids with their very own daddy dearests .
October 13 , 2009 -- Socialist Voice -- Peruvian peasant leader Hugo Blanco , who edits the newspaper La Lucha Indigena , was interviewed on August 28 , 2009 , in Arequipa , in southern Peru .
The previous day he gave a presentation at a conference entitled “ 40 Años de la Reforma Agraria ” at the city ’s Universidad Nacional de San Agustín .
You said last night that today the Indigenous peoples of the Amazon are in the vanguard of the struggle in Peru .
Can you say more about this ?
The struggle is no longer just to free the land , but to defend the land against the poisoning taking place at the hands of the mining companies in the Sierra [ mountains ] , and the oil and gas operations in the Selva [ rainforest ] – poisoning the rivers , killing the fish , killing the birds , and killing the people too .
There are still many struggles in the Sierra – in Cajamarca , in Piura .
Just yesterday there was a struggle in this department [ Arequipa ] at Islay , where several people were hurt .
But these struggles are scattered , dispersed .
In turn , the amazonicos , despite having 50 different nationalities and languages , have united – the amazonicos of the north , the centre the south .
The have united to coordinate a democratic and peaceful struggle .
Last year , they had a struggle and won concessions from the government .
Now they are waging another struggle , and the government has responded with arms .
But again , the government was forced to retreat and overturn these two laws .
They have gained another triumph .
` Indigenous peoples have been
fighting for eco-socialism for 500 years ' -- Hugo Blanco
This was a peaceful struggle that was treasonously attacked by the government , but the indigenas captured arms from the police and defended themselves .
So I think this is a lesson – and not just for Peru , but for the world .
Throughout the world , many people are concerned about the environment – and with good reason , because as the United Nations has recognised , in another 100 years there could be no humanity .
Due to global warming , provoked by the big corporations , whose only imperative is to make as much money as possible in as little time as possible .
We can protest , publish articles , but the big corporations keep doing what they want , defended by the world ’s governments .
The way to resist this is the path taken by the amazonicos .
And this struggle is not over .
Their leaders are meeting this month to evaluate the next step .
Probably they will not return to the road blockades they have been carrying for the past months .
But they will not allow the companies to enter their territories .
So I say the amazonicos are teaching the Peruvians and all the world how to defend nature and defend the survival of the human species .
But your own heritage is as a leader of the campesino [ peasant ] struggle …
Yes , we had to struggle .
The Spanish came here looking for spices , but they did n’t find spices , they found gold and silver .
But in agrarian question , they applied the feudal system of Europe – where the feudal lords had the best lands , and they were worked by the serfs in exchange for a little piece of land to work for themselves .
And this survived the revolution for independence ; nothing changed for the indios .
It was done away with in Mexico with the uprising of Zapata .
It was done away with in [ the altiplano of ] Bolivia in 1952 , with the Bolivian uprising that year .
But here it persisted .
In 1962 , we began a struggle to recover the land for those who work it .
And when the government violently attacked us we were obliged to take up arms .
But finally the government was forced to pass an agrarian reform law recognising that the land belongs to the campesinos .
I was in prison for eight years .
They wanted to give me the death penalty , but thanks to the international solidarity I won , they were not able to kill me .
And it was thanks to that international solidarity that after eight years I was liberated .
So now I feel that my obligation is to struggle for those who are imprisoned in the struggle for the Amazon – to fight for them as others fought for me .
Until now , the Amazonian peoples have been very isolated , and have not been involved in the class struggle in Peru .
Do you think now , with the process of globalisation , they are becoming a part of the broader social struggle in the nation ?
Their struggle is not about class .
Their struggle is to defend the natural environment where they have lived for millennia .
But now this nature – which they regard as their mother – is under attack .
The timber companies cutting the trees , the oil companies poisoning the rivers – this is what their uprising is against .
They do not understand it as a class struggle .
But nonetheless , it is a struggle against the multinational corporations , which are defended by the government .
So we understand that it is related to the class struggle .
In your 1968 book Tierra o Muerte [ Land or Death ] , there is a lot of the ideology of Trotsky .
Are you still a Trotskyist ?
This book is a polemical work that I wrote , because we were in debate against Stalinism , which then took the line of only working within the law , struggling through the judicial process and so on .
Whereas we took the position that a guerilla movement was necessary for revolution .
So it was a debate between these two positions – the reformist position and the guerillerista position , which holds that the people must organise themselves , and when the people decide that there is no other option but to take up arms , they should take up arms .
But it is the people who must decide , not any group or party .
So I defended Trotsky because the struggle was against Stalinism .
Am I still a Trotskyist ?
I ’m not sure .
In certain senses I am , and in others I am not .
Trotsky believed in defending the revolutionary ideas of Marx and Lenin against bureaucratic tendencies .
He defended world revolution against the ideas of “ socialism in one country ” and a “ progressive bourgeoisie ” and “ revolution by stages ” and the other Stalinist ideas promoted in the name of Marxism - Leninism .
So I was right to be a Trotskyist in this epoch .
One thing Trotsky said which has been vindicated is that if the working class does n’t take power from the bureaucracy , the bureaucracy will be displaced by capitalism .
This is what has happened .
Today the principal directors of the Soviet Communist Party are the big neoliberals in Russia .
Trotsky said that either the working class will triumph , or the bourgeoisie will , that the bureaucracy is not a social class and has no historical future .
Unfortunately , its power was not broken by the working class , so it was broken by the bourgeoisie .
But now that there is no Stalinism , why do I have to be a Trotskyist ?
I do n’t feel the same imperative .
Of course , there are things I have learned from Marx , things I have learned from Lenin , things I have learned from Trotsky – and from other revolutionaries , from Rosa Luxemburg , from Antonio Gramsci , from Che Guevara .
But now I do not feel it is logical to form a Trotskyist party .
The youth who organised the conference yesterday – they want answers to the questions of today .
We do n’t have to resuscitate old debates from the last century .
It is enough to still believe that another world is possible .
I am old , and if I can teach something about Marx , Lenin and Trotsky and so on , this is something I can contribute .
I still believe in standing up and struggling and not pleading with the government , so in this sense I am still a Trotskyist .
But I do n’t feel the need to say , “ Listen everybody , this Trotskyism is the answer ! ”
And when I speak of the indigenas of the Amazon as the vanguard , I do not mean it in the Marxist - Leninist sense , that others should copy their methods .
And when I speak to Indigenous peoples , I speak of “ collectivism ” not “ communism . ”
You are perhaps best remembered in Peru as a guerilla fighter , although this was just one brief period of your life .
What is your view of armed struggle in the current situation ?
I think the amazonicos are teaching us that struggles need to be massive and peaceful – but if we are attacked , we have the right to defend ourselves .
At the blockades , the amazonicos are armed with their spears and bows and arrows and blowguns .
But they only use them to defend themselves and their territory from those who invade their territory .
If you are attacked with arms , you have the right to defend youself with arms .
For instance , I do not agree with Sendero Luminoso – and neither with those who believe in taking power by elections .
Whether by arms or by elections , both are struggling to take power .
In this sense , I am a Zapatista .
I do not believe in struggling to take power , but to build it .
The villages in the Sierra that are standing up to the mining companies are building power .
The indigenas in the Selva who are now controlling their own territory are building power .
But when the people feel they have to defend themselves with arms , they have the right to take this decision .
The rightists in Santa Cruz , in Bolivia , do not want to let the people govern , and meet their peaceful struggle with bullets ; so the people have the right to meet this force with bullets , to defend democracy with bullets .
You say that there is a new `industrial latifundio ' emerging today .
That ’s right .
Big companies of industrial scale on the coast , tremendously exploiting the agricultural proletariat , the majority of which is not unionised .
They get no vacation , they have no social security .
And these industries use agro-chemicals that kill the soil .
And it is all for export to the United States , it is not for internal consumption .
So this new new `industrial latifundio ' is of both agriculture and mining ?
Of course – agriculture , mining , oil , timber .
All of this is preying on the natural environment .
A new agrarian reform is needed to do away with these predatory corporations .
Now nearly every government in South America , except Peru and Colombia , has gone over to the left to one degree or another .
What is your perspective on this phenomenon ?
Well , the struggle must continue , no ?
Like the struggle against the coup in Honduras , the struggle against the mining companies in the Sierra , the oil companies in the Amazon .
Probably in the next elections here in Peru , another servant of neoliberalism will win .
But what interests me are the social struggles , which must continue under any government .
What do you think of the governments of Venezuela , Bolivia and Ecuador ?
You said last night that you consider these to be `governments of transition ' .
Yes , of course .
Venezuela 's Hugo Chávez and Ecuador 's Correa and Bolivia 's Evo Morales are very good sometimes , with their discourse against the empire .
But we still cannot say that these are governments of the people of below [ gente de abajo ] .
For example , Chávez wants the entire workers ’ movement to be an instrument of his government .
But the movement must remain independent and take its own positions .
So in this I am not in agreement with him .
And for this reason , I have not been invited to Venezuela ! [ Laughs ]
I do not like the compromises that were made in the referendum following the constituent assembly in Bolivia , where they decided that 5000 hectares constitutes a latifundio .
To speak of this in Peru would be considered scandalous .
This was a compromise with the reactionary governments of the Media Luna .
And when Santa Cruz held its referendum on independence , Morales said , ``All the the people of Bolivia should mobilise to Santa Cruz and block this illegality ' ' .
The Bolivian people were advancing , but then Morales said , `` Oh no , better not to go ' ' .
The campesinos were ready to block the roads ; Morales said , ``No , please do n’t block the roads ' ' .
These breaks on the social movements remind me of the breaks applied by Salvador Allende in Chile that facilitated the pinochetazo .
These breaks indicate counter - revolutionary attitudes .
I oppose this .
But these attitudes do not mean the government of Bolivia is counter - revolutionary – no !
The Indigenous councils that are being organised and so on – these are advances .
But it is still not a full manifestation .
So when you say `governments of transition ' , you mean transition towards what ?
A government of all the people .
Towards “ Good Government Juntas ” [ councils ] in Bolivia and Ecuador and Venezuela !
This is a reference to the governing bodies of the Zapatista rebels in Chiapas .
So you see the Zapatista movement as a model ?
I completely support the Zapatista movement ; that appears to me the correct path .
They represent an example of the kind of society that we want to build in the future .
They represent an example of government that is accountable to the people .
If one of the Indigenous leaders in the Good Government Juntas is not functioning well , he can be recalled at any time .
And the Zapatista National Liberation Army does n’t govern in their territory .
It ensures that the Mexican national army does n’t molest the people .
The Good Government Juntas govern , providing education and so on , without one centavo from the government .
And they wanted this system constitutionally recognised through the San Andres Accords , and when this was rejected by the Mexican congress in favour of the government ’s proposal , they declared all the political parties of Mexico to be traitors , and they participate in no elections .
Instead , during the presidential race [ in 2006 ] , they held the Other Campaign , and travelled throughout the country asking people what problems they had , and how can we confront them .
Not putting forth a line , but coordinating with the people .
And they are also doing this at the international level .
For example , the people from New York who are trying to save their homes , also participated in the Other Campaign .
This year , at the Festival of Dignified Rage that was held in Zapatista territory , they showed a video from this group .
Yes , the Movement for Justice in El Barrio .
You went to Mexico for this meeting ?
Yes .
This appears to me the correct way of building power .
Well , there have been criticisms on the Mexican left that the Zapatistas ’ ethic of refusing to participate in elections has allowed the right to win .
Yes , but all the parties are trying to trick the people .
Elections are not the way to build power .
The communities in the Sierra that are confronting the mining companies , and the peoples in the Amazon who are standing up to the oil companies – they are building power , like the Zapatistas .
You said last night that in the 1960s you were struggling for a more just society , but today it is a more grave issue – the survival of the human race .
That ’s right .
The amazonicos are struggling against global warming .
If you ask them , they will say they are struggling to defend their territories .
But in effect , they are struggling against global warming too .
Indigenous peoples have been fighting for eco-socialism for 500 years .
[ This article appeared in Socialist Voice 's LeftViews .
This article is excerpted from a longer interview which appeared in World War 4 Report . ]
September 22 , 2009 — Alderson Warm - Fork
Some thoughts on communism , sparked by buying coffee .
I ’m not an expert on the food and / or beverages industries , so I may have missed something important , but even if so the discussion will hopefully be suggestive of thoughts .
The various establishments that give freshly - prepard food ( and hot drinks etc. ) to people , who then take it away and eat it , do so by putting it into a container , of styrofoam or cardboard or foil , that cannot be effectively washed and re-used and thus gets thrown away .
And end up somewhere like the Great Pacific Trash Continent ( or whatever it ’s called ) .
An individual or family who ate all of their food from containers which they then destroyed would surely be considered wasteful .
Why does such waste happen with these food - giving - away establishments ?
What would happen if they gave away food in re-usable containers , with metal forks , ceramic mugs , plastic tubs , etc ?
The immediate answer is , they would spend far more money on giving away these endless ‘ proper ’ implements , and their customers would swiftly acquire a needless glut of the same , and no doubt would simply throw them away .
This would be an even more wasteful situation !
But wait !
A glut of cutlery in one place * , and a dearth in another ?
Surely the answer is to set up some simple mechanism by which they go from one to other .
I.e. eaters ( that odd breed of person ) hand in their surplus cutlery to some central , easily - located site .
This site then distributes it back to food - providers .
A great river - system of cups , bowls , and forks is created , ever - flowing , and carrying hot food along with it .
Waste is eliminated !
Is there a problem ?
There might be a few worries about hygiene but I ’d be surprised if it was technically infeasible to sterilise large numbers of bowls and spoons as effectively with better technology ( e.g. vast dishwashers or gamma- radiation blasters ** ) as people currently do with soap and hot water .
The more serious problem is this : in such a scheme , nobody would ever have insufficient forks .
If they needed forks , they could just get some with food , and then not return them .
And without unprecedented cutlery - surveillance , this could never be detected and stopped .
Is this a problem ?
Among its advantages are that people can more easily move into new houses , for instance , and that people on low incomes can reduce their expenditures .
On the other hand , surely if cutlery is n’t rationed , people have no reason to limit their use of it .
What if everyone snaps up 250 sets ?
But that hardly seems realistic .
People are naturally limited in their use of cutlery .
If you had 250 sets , what would you do with them ?
Build a fort ?
To put it another way , the only realistic reasons for having more cutlery that I can think of seem equally like good reasons , not wasteful ones ( e.g .
I have a lot of friends , a huge kitchen , and like to hold big dinner parties ) .
Ah , but .
Now , nobody can make a profit selling such cutlery , except to that socialised distribution network .
Moreover , nobody can make a profit selling disposable cutlery at all .
And that socialised distribution network , by virtue of its relative centralisation , is a much stronger bargainer , has more power in the trade , and is thus able to demand lower prices and better quality .
That is , the interests of cutlery - capital *** are entirely ruined ( and those dependent on them for work , though secondarily ) .
What this reflects is that what is bought and wasted is nevertheless profitable .
As a result , we are unlikely to see such a system as has here been sketched as long as capitalism remains ( though it ’s not impossible ) .
So what we have here is an example where straightforward and common - sense communism **** would remove a serious and entirely needless problem ( waste ) but seems like a crazy thought because it goes against the imperatives of capitalism .
*’ Glutlery ’ is the correct technical term .
**’ Blaster ’ may not be the correct technical term .
***’ Capitlery ’ is the correct technical term .
****’ Communism ’ is the correct term , not just ‘ socialism ’ – abolishing property not just in means of production but in something as simple as cutlery .
That need not mean , note , that there are no individualised rights to cutlery – it might still be prohibited to go into someone ’s kitchen and take all their knives , though more as a douche -y thing to do than as a ‘ theft ’ , since they can be easily replaced .
But these rights ( ‘ possession ’ ) fall short of property properly so - called , e.g. in not including tradeability .
The scientific world is electrified today by one of the most significant discoveries of our times : the great majority of female short - nosed fruit bats love to give head .
Possibly even more significantly , the nimble lust - crazed chiropterines are able to perform fellatio on a male bat who is taking them from behind at the time .
The revelations were reported breathlessly in Science magazine at the weekend .
It appears that until now , the only species known to indulge in oral sex were bonobo monkeys and some humans : but this picture has been turned on its head by boffins in China .
These scientists had set up pairs of Cynopterus sphinx shortnosed fruitbats in romanta - love - tryst situations and then positioned infrared cameras to record the saucy antics which ensued .
As you do .
According to Science :
Then came the shocker :
After the male mounted the female from behind , she bent over and began licking his penis ...
The males never withdrew while being licked , and the authors found that the longer a female licked , the longer copulation lasted ( for each second of licking , the female bats gained 6 seconds of copulation ) ...
In all , fellating females mated for an average of 4 minutes , twice as long as the other females .
Pausing briefly no doubt to wipe the steam from their spectacles , the boffins noted that this was no isolated act by an unusually frisky lady fruitbat .
It seems that down among the southeast Asia 's nocturnal air - scrumping community , it 's routine to add a bit of value to one 's night - life experience in this fashion .
Fully 70 per cent of the lady bats in the study did so .
" The finding of fellatio in bats is exciting news , " primatologist Frans de Waal - an expert on oral sex in bonobo monkeys - told Science .
The scientists are n't sure why the lady bats are so keen on giving head .
They do note in their paper :
The C. sphinx females are not passive during copulation but rather communicate with the male , in this case by licking his penis ...
It is conceivable that the female manipulates the male by increasing sexual stimulation , so that she ultimately benefits .
Male C. Sphinx bats apparently do n't reciprocate the favours offered so lavishly by the females .
But they do , apparently , give themselves a little extra oral treat after finishing with a lady .
For the curious , there 's red hot bat fellatio action here on mpeg video , courtesy of PLoS One .
The paper , Fellatio by Fruit Bats Prolongs Copulation Time , can be read here . ®
A man tries out the new iPhone 3GS on the first day it is being sold in Spain at the company 's store in downtown Madrid June 19 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Susana Vera
SYDNEY ( Reuters ) - People scared of flying can now press a button on their iPhone to help them deal with their panic .
Long - haul airline Virgin Atlantic Airways has launched an application , or app , for its Flying Without Fear course which boasts a success rate of over 98 percent .
Apps are a source of information , games and other novelty ideas for users of Apple ’s iPhone and iPod Touch devices .
The airline said in a statement that this app was designed to help people overcome fear , be it of the unfamiliar aircraft , the strange noises a plane makes , or of losing control .
“ Our first iPhone app will bring the benefits of our successful Flying Without Fear course to millions of people around the world who are now using mobile technology to make their lives better , ” Richard Branson , president of Virgin Atlantic , said in a statement .
“ The app will put many travelers at ease and enable them to prepare for their first Virgin Atlantic flight . ”
The airline developed the app with Mental Workout , a company developing software to help people resolve issues and increase mental performance .
A spokesman from Mental Workout said an estimated one in every three adults were scared of flying .
The Flying Without Fear app has an introduction by Branson , a video - based in - flight explanation of a flight , frequently asked questions , relaxation exercises and a fear attack button for emergencies with breathing exercises .
Last night on Countdown , James Clyburn said the House was considering a public option trigger , but before you jump out of your chair , the trigger Clyburn was talking about is a trigger with a twist -- and it might actually be a good thing .
Unlike the Snowe Trigger , which would trigger the public option itself , Clyburn 's trigger ( he called it a " hybrid trigger " ) was a trigger to go from a public option with negotiated rates to a public option with Medicare +
5 . With a hybrid trigger , you 'd have a public option from day one -- the thing that would be triggered would be its reimbursement mechanism .
Clyburn said that there are four forms of the public option being considered in the House .
Two of them have a form of the hybrid trigger , listed above .
Clyburn said that the White House " seemed " to support that hybrid trigger .
If Clyburn is correct , that would mean the White House was n't supporting the Snowe Trigger , but rather the hybrid trigger , which is far more palatable , because we'd have a public option from day one .
Obviously , it would be a huge coup if the Senate passed anything with Medicare + 5 in it .
Also , apparently , the House is not putting an opt - out on the table , at least not now .
Here 's a transcript of Clyburn 's portion of the interview :
People are very passionate about this issue .
There are those who feel that a robust public option , that is Medicare + 5 , which really , when you look at it , it saves $ 118 or $ 119 billion dollars would be the best way to go because that would allow us to make the whole thing more affordable with subsidies , and that sort of thing , for other people .
But there are others who feel that there are three other forms of the public option that ought to be given consideration .
One is the so - called negotiated rates , and then there are two what I call hybrids of the two , that is negotiated rates with a trigger that seemed to be favored by some people , including the White House , and then there 's negotiated rates with the 150 % poverty that would allow about 3 to 7 more million people to come into Medicaid .
O'Donnell explained that negotiated rates means the rates are negotiated with providers instead of dictated to them , as with the case of Medicare +
5 . Clyburn continued :
That 's where we are having the debate , because there are those people who feel that the Medicare reimbursement rates in many parts of the country are just too low , and they feel that even if you do a + 5 , that will not do their providers justice .
And others feel that the negotiated rate would be better so that all these providers can negotiate with the powers that be for what the rate terms would be .
O'Donnell then asked if polls showing the popularity of the public option were being taken into account by members of Congress .
Clyburn :
Absolutely .
Remember , when we came back after Labor Day , there were people who thought that the whole health reform bill was dead for the year .
About 2 or 3 weeks later , after we had an opportunity to explain to people what we were doing , they said , " well , okay , we got a good plan , but the public option is off the table . "
Now , we are debating what form of the public option .
There are those that said that the Senate had absolutely no way of passing a public option .
Now they are saying there may be a form of the public option that the Senate will consider .
That 's all because the public has dialed in and they are in fact very much for some form of a public option .
We 're not saying it wo n't be .
We 're just saying " what form will take it ? "
Next , O'Donnell asked about the Snowe Trigger and whether it could pass the House .
Clyburn :
Well , the trigger that 's been discussed in the House is a trigger that would allow for negotiated rates up front and then the trigger would kick in after two or three years if the negotiated rates do not produce the result that we would like to see produced .
And so that 's the only one that 's been discussed .
As I understand it , what 's being discussed over in the Senate is that the trigger , it would just sit there and we are not to sure how that will ever kick in .
And so , I do n't believe there is real strong support in the House for that kind of a trigger .
There is a significant amount of support in the House for another hybrid , that is negotiated rates plus 150 % of poverty to allow more people to kick in from Medicaid , so we have all four of these plans , and I really believe that sometime by the end of next week , we 'll see the House rolling something out , with a public option .
I just do n't know which one of the four forms will be laidout .
This interview is far from definitive , but it does put a new wrinkle into the trigger debate because , as Clyburn makes clear , there is more than one kind of trigger under consideration .
Mark of stupidity : Burglary suspects drew masks and beards on their faces using permanent marker pen
There was little to disguise what these two had been up to moments before police pulled them over .
Would - be burglars Matthew McNelly and Joey Miller 's masterplan had one tiny flaw -- their ' disguises ' comprised of masks drawn on their faces with permanent marker pen .
American police stopped their car after a witness reported two men ' with painted faces ' were trying to break into a flat in Carroll , Iowa .
Marked men : Matthew McNelly , 23 , and Joey Miller , 20 , were arrested after trying to break into an apartment in Carroll , Iowa .
Police found they had drawn masks and beards on their faces in permanent marker pen
The caller added that the pair were wearing dark , hooded tops and had driven off in a big white car .
Police soon spotted a 1994 Buick Roadmaster matching the description and stopped it at gunpoint .
Inside they found the two men , both of whom had what appeared to be masks , beards or moustaches scrawled on to their faces .
McNelly , 23 , and Miller , 20 , were both charged with attempted second - degree burglary and released on bail .
McNelly was also charged with drunk driving .
What are we waiting for ?
Over 44,000
Americans die every year because they do n't have health care .
America does n't care if it gets 51 votes in the Senate or 60 votes in the Senate or 83 votes in the Senate .
The time to act is now .
Fill out the form below to sign our petition to Harry Reid demanding he pass real health care reform now !
We the undersigned believe the time has come for Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid to get on with it .
For the last six months , Democrats have been dwelling , debating , and hoping for Republican Olympia Snowe to vote for health care reform .
Why ?
Olympia Snowe was not elected President last year .
Olympia Snowe has no veto power in the Senate .
Olympia
Snowe represents a state with one half of one percent of America 's population .
America does n't care if it gets 51 votes in the Senate or 60 votes in the Senate or 83 votes in the Senate .
Every year , over 44,000 Americans die because they do n't have health care .
We stand with Alan Grayson and implore :
What are we waiting for ?
Thanks Eugene for letting me guest - blog this week about the Institute for Justice ’s latest case : the first ever constitutional challenge to the National Organ Transplant Act ( NOTA ) .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GOO2kQZbqB0[/youtube]We’re asking the courts to enjoin the Attorney General from enforcing the provision of NOTA that makes it a serious crime to compensate bone marrow donors .
I ’ll use today ’s post to sketch our constitutional theory .
Then , in the following days , discuss the history of NOTA , the standard of review called the “ rational basis test , ” the proper role of judges , and by Friday I ’ll wrap things up with responses to comments .
Bone marrow transplantation is a lifesaving treatment for 70 deadly blood diseases , including cancers such as leukemia and lymphoma .
Most people who need a transplant need one from a stranger , and tens of thousands have died because they lacked donors .
Our clients want to increase the number of unrelated donors by having a charity offer them a $ 3,000 scholarship , a housing allowance , or gift to the donor ’s favorite charity .
Unfortunately , using scholarships to save lives is considered organ - selling under NOTA , a major federal crime .
We know what Congress intended when it enacted NOTA .
1,500 pages of detailed legislative history make it clear that Congress wanted to outlaw markets in kidneys and other solid organs .
Congress did n’t like that organ surgery is invasive , that donated organs do n’t grow back , and that organs would flow from poor to rich on an open market ( I ’ll discuss tomorrow why the relief we seek wo n’t give rise to markets ) .
Congress did n’t intend to criminalize compensation for renewable cells such as blood or sperm .
In fact , the Conference Report the House and Senate jointly sent to President Reagan with the bill he signed said so .
Congress included bone marrow in the statute by mistake .
A “ bone marrow ” transplant involves the collection of immature blood cells , not the removal of an organ or tissues .
Most marrow cells are now collected using the same equipment and methods for blood donation .
Donating marrow cells is safe and they quickly replenish themselves just like donated blood .
Bone marrow was n’t discussed in the legislative hearings and was inserted in the statute at the end of the drafting process , probably by a staffer ( more on this tomorrow ) .
Here ’s an analogy .
Congress does n’t like big pets attacking people .
After 18 months of hearings , Congress outlaws selling pets over five pounds , and defines “ pets ” as “ dogs , cats , ” and , inexplicably , “ pet rocks , ” even though “ pet rocks ” were never mentioned during the hearings , are not actually household pets , and banning their sale does n’t advance any interest Congress was trying to address by banning the sale of dogs and cats .
The inclusion of bone marrow in NOTA , like the inclusion of pet rocks in the hypothetical law , is not the result of Congress “ making a hard call ” or “ drawing the line somewhere . ”
It was just sheer error , one that has undoubtedly cost tens of thousands of lives .
Of course , not every legislative mistake is unconstitutional .
But a legislative mistake so profound as to render a statutory provision irrational is unconstitutional when it affects liberty .
The Supreme Court has invalidated irrational statutes under the rational basis test at least a dozen times and there are literally hundreds of state and federal cases doing the same thing .
Here ’s our constitutional theory in a nutshell .
The provable absence of a rational basis for the bone marrow provision of NOTA means that the statute violates the substantive due process right of doctors , nurses , patients , and donors to participate in safe , accepted , lifesaving , and otherwise legal medical treatment .
Next , throwing people in prison for compensating marrow - cell donors , but not throwing people in prison for compensating blood or sperm donors , violates equal protection because there is no non-arbitrary distinction between these acts .
In all cases , the donor is being compensated for safely donating renewable cells .
The flip side is also true .
Just as it is arbitrary to treat similar things differently , it is also arbitrary to treat solid organs such as kidneys like bone marrow .
Let me quickly address two objections and let readers know that I ’ll explore them in more detail this week .
First , you might say , “ who cares what Congress intended , judges get to make up justifications for laws under the rational basis test . ”
While it ’s true that judges do make up hypothetical rational bases for laws in some cases , that approach only makes sense — to the extent it ever does — when no one knows why a law was enacted .
But we know why NOTA was passed .
Why would we ever want a theory of constitutional interpretation that says in effect , “ judges should make up reasons for the government to take away your liberty even when the legislature did n’t intend to do so ” ?
The second objection runs something like this , “ if Congress made a mistake , then it ’s up to Congress to fix it , not a judge . ”
But the legislature could fix every unconstitutional law .
This is n’t an objection to the bone marrow case .
It ’s an objection to judicial review .
I ’ll have more to say later about what we at the Institute for Justice think is wrong with reflexive judicial minimalism .
Thanks again Eugene and I really look forward to discussing this exciting case with everyone .
Homemade Firearm Cleaners & Lubricants
Here by popular request is some information on alternative products and information on making up your own cleaning , lubricating , and related items for shooting and reloading .
These products work as well as or frequently better than the commercial products , and the ' product of the month and cost less . "
( Every penny you save means more components or ammo you can buy ! )
In addition , many of the brand name proprietary cleaners and lubes are repackaged commercially available compounds and with a little research one can sometimes figure out what they are .
If you have any favorite " home brews " that you use and find effective , or can offer any suggestions or improvements send me an email by clicking here and maybe you 'll see them here with attribution .
SAFETY NOTICE
Some of the chemicals suggested here , particularly acetone , MEK , and ammonia are " hazardous materials " and can pose a significant health or fire hazards if not used correctly .
Mix outdoors or with appropriate ventilation and respiratory protection , avoid flames or sparks , and avoid skin contact .
Do not consume or use as a mixer .
Keep them away from pets and stupid people .
Wear eye protection when mixing .
As with the use of any chemicals , wash your hands thoroughly after using .
Note that many of the formulas suggested here will remove skin oils , so you may want to consider using some kind of skin lotion after washing your hands .
Wear eye protection when using any of the solutions below .
If in doubt about proper safety measures obtain the appropriate Material Safety Data Sheets ( MSDS ) which can be obtained on line through :
http://hazard.com/msds/index.php
http://www.MSDS.com
I strongly suggest that you download , read , and heed them !
Bore Cleaners
Ed's Red
As a general bore cleaner , plastic wad remover , and carbon solvent the following formula , a creation of C.E Harris , and dubbed " Ed's Red " works quite well .
In fact many folks claim it is better than anything they 've tried .
The original formula is :
1 part Dexron II , IIe or III Automatic Transmission Fluid - GM
Spec D20265 or later
1 part K1 Kerosene
1 part Aliphatic Mineral Spirits federal spec TT - T - 2981 F ( CAS # 64741-49 - 9 ) or Stodard Solvent / Varsol ( CAS # 8052 - 41 -1 ) , a.k.a " oderless mineral spirits "
1 part Acetone ( CAS #67-64-1 ) Formula Addendum
It has been reported that methyethylketone / MEK ( CAS # 78 - 93 - 3 ) can be satisfactorily substituted for the acetone if desired .
It has been reported that Turpentine can be satisfactorily substituted for the Mineral Spirits if desired .
The original Frankford Arsenal formula upon which Ed's Red is based used turpentine rather than mineral spirits which were substituted for lower cost .
Turpentine also tends to leave a gummy residue .
It has been reported that Kroil penetrating oil can be satisfactorily substituted for the kerosene if desired .
It has been reported that the lower numbered " JP " jet fuels can be used in place of kerosene .
It has been reported that Goo -Gone ( a commercial citrus based solvent ) can be satisfactorily substituted for the mineral spirits if desired .
It has been reported that commercial automotive " engine flush " can be substituted for the ATF ( but you lose the red color and the lubrication qualities ) .
For each gallon of Ed's Red produced you can also add 1 pound of anhydrous lanolin ( CAS # 8006 - 54 - 0 ) , which helps to neutralize fingerprints but it 's really not necessary and current formulations generally omit it .
You can also leave out the acetone but then it does n't remove plastic wad fouling or caked smokeless powder residue as well .
Store in airtight chemical - proof containers as the acetone , if used , will evaporate .
Two sources for bulk anhydrous lanolin are http://www.selectoils.com/item--Lanolin--SO-Lanolin.html and http://www.thesage.com/ .
According to Ed , " Ed's Red " will flow at - 65 o F and wo n't carbonize at 600 oF .
It has seen use by both the FBI and the Army Marksmanship Training Units .
MIXING INSTRUCTIONS
Mix outdoors , in good ventilation .
Use a clean 1 gallon metal , or chemical - resistant , heavy gage NFPA approved plastic gasoline storage containers .
Do NOT use light weight , thin , high density polyethelyne ( HDPE ) , which is breathable , because the acetone will gradually evaporate .
Do n't use PVC containers as they will dissolve .
A possible online source for metal 1 pint and 1 quart screw top metal containers suitable for storing Ed's Red is http://www.taxidermy.com .
This site appears to be some sort of frames based design that does not allow you to link directly to containers , but you can find them via the following site links Products | Molding and Casting | Containers , Cups and Tools .
The Blitz USA line of approved gasoline containers can be obtained at Auto Zone , Home Depot , Walmart , Target , and other retailers and are what I use .
( www.blitzusa.com).
Add the ATF first .
Use the empty container to measure the other components , so that it is thoroughly rinsed .
You can divert a small quantity , up to 4 ounces per quart of the 50 - 50 ATF / kerosene mix for use as an " Ed 's Red- compatible " gun oil .
This can be done without impairing the effectiveness of the mix .
INSTRUCTIONS FOR USING
a) Ensure that the firearm is unloaded and that all magazines are removed .
Cleaning is most effective when done while the barrel is still warm to the touch from firing .
Saturate a cotton patch with Ed's Red , wrap or impale on a jag and push it through the bore from breech to muzzle .
The patch should be a snug fit .
Let the first patch fall off and do not pull it back into the bore .
b ) Wet a second patch , and similarly start it into the bore from the breech , this time scrubbing from the throat area forward in 4 - 5 " strokes and gradually advancing until the patch emerges out the muzzle .
Waiting approximately 1 minute to let the bore cleaner soak will improve its action .
c. For pitted , heavily carbon - fouled " rattle battle " guns , leaded revolvers or neglected bores a bronze brush wet with bore cleaner may be used to remove stubborn deposits .
This is unnecessary for smooth , target - grade barrels in routine use .
d ) Use a final wet patch pushed straight through the bore to flush out loosened residue dissolved by Ed's Red .
Let the patch fall off the jag without pulling it back into the bore .
If you are finished firing , leaving the bore wet will protect it from rust for up to 30 days .
If the lanolin is incorporated into the mixture , it will protect the firearm from rust for up to two years .
e ) Wipe spilled Ed's Red from exterior surfaces before storing the gun .
While Ed's Red is harmless to blue and nickel finishes , the acetone it contains is harmful to most wood finishes and it could damage some plastics if left in prolonged contact .
f ) Before firing again , push two dry patches through the bore and dry the chamber , using a patch wrapped around a suitably sized brush or jag .
First shot point of impact usually will not be disturbed by Ed's Red if the bore is cleaned as described .
It has been reported that when Ed's Red is used exclusively and thoroughly , that hot water cleaning is unnecessary after use of Pyrodex or military chlorate primers .
However , if bores are not wiped between shots and are heavily caked from black powder fouling , hot water cleaning is recommended first to break up heavy fouling deposits .
Water cleaning should be followed by a thorough flush with Ed's Red to prevent after - rusting which could result from residual moisture .
It is ALWAYS good practice to clean twice , two days apart , whenever using chlorate primed ammunition , just to make sure you get all the residue out .
Thanks to Jim Dodd for the above instructions
An unusual use for Ed's Red .
Several correspondents report that an application of Ed's Red to an ant hill , especially fire ants , kills 'em dead .
Got a glued on label ?
Saturate with Ed's Red ( roughen the surface first if it is a coated label ) , let soak for a couple of minutes , and the labels will come off .
Also , Ed's Red is very penetrative and makes a superior penetrating oil for loosening rusted parts .
In fact in some testing by a machinist 's magazine a couple of years ago it beat all the commercial products by a wide margin .
A dedicated Ed's Red penetrating solution can be made by just using a 50 - 50 mix of ATF and acetone .
A historical note about Ed's Red .
When Ed Harris first cooked it up , it exceeded the then current Mil Specs for bore cleaner and CLP .
Ed and a cohort were able to test it at a defense contractor 's quality lab after hours with chrome- moly and stainless samples provided by Kreiger Barrels .
Eds Red Plus
This variation on the Ed's Red formula gives it a copper removing ability similar to the commercial bore cleaner Marksman 's Choice MC - 7 .
You will need :
11 ounces of basic Ed's Red
2 ounces of 10 % - 20 % industrial strength ammonia
2 ounces of Rustlick WS - 11 cutting oil or suitable alternative
1 ounce of Murphy 's Oil Soap
Mix the oil soap and ammonia in a separate container .
In a suitable 1 pint container containing 11 ounces of Ed's Red , add the cutting oil and mix together .
Then add the oil soap / ammonia mixture to Ed's Red / cutting oil and shake the container to mix the ingredients .
You will end up with a pink opaque liquid that for the most part remains in solution , but some components may settle out over an extended period .
It is always best to shake well before using .
The resulting solution will remove mild copper deposits in bores if allowed to work about 15 - 20 minutes .
Water soluble cutting oils and rust inhibitors can be obtained online from http://www1.mscdirect.com/cgi/nnsrhm
or locally from your industrial supplier .
NAPA auto stores carry a soluble oil listed as NAPA Soluble Cutting and Grinding Oil , " part number SL SL2512 .
Metal screw top containers can be obtained from http://www.taxidermy.com under | Products | Molding and Casting | Containers , Cups and Tools .
Thanks to Bill Mecca for this information .
You can link directly to that frame by using this URL http://www.taxidermy.com/cat/18/tool.html, but there 's no link back to their home page from there .
Thanks to Patrick Larkin Jr. for this tip .
In a pinch you can use straight mineral spirits , automotive engine cleaner , Gumout carb cleaner , straight ATF , K1 kerosene , and " citrus " cleaners ( oil after use ) as a rather good substitute bore cleaners .
... And For Historical Reference -- The Original Hoppes No. 9
The original " Eau de Gun . "
If you do n't like this smell you ain't a real shooter !
This formula came from Hatcher 's Notebook and the amounts are rounded from the original formula to make 1 quart .
Any resemblance to the current " environmentally correct " No. 9 is accidental .
Original component Notes Ammonium oleate ( CAS # 544-60 - 5 )
aka Oleic Acid CAS # 112-80 -1 5.0 oz ( also known as ammonium soap )
Could substitute lanolin but this would sacrifice its mild copper removal qualities Amyl Acetate ( CAS # 544-60 - 5 ) 8.5 oz ( " banana oil " ) Nitro - benzene 2.0 oz ( the racing fuel additive ) K1 Kerosene 8.5 oz Neutral Saponifiable Oil 8 oz ( Not identified , probably sperm oil , but ATF could be substituted
Citrus Cleaners
The hot new commercial products are now touted as being citrus based .
Basically this means they contain either an orange oil based product or more commonly d-Limonene , in a mineral spirits base .
They work well on carbon and bore fouling and smell very good .
One formula that has come to my attention is a mix of
d - Limonene
Odorless mineral spirits
Paraffin Oil ( STP Universal Power Steering Fluid , or Quaker State Power Steering Fluid , or Mercury Marine U - Joint and Gymbal Bearing Lubricant )
No proportions were given but try 2 parts each of d-Limonene and mineral spirits , and 1 part of the power steering fluid .
I have n't had time to experiment but if you want to play around and report back to me you can get orange oil and d-Limonene in small quantities from Citrus Depot ( http://www.citrusdepot.net).
Ingredient CAS Number % Weight Water 7732-18-5 40 - 60 d- Limonene 5989 -27-5 30 - 40 Sodium Dioctyl Sulfosuccinate 577-11-7 5 - 10 Sodium Dodecyl Benzene Sulfonic acid 251550 - 30-0 5 - 10 Diethanolamine 111-42-2 4 - 7 Tetrasodium EDTA
64-02-8 < 2 Isopropyl alcohol 67 - 63-0 < 1
Corrosive Ammunition Cleaning
Corrosive primers contain potassium chlorate ( KClO 3 ) and leave a residue of potasium chloride ( KCl ) salt in the bore after a cartridge is fired .
This residue is hygroscopic and attracts and holds moisture from the humidity in the atmosphere which causes rusting .
This can cause serious damage to both the bore and action of the firearm unless they are cleaned carefully after firing .
Because the corrosive salts are hydroscopic the best cleaning agent for them is hot soapy water , but even plain water works as well as any cleaner that has some water in it .
You do n't have to pour water down the bore or over the action , simply use the soapy water as you would normal bore / firearms cleaner and follow with a cleaning with normal bore cleaner to prevent any after - rust .
" Murphy 's Oil Soap " and water is commonly used .
Any of the above formulas containing water should do just fine .
The thing is to ensure that you thoroughly clean and lubricate ALL surfaces .
Storage & Rust Preventative
For long term storage one of the best and simplest products to use is Lee Liquid Alox .
This is actually the same material used by the Ziebart Co. to rustproof automobiles , and is a mixture of 45 % calcium soap and 45 % mineral spirits ( petroleum distillates ) .
According to Alox / Lubrizol Corp. ( www.lubrizol.com ) , who sell the product under the stock # 606 - 55 in 5 and 55 gallon drums this material was intended to be sprayed on to protect naval machinery on the decks of ships against salt spray .
It is supposedly available in smaller quantities from http://www.lsstuff.com/lube/liquid-x.html or http://dragonbulletlube.com/products.php
Thanks to William Josephson for the availability info .
The only drawback is that it dries hard and is somewhat difficult to remove , but the material does come off readily with military rifle bore cleaner ( Mil - C - 372B ) or CLP ( Mil - L - 63460 ) , or with ordinary firearms cleaners such as Ed's Red .
It must be removed from the bore prior to firing , as would any grease or wax , because it would constitute a bore obstruction .
If you wanted to secure a gun in a container for several years , and have it ready for future use , clean and lubricate it normally and then apply an even coating of Liquid Alox to all metallic surfaces .
Store in a sealed storage bag with about100g of silica gel .
A note about cosmoline .
When subjected to high heat and then cooled this stuff turns into a varnish .
I had a friend who neglected to thoroughly clean a new SKS and after firing about a hundred rounds and being put away the secondary gas piston glued itself in place making the rifle a single shot .
It took heavy use of Ed's Red , over night soaking , and a judicious application of " impact force " to loosen things up to the point where the gunk could be washed out and proper operation restored .
If you need to be able to fire the weapon soon immediately after taking out of the container , do not put Alox in the bore as the normal lubricants will protect it .
As an aside , click here for information on ammunition storage .
Silicone Wiping Cloths
Silicone wiping cloths are easy to make .
Use a clean piece of old flannel shirt about 12 x 12 inches to 18 x 18 inches .
Lay it on a plastic sheet and evenly spray both sides with a commercial silicone spray lubricant .
Allow the carrier fluid to evaporate and then roll up , place in a plastic bag and allow to sit overnight so the silicone evenly disperses .
A caveat -- I have noticed that some brands of silicone spray seem to have more carrier than silicone and have a distinct kerosene odor .
The Liquid Wrench brand is particularly vile in this respect .
Try to avoid these .
I have had excellent results with the ACE hardware brand " Pure Silicone Lubricant , " part no .
12293 .
Desiccants ( Moisture Remover )
You can make a very good home made desiccant for sealed storage containers by cutting pieces of plaster board to fit inside your storage container , and then drying the pieces in a 250 degree oven for about 2 hours .
Remove and wrap lightly ( do n't seal ) in aluminum foil , and place in your container before sealing .
Works great in GI ammo boxes .
Copper Fouling Removal
The " Ammonia Solution "
The typical " household ammonia " is only 3 percent and does not work very well as a copper remover .
However , to remove copper fouling you can use use straight " strong ammonia " ( 9 - 10 percent ) carried by many janitorial supply houses and hardware stores .
My local ACE hardware carries the 10 percent janitorial strength for about $ 1.50 a quart and it works great straight , followed by a thorough cleaning with Ed's Red .
Run a wet patch through the bore and allow to sit for about 5 minutes and proceed as usual .
Do n't use a brass bore brush or jag !
I have seen no scientific proof that the use of ammonia in any strength will harm bores , IF the bore is thoroughly cleaned with bore cleaner after using ammonia to prevent after rust .
If your local ACE hardware store does n't stock the " 10 % Janitor 's Strength Ammonia , " they can order it for you from their master order book .
The stock number for the 1 quart size is ACE10183 .
If you are worried about its high strength , you can bring it down to the 6 - 8 percent ammonia content of most commercial copper removers by cutting the janitor 's strength ammonia with some K1 kerosene or water - - try 3.5 to 4 parts 10 % ammonia to 1 part water or K1 kerosene .
This seems to have little , if any effect , on its copper removal abilities .
Straight 28 % ammonia ( CAS # 7664-41 - 7 ) followed by a thorough cleaning with Ed's Red can also be used but 28 percent ammonia may be difficult to get and is VERY strong stuff and potentially aggressive on metal .
Some notes about Ammonia .
Ammonia wo n't harm the rifle 's metal , the pH is way down there for even 10 % but as you get into stronger solutions (> 10 % ) the pH becomes basic ( > 7 up to 14 ) and is caustic .
The problem comes from ammonia being hygroscopic and folks not cleaning it all out of the bore and the attracted water then causes rusting .
[ As a test I left a polished mild steel strip in straight 10 % ammonia for 48 hours and saw no noticeable corrosion or etching . ]
Thanks to Roger Rothschild , Chemist , for this information .
... and an Improvement --" Humpy 's White Bore Cleaner "
This modification of the " ammonia solution " thickens the liquid and helps to keep it in the bore for more efficient cleaning .
You can if you like omit the 1 - part sudsy ammonia
2 parts - 10 % ammonia ,
1 part - standard household " sudsy " ammonia ( optional )
1 part - Ivory liquid dishwashing detergent ( It has been reported that " Formula 409 " can also be used though the resulting mixture is probably thinner . )
This formula yields about a 6.5 percent ammonia solution .
If you omit the sudsy ammonia the solution is about 7.75 percent .
Thanks to Mark Humphreville f or this solution
It has been reported that Kroils penetrating oil will remove copper fouling with light brushing if the bore is swabbed with it and allowed to sit overnight .
Electronic Fouling Removal
A Caveat
The Outers FoulOut operates at a very low voltage (.3 V - three - tenths ) at the cleaning electrode .
Higher voltages can start to etch the bore , and even at the lower voltage the Outers can do so if there is rust in the bore .
While the simple designs given here can be used safely there exists the possibility of bore etching due to their higher voltages .
This is a particular concern if you use the Outers solutions .
The electrical problem with all the home - brew series current limited ( by the short indicating lamp ) devices is that they apply voltages that will start taking iron into the solution , according to the FoulOut patent information which has expired .
This aspect of the circuitry deceives those without electrical backgrounds .
They look at the batteries or the wall adapter voltage used to operate a FoulOut and assume it must be safe to apply that much voltage between the barrel and the rod .
Not so .
The voltage regulation schemes inside a FoulOut are designed to hold a 0.3V limit regardless of how many volts the power supply has .
Most shooters are familiar with the Outers FoulOut  electronic copper fouling remover that will remove unbelievable amounts of crud form a " clean " barrel .
It is quite easy to build your own simple version of this handy device .
A Current and Voltage Limited Homemade Electronic Copper Fouling Remover
While this design is a little work to build it provides current and voltage limitation to prevent etching .
You can download the article which is a 340K PDF document , by clicking here .
This unit is designed to use the Outer 's solutions or their homemade equivalents below .
It is best to remove the barreled action from the stock for cleaning .
For best results clean and then degrease the bore with a commercial " gun scrubber " or automotive brake cleaner .
Plug the chamber with the rubber stopper and carefully insert the rod down the bore and ensure it is seated in the hole in the stopper .
Using a dropper or a syringe fill the bore with the cleaning solution and the attach the black wire to the rod and red wire to the gun .
If the gun is dirty the flashlight will glow but not at full power .
If the flashlight immediately glows full power the rod is not centered in the bore and has caused a short .
Allow the unit to work for 45 min or so , disconnect the leads and carefully pull the rod out of the bore .
The accumulated copper fouling can be removed from the rod with fine steel wool .
Drain the barrel , remove the stopper and dry the bore and chamber .
Run a couple of patches with bore cleaner on them through the bore and chamber to prevent any after rust and you 're done .
Those of you with a background in metal plating may want to contribute your own solution recipes .
Send them to me by clicking here .
36 " long TIG welding rod in stainless steel are available from local welding shop .
Get 3/32 " and 1/8 " diameters at a cost of about $ 1.25 each .
Ideally you want a rod about 1 /2 to 2/3 of the bore diameter .
Thanks to Robert Schaedel , et. al. for this tip .
Some Interesting Information .
Just for those of you with curious minds , the Outers CopOut Plus solution contain approximately 0.6 percent cupric acetate and 2.5 percent ammonium acetate ( 3.62 grams / liter of copper acetate and 38.5 grams / liter of ammonium acetate ) in distilled / deionized water .
The LeadOut Plus contains approximately 2 percent lead acetate and 5 percent ammonium acetate ( 6.50 grams / liter of lead acetate and 38.5 grams / liter of ammonium acetate ) in distilled / deionized water .
A good basic solution for either would be
Copper Solution
562.3 grains Ammonium Acetate
51.3 grains Copper Acetate or 58.3 grains Cupric Acetate Monohydrate
Add distilled ( or high megohm deionized ) water to make 1 Qt. Lead Solution
562.3 grains Ammonium Acetate
95.0 grains Lead Acetate or 110.8 grains of Lead Acetate Trihydrate
Add distilled ( or high megohm deionized ) water to make 1 Qt .
Note that since the Outers FoulOut unit limits the voltage and current in the electrolysis process and runs at about .3 volts ( 3/10 volt ) -- at typically a max of about 20 milliamps .
Possible sources for these chemicals in small quantities are :
Post Apple Scientific , Inc. http://www.postapplescientific.com
Sigma - Aldrich ( 800-325-3010 )
http://www.sigmaaldrich.com
This company lists 100 grams of Copper ( II ) Acetate for about $ 19 and 500 grams of Ammonium Acetate for about $ 17 .
If you assume $ 1.00 per gallon for distilled water , you can make the solution for copper removal for $ 1.60 per quart .
This does not include shipping costs on the chemicals .
The Science Company http://www.sciencecompany.com
The following is from Outer 's Q&A page .
Q. Why has the solution become discolored during use ?
A . You need to check the solution about every 30 minutes to see if it has changed color .
Pour all the chemical into a clear container to see if there may be a color change .
Sometimes there may be sediment or a color change but it is n't apparent by simply looking at the chemical in the barrel .
If chemical is orange or orange / brown you may have some rust .
If chemical is black you may be lifting iron from the barrel or its oxidized copper salts .
It could also be some powder fouling being removed from the barrel .
The unit may have been on too long without checking the solution color often enough .
Black / Gunky chemical could mean that in the first 30 minutes you hit a lot of lead and lead started to settle set the bottom of the barrel as well as on the rod .
It could also mean the unit was left unchecked too long and rust has formed .
Green colored chemical could mean that you may be pulling out iron , blueing or rust .
Sometimes new barrels will have blueing and its removing that .
Q. What do I do if the chemical changes color ?
A. Dispose of the chemicals according to local and state laws .
Clean the barrel using regular gun cleaning methods .
Degrease the barrel and rod with Outers Crud Cutter .
If you can't find Crud Cutter , you can use Birchwood Casey Gun Scrubber or household rubbing alcohol .
On a scale of 1 to 10 , alcohol rates as a 2 and Crud Cutter rates as a 10 .
After cleaning and degreasing the barrel and rod , start the Foul Out III according to the instruction book .
[ Automotive brake cleaner is the same as the Birchwood or Outers products and cheaper .
- Fr. Frog ]
Q .
The unit is n't cleaning fast enough .
A . To speed up the process , after cleaning for two hours , change the solution and you should obtain faster results .
Q. Can I Use Cop Out Plus and Lead Out Plus with my Foul Out II Unit ?
A. Yes ,
You can use the Cop Out Plus and Lead Out Plus with Foul Out I and Foul Out II units .
Because these are more potent chemicals than regular Cop Out and Lead Out , the customer needs to be more cautious and check the chemical for changes more often .
The new chemicals will clean faster than the old .
Military Copper Fouling Removal Solution ( c.1917 )
Described in the US Military publications for the 1903 and M1917 rifles was the following " heavy duty " copper removal formula .
1 oz Ammonium persulfate
200 grains Ammonium carbonate
6 oz 28 % ammonia
4 oz water
Finely grind the persulfate and carbonate , dissolve in the water and then add the ammonia .
Allow to stand for 1 hour before using .
Plug the breech and slip a piece of rubber hose over the muzzle .
Fill the cold barrel and the section of hose with the solution .
Allow to stand for 30 minutes .
Dump the solution and clean the bore normally and oil .
Mac's Red
A modification of Ed's Red that is claimed to remove copper fouling was developed by Richard McQuisten and published in The Cast Bullet # 113 , Jan- Feb , '95 .
1 part Dexron II , IIe or III Automatic Transmission Fluid
1 part K1 Kerosene
1 part Mineral Spirits or Stodard Solvent / Varsol
1 part Acetone
1 part GM Carburetor / Upper Cylinder Cleaner
Oxynate S
Brownells sells a product called Oxynate S ( pn 082-029-016 ) which is used to remove copper from bluing tanks .
It can be used straight or mixed into a bore cleaner , say about 5 % , to remove copper bore fouling .
Thanks to Ken Mollohan for this tip .
Carbon / Crud Cleaner
For cleaning carbon and dried grease in tight places try generic commercial non-chlorinated aerosol automotive brake cleaner .
Just as good , more readily available , and MUCH cheaper than the gun stuff .
Carburetor cleaner like GumOut can also be used and in some cases may be superior .
Note that brake cleaners remove any preservative oil or grease coatings on the metal and may be preferred if you are going to touch up the bluing .
You should lightly coat things with your favorite oil or preservative when done cleaning .
Carburetor cleaners are not quite as degreasing but you should still coat with preservative when done .
Ed's Red is great in this role too and it leaves an oily coat .
WARNING : Spray degreaser like brake and carburetor cleaners are not only flammable
but can also be toxic in closed environment .
Use them only outdoors or in well ventilated area ..
Dawn dishwashing detergent is a terrific grease cutter .
Brushed on with a toothbrush and then immediately rinsed off with very hot water it will leave metal very clean .
However , be careful with dishwashing liquid and steel as Dawn ( as well as Joy and Ivory ) will attack steel if left undiluted and with contact time measured in hours .
The clear versions of all three of these detergents can pit even 316L , given enough time .
( FYI , Dawn is the best grease cutting formula on the market .
It is routinely shipped in by tank truck to clean oil spills .
Just be aware of how corrosive it can be . )
I have heard some good reports about Sea Foam Motor Treatment as a carbon removing solution .
Available at most auto stores in 16 oz cans .
In addition Stihl " Engine DEcarbonizer " pn 0781-313-8018 ( available from Stihl dealers and apparently listed as 0781 - 313-8019 in their database ) has gotten excellent marks for removing heavy burnt on carbon in AR platforms .
A case of 6 8 oz bottles is about $ 26 .
I have been told that Chevron 's Techron gas additive makes a very good carbon remover .
Another commercial product is called " Piston Clean " from Orison Marketing .
www.orisonmarketing.com/pistonkleen.html?gclid=CIqrjIbc87YCFUzhQgodRnwAZQ
It appears to be THE carbon cleaner in the automotive rebuilding circuit
It comes in a gallon size for about $ 25 , but if you ask nicely they will send you a quart sample for a couple of dollars .
I have used this and it is VERY good .
They also offer several other product that may be of interest .
All of the carbon removers work best if warmed and allowed to soak for a while .
Humpy 's Bullet Cleaner
Soaking Method
Those of you who used surplus pulled M118 / M72 173 gr Match or other pulled GI bullets have probably been baffled about how to removed the asphaltic sealant from the bullets .
The safest way is to get a bottle of Orange Clean Concentrate .
http://www.greatcleaners.com/ogi_retail/product.asp?catalog%5Fname=ogi&product%5Fid=17101
Mix it 1/100 with water , drop bullets in , and allow to sit for 24 hours .
The following day agitate the jar and the mouth lacquer will literally fall off in flakes leaving the bullets not only clean but nice smelling .
Unlike lacquer thinner which actually does n't work very well , this method is not flammable nor a breathing hazard .
Tumbling Method
You will need : a carton of BBs. ( costs about five bucks from Walmart ) , a rock tumbler ( flea markets , ebay , and commercial vendors ) , and a bottle of Ultra Ivory dishwashing detergent .
With a small rubber drum ( 1 1/2 lb size ) tumbler add maybe 200 BBs , 100 pulled 173s , fill with hot water to just above bullet / BB level .
Add about a tablespoon of ivory liquid and seal the drum with the screw lid on and put on tumbler and let it tumble for about an 45 minutes and check .
( Mine come out looking better than new Sierra Matchkings )
Take the bullets out with your fingers and dump in rinse water .
Add another hundred bullets and tumble the next batch .
Solution good for a number of cycles .
When you finish dump the solution in a big jar and save it for washing your tires or something real greasy down the road .
When you are not tumbling remove the BBs and dry them .
If you have a bigger tumbler you can tumble more bullets .
Making up a Pre Tumble Dip with Ivory and letting the bullets soak a bit before putting them in tumbler might cut down the operation to less than thirty minutes .
Thanks to Mark Humphreville for these tips .
Gun Oil Substitutes
Keep in mind that no matter what lubricant you use , you should use
the minimum amount of lube possible , in the correct places .
You want it well lubricated but not an oil field .
Synthetic Automotive Oils
Synthetic automotive oils ( such as Quaker State High Performance Synthetic , Castrol , and Mobil 1 ) work well as general lubricants and because of their detergent capabilities they will help to remove " crud . " ( Synthetic oils handle low temperatures better than regular oils . )
However , they tend to oxidize in the open air and are not very corrosion resistant .
Just remember , as with any lubricant , not to over lube things .
Valvoline Semi-Synthetic Power Steering Fluid has also been used with great success by many folks as their normal lubricant .
Straight synthetic ATF make an excellent lube if you do n't mind the red color and slight odor .
Slick Stuff
This very " oily " , ( i.e. slick , greasy ) lubricant appears to adhere very well to metal , with little or no creep .
Thus it does not appear to drain from slides and parts during extended storage .
From the formula it appears that it might not be suitable at very low temperatures .
2 parts Dexron II or III automatic transmission fluid
1 Part Mobil - 1 Synthetic Oil , 30 weight , or 10W - 30
1 Part STP Oil Treatment ( the stuff for " old " cars w/ over 30,000 mi . )
Thanks to John Nichols for this tip
Amsoil
Another excellent home brew lube is Amsoil Synthetic ATF with some lanolin added to make it even slicker .
A synthetic grease from TS Moly ( www.tsmoly.com ) called Arctic Grade TS - 67 also makes a great lube especially for cold weather .
It is a totally synthetic moly grease with the consistency of chocolate mousse .
It does not run , weep or smell ( very important for the SAF ( spousal acceptance factor ) .
It is reported to work fine at - 30 degrees .
Thanks to Roger Rothschild and Mike Gieger for this tip .
Slippery Stuff
Try 80 percent Marvel Mystery Oil mixed with 20 percent Slick 50 , or just mix ATF and STP oil treatment in a 1:1.5 ratio .
Thanks to Jim Conway for this tip .
Ed 's Red Oil
See the ER recipe for an ER compatible oil .
Just a 50/50 mix of ATF and K1 kerosene .
Lanolin
We 've mentioned lanolin in several places as an ingredient , but liquid lanolin also makes a very good warm weather , lubricant for high pressure wear spots like sears and other wear point all by itself .
It also is an excellent preservative / rust proofer ( well known to marine users in that role ) .
It has also been used as a bore conditioner for .22 RF barrels by running a lanolin soaked patch through a clean bore , followed by dry patches until nothing remains on the patches ..
An Australian company called Lanotec ( www.lanotec.com.au) sells liquid lanolin in an aerosol can but I 'm not sure if it 's available in the US .
Thanks to Dave York for reminding me of lanolin as a lube .
Automotive " moly " Grease
Excellent for sears and hammer notches - just use a little .
NOTE : WD40 is NOT a satisfactory lubricant for firearms as it tends to become gummy as it dries .
An excellent discussion of firearm lubricants is available at http://www.grantcunningham.com/lubricants101.html
Lead Removal
Liquid Solution
For really stubborn lead removal try a 50/50 mix of 3 % Hydrogen Peroxide ( the common drug store variety ) and white vinegar .
Plug the bore , fill it up using a dropper or syringe and let it stand for 2 to 3 minutes .
( Do not let it stand for too long . )
You may get some foaming so protect the barrel 's external finish as this solution is not kind to bluing .
Drain and wipe out the black muck that used to be lead and then immediately clean well with bore cleaner .
One special note .
The solution works by changing the lead to lead acetate , which is water soluble , so wear protective eye wear and latex gloves to prevent lead poisoning .
Thanks to Joe Sledge for this recipe .
Note
While most people have used this solution without a problem there have been reports of this solution pitting some mild steel barrels .
The factors involved in this seem to be the type of steel , the presence of rust in the barrel , and excessively long soak times leading to chemical changes in the solution .
I strongly recommend not letting this solution soak more than 2 to 3 minutes .
Pure turpentine has reportedly also been used as a lead remover .
Lead Removal Cloth
Lead deposits on the face of revolver cylinders and similar places can be removed with a lead wiping cloth prepared as follows .
Mix the following ingredients
500 gr - 400 grit or finer aluminum oxide powder
450 gr - kerosene or # 2 fuel oil
4 gr - lemon oil ( for a more pleasant smell )
5 gr - ammonium chloride
Evenly saturate a soft thick cotton cloth or flannel with the solution and allow to dry .
( There is no reason it wo n't work wet though . )
Carefully remove any very heavy lead deposits with a scraper and then wipe the remainder with the cloth to remove .
Notes :
The active ingredient in commercial liquid lead remover products is Ammonium Oleate ( CAS 544-60 - 5 ) .
It is however difficult to get .
Most of the formulas are basically ammonium oleate , ethanol , and some petroleum distillates as a carrier .
The copper dishwashing pads that are marketed under the brand name " Chore Boy " can be used like a Lewis Lead Remover .
Simply cut a 2 " x 3 " square of this copper mesh , fold in half and roll it onto a .45 cal .
bore brush .
This works exceptionally well .
Thank to Terry Sanders for this tip .
If the bore is not so heavily leaded that you can't see rifling , it does no harm to fire a cylinder full of full - power jacketed loads , and this will safely and effectively remove the leading without scrubbing .
In the case of extremely heavy leading which might constitute a bore obstruction , use a bronze brush and bore cleaner to get out what you can .
On very stubborn cases you may need to wrap a worn brush with 00 steel wool .
This does no harm as long as you use the wrapped brush wet with lots of bore cleaner .
Ruger de-leads revolvers this way at the factory .
Bore Paste
An excellent bore polishing paste that works as well as JB 's can be made from equal parts of BonAmi , paste wax ( like Johnson & Johnson or Butchers ) , and light oil .
The BonAmi is the " does n't scratch " product .
Regular abrasive cleansers may be too harsh for use in a bore .
Another old standby is to use a hand type automobile rubbing compound and a larger than normal sized bore brush ( say , one size larger --.25 in a .22 bore , .33 in a .30 , etc. ) .
For both of these methods you will need a rod that allows the tip to rotate as it passes through the bore .
To use either of these solutions strip the action and clamp horizontally in padded vise jaws .
Clean the barrel normally .
Then , run the rod through the bore from the breech end , attach the oversized brush and coat with the compound .
The pull it back through the bore to the chamber ( do n't allow it to clear the chamber , to help keep " stuff " out of the action ) and repeat this 25 or 30 times .
Then with the brush outside the muzzle remove the brush and then pull the rod out of the barrel .
Then attach a proper sized jag and a clean patch to the rod and from the breech work the patch back and forth several times .
Repeat this with clean patches until the patch comes out clean .
Thoroughly flush the chamber and action with solvent to remove any grit , and then reclean the bore and chamber with normal bore cleaner .
Your bore will be noticeable cleaner and smoother .
I recently tested some MAAS Metal Polishing Creme made by MAAS International .
While not designed as a bore paste it did a very nice job on smoothing out several barrels and left them very clean and shiny .
First clean the barrel normally with both regular bore cleaner and a copper remover .
Then coat a patch with the MAAS and using a tight fitting jag work it through the bore using a series of short strokes .
Repeat several times with a new patch and polish and then final clean with bore cleaner to remove any residue .
It is not as aggressive as JB or the above homemade stuff so it may not work as well on a really rough bore .
The MAAS Polishing Creme is available at some Walmart , Home Depots , Walgreens , ACE , Tru -Serv , others in a 2 ounce size for about $ 4 and on line at www.maasinc.com in a 4 ounce size for about $ 12 .
Case Tumbling Media
Many pet stores carry ground corncob media for small pet bedding .
It is usually a little coarser than most normal tumbling media but it should still be perfect for tumbling cases ( and not get stuck in flash holes ) .
Prices at my local Petsmart were about 2/3 of the shooting stuff .
For ground walnut shells many pet stores sell it in the same grit size as the shooting stuff as " lizard litter " or " bird cage litter . "
The local price seems to be about a 30 percent cheaper than the shooting product .
You can also try your phone book 's yellow pages for an industrial abrasives dealer .
While you 'll have to buy the corn cob or walnut media in 50 pound bags from them the price is usually about half ( or less ) of the price from firearms related sources , and it should keep you in clean tumbling media for the next several years .
For an extra high polish add a small amount of non-ammonia containing automotive rubbing compound to the corn cob media and run your tumbler for a few minutes before adding the cases .
If you mix up a solution of about 10 % rubbing compound and 90 % mineral spirits ( by volume ) you will have less problem with clumping and wind up with what is effectively the commercial product .
Thanks to Benjamin Hall for this tip .
A word to the wise .
If you share your home with furpeople keep your tumbling media
covered or you may find some strange " cases " in it .
Cats think its a dandy litter box filler .
Who ?
Me ?
You mean that 's NOT a litter box ?
Another case cleaning method that works well in rotary tumblers , like the 1 - gallon Thumblers Tumblers , is to use the following media .
2 lb yellow or white corn meal
1 cup plain table salt
1/4 cup corn starch
5 or 6 pieces of scrap 2 x 2 or smaller wood cut into small blocks
Add everything to the tumbler , close up the drum , and turn it on for a couple hours .
Remove cases from tumbler , shake out the media from cases .
You can blow them clean with an airgun or rinse them off if you like .
The wooden blocks seem to knock the brass around and keeps media moving in and out of cases .
They also seem to add a little extra friction to help polish and clean .
Note that corn meal does not clog the flash holes , it 's dirt cheap , and lasts for hundreds of rounds !
Thanks to Ron Martinsen for this tip .
Common table salt can also be used as an inexpensive tumbling media for small batches .
From reports it seems to work best in a rotary type tumbler .
Thanks to Gary Gonzales for this tip .
Cheap bulk rice also works as a tumbling media .
Thanks to Ron Smith for this tip .
Chemical Case Cleaning Solutions
While tumbling cases in an abrasive media provides the best finish , extremely dirty cases can be decapped first ( using a non-sizing die ) and then washed in one of the following solutions .
The final rinse in soapy water helps prevent tarnishing .
All of these methods were approved by Frankford Arsenal and will not weaken your brass .
A 5 percent solution of citric acid ( available from your drugstore ) and warm water for about 10 minutes .
If your water is very hard increase the amount of citric acid .
You can add some Dawn or Cascade dishwasher liquid soap ( which does not contain ammonia - - be careful some do ) , 409 , or Awsome to the solution for extra grease cutting ability .
Follow with a rinse in hot soapy water ( Ivory  works well ) and allow to dry .
Do n't overuse the citric acid or the brass may discolor .
A solution of 1 quart of white vinegar and 2 tablespoons of salt .
Soak with some agitation for 15 to 20 minutes and follow with a rinse of soapy hot water and allow to dry .
A solution of 1 quart of water , 1 cup white vinegar , 1 / 2 cup lemon juice , 1/ 4 cup laundry or dishwashing detergent , 1/8 cup salt .
Soak with some agitation for 15 to 20 minutes and follow with a rinse of soapy hot water and allow to dry .
This may leave brass with a slight pinkish cast which will disappear with a short tumble in media .
Military arsenals use a heated 4 percent sulfuric acid dip with a little potassium dichromate added .
The solution is heated until bubbles rise slowly without it boiling and the cases are dipped into it for 4 - 5 minutes using a basket of copper screening or plastic .
A final rinse using plain hot water is followed by hot water with Ivory  soap in it and the cases are left to drain and dry .
Because of the use of heated sulfuric acid this method is probably impractical for home use but is given here to show what can be safely used .
Cases which have been fired several times and which show signs of carbon build up internally can be rinsed in straight paint & varnish makers ( P&VM ) naphtha available at any paint store .
Decap , soak for 5 - 10 minutes , drain , allow to air dry and then tumble as usual .
Cases will be sparkling clean inside and out but not any shinier .
An interesting idea is to use an " air stone " and a small air pump from a fish aquarium tank to agitate the liquid cleaning solutions .
Thanks to Randy Wood for this tip .
Another case cleaning method is the use of an ultrasonic cleaning unit .
These units are available from several online sources and the biggest problem is finding a reasonably priced unit with about a 2 liter capacity .
While you can only clean small quantities of cases at a time this way they will be clean as new , inside and out .
Once you 've acquired the unit you 'll need to also acquire a glass beaker of sufficient size for your use and make a cover and beaker holder .
Cut a piece of Plexiglas to cover the tank and cut a hole the size of your beaker ( use a fly cutter and a drill press or jigsaw it out ) .
Make a collar for the beaker out of plastic foam that fits very snugly so the beaker can be raised or lowered .
You want the beaker to not sit on the pan of the cleaner .
Fill the cleaner tank with water and by adjusting the level of water in the tank , the liquid in the beaker , and depth of the beaker in the water it can be " tuned " so that the liquid in the beaker appears to boil while the water in the tank is calm .
This has a major effect on how long it takes to clean the cases .
For cleaning you can use either of these procedures but the second one leaves the cases the shiniest .
24 minutes - 50 - 50 Vinegar and water + 1 drop dish soap per
8 ounces water Use cool water .
Do not use hot water !!!
8 minutes - Baking Soda & water ( 1 grain BS per ounce of
water )
8 minutes - Hot Water
8 minutes - Distilled Water 24 minutes - 50 - 50 Vinegar and water + 1 Drop Dish Soap per
8 ounces water Use cool water .
Do not use hot water !!!
6 minutes - Birchwood Casey Case Cleaner *
6 minutes - Hot Water
6 minutes - Distilled Water *
The Birchwood Casey case cleaner is listed as their " Brass Cartridge Case Cleaner # 33845 "
This idea was originally presented on the 6 mm Benchrest site at http://www.6mmbr.com/ultrasonic.html by Jason Baney , and more info and test results are published there .
Steel Pin Media Information
The steel pin media is probably the neatest thing to come along in a long while but it has to be used in a rotary tumbler with a liquid cleaning solution .
There are lots of pricey additives available to make the solution , but in reality they are simply a detergent and citric acid .
To make your own cleaning solution take 1 gallon of water and add 1 - 2 tablespoons of Dawn and rounded 1/4 teaspoon of Lemi Shine dishwasher additive ( powder , not tabs ) .
Do not over add the Lemi Shine as the brass may discolor .
Lemi
Shine is available at food stores , Walmart , and from Amazon for about $ 4 for 12 ounces ( which is enough for about 75 - 80 gallons of solution .
This cleaner should also work well in ultrasonic cleaners .
In a pinch you can also use about 1/ 4 teaspoon + of cream of tartar .
With pin media the best results seem to come by using a proportion BY WEIGHT of 1 part brass , 1 - 1.5 parts media , and 2 parts liquid .
( A gallon of water weighs about 8 pounds . )
 Escaped  pins can be retrieved with a magnet wrapped in a plastic bag .
( The bag will enable you to peel the pins from the magnet . )
To help keep the brass shiny you can add about a teaspoon of Ivory liquid to the final rinse water and then allow to dry .
If you decap and / or swage primer pockets before tumbling the primer pockets will get cleaned and all sharp edges deburred .
You can store the media either wet or dry .
You can substitute Turtle Wax " Wash & Shine " for the soap .
It will leave a very slight coating on the brass that will help to prevent tarnishing .
Thanks to Ray Pilgrim for this tip .
Tumblersaurus Rex
Speaking of case tumblers ...
My buddy made up this rotary tumbler from a Harbor Freight cement mixer on closeout .
( Had to replace the cheap motor that burned out . )
Easily handles 40 + pounds of brass .
We run the steel pin media , with the cleaning solution described above .
Takes a couple of hours and cases , even grungy ones , are bright and shiny inside and out .
While it's an extra step , we have settled on depriming all cases in a deprime only die ( to avoid scratching a sizing die with the dirty cases ) and this way the primer pockets , as well as the inside of the cases , get bright and shiny .
This also has the benefit of removing any swaged fragments from swaged GI primer pockets .
The first picture is the unit with a sprayed on coating of truck bed liner inside the drum , and the second picture shows the separating basket used to dump out the pins .
The cases are dumped from the tumbler into a bucket and rinsed .
The separator is inserted , the cases dumped into it and the tumbled to remove any media and water .
After tumbling and separating the media and cases , rinse the now clean cases in a bucket with warm water with a little Ivory detergent in it , and allow to dry to help prevent tarnishing .
A " manly " case tumbler Draining / media separating basket
Case Sizing Lubricants
One of the advantages of using sprayed on lanolin as a case lube is that , in the quantities used , any residual lube has no effect on powder or primers .
Spray Lube
The spray - on case lubes are probably the best thing to happen to reloading in years .
You can make your own spray case sizing lube in bulk by mixing liquid lanolin and 99 % isopropyl alcohol .
( While you can ( kind of ) use 91 % isopropyl alcohol , its higher water content causes the lanolin to settle out and it must be shaken frequently during use .
NOTE : The more common 70 % isopropyl " rubbing alcohol " will not work at all as its water content is much to high , nor will
denatured alcohol .
work .
You need to use pure liquid lanolin as the fatty solids in anhydrous lanolin will settle out in the alcohol
Liquid lanolin , which is a refined lanolin oil with the solid fats removed ( the reason why solid anhydrous lanolin does n't work well in this application ) is available from health food stores and sources specializing in ingredients for cosmetics .
You want to get pure liquid lanolin without additives .
Online sources include VitaGlo ( http://www.vitaglo.com/7730.html) or try " Amazon.com " for other suppliers .
I just recently discovered that my local Safeway store carries 99 percent isopropyl in their drug / cosmetic isle for about $ 2.50 for a 16 ounce bottle .
Ninety - nine percent isopropyl alcohol is also available from many large paint stores ( used for some finishes ) , some electronics stores ( it 's used for cleaning electronics ) or local industrial chemical suppliers .
A solution of 1 part liquid lanolin and 4 to 5 parts parts 99 percent isopropyl alcohol ( 4 oz of liquid lanolin to16 - 20 oz of isopropyl ) works well .
When mixing you may find that the lanolin mixes better if you warm both the alcohol and lanolin in a bath of warm water to about 105 - 110 degrees F before mixing .
DO NOT WARM EITHER OF THEM OVER AN OPEN FLAME !
Once the solutions are warm , pour together , mix thoroughly , allow the mix to cool ( mix occasionally as it cools ) and store in an air tight container to prevent water from being absorbed by the isopropyl .
For a spray bottle you can use an old commercial spray lube bottle or an old pump hair spray bottle that has been thoroughly cleaned .
To apply the lube , spread the cases in a single layer on a clean surface like an oven tray ( those disposable aluminum oven liner trays are great and prevent the wrath of your chef when it is discovered that the cookie trays were used ) and lightly and evenly spray the cases .
Allow the cases to sit for a couple of minutes , roll the cases around and lightly spray again .
Wait until the alcohol has evaporated ( about 5 minutes ) and start sizing .
Properly lubed cases will have a slightly greasy feel to them without feeling slimy .
Another neat idea for spraying the cases is to put them in a plastic bag , spray , and then mix the cases , dump out on some newspaper , and let dry .
Less messy than putting the cases on an oven tray and less likely to get you in trouble with the head chef .
Thanks to Steve Dzupin for this tip .
If you have a hard time finding liquid lanolin you can mix a small tub of Hornady Unique case lube and 16 ounces of 91 % or 99 % isopropyl .
If you use the 91 % isopropyl you 'll need to shake the mix to keep it suspended .
Thanks to Daniel Cocanour for this tip .
Solid " Wipe On " Lubes
You can also use plain anhydrous lanolin straight from the can ( but not as conveniently ) for sizing by putting a little bit on your fingers ( just lightly rub your fingers across the lanolin ) and then rubbing the cases .
" Mink Oil , " a refined lanolin leather preservative also works well as a case lube .
Many large drug stores have bulk anhydrous lanolin or they will order it for you , or you can order in it 4 , 8 , or 16 ounce containers , from Majestic Mountain Sage , 2490 South 1350 West , Nibley , Utah 84321 , Phone : 435-755-0863 , or online at : http://www.thesage.com/catalog/FixedOil.html#Lanolin.
Many people have reported that they have used a little bit of STP oil treatment on their fingers or commercial water based silicone cable pulling lube as a sizing lube .
You can also use plain petroleum jelly as a case lube .
As with any of the resizing lubes use very little .
You want the cases slippery , but not greasy .
Thanks to Joe Regina for this tip .
If you are still using pads to roll your cases on for resizing you can simply use regular undyed dishwashing liquid .
Reports are that it works as well as some commercial liquid case lubes .
Simply put a very small amount on your pad and rub it in with your fingers .
Roll your cases across the pad and resize .
Thanks to Denis Allen for this soap tip .
The " Ballistol Baggy "
Put 2 or 3 drops of Ballistol in a quart size " baggie " then rub the bag sides together so there are no droplets ( you want to be able to feel the oil on the brass but not see any drops ) .
Then put in the brass and mix it around .
Works very well with 223 and 308 and does not leave dents after sizing .
Thanks to Jim Clark for this tip .
Cooking Sprays
Cooking sprays like Pam tm can be used as a case lube .
Dump cases in a plastic bag , spray on some , and shake the bag to lube the cases .
Rises off easily .
Thanks to Joe Regina for this tip
WARNING
Many of these sizing lubes , especially the spray on types , can migrate deactivate primers .
It is strongly suggested
that after sizing and depriming lubed cases that you wash them in a mild detergent to remove the lube sif you spray the case
Rust Removal
Before trying to remove rust with any of these methods it is helpful to thoroughly degrease the item and remove any paint so the rust remover can get to the rust .
After the rust is removed , rinse in warm water , dry , and coat with a light oil to prevent after - rust .
Brake Fluid
For rust removal , try automotive brake fluid .
For light rust rub it on liberally with a patch , allow it to sit for a couple of minutes and wipe off .
For heavily rusted items swab liberally with brake fluid and allow to sit over night .
Burnish the finish with a wool pad or # 0000 steel or bronze wool .
Brake fluid may be damaging to some wood finishes so make sure you keep it on the metal .
Electrolysis Rust Removal
You can remove rust from metal using electrolysis , and it will not harm the bluing .
The main advantage to this method is it gets all the rust in hard to reach places .
You will need
A plastic container that will hold the part and electrolysis solution .
Steel rod .
DO NOT USE STAINLESS STEEL AS THIS WILL PRODUCE HARMFUL BYPRODUCTS .
Water
Arm & Hammer Washing Soda ( not baking soda .
Washing soda can be found in your local grocery store with the laundry detergent .
If you cannot find washing soda , pour some baking soda -- sodium bicarbonate into a pan and heat it over low - medium heat .
Water and carbon - dioxide will cook - off leaving washing soda - sodium carbonate . )
Another source is swimming pool " PH Increaser . " which is labeled 100 % sodium carbonate . [
Thanks to Bob Head for this hint ]
Battery charger or other high amperage power supply .
Cautions :
Wear eye protection and rubber gloves when working with this solution is very alkaline and can cause irritation .
The electrolysis process breaks down water into its component parts , hydrogen and oxygen , which can be explosive .
Work outside or in a very well ventilated area .
Be sure your battery charger / power supply is unplugged before attaching or touching the leads .
In the container , mix 1 tablespoon of washing soda for each gallon of water to make up your solution .
Be sure the washing soda is thoroughly dissolved .
Place a steel rod either through the part to be cleaned ( use o- rings to prevent the part from touching the rod ) , or numerous rods around the inside of your container .
Connect these rods with wire ; these will be the anode .
You must be sure that the part to be cleaned is not touching the rod(s ) .
Suspend the part in the solution with steel cable or wire so that it makes a good electrical contact with the part ; this will become the cathode .
Connect the negative lead ( black ) to the part being cleaned , connect the positive ( red ) lead to the rod(s ) , then plug in the charger .
You will immediately begin to see bubbles ; this is hydrogen and oxygen as the water breaks down .
Allow the part to " cook " for 3 - 4 hours .
The time is dependent on the size of the part , amount of rust , and the current of the power supply .
After you remove the part , immediately clean and dry it off , then coat it with a good quality gun oil or rust preventative oil .
Thanks to Roy Seifert for this tip
Roy reports that he used this process on a 1911 frame that had a lot of surface rust all throughout the inside .
He set the frame upside down on wooden blocks in the electrolysis solution and placed a rod with o-rings through the magazine well .
He used a 1.5 amp trickle charger and left it for about 4 hours .
When finished , the frame was completely free of rust , and the bluing was intact .
Bon Ami
For light rust on stuff including mold blocks , soak with Ed's Red and then make a paste of Ed's Red and Bon Ami ( see the bore paste section ) and rub until rust is removed .
Clean with Ed's red or whatever cleaner you like and relube .
For mold blocks , degrease before using .
Molasses (!)
Molasses can be used to remove rust .
Start with a plastic container of appropriate size , stainless will also work , a piece of plastic or string with which to suspend the item to be cleaned .
Mix one part molasses with 6 to 10 parts ordinary water , and hang the item in the solution , derusting can take anywhere from a few hours to several days depending on the severity of rust , check occasionally .
When the item is clean , rinse with water , dry and immediately apply a rust preventative as a light surface rust will soon form on the clean unprotected metal .
When done you can simply dispose of the solution OR seal the container with a tight fitting lid , store it away from your house as the solution , although still effective , will develop an odor that will not endear you to those in your household .
Thanks to Robert Liegel for this tip
Citric Acid
A solution of citric acid crystals ( available from health food and some ethnic stores as well as places that sell canning supplies in 8 oz or so bags ) in enough warm water to dissolve the amount of citric acid used .
Depending on the amount of rust it may take 24 hr .
Check frequently .
Phosphoric Acid
This is available from many hardware stores .
Simply soak the item in it and check frequently .
It will also remove zinc plating .
Commercial Solution I Like ( Not homemade but it works so well I use it )
The best thing I have found for rust removal is the commercial product Evapo - Rust sold by Orison Marketing ( http://www.orisonmarketing.com/evapo-rust.html).
It is environmentally safe and non-corrosive to steel .
It does not harm brass , copper , aluminum , gold , lead , titanium , steel , cast iron , chrome , solder points , vinyl , plastic , rubber , silicone , glass , cork , or wood .
It can be used over and over until it absolutely stops working .
( They claim that one gallon de-rusts up to 300 pounds of light to moderately rusted steel . ) .
Depending on the level of rust it works in 30 minutes to 24 hours .
Heating the solution to about 80 deg F speeds the process .
Stock Finish Repair
This tip is n't quite a cleaner / lube but it is worth while .
To repair scratches on varnished or epoxy finished stocks try automotive " clear coat " touch up paint available at auto parts stores in little bottles with a brush in the touch up paint section .
Black Powder Stuff
Patch Lube
An excellent patch lube for black powder can be made with 1 part anhydrous lanolin or saddle soap , 2 parts " rust inhibiting water soluble oil , " * and 1 part Murphy 's Oil Soap .
Shake well and apply to patches before loading .
Cleaning is much easier when using this lube .
* Arco Emulsiplex or NAPA Soluble Cutting and Grinding Oil ( 765-1525 ) , Trimsol , Lyondell Satisol , or Tooltex cutting fluid can be used .
Thanks to George Stantis for this tip .
Bore Cleaners
Many black powder shooters swear by Simple Green and of all things Windex " glass cleaner with vinegar . "
*** WARNING ! DO NOT USE SIMPLE GREEN TO CLEAN ALUMINUM OR ANODIZED ALUMINUM ITEMS .
***
If you will be using Ed's Red mostly for black powder and old chlorate primed military ammo , there is a modification to ER that may be of interest .
Substitute a " fire retardant hydraulic fluid concentrate , " or " rust inhibiting water soluble oil " suited for water hydraulics for four fluid oz . of the ATF in a gallon mix of ER .
The resulting mix will form a stable emulsion when mixed in a 50 - 50 ratio with distilled water ( NOT tap water ) .
The resulting mix is very similar to " Moose Milk " , though it may actually be better .
To do this , mix the ER as usual , substituting the water soluble oil for 1/8 of the ATF in the mix , or 4 oz .
if you are adding a quart of ATF to mix a gallon of ER .
Once the ER is mixed , heat the distilled water just short of the boiling point , steaming with bubbles just beginning to form , and pour this SLOWLY into the Ed's Red while stirring .
It should form a pink , soapy looking liquid like Pepto Bismol .
Arco Emulsiplex or Trimsol , Lyondell Satisol , or Tooltex cutting fluid concentrate , or other water soluble cutting oils are suitable , as long as they DO NOT contain any chlorine or sulfur .
That 's also why you should use distilled water instead of tap water .
Another black powder cleaner that is being used by Civil War re-enactors is composed of 1 part rubbing alcohol ( 70 % or 91 % ) 1 part hydrogen peroxide ( typical 3 percent drugstore kind ) , and 1 part Murphy 's Oil Soap or a generic equivalent .
It cuts Black Powder ( even caked on residue that has been left from one event to the next ) very quickly .
Because of the alcohol , it does tend to eliminate most of the oil it comes into contact with , so be sure to lightly oil everything unless you are going to be firing immediately .
Thanks to Warren Harrison for this recipe
Here 's another BP cleaner
4 -6 Oz. of Murphy 's Oil Soap
4 drops of regular Dawn dish washing soap
2 - 4 caps full ( about 3/4 ounce ) of drug store hydrogen peroxide ( 3 % )
Distilled water to make 1 quart .
You can use more Murphy 's Oil Soap for really dirty barrels .
Thanks to Darrell Vibbert for this one
Another recommendation is aerosol engine degreaser .
Spray on , let soak , wipe off , and final clean with your favorite cleaner .
This should also work on cosmoline coat firearms too .
Thanks to Don Peebles for this tip .
Plastic Wad Fouling Removal
While many commercial cleaning products claim to " dissolve " plastic wad fouling , the plastic used in most wads , HDPE ( high density polyethylene ) , is n't easily dissolved with common or safe chemicals .
( Xylene at temperatures above 75 deg C / 167 deg F and THF ( Tetrahydrofuran ) are typically mentioned solvents . )
Remington claims their wads are a " polymer material " and claims that their " Action Cleaner " ( which is nothing more the naphtha , CAS # 64742-48 - 9 , according to the MSDS sheet ) will dissolve their wad fouling .
Try soaking a wad in your cleaner and see what happens .
What does help to remove plastic fouling are solvents that have great penetrating abilities and which get under the plastic fouling allowing it to be removed .
Acetone , Kroils , Ed's Red , and even WD40 have been reported as good plastic removers when coupled with a tight new brush or fine steel wool .
I once cleaned a shotgun barrel that wad material melted into the surface when a sight was removed .
I thoroughly wet the wad mark area with Ed's Red , let it stand during lunch , and it disappeared with two passes of a 10 ga brush spun in a drill .
Ultrasonic Cleaner Solutions
For general parts cleaning in a ultrasonic cleaner you can use Ed's Red or the citrus based cleaner mentioned above .
Also recommended are :
Straight odorless mineral spirits
1 part Simple Green and 6 parts water ( Do n't use on aluminum )
1 part Dawn detergent ( without the bleach ) and 4 to 6 parts water .
Note that with the exception of Ed's Red these solutions will remove ALL oils and grease so you MUST coat all parts with a light oil after cleaning and drying .
Handling Static Electricity
Annoying " static cling " can be a real problem with powder handling , especially in dry areas like Arizona or other places when the normal humidity drops .
There are several ways to beat this that can be used by themselves or together .
Wipe powder hopper , powder handling equipment , and your work surface with a fragrance free dryer sheet .
Electrically ground your powder hopper and reloading machine .
If you have a Formica covered table , ground it too .
Spray the floor in your work area with a mix of 1 part fabric softener to 3 parts water and let dry .
Install a portable humidifier in your reloading area .
Some Miscellaneous Tips
This section will contain odds and end that you mat find helpful .
Submit your tips by clicking here .
Cleaning Aluminum From Files .
Ever file a piece of aluminum and get the file 's teeth clogged with aluminum ?
While sometimes you can get it out with a " file card " , it is usually almost impossible to remove .
If this is the case , find a short piece of copper tubing .
Split one end , flatten it out , and square it .
Take the flattened end , and on an area where the file is clean run the copper flat in the direction of the file teeth ( across the file ) , generating small teeth .
Then use the tool to scrape out the aluminum by running it across the file .
If you have read this far , here are some non- gun related formula that you will appreciate .
Eye Glass Cleaner
First of all , DO NOT ( EVER ) wipe your dirty lenses with a dry cloth of any type .
You will eventually scratch the lenses .
Always clean them " wet . "
Tired of paying those ridiculous prices for a small bottle of eye glasses cleaning solution ?
Make your own !
This is the " Ed's Red " of eye glasses cleaners .
3 oz - water ( tap is ok , distilled is preferred )
1.5 oz - 91 % or 99 % Isopropyl alcohol
5 - 10 drops " liquid detergent * ( 10 drops is approximately 0.5 cc or a little less than 1/8 teaspoon per 4 or 5 oz of the water / alcohol mix .
Call it 1 part isopropyl , 2 parts water , and add 1/8 tsp of Dawn per 4 oz of the mix * Non-ionic detergents , such as Ivory Liquid or Joy ( Proctor & Gamble ) are preferred for this formula , but the blue Dawn detergent or " Softsoap " brand " antibacterial " clear liquid hand soap work OK too .
Start with the smaller amount of detergent and work up as too much detergent ( especially Dawn ) may leave a film .
Fill your old spray bottle and shake well .
Allow to sit till the foam dissipates before using .
To clean your glasses , rinse them with warm water to remove heavy grit and dust , spray with the cleaner , let sit a couple of seconds , rinse with water again ( this removes the lifted residue and soap ) , and wipe dry with a clean , soft cloth ( the micro - fiber cloths are particularly good ) .
If your lenses have n't been well cleaned in awhile you may want to repeat this process .
Thanks to Dr. John for this tip .
NOTE : While you can use this solution on camera and scope lenses DO NOT spray directly on the lenses .
Blow any heavy dust off the lens and then spray the solution on a soft lint free or micro- fiber cloth , and then clean .
I have been asked " why rinse before and after before drying ? "
This ensures that all the junk gets removed before you wipe and scratch the lens .
If you have REALLY grimy , greasy , glasses , use warm running water to rinse off any gritty smutz ( a technical term for crud on eye glasses ) and put a couple of drops of Dawn detergent on each side of the lens , add a couple of drops of warm water , and using your clean fingers gently rub the lens surfaces , the edges of the lens , and frame and nose pieces ( you'd be surprised how much stuff is on the edges of the lenses and frames ) for a couple of seconds .
Rinse thoroughly with warm water , and reclean with your spray cleaner , and dry with a micro - fiber cloth .
As an alternative ( my favorite ) , fill a small plastic container , about 1 ½ to 2 inches deep with very warm water and a teaspoon or so of blue Dawn .
Fold the ear pieces and let soak for 5 or so minutes .
Rinse well with warm water and dry with a soft clean cloth .
You wo n't believe how clean your glasses will be , and it also gets all the oil and grease on the nose pieces , lens edges , and frames ..
Speaking of micro- fiber lens cloths .
Do n't forget to wash them occasionally to remove any embedded dirt .
I just put them in a jar with some warm water and a few drops of detergent , shake well , rinse well , and air dry .
If I have a lot of them I wash them in batches , sorted by how dirty they are ) in the washing machine .
( Do n't use bleach or fabric softener . )
Soap Scum Remover
Ever try to clean a tub or shower that is coated with soap scum ?
While you can use expensive commercial cleaners the following works just as well and maybe even better .
1 part - Dawn " blue " dishwashing liquid
1 - 2 part -
White vinegar ( 5 % or greater )
Mix together in a spray bottle and shake well before each use .
Spray on all surfaces and allow to stand for a minute or two .
Scrub with either a " magic eraser " or a non scratch type of ScotchBriteTM pad ( usually red or blue ) .
Rinse well and dry the surfaces .
Really stubborn spots may need additional treatments .
Once everything is clean , clean weekly to avoid buildup .
Window Cleaner
In a pinch , generic automotive windshield washer fluid ( particularly the solutions with " bug remover " ) works great .
Fill your spray bottle and clean away .
For a truly do - it - yourself recipe try :
1 cup 91 % Isopropyl alcohol ( rubbing alcohol )
1 cup water ( use distilled water if you live in a hard water area )
1/4 cup distilled white vinegar
1/2 teaspoon blue Dawn detergent
Pet Odors
While you can buy commercial products ( such as Orison Marketing 's EXPEL which is probably the best commercial product ) to eliminate " oops ! " odors , in a pinch you can use white vinegar either straight or diluted 2 parts vinegar to 1 part water .
First blot up any wet spots and then THOROUGHLY soak with the vinegar solution , and allow to sit for several minutes ( It has to completely reach the source - all the way to the bottom - not just the top layer - as do any other products ) .
Then suck up the liquid with a carpet cleaner or a wet / dry vac .
Allow to dry ( the vinegar smell will go away . )
Deep Cleaner
This works wonders on dirty fabric car seats and seat belts and bad spot stains on carpets .
In a spray bottle add ;
6 oz Dawn Ultra
6 oz 91-99 % Isopropyl alcohol
1 - 2 oz ( about 30 " squirts ) OxyClean Max Spray
Hot water to make 32 oz
Spray on area thoroughly soak the stain and area around it .
Gently work into the stain with the back of a spoon .
Let stand for a minute or so .
Then using another spray bottle with warm water and using your wet / dry shop vac , spray on the water generously and suck up with the vac .
Or you can use an extractor ( the wand attachment with sprayer on a carpet cleaner will do ) and use it to spray the water and suck up the liquid .
Repeat as needed .
Wipe with a soft cloth and let dry .
Weed Killer
A quite good weed killer can be made with simple ingredients .
1 tsp Dawn
1 Gallon white vinegar .
If you can get the 12 to 20 % strong vinegar , even better .
1 cup table salt .
Mix thoroughly and spray on weeds .
Do n't leave the solution in your pump sprayer as the salt will corrode the metal in the pump .
Flush with water before storing .
Bug Killer
This is instant death on flies but takes a little longer on other bugs .
2 tsp Dawn
16 oz water
Can be sprayed on vegetables .
Garden Bug Repellant
This works very well on vegetables too .
1 tsp 3 % Hydrogen Peroxide
16 oz water
Dawn " Saver " Adapter
Since we 've been talking about Dawn , have you ever gotten frustrated trying to get the last of the Dawn out of the bottle .
Here 's a tip .
Save two tops from Dawn bottles , and cut / sand the snap cap and spout off of them .
( I chucked them in a lathe . )
Sand them flush and glue together using a glue that works on plastic .
( I used a product called " GOOP . " ) .
To use screw the old bottle into one side and the other goes on the new bottle .
Let stand for a couple of hours until everything is transferred .
Please email comments to Fr. Frog by clicking here .
| Back to Fr. Frogs Homepage | Back to Page 4 of Q&A |
Disclaimer
As far as I know all the information presented above is correct and I have attempted to ensure that it is .
However , I am not responsible for any errors , omissions , or damages resulting from the use or misuse of this information , nor for your doing something stupid with it .
( Do n't you hate these disclaimers ?
So do I , but there are people out there who refuse to be responsible for their own actions and who will sue anybody to make a buck . )
1.2.1 release
We released Shiira 1.2.1 .
It is the Universal Binary .
Shiira can run natively on both PowerPC and Intel based Mac .
And we implemented the auto filling feature .
Your user names and passwords are automatically filled in the Web form .
They are stored in the Keychain which is a standard password management tool of Mac OS X .
What 's new of 1.2.1
Build as Universal Binary
Implemented the auto filling
Go to Screenshots for 1.2.x functionality .
