I spent two months reading this classic tale of a young girl who went through different odd- ventures in wonderland .
Yes , Alice ’s Adventures in Wonderland took me quite sometime to finish with the whole story since I have to juggle reading with work , video games , internet surfing and among other things .
I do n’t normally just sit down and grab a book like most people who dedicate their lives into the four corners of every book they read .
Though I find this book a little bit inappropriate for my age , I still find Alice ’s Adventures in Wonderland interesting and entertaining ; one good subject to enhance my vivid imagination .
Side bits About this Book
Alice ’s Adventures in Wonderland is generally known as Alice in Wonderland because most film and television adaptations were using the said title , instead of its original name .
The novel was originally written by an English author Reverend Charles Lutwidge Dodgson under the pseudonym Lewis Carrol in 1865 for a 10 - year old girl named Alice Liddell , daughter of Henry George Liddell , the Vice - chancellor of Oxford University and Dean of Christ Church .
Reverend Charles Lutwidge Dodgson together with Reverend Robinson Duckworth met
Alice with her sisters three years before the book was written .
On their journey with the girls , Reverend Dodgson told the story about a bored little girl named Alice who goes looking for some adventures .
The girls loved it and Alice Pleasance Liddell asked Dodgson to write it down for her and on November 26 , 1864 , he gave Alice the handwritten manuscript of Alice ’s Adventures Under Ground , with illustrations by Dodgson himself .
Hence , the story of the little girl Alice and her adventures was finally published in 1865 carrying the title of Alice ’s Adventures in Wonderland by “ Lewis Carroll ” with illustrations by John Tenniel .
Alice ’s Adventures in Wonderland | The Synopsis
Little Alice is getting very bored while sitting with her sister who is reading a book by the riverbank .
While trying to sneak a look on the book that which her sister is reading she thought of how useless it is since it does n’t contain any pictures and conversations at all .
The hot day made her feel very sleepy and stupid so she was considering on whether the pleasure of making a daisy - chain would be worth the trouble of getting up when suddenly a White Rabbit with a pink eyes caught her attention .
The White Rabbit is running late , who actually took a watch out of his waistcoat - pocket .
She hurriedly followed the rabbit until she fell down on a rabbit hole and when she hits the bottom , she finds herself standing in a peculiar room with locked doors of different sizes .
Alice notice a small door that leads to a beautiful garden but her current size wo n’t fit through .
When she saw a bottle at the table which is labeled “ DRINK ME ” , she drinks it and it causes her to shrink enough to fit through the small door .
But regrettably , she left the key high above the table ; just when she finds a cake under the table with the words “ EAT ME ” on it .
She ate it and the cake makes her grow so tall that her head struck against the roof of the hall .
And because she got all frustrated for what she ’s been going through , she began to cry and this causes a large pool all around her .
When the White Rabbit returns he was startled at Alice that he drops the gloves and the fan he is holding .
When Alice took the fan and the gloves and started fanning herself for the hall was very hot , she began to shrink .
Alice swims through her own tears and meet a Mouse , who is also swimming on the pool of tears .
She started a small talk but could only say something about her cat Dinah , which just offends the poor little mouse .
And soon this pool of tears becomes crowded with animals and they all swim to shore and talks about how to dry again .
A Dodo suggested for a Caucus - Race and Alice gave the winners some sugar coated sweets .
And they ended up talking about her cat which causes a remarkable sensation among the animals .
When the White Rabbit appears again , he asked Alice to go back to his house and get his gloves and fan .
When she finds another bottle and drinks from it , she grows so large that she has to stick one arm out of the window and her foot up the chimney .
Outside she hears the animals talking and the next thing she knew , they were throwing pebbles at her which turns into little cakes .
When she ate it , she began shrinking , then she went out running till she finds herself in a thick woods .
And there she met an enormous puppy with large round eyes , and feebly stretching out one paw , trying to touch her .
Moving on to her adventure , she came upon a mushroom and sitting on it is a Caterpillar smoking a long hookah , wherein she was asked with questions that which makes her admits to her current identity crisis .
She was even called a serpent by a pigeon when she shrunk too much that she thought her arms and shoulders were gone and she seemed to rise like a stalk out of sea of green leaves .
Then she met an odd looking footman and called it Fish - Footman .
The Fish - footman carried an invitation for the Duchess of the house to play croquet , of which he delivers to a Frog -Footman .
She enters the Duchess ’ house and welcomes herself .
She saw the Duchess cook and is throwing dishes and making soup which has too much pepper that which causes Alice , the Duchess and her baby to sneeze violently .
The Duchess flings the baby to Alice and let her nurse it a bit while she leaves to play croquet with the Queen .
Stirring on , Alice bumped into a tea party with the March Hare , the Hatter and the Dormhouse .
The conversation began rolling ;
Alice was all the more insulted with all the riddles , stories and remarks of the three beings .
So , she left and picked her way through the woods while saying that it was the stupidest tea party that she had ever been to .
To continue with her adventures , she met the King and Queen of Hearts and was asked to play croquet with them .
As the game of croquet begins , with flamingos as the mallets and hedgehogs as the balls , the Queen charges more people to death .
Then she met a Gryphon who takes her to the Mock Turtle .
The Mock Turtle tries to tell her a story about how he used to be a real turtle in school and so on until the Gryphon drags her away for an awaiting trial about a stolen tarts .
After her arguments with the King and Queen of Hearts during the ridiculous proceedings , the Queen ordered to behead Alice but the brave Alice was n’t frightened at all , calling them out as nothing but just a pack of cards .
Then Alice ’s sister wakes her up and told her she has a long sleep while brushing gently some dead leaves that had fluttered down from the trees upon her face .
“ Be what you would seem to be ” –or if you ’d like it put
more simply –“ Never imagine yourself not to be otherwise than
what it might appear to others that what you were or might have
been was not otherwise than what you had been would have appeared
to them to be otherwise . ”
Scanning through the book , Alice ’s Adventures in Wonderland comprises lots of morals , life ’s lessons and enchanting courage ; the guts to face reality and the daring act of just being yourself and believe in your dreams and what you are capable of .
The true beauty and wonders is not measure by what we see thru our naked eyes but what we reckon it to be inside our heart .
Andrew Witty is not quite as young or as buff as Anderson Cooper , but he does do interviews in shirtsleeves from the slums of Nairobi and rural hospitals in Uganda .
What makes that unusual is that Mr. Witty is not a roving CNN anchor , but the chief executive of GlaxoSmithKline , the world ’s second - largest drug company .
Besides being the youngest person in such a post  he was appointed in 2008 at age 43  he is also making a name for himself by doing more for the world ’s poor than any other leader of a colossus of Big Pharma .
“ I want GSK to be a very successful company , but not by leaving the population of Africa behind , ” Mr. Witty said in an interview .
“ In any village hospital , you can see the beds filled with women and babies severely febrile with malaria , staring into space , and you wonder :
Who ’s taking care of the other children ?
It ’s so obvious , the damage that ’s being done . ”
Kindergeld nich bekommen
Seit Juli 2020 ( letzter Termin der auszahlung ) ist das Kindergeld für meinen jüngsten nicht behinderten Sohn abgelaufen ... gleich neuen antrag gestellt , vermerkt das die schulbescheinigung ab August nachgereicht wird sobald sie uns vorliegt .
Schulbescheinigung im August 2020 bekommen und per Fax , Brief und Mail mit Kindergeldnummer an die Kasse geschickt .
Neuer auszahltermin sollte der 14.9 sein , nix passiert .
Anruf beim Service Center der Familienkasse aber keine Auskunft bekommen da ich noch einen schwerbehinderten weiteren
Sohn habe der auch bei mir lebt und man mir deswegen keine telefonische Auskunft geben darf .
Auf weitere Mail und Fax keine Antwort bekommen auch eine bitte um Rückruf blieb unbeantwortet .
Das kuriose ich bekomme für meinen jüngeren nich behinderten Sohn , obwohl kein kindergeld seit 2 Monaten kommt den kinderzuschlag weiter gezahlt !
.. verstehe ich alles nicht mehr .
An wen kann ich mich noch wenden ?
Wer kann helfen ?
Hab alles versucht was mir eingefallen ist .
January 28 , 2010
HOWARD ZINN , an activist and author for half a century and probably the best - known voice of the U.S. left , died January 27 at the age of 87 .
Howard was a fixture of countless struggles for justice and equality in the U.S. over many long decades .
He was as determined in his 80s as he was many years before as a witness and participant in the great battles of the civil rights movement and the fight against the Vietnam War .
He died of a heart attack in Santa Monica , Calif. , where he was enjoying a few days ' vacation .
But according to friends , he was also looking forward to his next speaking event in a week 's time -- to a packed audience , as always .
Howard is best remembered for A People 's History of the United States , which taught millions about the hidden tradition of protest , resistance and rebellion in America .
A People 's History has sold over 2 million copies -- it 's almost unique in the publishing world for continuously selling more copies each year than it did the year before .
In 2004 , Howard and coauthor Anthony Arnove produced a companion volume -- Voices of a People 's History of the United States , which compiled speeches , articles and essays , poetry and song lyrics from those who were a part of the struggles chronicled in A People 's History .
Voices brought the words of Frederick Douglass , Sojourner Truth , Eugene V. Debs , Fannie Lou Hamer and many , many more to a new generation .
Howard Zinn speaks at the 2009 Campaign to End the Death Penalty convention ( Eric Ruder | SW )
In December , Voices was brought to film in a magnificent two - hour program seen by millions of people on The History Channel .
Selections from the book were performed by a remarkable cast of actors like Morgan Freeman , Matt Damon and Marisa Tomei ; musical artists like John Legend and Bruce Springsteen ; and poets like Staceyann Chin .
Besides A People 's History and Voices , there were so many other books .
SNCC : The New Abolitionists reported from the front lines of the civil rights struggle in the early 1960s .
A range of writings over decades , from Vietnam : The Logic of Withdrawal to Terrorism and War , challenged militarism and imperialism .
Zinn also showed off his talents as a playwright -- among his plays were Emma , about anarchist Emma Goldman , and Marx in Soho , which brought Karl Marx back to life in modern - day Soho in New York City to reflect on the relevance of socialist ideas today .
" His writings , " Noam Chomsky wrote in a passage quoted by the Boston Globe , " have changed the consciousness of a generation , and helped open new paths to understanding and its crucial meaning for our lives . "
BUT CHOMSKY rightly went on to add : " When action has been called for , one could always be confident that he would be on the front lines , an example and trustworthy guide . "
If Howard gained his greatest renown as a historian , his own life displayed the same courage and commitment as the struggles that he chronicled -- he lived his life as a part of the fight for a better world .
Howard was born in 1922 in New York City , the son of working - class Jewish immigrants .
After attending school , he went to work in the Brooklyn Navy Yards , where he was an agitator on the shop floor from the start .
He joined the Army Air Force during the Second World War and served as a bombardier -- a mission in 1945 involved one of the first uses of napalm .
The experience informed his opposition to war in the years after -- as he often pointed out in speeches , the stated claim that the " good war " was about defeating fascism was in conflict with the U.S. government 's ruthless pursuit of political and business interests .
After the war , Howard was able to attend New York University on the GI Bill , studying history .
In 1956 , he was hired to be a professor at Atlanta 's Spelman College , a historically Black women 's college .
The civil rights movement was brewing as he and his wife Rosyln arrived in the South .
Howard was a witness to its battles , serving as an adviser to young student activists , some of whom went on to form the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee .
But he was also a participant in sit-ins and marches .
After being fired for championing the protests of Spelman students against the conservative college administration , Howard came north to teach at Boston University .
There , he was part of the early movement against the Vietnam War .
In 1968 , as liberation fighters launched the Tet Offensive , Howard visited the North Vietnamese capital of Hanoi with another leading activist , Rev. Daniel Berrigan .
In the U.S. , Howard helped publicize the Pentagon Papers - - a damning indictment of U.S. war plans leaked by military insider Daniel Ellsberg .
His lean frame was a familiar sight on the speakers ' platform at antiwar protests on Boston Common and around the country .
Howard 's commitment to protest continued throughout his life , whether the cause was opposing U.S. wars in the Middle East , challenging the criminal injustice system , defending the rights of union workers , or speaking up for the victims of government repression .
He was selfless with his time , answering countless invitations from many different movements and struggles .
At the heart of it was Howard 's understanding that it was possible to achieve justice , but only if ordinary people fought for it .
As he put it in a speech a year ago that was published at SocialistWorker.org :
We are citizens .
We must not put ourselves in the position of looking at the world from [ the politicians ' ] eyes and say , " Well , we have to compromise , we have to do this for political reasons . "
We have to speak our minds .
This is the position that the abolitionists were in before the Civil War , and people said , " Well , you have to look at it from Lincoln 's point of view . "
Lincoln did n't believe that his first priority was abolishing slavery .
But the anti-slavery movement did , and the abolitionists said , " We 're not going to put ourselves in Lincoln 's position .
We are going to express our own position , and we are going to express it so powerfully that Lincoln will have to listen to us . "
And the anti-slavery movement grew large enough and powerful enough that Lincoln had to listen .
That 's how we got the Emancipation Proclamation and the 13th and 14th and 15th Amendments .
That 's been the story of this country .
Where progress has been made , wherever any kind of injustice has been overturned , it 's been because people acted as citizens , and not as politicians .
They did n't just moan .
They worked , they acted , they organized , they rioted if necessary .
IN A country with a long record of violently suppressing resistance and then erasing it from the history books , the importance of what Howard contributed can't be overstated .
As Nation columnist and SocialistWorker.org contributor Dave Zirin wrote in tribute to Howard :
With his death , we lose a man who did nothing less than rewrite the narrative of the United States .
We lose a historian who also made history .
Anyone who believes that the United States is immune to radical politics never attended a lecture by Howard Zinn .
The rooms would be packed to the rafters , as entire families , black , white and brown , would arrive to hear their own history made humorous as well as heroic .
" What matters is not who 's sitting in the White House .
What matters is who 's sitting in ! " he would say with a mischievous grin .
After this casual suggestion of civil disobedience , the crowd would burst into laughter and applause .
Only Howard could pull that off because he was entirely authentic .
Howard was an inspiration to all of us on the left , especially in the times when we were fighting difficult battles and not winning many .
His writings taught us that the resistance to oppression lives on -- and that the struggles of ordinary people have the potential to change the world .
They also taught us something else : that every high point of struggle is only possible because of the smaller battles that came before it -- ultimately , that it matters what individuals do now to oppose injustice and to organize for the future .
The words that end Howard 's autobiography , You Can't Be Neutral on a Moving Train , are the best tribute to his extraordinary life :
Some Republicans are having great fun laughing about the recent snowstorms on the East Coast .
They pretend that global warming would , if real , somehow eliminate winter .
Therefore , the fact that we still have winter must mean that global warming is n’t real .
Somehow , “ Snowmageddon ” in DC trumps lack of snow in Vancouver , B.C. , for the Winter Olympics , at least as far as U.S. political theater .
( They ’re having to truck in snow for Olympic events ! )
Senator Jim DeMint , R - S.C. , he of “ let ’s make health care Obama ’s Waterloo , ” tweeted that “ it ’s going to keep snowing in DC until Al Gore cries ‘ uncle . ' ”
Another right - wing loon , Senator James Inhofe of Oklahoma , had some aides construct an igloo and label it “ Al Gore ’s Home . ”
Even some Democratic senators are claiming that the snowstorms in DC make it much less likely that any climate change legislation will pass this year , because it makes it more difficult to argue that global warming is an imminent danger .
This blizzard of nonsense has everything to do with right - wing campaigns and nothing to do with reality .
Climate scientists , and climate change campaigners , never claimed that global warming would somehow magically eliminate winter instantaneously .
The world ’s global average temperature over a year continues to rise , but we will also continue to have seasons .
Global warming does n’t mean that it will be hot everywhere all the time , right now .
Winter wo n’t disappear .
There will still be snowstorms .
There will still be icy conditions on our roadways some of the time .
One trick the climate change deniers use is to take the long - term projections of climate scientists , their most dire warnings , and pretend that if the worst does n’t happen right now , this instant , the whole idea must be false .
What the scientists are telling us , rather , is that we are on a path to catastrophe in the long run .
If all the ice in Greenland melts , sea levels will rise more than 20 feet .
No one is claiming that sea levels will rise that much this year , or next , or even for many decades .
But , if we do n’t act now , we turn the dire predictions into self - fulfilling prophecies .
If we do n’t stop the long - term buildup of greenhouse gasses in the atmosphere , we will accelerate the melting of Greenland .
The fact that sea levels are n’t swamping Florida this week neither proves nor disproves these predictions .
There is another bit of phony reasoning hidden in the deniers ’ frivolity and sarcasm .
Even though snow is certainly identified with winter , more snow does not disprove global warming .
With warmer climates , there is more evaporation , putting more potential precipitation into the clouds , which will come down as snow during winter .
More snow is actually more proof of global warming , as counter - intuitive as that sounds .
Global climate change theory predicts many more extreme weather of many kinds , from more devastating hurricanes to more intense floods and droughts , to more just plain “ weird weather ” events .
Global climate change is happening on a much faster timeline than in the past , if you look at geologic eras .
But faster does n’t mean instantly .
Rather than the ice sheets melting over thousands of years , it will likely be a few hundred , unless we act now .
Just because a threat may take decades to fully manifest itself , that does n’t mean that the threat is n’t immanent .
Greenhouse gasses accumulate in the atmosphere .
Every additional ton of carbon dioxide that goes up stays there for about a hundred years .
So unless we stop adding to that accumulation , we are adding to the problem , and making it more difficult to solve in the future .
If we wait until the storm surges are lapping Wall Street in lower Manhattan , it will be too late to solve the problem , for two reasons .
One , because so much global warming pollution will have accumulated that we can’t reduce it fast enough to stop the problems from getting worse .
Second , because once it gets warm enough , we will pass several tipping points that will overwhelm anything humanity does to slow global warming .
For example , as the ice melts in the Arctic ( already happening at a fast pace ) , less ice means less of the sun ’s rays are reflected back into space and more are absorbed by the darker ocean that is now exposed .
This speeds up warming in the Arctic , already happening much faster than in the continental U.S.
As it gets warmer , the permafrost which covers much of the far north will melt ( as is already happening in Alaska - just look at pictures of collapsing houses and telephone poles . ) .
That permafrost contains many millions of tons of frozen greenhouse gases including carbon dioxide and methane , which are released as the melting occurs .
If we get to the point where the permafrost is melting much more rapidly , so much greenhouse gas will be emitted that human efforts will be dwarfed , no matter how radically we reduce our emissions .
We have to turn around before we reach that point .
That ’s why we have to act now , so we do n’t create a crisis which is unsolvable on a human timeframe .
So even if there is lots of snow , we still have to act sooner rather than later .
Photo : Street scene in Baltimore this week .
The Feb. 10 blizzard broke the city ’s snowfall record , dumping 18 - 20 inches on top of the 26 inches that fell Feb .
5 - 6 . ( PW / Tim Wheeler )
There was an error while trying to subscribe .
Please , try again later
This email does not exists !
Please , enter correct email
Thank you for subscribing to our newsletter !
The world fastest recently introduced by China has a maximum speed of 245 mph ( 394 km / h ) with an average speed of 217 mph ( 350 km / h ) .
The train is developed by Siemens , Bombardier and Alstom .
According to China Railway minister it is currently the fastest train on the surface of earth .
China is preparing special speed tracks for this train which will be completed in 2012 .
42 different projects of spreading speed lines are currently in progress for the train .
After the completion of these new tracks , c
The new speed tracks of railways lines will increased from 53,437 miles to 74,564 miles .
Source : www.pickchur.com, 4rail.net
Share : You Might Also Like : loading ...
Beherit is a black metal band from Rovaniemi , Finland .
The band was formed in 1989 by Nuclear Holocausto ( Marko Laiho ) , Demon Fornication ( Jari Vaarala ) and Sodomatic Slaughter ( Jari Pirinen ) , with the purpose of performing " the most primitive , savage , hell - obsessed black metal imaginable " .
" Beherit " is the Syriac word for Satan .
Through the uncommercial nature of their music , visuals and live performances , the band quickly attracted a cult following .
Besides the " raw " sound , the band 's music is noted for its avant - garde side and emphasis on atmosp … read more
Resourceful With Resources
The Benefit Of Restriction
Equal Opportunity Destroyer
Hell - now there 's a setting for a video game .
Hell lets a game 's artists and writers run naked and wild and free , and in just - released indie strategy gameit also happens to tease out some hugely intelligent design ideas .
I 'm glad for that , because it balances out the damage done to my precious brain every time I see footage from .
Man , that game .
You take not only a nonviolent epic poem but the single most nightmarish and psychedelic setting known to Western civilization and you use it to make ... aclone ?
Are you kidding ?
By contrast , is a turn - based , play - by - email creation , and it's my second favourite game this year .
Good year for demons , I guess .
Despite the hex map , is n't quite a war game .
It 's all about prestige .
The story of any game ofgoes like this : Satan 's missing , and the Infernal Conclave are meeting to appoint a new ruler of Hell in , oh , some 40 turns .
It 's an unknown number that changes every game .
Each player ( AI or human ) controls an Archfiend of some reknown , and the Archfiend with the most Prestige points when the conclave meets at the end of the game is appointed the new ruler of Hell .
Reputation is everything , making it a game of personality and public relations , back - room deals and threats .
So , having to fight a war is useless and to be avoided .
But winning a war , or being the Fiend with the balls to start one ?
Yeah , that might be worth your time .
The principle way of getting Prestige is taking control of the places of power scattered randomly across the map .
The Halls of Avarice , the Tree of Woe , the Gates of Hell and so on .
March one of your legions over to it , successfully do battle with the demons inside and it 's yours .
Nice !
But about 10 turns into a game all of these places will have been taken , which is , of course , when the lot of you start hungrily eyeing up your neighbours ' places of power .
But you can't ( publicly ) attack another player without the Infernal Conclave 's OK .
That 's where diplomacy comes in , which in Sol Infernum comes down to either poking or stroking egos .
Your options are : Demand something of another Archfiend , insult them , or send them a gift .
If you make a demand and the other player does n't hand it over , you lose prestige but then get the chance to start a short , Conclave - sponsored war known as a vendetta .
Insult someone and you 'll take prestige from them , unless they rebuke the insult by declaring a vendetta against you .
As for gifts , if a player accepts a gift ( usually resources of some kind ) then they lose the ability to insult or make demands from the gift - giver for a while .
But you can also humiliate any emissaries sent to you bear gifts , which acts like an insult .
Tricky , tricky .
But then , of course it 's tricky .
This is Hell .
Nothing is simple , everything is skewed and maddening and all of it requires not just attention but thought .
As a strategy game 's demand for actual brains should n't feel like a breath of fresh air , but it does .
Hellish , choking , scalding hot , ash - filled fresh air .
Another example of 's tasty cruelty is how you acquire new Legions ( armies ) , Praetors ( champions ) , artifacts , relics or manuscripts .
You can't just buy something , you have to check out a marketplace known as the Infernal Bazaar to see what 's available , then place blind bids on what you want .
There 's only one of everything , but new stuff appears fairly regularly .
Naturally this creates the subgame of trying to figure out what your opponents might bid on and second guessing them .
And even the resources you 're bidding with have a twist of their own ; the four different types ( souls , ichor , hellfire and darkness ) are acquired randomly when you demand tribute from your minions , meaning you 're almost always working with a deficit of at least one type .
Demanding resources from another Archfiend is even worse because they 'll actively be trying to give you what you do n't need .
There 's no safe way to trade , either .
Nothing 's stopping you from entering discussions with another human - controlled Archfiend and agreeing to send each other things , but , well .
That requires an amount of trust it 's unwise to have in Hell .
Worse still , resources are acquired and spent in ' card ' form , so you do n't just have four ichor , you might have a card worth three ichor and another card containing both one ichor and one hellfire .
The ramifications of this are quiet and terrible .
If you 're playing a charismatic Archfiend you 'll get valuable resource cards as tribute from your minions , which is great until your neighbour with his war - like Archfiend comes knocking on your door and demands four resource cards .
Unlike everyone else , you do n't have the option of handing over some useless crap to placate him .
The cards you 're holding would fund an army .
And just wait until the Archfiends with high prophecy ratings mange to read your charisma stat , because then they 'll come calling too , licking their lips with tongues like whips .
Which is the main reason 's such a good game for scheming .
Whether your demon 's vocation is war , amassing resources , stealing , bribing , arena battles , knowledge , artifacts or whatever else you choose to develop , it 's all hidden from everybody else .
So you watch your opponents , you bite your nails , you wonder about their stats and tricks and secret objectives and doubly secret alliances .
You start plotting because you know everyone else must be .
Eventually you 'll start questioning your own friends , doubting your own cards .
It 's great .
You start to go a little mad , down there in the dark .
The second reason the lot of you start scheming like Disney villains is because your Prestige points are right there next to your name , so any high - risers naturally become the targets of invasions , insults and theft .
Winning is something to be done on tip -toes .
It 's fascinating and deeply psychological , and it makes you remember what strategy actually is .
All the strategy games on the shelves these days , everything fromtoto thegames , they 're all guilty of demanding play which is either too fast , too large - scale or has too many variables , all of which weaken the role of strategy and hand more power over to the speed of your mouse - clicks or your knowledge of the game . , like Cryptic Comet ' sbefore it , is the opposite .
It 's enormously restrictive .
Not only are you constantly battling a huge dearth of resources , but you only get very few ' orders ' every turn .
Two in the early game , perhaps as many as four in the late game .
Want to move a unit ?
That 's an order .
Want to give a gift to another player ?
That 's an order .
Want to bid on something at the bazaar ?
That 's an order , and sorry buster , do n't you know you ain't got any orders left ?
It 's time to sit back and see if any of the other players chose to screw you over this turn .
Being restricted in how much you can do is not a bad thing , not in a game with as much color as this .
It simply makes every choice agonizing , and , hey , that 's what strategy is supposed to be in the first place !
Sorry , had you forgotten ?
More than any game I 've played in years , nails the sensation of staring at a screen and losing yourself in the cold glory of a difficult decision .
It does n't matter if you 're winning or you 're better at the game than everybody else .
Because everyone has such a strict order limit , two players ganging up on you will almost always be able to outmaneuver you .
Conversely , it does n't matter how bad your position is , either .
Thanks again to that order limit , everyone tends to harass the lead players instead of wasting time keeping the losers down , and one well - timed event card can tip the playing field utterly .
The event cards are also slightly skewed towards helping the underdogs .
The Beast Has Arrived means every player with a place of power gets an entire legion randomly gobbled up , for example .
But before I put one hand on your back and steer you slightly aggressively to the page where you can buyI should probably remind you that the only multiplayer it offers is play - by - email .
That 's where all the players take their turn and send their ' turn ' file to a host , who processes your moves then sends you a master turn file back .
But it 's not really a problem .
The joy inis in mulling over decisions that are capable of making appearances in your head while you 're cleaning , exercising , cooking dinner , having sex , attending an important job interview or performing open heart surgery .
These are beautiful decisions , ones which should n't be rushed .
Much better to have a game that drifts on for the better part of three weeks than to guiltily complete your turn as quickly as possible .
Besides , slow games mean you all get to send covert emails to one another offering alliances , knowledge and services .
And you get to scheme that much more .
I guess I should also mention that the interface is awkward and there 's no tutorial , so you 'll need to read the manual .
But since I 've already mentioned the hexes and you 're still reading , I 'm thinking that wo n't matter to you .
I 'm also thinking that I like you .
I bet we'd be friends if we ever met .
I think you 'd like me .
You know what else I think you 'd like ?.
I think you should buy it .
You can buy it right here .
I 'd lend you the cash , but I think I left my wallet in my other , uh , article .
Probably quicker you just buy it yourself .
Quinns is a freelance journalist who has fun working for Eurogamer , contributing to Rock Paper Shotgun and reading Every Game Ever .
You can currently find him in the damp Irish city of Galway or at quintinsmithster at gmail dot com . ]
Expected to be available in March in North America through Verizon Wireless , the new Motorola DEVOUR was displayed during Mobile World Congress 2010 last week .
Powered by Andorid , the DEVOUR features a 3.1 - inch touch screen , slide - out full Qwerty keyboard , GPS module , 8 GB microSD card pre-installed , and a microSD card slot expandable up to 32GB .
Read
People love to overpay for homes in California .
It seems to be a rite of passage .
Even if it meant that someone needed to go into a property with the leverage only available through an Alt - A or option ARM toxic loan .
People do n’t get that some cities still have a tremendous amount of shadow inventory and that prices will come down unless the economy improves and improves significantly .
Yet I understand that statistics do n’t drill down into the personal reality of what is happening on the ground .
So today , I will show you that all in one block ( 3 nearly identical homes in size and room ) we have shadow inventory , an overpriced home , and a rental reflecting the realities of what homes are really worth .
Today we salute you Cerritos with our Real Home of Genius Award .
The Home for Sale in Cerritos
Cerritos currently has a median home sale price of $ 610,000 .
This is simply absurd given that the average household income is $ 89,000 .
This is the prime example of a shadow inventory city .
Each shadow inventory city has a unique attribute that people think is unique to the area .
Pasadena has the idea of the Rose Bowl and the allure of it being close to L.A. and Cerritos has the draw of quality schools .
But that in itself does not sustain an area if incomes do n’t match up to housing values .
The above home is 1,106 square feet with 3 bedrooms and 1 bath .
It has been listed on the MLS for 9 days .
The current list price is $ 549,000 so if you look at the city median price , this seems to be in line with that figure .
But again , this is simply another area that is in a deep bubble and will correct in the next year or two .
Why ?
Because only a few houses down , we have a home that is scheduled for auction and a rental that shows a very different market :
Let us first look at the home that is part of the shadow inventory .
The data on the home scheduled for auction is nearly identical with the home that is for sale .
It is a 3 bedroom and 1 bath home .
It is listed at 1,100 square feet so this area seems to be a suburban box neighborhood where many homes are built nearly the same way .
The home for sale was built in 1969 and this foreclosed home was built in 1970 .
Let us look at what occurred on this property :
This home was bought during the peak of insanity for $ 630,000 in 2006 .
This was a 100 percent financing deal .
They took out a first mortgage of $ 503,900 and a second of $ 125,900 .
Greenpoint Mortgage by the way was a toxic mortgage superstar .
So now after three years the home is scheduled for auction .
When the notice of default was filed in October of last year the borrower was already behind by $ 37,447 .
The auction was only scheduled a couple of weeks ago .
This home is nowhere to be found on the public view .
Keep in mind a few houses down the other home above is being sold for $ 549,000 .
You can see the problem already growing .
This home if it were to be added to the inventory would add pressure to the price of the other home .
Clearly the current borrowers have stopped making their payments .
So who really knows where this is at but this is a clear case of shadow inventory .
But let us run the numbers on that $ 549,000 home if we go with 3.5 % down and a wonderful FHA insured loan :
First , you will need a household income of $ 154,000 ( nearly twice the average for the city ) to qualify for the loan .
Next , your monthly housing payment ( PITI ) is going to come out to be $ 3,600 .
But did you notice that the above rental is going for $ 2,150 ?
You are paying 40 67 percent more per month to own the home ( $ 1,450 more per month ) .
This is insanity .
It will always be more expensive to own , that is correct .
But nothing like this .
In other words , this area is in a gigantic bubble .
Keep in mind your total housing payment is coming out of your net income .
All your wonderful tax subsidies and breaks come at the end of the year when you file your taxes .
The rental rate is more reflective of the actual local market because it is subsidy free and what a local area renter is able and willing to pay out of their net income .
Let us now look at the rental :
The rental is identical in size to the other two homes .
A 3 bedrooms and 1.75 bath home listed at 1,100 square feet .
This is an excellent example of what is going on because we have virtually three identical homes all in the same block but telling us very different stories .
You would have to be out of your mind to pay the current price .
You would be buying at a peak low in mortgage rates in an area that can clearly only support a rental income of $ 2,150 .
Think about that .
No investor in their right mind would pay this amount .
And rates will go up .
Just look what happened to the markets today once people realize a country can’t pay their debt ( hello California ! ) .
If you bought this home as an investor , you would be negative cash flowing by over $ 1,000 per month depending on your down payment .
That would be a dumb move right off the bat and keep in mind , for investment properties the interest rate is much higher and you have to go in with at least 20 percent down .
This is why I believe we are far from a bottom in many markets that are filled with shadow inventory .
And let us run those numbers .
Cerritos in our last month of data had 21 homes sell .
The MLS has 49 homes listed .
Not bad right ?
After all , that is about 2 months of inventory .
But let us run the shadow inventory numbers :
Notice of defaults : 83
Auction Scheduled : 143
Bank owned : 16
242 homes in the shadow inventory versus 49 homes on the MLS .
In other words , you would be speculating into a bubble area right now if you decided to buy .
Today we salute you Cerritos with our Real Homes of Genius Award .
Did You Enjoy The Post ? Subscribe to Dr. Housing Bubble ’s
Blog to get updated housing commentary , analysis , and information .
It ’s been more than seven years since iRobot introduced the world to the Roomba robotic vacuum .
Seven years without fundamental innovation , and its left the market ripe for competition .
Enter Neato .
This Silicon Valley startup is ready to take the robotic vacuum world by storm .
The engineers over at Neato Robotics let us take a tour of their Mountain View home and get a first hand look at the XV - 11 ( $ 399 ) , the vacuum robot that ’s going to kill the Roomba .
Yep , Neato does n’t like to judge the competition , but I do n’t mind talking trash : Neato has a bot that sees better , works smarter , and sucks harder …and that ’s a good thing .
After talking with VP Patrick De Neale , I can tell you that Neato is n’t just building the next great robotic vacuum , it ’s building the next great robotic empire with more than $ 15 million in funding and retailers lined up to get the vacuum to market .
Do n’t fret robo- junkies , we ’ve got some great videos and pics to sate your hunger for machine machinations after the break .
Why Do We Need a Better Vacuum Bot ?
The Roomba is the reigning champ of the vacuum robot industry .
iRobot has sold more than 5 million units in the last seven years and they show no sign of stopping .
For those who have never watched one in action , the Roomba does n’t see where it ’s going , it just bumps into things .
A large bumper sensor in the front lets the Roomba bounce off walls and other obstacles .
It uses a series of algorithms to chaotically travel around .
This chaos eventually lets the Roomba clean an entire room .
It ’s not very efficient , and Roomba ’s round shape does n’t let it fit into corners .
The Roomba is cool to watch the first time , but I always feel like it did n’t leave the carpet completely clean .
Rather than going back to the drawing board every few years , iRobot has made subtle improvements on a basic design that leaves much to be desired .
The Roomba you could buy today cleans in the same way that the Roomba did seven years ago .
Why ?
Because iRobot is spending their time making some cool army and healthcare bots , not innovating the Roomba .
That ’s why a new company can come along and take advantage of the seven years of lost chances .
That ’s why Neato is going to explode onto the scene .
Their XV - 11 is a laser toting , map making , high suction machine that will clean your floor in just one pass .
Neato looked at the standard bump and grind approach of the Roomba and decided it could do better .
It started from scratch , looking for a whole new way for the robot to approach vacuuming .
The first major innovation : the XV - 11 does n’t wander around randomly , it cleans like you do .
It looks , it thinks , and it executes .
Here ’s Neato ’s promotional video for the XV - 11 :
On top of the XV - 11 ’s half moon shaped chassis is a laser range finder which sweeps around in a full 360 ° circle .
That inexpensive but well performing range finder is the centerpiece of the device and a crucial innovation in robotics , check out the discussion on Hizook for more details .
Using that view of its environment , the XV - 11 plots out how it will vacuum the room using a method known as SLAM ( simultaneous localization and mapping ) .
SLAM ’s the same technique that helps robotic cars find a parking space .
The following is an exclusive video from Neato showing an early prototype ( not the XV - 11 ) mapping a room .
Notice those purple footprints moving around ?
That ’s a person walking through the area .
Using this technique and its laser , the XV - 11 is able to constantly find its position in the context of the room , and its able to compensate for changes in the environment .
When you walk through a room the XV - 11 is cleaning , it knows to avoid you .
It can also avoid obstacles you place in its way and will go back and clean areas that become open when an object is removed .
While you may be inclined to challenge the robot ’s skills by maniacally placing chairs in its way , the intended application is that the robot can clean an entire area using straight lines and with a minimum of overlap .
With SLAM , the XV - 11 is able to clean smarter .
It covers the floor of a room with close to a single pass – no more crazy circles and spirals and bumping exploration like the Roomba .
With no time wasted getting lost , the XV - 11 can afford to spend more effort on the actual vacuuming .
80 % of the power used by the robot goes directly towards sucking carpet .
That means cleaner floors in less time .
We got to see a live demo of the XV - 11 in action and it was as impressive as watching a robot vacuum can be .
Check it out :
But the XV - 11 does n’t just clean more efficiently , it cleans smarter .
Neato has incorporated a bunch of new features to prove it ’s creating robot vacuum 2.0 .
It has a square front to help it reach corners but a round butt so it can easily back out of tight spaces .
The XV - 11 also has a ground sensor to let it know when it comes near a drop .
That means it wo n’t fall down stairs or roll down to a level it ca n’t climb out of .
If you move the charger , the XV - 11 will follow it to maintain good contact and keep charging .
The bot stops if there ’s a problem with the brush , or if it overheats due to something stuck in the intake .
The XV - 11 even alerts you when the dust bin is full and will wait for you to empty it .
Whenever it stops ( and you do n’t move it around too much ) it will resume its cleaning as soon as the problem is fixed .
If the room ’s too big and the XV - 11 runs out of juice mid-vacuuming , it will go charge itself and then return and finish the job .
It has that Terminator attitude we all love and fear to see in our household robots .
I think the best of these smart innovations is the inclusion of a LCD screen on the top of the robot .
It lets the robot actually tell you when something ’s wrong .
The screen also provides an easy user interface for when you want to program the bot to follow a regular weekly schedule ( I forgot to mention it can do that , too ) .
I watched as De Neale set the clock and programmed the XV - 11 for two weekly cleanings – it was fast and painless thanks to the onboard screen .
Of course , the XV - 11 has some limitations .
First is size .
The XV - 11 ’s special moon shape is a good idea , but it ’s still too big to get into really narrow spaces .
There ’s a power vs agility trade off here that every company has to deal with .
Neato chose a little bigger , a little more powerful , and that ’s a plus and minus .
There ’s also some limits in the way the robot works .
For mapping and plotting its course , the bot divides its environment into 1 inch cells and I noticed that this means it overlaps its path by about an inch .
It also does n’t hug the walls as closely as I would have liked – it ’s closer than an inch , but not right up against it .
Despite the use of its laser , the XV - 11 still has bump sensors to help it navigate close areas .
That ’s fine , but as it follows a wall it will bump into it fairly often , and that ’s something you wo n’t see in most of the demo videos .
If you want to seal off an area , Neato will sell you some nice magnetic strip to mark a “ no - pass ” line .
Of course , you then have to either embed the strip in your carpet , leave it on top , or pick it up and replace it each time the vacuum cleans .
I would have liked a tiny electronic device ( maybe an IR transmitter ? ) to be used instead .
Overall , however , the XV - 11 is a pretty slick operator .
De Neale showed us how it could map their entire office for cleaning ( thousands of square feet ) and handle basically any floor type you threw at it .
This robot impresses me as a very efficient device .
There was no haphazard exploration , no endless passes over the same patch of carpet like a Roomba .
I felt no need to cheer the XV - 11 on , to encourage it to miraculously reach the last missing bit of the floor .
This is n’t the little robot that could .
It ’s the robot that did its job , went home , and slept with its charger .
The Company Behind the Machine
Neato Robotics has done really well for itself in a short amount of time .
Its funding last year brought in $ 15 million – a handy amount for a company with just 25 employees .
They ’ve got the XV - 11 on a fast track towards distribution .
Pre-orders are available on the Neato site now , and you ’re likely to see the bot on Amazon , Hammacher - Schlemmer and other online retailers soon .
As of our visit , Neato was still in talks with big box retailers , but they expect many will pick up the robot .
By the end of the first quarter of 2010 , the XV - 11 will be taking on the competition .
Speaking of competition , I went to Neato expecting to hear some major trash talk about iRobot , but I did n’t get zilch .
De Neale actually offered praise for competitor ’s robotic cleaners , including the Roomba , the Mint , and others .
Bottom line , he says , current robots only have about 2 % of the entire vacuum market .
That ’s plenty of room for expansion , and at this level , every competitor is helping grow consumer interest .
I understand his reasoning , but having watched both a Roomba and the XV - 11 … I do n’t think there ’s much of a comparison .
I love iRobot , they do some mind - blowing work in robotics , but they do n’t have the best robotic vacuum cleaner anymore .
Sorry Roomba , you let yourself rest on your success , and you got sloppy .
Now Neato ’s here to pick up the pieces .
Literally .
When a company makes an impressive robot , you tend to think of them as a robotics company .
Yet for Neato , I do n’t think its so cut and dry .
Are they a robotics company that makes vacuums , or a household appliance company that makes robots ?
De Neale left the answer somewhat ambiguous .
They ’re “ freeing consumers from traditional household chores . ”
Which makes it hard for me to pin down what Neato might be up to next .
We got a lot of fun hints at what the XV - 11 series 2 or 3 may include ( memorizing maps , varied power use for different floor types , remote control ) but it was all kept in the hypothetical .
I can tell you that their unnamed parts manufacturer in China has wide experience and that Neato has met with many different companies looking to develop household appliance bots .
So I guess we could conceivably see Neato expand into other robots that map and perform tasks around your home and office ( window washing ?
garden tending ?
who knows ? )
For now though , the company and De Neale seem focused on making the XV - 11 a big success .
What happens if the XV - 11 does really well ?
That ’s good for Neato , no doubt , but it ’s part of a larger picture .
Robot vacuums are just one of the many routes automation has taken to get inside your home .
Your dishwasher ?
That ’s a robot .
So is your garage door opener .
As this technology becomes more sophisticated it could lead to a full humanoid robot walking around your house .
In our talk , De Neale made an interesting prediction : roboticists are n’t going to take robots to market , consumer developers will .
Willow Garage , Honda , Carnegie Mellon … these guys make some amazing bots .
But it may be the companies that want to sell appliances that bring robots into the mainstream .
That ’s an interesting thought .
Will robots develop artificial general intelligence or surpass the human brain if we only build them to help out around the house ?
Eh , maybe not .
In any case , at least we know that our floors will be clean .
[ photo credits : Neato Robotics ]
Google wants to pioneer the first smartphone technology to translate foreign languages almost instantly , the search giant told British daily The Times .
The technology will be able to convert spoken words into a different language in real time , and could be ready within a few years .
Just as Google Translate converts text in 52 languages , the voice translation service will mimic a human interpreter .
To achieve this , Google plans to combine the technology behind its text translation service with a voice recognition system , similar to the one found on Android smartphones .
The idea behind the feature is to allow users to easily communicate in other languages using a smartphone .
The system would " listen " to the speaker until it understands the full meaning of the words / phrases and then send it to Google 's servers for translation .
The person at the other end of the line would listen to a robotic voice translation and vice versa .
This all sounds good in theory , but it will be some time until we get to use li ve voice translation -- probably in a " few years ' time , " Google 's head of translation services , Franz Och , told the Times .
Despite " huge progress recently , " it 's still difficult to recognize various accents , Och explained .
Google aims to solve this problem by having the software learn the users ' style of talking .
So do n't cancel your foreign language lessons just yet .
Until then , you can get a taste of what 's to come ahead with several voice features found on the Google Android mobile operating system , such as search by voice , voice - enabled Google Maps navigation on the Motorola Droid , and voice - based text input on the Nexus One .
Burn Hollywood , Burn
First there was the music industry .
No one tried to help it back up ; after years of being viewed by the general public and bemoaned by the artist as the big soul - sucking money - hungry machine of exploitation that it was , people only gathered round to watch it burn and fan the flames .
The result has been a transfer of power is all .
Not to the artists , necessarily ( of course there are always a few exceptions ) but to the new digital aggregators who deal in micro-payments and still cut the far less than what it cost them to make the stuff in relation to what it costs for iTunes to distribute and sell it .
The difference is when there were A&R people , some of them actually filtered out the bad stuff .
Today those are called Tastemakers .
They are better known to Generation Y as Simon Cowell .
And iGenius .
The Dawning of a New Age ( Again )
The artists hear the evangelists of this new democratic age calling down from the hilltops about how they have more freedom and opportunity than ever before , but somehow they are missing the foundation of how the market works – by removing the funnels and filters previously controlled by the major labels , and dispersing the point of sales all over the place , it is much more difficult for any artist to build momentum let alone sell on the Long Tail .
By abandoning the major studio model ( which HAD to be shaken up regardless ) the artists inadvertently abandoned the very infrastructure that formed their marketplace .
Ask any musician today who ever made a dime before just how motivated they are right now to go and spend money and time and sweat toiling to get those de-tuned guitar strings right , and perfecting the EQ on their mixes when no one cares where the music came from or how it was made or whether or not its being pirated .
Why are so many people just dancing on the ashes of the music industry and failing to realize that often they are also dancing on the heads of the musicians themselves ?
Do n’t get me wrong .
I ran an indie label for 15 years .
I was n’t a fan of the studios , but at least there was an economy for music then .
It was n’t that the studios were slow and failed to seize the right opportunities ( which they did ) it was that the audiences were upset about paying 15 bucks for CDs ( because they thought that CDs are only like 2 bucks to manufacture ) so defaulted to getting their music free from The Internets .
By the same argument – I question the widespread derision and resentment that exists towards Hollywood .
“ Piracy is what Hollywood deserves for charging so much at the box office . ”
It is just too inconvenient to go to a three - storey high theater with Dolby Certified surround sound and pay ten dollars for popcorn .
And Hollywood movies are soulless shit made by suits anyway .
Screw Wolverine : The Audience Wants More Truffaut – or – If Xmen Origins : Wolverine Exists , I Can Not Be Truffaut
Why is everyone so excited about bringing down the Hollywood model all of a sudden ?
Why ca n’t it just be that there are more opportunities for more films in addition to the tentpole conglomerates ?
The problem with this line of thinking is that it belies the WWI era scarcity model mentality where there ca n’t be two , there just has to be ways of splitting up and passing around fragments of one .
Do indie filmmakers , disillusioned and frustrated by rejection and gatekeepers in the studio system , really think that the fall of the studios and the distribution infrastructure they support and subsidize , is going to make financing more available to them ?
Or that audiences , suddenly free from the hypnotic glare of Spiderman 3 , will finally turn their attention to moderately well crafted HVX100 features made by really big fans of Judd Apatow and even some Hitchcock ?
I like change , and I like competition in the marketplace – it wakes people up and innovates and evolves things , and it gets rid of weak and outmoded models , but this does not all have to happen in spite of the infrastructure .
If you want ever to download a pirated copy of an epic adventure thriller of any quality ever again , and not just some Bokakeh HDSLR indie avant - garde piece showcasing the latest Nikor lens , think about what it takes to successfully run and release a 400 million dollar picture like Avatar and get it out to your neighborhood in digital IMAX 3D .
wondering if the above , really just came from my keyboard – the once nose - ringed , green haired , experimental prog-rocker
Scarcity vs. Abundance
The takeaway from this is : stop thinking in terms of the scarcity model and start thinking in terms of the abundance model .
There is enough to go around .
Do n’t horde your wisdom , resources , passion .
Spread it , build it , develop it , express it and let the people building airships , skyscrapers and highways do their job also .
Lest your concern be that they will flood the planet in oil , burn up the oceans and kill the indies – remember that the market goes where the money is – which is to say , if you do n’t pay to see Snakes On A Plane – they probably wo n’t make a sequel .
If you do pay to see Spiderman , they probably will .
If you make a mediocre album be it indie or released via a major , people likely wo n’t buy it .
They probably wo n’t even pirate it .
Make good things .
If you make inefficient gas guzzling cars that spray noxious fumes and cost too much , people will probably not buy it unless it is their only choice .
So make a fuel efficient , eco-friendly car that feels and looks awesome , and you might just make a whole lot of money .
So when we start hearing about how Hollywood is gonna get it just like the music industry did , consider how a desperate industry will behave ; it will probably play it safer , probably do less and thus interest in that very industry will wane .
People say all we care about is the story .
All that matters is the song .
Really ?
What about adventure ?
What about entertainment ?
What about escape ?
What about spectacle ?
What about the communal experience ?
The social experience ?
Do none of those factor in our attention and investment in the product ?
Would Lost be half of what it is if it were n’t for the chance to discuss it with friends , its scope , its production value ?
I can’t wait to hear from you .
Please tear the above apart .
Or agree with me .
Let ’s hear it .
This article was in part , inspired by a piece someone posted at a Digital Entertainment studies board I read by UCLA Extension instructor Peter Russel titled “ Hollywood Is Going To Die — But Wait , That ’s a Good Thing ! “
Like this : Like Loading ...
Warning : this post discusses intimate partner violence and rape .
Please place a trigger warning on links to this post .
If you are currently at risk of violence , here are some links for viewing when you ’re on a safer computer : National Network to End Domestic Violence : Internet and Computer Safety [ USA ] , Washington State Coalition Against Domestic Violence : Internet Safety [ USA ] and Domestic Violence Resource Centre Victoria : Tip Sheet : Technology Safety Planning [ Australia ] .
Cross-posted to Hoyden About Town .
Abusive relationship and spousal rape survivor and blogger “ Harriet Jacobs ” at Fugitivus is angry and scared today :
I use my private Gmail account to email my boyfriend and my mother .
Thereâ€™s a BIG drop - off between them and my other â€œmost frequentâ€ contacts .
You know who my third most frequent contact is ?
My abusive ex-husband .
Which is why itâ€™s SO EXCITING , Google , that you AUTOMATICALLY allowed all my most frequent contacts access to my Reader , including all the comments Iâ€™ve made on Reader items , usually shared with my boyfriend , who I had NO REASON to hide my current location or workplace from , and never did .
My other most frequent contacts ?
Other friends of [ my ex-husband ] â€™s .
Oh , also , people who email my ANONYMOUS blog account , which gets forwarded to my personal account .
They are frequent contacts as well .
Most of them , they are nice people .
Some of them are probably nice but a little unbalanced and scary .
A minority of them â€ ” but the minority that emails me the most , thus becoming FREQUENT â€ ” are psychotic men who think I deserve to be raped because I keep a blog about how I do not deserve to be raped , and this apparently causes the Hulk rage .
There ’s lots of other comment today on Google ’s Buzz automatically assuming that your frequent email contacts should be your Buzz contacts , and making the connection with them public :
There will quite possibly be more by the time I ’ve finished writing this post , let alone by the time you read it .
But having to fight this battle on a site - by - site , service - by - service basis is disgusting .
For a number of groups of people , including people who are the targets of a violent obsession among others , information about who they are in contact with , where they live and what they ’re interested in has life - threatening implications .
For a larger number of people it has non-life - threatening but potentially serious implications for their job , for example , or their continuing loving relationship with their family .
Sometimes people are in frequent contact with people who have power over them , and / or who hate them .
Why are n’t privacy policies centring that possibility , and working out the implications for the rest of us later ?
Note : as I hope you anticipate , attempts to victim - blame along the lines of “ people who are very vulnerable should n’t use technology unless they 100 % understand the current and all possible future privacy implications ” not welcome .
Update 13th February : Fugitivus has had a response from Google making it clear that protected items in Reader were not shared despite appearances , and stating some changes that are being made in Reader and Buzz in relation to issues she raised .
It costs more to send your child to kindergarten in Beijing today than it does to put him or her through college .
As outsiders pour into the capital looking for work , and parents try to give their offspring an ever - earlier competitive advantage , scarce preschool places are commanding record fees .
" There are just too many kids and too few kindergartens , " sighs Li Jia , sales manager at a lingerie company , as she rescues her 2 - year - old son 's toy car from beneath the sofa .
" The private ones are too expensive , and it 's really hard to get into a public one , " agrees her husband , Xing Jun .
" I did not expect this when my son was born . "
It is almost impossible , according to parents and teachers , to find a reputable kindergarten in Beijing that charges less than 1,000 renminbi ( $ 150 ) a month , which is a quarter of an average salary in the capital .
Some charge five times that , putting intense strain on the budgets of even better - off young parents already burdened by heavy mortgages .
By comparison , tuition and accommodation at Peking University , the country 's best , costs only about 700 renminbi ( $ 102 ) a month , thanks to heavy government subsidies .
And in Japan , another nation famously focused on a child 's education , two years of kindergarten on average costs 500,000 yen ( $ 2,791 per year or $ 232 per month ) .
But the price tag at elite schools can rise to 10 times that amount .
Still , the average Japanese worker makes about 10 times more than the average Chinese worker .
The Beijing education authorities are struggling to meet the rising demand , without much success .
They have increased class sizes this year to 40 children , up from 35 , and added classrooms for another 12,000 places , according to the Education Department of the Beijing city government .
There are plans to add a further 12,000 in the near future , officials say .
But even that will leave a quarter of a million kindergarten - age children in Beijing – more than half the total – without places , according to a recent report by the Beijing Academy of Educational Science .
The pressure on kindergartens is particularly heavy at the moment because children born in 2007 – an especially auspicious year in the Chinese calendar – are coming up to preschool age .
Beijing 's birthrate spiked in 2007 , according to official statistics , jumping 25 percent from the year before to the highest total for two decades .
All this means that poorer Beijingers are forced to fall back on the traditional child - care solution in China – relying on the grandparents – since in most Chinese families both parents work .
But Grandma is not good enough for many new parents in Beijing 's burgeoning middle class .
They want their little darlings – all single children under China 's one - child policy – to get ahead from the word go .
" We are always comparing , " says Lu Qi , a 32 - year - old technical manager at a BluRay DVD manufacturer who began last June to look for a kindergarten that would take his 2 - year - old boy next September .
" If other parents are sending their children to preschool and you do n't , your child wo n't have any playmates , " he worries .
" Parents do n't want their kids to lose right from the starting line :
If just one family sends his kid to kindergarten , everybody will . "
" If they do n't mix , they wo n't learn to communicate properly , " adds Ms. Li .
" We want our boy to learn social skills at kindergarten . "
Hao Jianqiu , headmistress of Donghuamen kindergarten near the Forbidden City , one of the most highly regarded in Beijing , says , " Parents are definitely paying more attention nowadays to preschool .
Their children carry the whole family 's hopes on their shoulders ; if their education is a failure , the family fails . "
" The good thing is that parents spend more today on preschool " Ms. Hao adds .
" The bad thing is that it puts huge pressure on the children . "
It is common for 3 - year - olds in Beijing kindergartens to learn English , and not unusual for them to take after - school classes in music , tae kwon do , or chess , which cost extra .
As a public school , whose teachers ' salaries are paid by the state , Donghuamen charges a government - approved 1,000 renminbi a month for basic tuition .
But the kindergarten will be able to take only 110 of the 800 children who have applied for places next September , Hao says .
Mr. Xing put his boy , Xing Yuchen , down for Donghuamen , but he says he was given to understand that the toddler would stand a chance of being accepted only if he attended weekly preparation and evaluation classes with one of his parents .
Neither his mother nor father could afford to take time off work to do that .
Two other reasonably affordable public schools in the district told Xing he did not stand a chance of getting his son in ( because , he believes , he lacks the right connections ) .
The dramatic shortage of places in public schools has created a huge demand for privately run kindergartens , which can charge what they like for highly variable services .
Many of them simply offer to look after the children , " but if that 's all I wanted I 'd let my mother do it , " says Xing .
He has pinned his hopes on a city - run kindergarten that gives priority to Muslim children – Xing belongs to the Hui Muslim minority – but that school , too , is oversub - scribed .
" One of my relatives is pay - ing 4,500 renminbi ( $ 660 ) a month for kindergarten , and a colleague at work is paying 3,700 ( $ 544 ) , " Xing says .
If the Muslim kindergarten option does n't work out , he will have to dig into his savings .
" We do n't want to spend that much , but if we have no choice , we will have to , " he says , shrugging .
" We do n't want Xing Yuchen to be behind when he goes to elementary school . "
Follow us on Twitter and Facebook .
UNITED NATIONS ( Reuters ) - The General Assembly on Friday demanded credible Israeli and Palestinian investigations into U.N. allegations of war crimes in last year ’s Gaza war , reflecting concerns that the probes so far have fallen short .
Palestinian supporters of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine ( PFLP ) stand atop the ruins of a house destroyed during the three - week offensive Israel launched last year , during a rally to mark the first anniversary of the war in Jabalya refugee camp in the northern Gaza Strip on Christmas Day December 25 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Yannis Behrakis
The United Nations ’ 192- nation assembly of member states approved the nonbinding Arab - drafted resolution with 98 votes in favor , seven against and 31 abstentions .
Some 56 nations did not participate in the vote .
The Palestinian Authority ’s permanent observer to the United Nations , Riyad Mansour , blamed a massive snowstorm that closed down schools and many businesses in New York for the poor attendance at the time of the vote .
He added that the vote reflected “ overwhelming ” support for the Arab resolution .
The resolution calls for investigations that are “ independent , credible and in conformity with international standards ” into charges raised in a U.N. report last September by a panel headed by South African jurist Richard Goldstone .
The Goldstone report said the Israeli army and Palestinian militants committed war crimes during the conflict from late December 2008 to mid-January 2009 , but focused more on Israel .
Unlike an earlier resolution the assembly adopted in November 2009 , Friday ’s resolution set no deadline for the completion of the investigations .
It did , however , request a report on Israeli and Palestinian compliance with the resolution from U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon within five months , adding that “ further action ” by various U.N. bodies could follow .
More than 1,400 Palestinians and 13 Israelis died after Israel launched Operation Cast Lead in Gaza to try to end Hamas rocket fire against its cities .
Critics charged that Israel used excessive and indiscriminate firepower but Israel blamed the militants for hiding among civilians .
INVESTIGATIONS SO FAR “ NOT SUFFICIENT ”
The United States and a few other countries like Micronesia and Nauru joined Israel in voting against Friday ’s resolution .
The assembly ’s November vote on the Goldstone Report divided the 27 European Union members into those that joined Israel and voted no , those that backed the Arabs and voted yes , and nations that abstained .
No EU member voted against Friday ’s resolution , though some voted yes and some abstained .
Israel , the United States and other Western powers have called the Goldstone report biased and faulty .
The Jewish state and Hamas militants in charge of the Gaza Strip have dismissed the idea that they were guilty of any war crimes .
The Israeli army has been conducting its own investigation of the allegations and the Palestinian Authority , which has no influence over the Gaza Strip , has promised to do so as well .
But Ban cast doubt on both sides ’ investigations in a letter he sent to the General Assembly earlier this month , withholding judgment on whether their probes were credible .
Israel ’s U.N. ambassador , Gabriela Shalev , reiterated her country ’s position that its investigations into the behavior of its soldiers during the conflict in Gaza were credible .
She also made clear that Israel would not hesitate to take action in the future which it sees as necessary for self - defense .
“ We will do so with vigor -- against Hamas , Hezbollah , or any other terrorists , wherever they may be , ” she said .
U.S. Deputy Ambassador Alejandro
Wolff said questions about the war “ should be resolved by credible domestic investigations and their follow - up . ”
But he reiterated the U.S. view that the Goldstone report was “ deeply flawed . ”
British Ambassador Mark Lyall Grant said the Israeli investigations so far were “ not sufficient , and there are still some concerns . ”
He added that the Palestinians had also so far not met their obligation to properly probe the allegations .
Two weeks is a lifetime in politics – especially in the political life of the backwards digital economy bill , Labour 's gift to the incumbent entertainment industries that government is bent on ramming into law before the election .
In my last column , I bore the bizarre news that the LibDem front - bench Lords had introduced an amendment to the bill that would create a Great Firewall of Britain .
This would be a national censorwall to which the record industry could add its least favourite sites , rendering them invisible to Britons ( except for those with the nous of a 13 - year - old evading her school 's censorware ) .
Over the following days , the story got weirder : the LibDem amendment got amended , to add a figleaf of due process to the untenable proposal .
And then it got weirder still : a leaked memo from the BPI ( the UK record industry lobby ) showed that the " LibDem amendment " had in fact been written – with minor variances – by the BPI .
And the BPI continued to leak : someone sent me the weekly internal status update prepared by Richard Mollet , BPI Director of Public Affairs for the core group of plotters behind the bill ( someone should teach Mr Mollet about BCC ) .
In the memo , Mollet – himself a prospective Labour parliamentary candidate for the next election – admits that the only reason that the digital economy bill has a hope of passing is that MPs are " resigned " to voting on it without debate .
Translation : if MPs got to debate the bill , they would tear it to unrecognisable pieces as they realised what terrible rubbish it really is .
And then , the next day , Bridget Fox , a LibDem prospective parliamentary candidate who had spoken out against her party 's new pro-censorship stance , introduced an emergency motion to the LibDems ' spring conference .
This motion called for the LibDems to follow a policy that puts internet freedom front and centre , categorically rejecting web censorship and disconnection of infringers and their families , and embracing net neutrality and all the other freedoms that you 'd expect from the " party of liberty " .
In other words , the LibDems had declared themselves to be not biddable by the entertainment industry , and indirectly but firmly rebuked the Lords who'd done the BPI 's dirty work for them .
By all accounts , the " debate " following Fox 's proposal was a one - sided affair .
No one came forward to oppose it .
Instead , for half an hour , speaker after speaker stood up to declare the importance of a free and open net .
When the vote came , it was near - unanimous ( I hear that there was one vote against the proposal ) .
If the BPI had hoped to have an ally for the years to come in the LibDems , they blew it by asking for too much – and getting it .
Their greed in exploiting their influence over the LibDem Lords galvanised the LibDem rank and file into enshrining a rejection of the BPI 's agenda into the party 's official policy .
The scene reminded me of the inception of Sweden 's Pirate Party , in the wake of a high profile raid on the data - centre that housed The Pirate Bay 's servers .
The police there acted illegally , taking instruction directly from a minister who was getting his own marching orders from the US entertainment lobby .
The Pirate Bay was briefly taken offline before springing up on new servers .
But the hundreds of other , legitimate sites that were taken down in the same raid were n't so lucky .
The abuses of that raid – punishing the innocent , using the police as private enforcement goons for an offshore corporate cartel – turned Swedes from people who downloaded a little copyrighted music because it was convenient into militants who saw a duty to take down the entertainment companies before they wrecked Swedish democracy .
Here 's the thing I can't work out : are these entertainment cartel overshoots the result of arrogance , or are they calculated losses ?
Is the BPI willing to turn the LibDems from an ally into an enemy if they can get a couple of amendments into the digital economy bill ?
Was it worth burning this bridge just to move the goalposts on censorship by a few inches ?
Or did they really believe that there would be no consequences for their actions ?
I try to credit them with the " calculated loss " theory when I can , but the evidence really points to an unrealistic view of the world born of the arrogance of power .
After all , how else to explain the BPI 's contention ( in the leaked secret status update ) that MI5 may be responsible for the opposition to its plans to undermine Britain 's global IT competitiveness , the rule of law , free speech and innovation ( MI5 is said to be worried that monitoring online activity will get harder when people take up tools to evade copyright enforcement ) ?
It really seems like record execs find it easier to believe that their opposition is being propped up by a cabal of spies than that the people of Britain really just do n't want to be spied upon , harassed , and deprived of fundamental liberties in order to give a small clutch of entertainment companies slightly higher profits .
Let ’s consider a contrived example where you are representing people and their relationships .
We want to represent a person ’s name , social security number , address , and have pointers to mother and father .
typedef struct Person { char * name ; char * address ; int ssn ; Person * mother ; Person * father ; } Person ;
Now , let ’s say that we have some library which will create a queriable tree for us .
Person * mandy = insertPerson ( " Mandy " , \ 123331234 , " Hut # 13 " 0 , 0 ) ; Person * naughtius = insertPerson ( " Naughtius " , \ 349830123 , " Centurianville # 2 " , 0 , 0 ) ; Person * brian = insertPerson ( " Brian " , \ 593013297 , " Hut # 13 " , mandy , naughtius ) ;
This is all well and good .
But there ’s a problem .
The user of this library can do something like this :
Person * mary = insertPerson ( " Mary " , \ 01230 9821 , " Bethleham " , 0 , 0 ) ; brian -> mother = mary ;
There might possibly be a use - case where we want to allow this to happen , but in general this is n’t desirable whatsoever .
We really want to keep the fields mother , father , and ssn immutable .
We can do this in the following way :
/* FILE : library.h */ typedef struct Person { char * name ; char * address ; } Person ; int getSSN ( Person * ) ; Person * getMother ( Person * ) ; Person * get Father ( Person * ) ; Person * insertPerson ( char * , int , char * , Person * , Person * ) ;
Now we have a struct Person which exposes only information that we will allow to be mutable .
How can we use this cleanly and effectively ?
We define the following :
/* FILE : library .c */ #include " library.h " typedef struct privatePerson { Person p ; int ssn ; privatePerson * mother ; privatePerson * father ; } privatePerson ; ...
How does this help us ?
First , consider the following :
privatePerson * mary = ... ; Person * mom = ( Person * ) mary ;
What will happen here ?
First , recall how struct layout works .
Since Person p is the first entry in struct privatePerson then the offset in the privatePerson struct is 0 .
This means that the memory location of Person p is the same as the struct privatePerson which contains it .
So , when we cast to the Person pointer we are , in fact pointing at a Person object .
So , insertPerson (… ) will use a struct privatePerson internally but will return a struct Person .
As will getMother ( … ) .
/* FILE : library .c */ ... Person * getMother ( Person * p ) { privatePerson * who = ( privatePerson * ) p ; return ( Person * ) who -> mother ; }
This example illustrates how we can also cast back to a privatePerson from a Person .
Note that this REQUIRES that the pointer to the struct Person also be a pointer to a struct privatePerson , i.e. you ’ve already cast it once .
We ca n’t ensure that our user will never malloc his own struct Person .
The best we can do is provide factories for construction ( insertPerson above ) and strongly document that doing so is unsupported and will lead to undefined behavior .
Tripoli , Libya — Perhaps
I overestimated the bien - pensant British understanding of " modernity . "
When the BBC reported that " at Tripoli 's ultra - modern airport … you could be almost anywhere in the world , " I expected at bare minimum a Starbucks , a fake Irish pub , and ( this is the ultra bit ) a bank of vending machines dispensing iPods and noise - canceling headphones .
Well , perhaps we came through Libya 's spillover airport , its Midway or Stansted , because this is " anywhere in the world " only in some mad , dystopian - novel sense .
Available for purchase are Egyptian gum , cheap watches celebrating 40 years of the Libyan revolution , and glossy magazines with Hugo Chavez on the cover .
Sinister men in baggy uniforms , all puffing Marlboros , shout at each other and disappear with my passport .
I later find out this bit of theater was required because I possess a passport stamp from Ben-Gurion Airport in Tel Aviv .
After some discussion , my personal government apparatchik informs the entire staff of Libyan customs that , on orders from high , this particular learned elder of Zion can be allowed through .
It 's not entirely clear why I am in Libya , although it would have been rude to refuse a trip funded by the generous and , according to their hired help , deeply misunderstood comrades of the Qaddafi Foundation .
At the behest of Saif al - Qaddafi — Col .
Muammar al - Qaddafi's slick , London - educated son and dauphin — our group of journalists is being shuttled to the country in an effort to demonstrate a new Libyan openness and , it is implied , a future rather different from the past .
Personally , I 'm more interested in sneaking a glimpse at the world 's only Islamo - socialist personality cult .
The Great Socialist People 's Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
It doubtless keeps Qaddafi pere awake at night that had he tamped down the rhetorical goofiness and sartorial excess ( and maybe a terrorist bombing or two ) his country could have been like Castro 's Cuba or Sandinista Nicaragua in the eyes of the West .
In the 1970s , Libya promoted itself to European revolutionary tourists and gringo sugarcane harvesters in Havana as a socialist alternative with a moderate religious component .
The regime took part in all sorts of radical - chic nastiness too : bombing a German disco full of American soldiers , talking nonsense about collectivizing the Sahara , and providing the Provisional IRA with the weapons needed to kill wayward Catholics .
After the Qaddafi coup of 1969 , The Nation head - faked in Libya 's direction , telling its readers in 1970 that " it is indeed apparent to even the most casual visitor that no form of racism exists in Libya , " including anti-Semitism .
How a casual visitor determines the total eradication of racism in a foreign country was left unsaid .
In 1981 another Nation writer stressed that " most of the country 's 3 million people … have enjoyed a rising standard of living since Qaddafi came to power and continue to support the government . "
How an outsider determines a dictatorship 's level of popular support was , again , left to the imagination .
But even to those governed by the elastic moral standards of that era , Qaddafi and his aviator sunglasses never managed to become an icon .
Forty years after the Great Socialist People 's Libyan Arab Jamahiriya was established , you 're not likely to find college students underlining passages in the Green Book , Qaddafi 's famously nutty exegesis on something called " third international theory . "
Sure , there were brief flirtations with both the extreme right and the extreme left in England , with the neo - fascist National Front attempting to enlist Libya 's financial support ( and getting a pallet of Green Books for its trouble ) and the pro-Soviet miners union leader Arthur Scargill actually succeeding in securing both moral and financial support from the Qaddafi regime .
But all in all , Libya chic never caught on .
At an empty gift shop in Tripoli ( which , oddly , displays a Norwegian flag behind the seldom - used cash register ) , I pick up an English - language copy of Qaddafi 's book , hoping to gain some insight into the ideology that for 40 years has suspended this country in time .
The Green Book is Hitlerian in both its breadth of subject and its impenetrable prose style .
Qaddafi expounds on whatever pops into his mind , from the evils of private property to the art of wrestling , from abolishing the wage system to the universal right to own a Soviet car .
Passages like this one , anatomizing black African culture , may have alienated potential Western adherents : " Their backward social traditions are responsible for the absence of restrictions in marriage leading to an unchecked and high birth rate .
This is at a time when other races are diminishing in number as a result of the practice of birth control and other restrictions in the laws of marriage , as well as a preoccupation with work ; this is in contrast to the black people whose lassitude is due to living in constantly hot climate [ sic ] . "
The Colonel 's Private Junkyard
Libya ought to at least resemble a wealthy country , with its vast oil reserves and all those desperate politicians willing to do almost anything in exchange for access to them .
Yet Tripoli is covered from end to end in garbage .
Among the few benefits of living in a dictatorship , I had presumed , were that the trains run on time , crime is low , and armies of revolutionary trash collectors ensure that tourists tell their friends the country might not have elections but is at least exceptionally clean .
Remove the oil economy , and it is n't entirely clear what Libyans do for money .
The only shops I spot are selling either vegetables or cigarettes , sometimes both .
There are markets trading in all manner of junk : old sewing machines , toilets , fake perfume ( Hugo Boos seems particularly popular ) .
The most frequently promoted product ( aside from the ubiquitous face of Qaddafi staring down from countless billboards ) is , inexplicably , corn oil .
After decades of crippling trade sanctions under an aging and increasingly batty dictator , and with no tourism industry to speak of , Libya 's economy is a shambles .
In their latest Index of Economic Freedom , the Heritage Foundation and The Wall Street Journal rank the country 171st out of 179 , only slightly edging out the Union of the Comoros and the Democratic Republic of Congo .
Besides sucking the economic life out of Tripoli , Qaddafi determined that the capital city , once a playground for Italian and British colonizers , must also be denuded of fun .
Alcohol , which for years helped people forget they lived in Libya , is prohibited .
Nonalcoholic beer is available in our hotel ( a five - star , though it appears to have been graded on a curve ) , but only to placate ( or taunt ) the few Western visitors who pass through .
The pious Muslims of Libya are not unlike vegetarians , surrounding themselves with pointless facsimiles of the forbidden , from beef bacon to bottles of booze with all the booze removed .
No matter how hard governments try , though , it is increasingly difficult to close a country to all malignant Western cultural influences .
The tighter the controls , the more pedestrian the content that sneaks through .
Libyan teenagers have scrawled " 50 Cent " and " Tupac " throughout Tripoli 's largest souk .
On a crumbling yellow wall outside a bootleg DVD shop , someone was inspired — doubtless by a contraband hip - hop CD — to scribble " fuck yo " in defiance of nothing much at all .
Inside the DVD shop , the Hollywood film Fat Albert is available for a few dollars — popular , presumably , because the title character , like most Libyans , lives in a junk yard .
Corrective Studies
But we are not here to investigate how Libyans entertain themselves or to talk to the hoi polloi about Islamic socialism .
Soon after arriving , along with three other journalists and one academic , we are racing in a convoy of black Mercedes Benzes , hazard lights on , horns blasting ( and never met with a counter - honk ) , to meet the first group of terrorists recently released from Tripoli 's notorious Abu Salim prison .
All are former members of the Al Qaeda farm team known as the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group ( LIFG ) .
Since 2003 , when Libya abandoned its weapons of mass destruction program and the West subsequently lifted economic sanctions on the country , the Qaddafi government has made a concerted effort to reintegrate itself into the world community .
Its program of " rehabilitating " LIFG prisoners and supposedly turning them against Al Qaeda is the latest tactic in an expansive and expensive public relations campaign to rebrand a country whose name was long a synonym for international terrorism .
The Qaddafi Foundation chose our interview subjects from 88 low - and mid-level LIFG members who were released in October after signing a document called " Corrective Studies , " blasting Al Qaeda 's tactics and renouncing violence against noncombatants .
" Jihad has ethics and morals because it is for God , " the 400 - plus - page document states .
" That means it is forbidden to kill women , children , elderly people , priests , messengers , traders and the like .
Betrayal is prohibited and it is vital to keep promises and treat prisoners of war in a good way .
Standing by those ethics is what distinguishes Muslims ' jihad from the wars of other nations . "
As the former inmates answer questions about their stints in Afghanistan and prison , a ubiquitous representative of the security service scribbles notes .
Between this silent intimidation and the string of incompetent translators , it is difficult to divine what inspired so many fanatics to jointly repent their sins .
The focus sharpens slightly when I ask each man the length of his sentence .
They all answer matter - of - factly that they were sentenced to death .
Most were accused of crimes such as possession of false documents , membership in a banned organization , and , as one former fighter tells us , having the " wrong ideas . "
All admit to receiving a certain level of weapons training but say they graduated to nonviolent roles in the media and propaganda departments of the LIFG , with many working from a base in London after being provided political asylum by the British government .
( They told the English authorities they'd be killed if they returned to Libya , then went on to produce Al Qaeda newsletters while under the British government 's " umbrella of protection . " )
If they are to be believed , few ever pulled a trigger in anger .
With every conversation , they sound more and more like the Women 's Auxiliary Balloon Corps of Al Qaeda .
After years in prison , hashing out the details of their release , their answers display a striking similarity , leading an exasperated questioner to instigate exchanges like this :
Q : Yes , you were a member of the mujahedeen that once distributed Katyusha rockets in Afghanistan , you spent your vacation time with Osama bin Laden in Sudan , but which one of you guys chopped off the heads of infidels ?
A : Nobody .
Q : Ever killed anyone ?
A : Not that I am aware of , but I suppose it 's possible .
I launched mortar rounds at the enemy in Afghanistan .
In a fundamentalist version of the Battle of New Orleans , our hapless jihadis all explain that they came to fight the Soviets in 1990 or later .
None was aware that by the time they arrived , the Soviet Union had collapsed and its troops had disengaged .
As one former LIFG fighter explains , such developments were not discussed in the Libyan media .
After hours of formulaic answers , plummeting blood sugar , and a grumbling stomach , I sink deeper into the cushions , extending my legs toward the center of the room .
Another journalist leans over and chides me for exposing the soles of my feet to the former Al Qaeda member , fearing that I might offend him .
" In Arab culture , " he says , " that is considered disrespectful . "
It is wise , I decide , to not offend our host , even if he has never killed an infidel .
An hour later , the same reporter is now ignoring his own advice , the bottoms of his feet pointing directly at the ex-terrorist , doubtless in an attempt to stop the man from talking .
Visiting the Middle East or the African Maghreb , you are constantly reminded that while the much - touted moderate Islamists may not want to destroy the New York skyline , they are still insane .
Several reformed LIFG fighters inform me that " American Muslims would fight America if it invaded Libya . "
Osama bin Laden was once a reasonable guy , one tells me , corrupted by his relationship with the Egyptian fundamentalist Ayman al - Zawahari .
And although America might have provided support to Muslims in the past , this does n't matter because it was for our own self - interest , not because we realize that Islam is the one true faith .
One charming , amusing , and polite former stooge for Al Qaeda now operates in the same capacity for the Libyan government , claiming he saw the light and converted from Islamism to Qaddafism .
When I ask about press freedom , he confidently informs the group that there is no restriction on speech in Libya and there even exist a number of privately run newspapers .
" Can one of these independent newspapers print a banner headline tomorrow demanding , ' Qaddafi Must Go ' ? " I ask .
" Why would they want to do that ? " he replies .
Such answers go a long way toward explaining why Libya ranks 156 out of 175 in Reporters Without Borders ' latest Press Freedom Index .
Libyans Make Bad Soviets
Libya 's recent opening may be governed by realpolitik and a desire for more economic contact with the West , but it 's still better than nothing .
There is plenty of reason to question the motives of former LIFG fighters — the fact that they were sentenced to death gives them a compelling incentive to assist the government 's anti–Al Qaeda program — but the Libyan government has provided tangible evidence that it is prepared to come in from the cold , according to many involved in the delicate diplomacy between Qaddafi and the West .
The power brokers in Tripoli love the word dialogue ; everyone from members of the Qaddafi Foundation to former terrorists say they are interested in talking with their onetime enemies .
This is a rather significant change .
It is worth recalling that in 1986 a well - aimed American bomb destroyed Qaddafi 's Tripoli compound , missing the " Brother Leader " by a matter of minutes and killing his 15 - month - old stepdaughter .
These days , his adult children are spotted traveling in the United States and partying in European nightclubs .
Their father recently made his long - awaited debut at the United Nations , treating the assembled to a 90 - minute speech denouncing Jack Ruby , the " Israeli " murderer of Lee Harvey Oswald , and declaring the swine flu a capitalist conspiracy .
As is frequently the case with totalitarians , this is also a one - way dialogue , requiring that all other parties accept the preconditions of the conversation .
While Saif Qaddafi has gingerly and incompletely acknowledged some of the past outrages perpetrated by his father 's regime , most other representatives of the Libyan government seem to be sticking to the script .
A translator at a government office I visited , who without irony identifies himself as Libya 's former secretary general of human rights , exclaims , " We have always been against terrorism . "
How do you dialogue with people who are so evasive , so untethered to reality ?
The successes of Saif Qaddafi 's outreach to the West are obscured by the low - level sovietism you encounter around every corner in Libya .
Like Saddam 's ruling clique , the Qaddafists do n't bother to make any of it believable .
If there is an election , the ruling party will inevitably receive 100 percent of the ballots cast .
When the LIFG prisoners were asked to renounce Al Qaeda , the result , one official insists to our group , was " 100 percent having been convinced . "
The Libyans are not masters of public relations — a fact underlined by their failure to remove from the wall of one government office we visited a photo of Abdelbeset Ali Mohmed al Megrahi , better known as the Lockerbie bomber .
Trust , but Verify
Puffing on a cigarette , the gatekeeper at the business class lounge at Tripoli Airport — as grubby as the all - access lounge , but with free coffee and cakes — tells me my flight to London has been delayed by an hour .
When it becomes clear that the wireless router taped to the wall is n't routing anything , I return to his messy metal desk and ask if , in the meantime , he might tell me if there was some special Libyan way of checking email .
" No , " he sighed .
" Internet also delayed . "
Everything in this country is delayed or nonfunctioning , from the telephone in my hotel room to the 40 - year - old political system .
Libya does n't even have a functioning postal service — which might explain why the U.S. Postal Service charges almost $ 300 to ship a 10 - pound package to the country .
It will likely be easier to undo Libya 's fractured relationship with the West than it will be to undo four decades of domestic failure .
Boarding a British Airways flight out of Tripoli , a Libyan - American who spent the last 40 years in Chicago spots my passport and asks what on earth I am doing in the country .
I tell him of my temporary association with the Qaddafi Foundation , then ask if he believes Libya truly desires to rejoin the world community .
" Well , since 2005 I have been coming back , " he says .
" A decade ago , it would have been impossible . "
But does he trust this new Qaddafism - with - a - human - face ?
" I 've been out of Libya for a majority of my life , and I miss my country , " he replies .
" What other choice do I have but to believe ? "
For the rest of us , it 's too early to believe that any of these gestures are genuine .
The record is contradictory , the evidence still scant ; to be optimistic , you must assume both that Saif Qaddafi will be the heir to the revolution and that he 'll keep his promises to liberalize the country 's economic and political systems .
Perhaps the next generation of Qaddafis will loosen their chokehold on power in exchange for a seat at the adult table of international politics .
But for the long - suffering Libyans , the rehabilitation of former Al - Qaeda associates , the abandonment of its nascent nuclear program , and the release of the Lockerbie bomber have brought them no closer to the representative democracy Qaddafi promised 40 years ago .
Michael C. Moynihan ( mmoynihan@reason.com ) is a senior editor at reason .
In this weeks episode I head down to the ice behind our Vermont inn for some early morning ice fishing with my friend Doug ( Amy was stuck inside making breakfast for the guests ) .
Ice fishing starts early , and pretty much requires beer – so the question begged , what is the perfect ice fishing beer .
This time we go with a coffee theme – sampling several coffee infused beers .
We start with Southern Tiers Jah Vah Imperial Stout , give Long Trails Imperial Coffee Stout a try , sample the BBC Coffehouse Porter and wrap with the Wolavers Alta Gracia Coffee Porter – all without catching a single fish …
Luckily , before the day was out we did catch a fish – and climb back up the hill to the inn .
The extreme cold meant these beers were a bit colder than I would have liked , which leads me to wonder what the best cold weather beer would be ?
Any suggestions ?
If you would like to know some more about ice fishing – check out Doug ’s website Brattleboro Outdoors .
Cheers from Here for the Beer !
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Print
Email
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Tags : Porter
The progressive blogosphere is having a good laugh at self - professed “ traditional marriage ” defender Karl Rove , after a Texas court granted the former Bush White House political mastermind his second divorce .
The man referred to as “ Bush ’s brain ” ended his 24 - year marriage to Darby Rove last week , said Dana Perino , the former Bush press secretary and now , apparently , the “ family spokeswoman ” for the Roves , according to Politico .
ADVERTISEMENT
News that Rove is getting divorced became instant fodder for political commentators who have chafed over the years at what they see as Rove ’s cynical exploitation of Christian “ values voters ” to win elections .
“ No one should really be surprised by the hypocrisy , especially because Rove himself is apparently not devoutly Christian , he simply specialized in playing to those who were , ” writes Sara Libby on her True / Slant blog .
“ Nor is it surprising that for all of gay marriage opponents ’ talk of how it will destroy ‘ traditional ’ marriage , Rove did n’t seem to have much respect for families to begin with . ”
Salon ’s Glenn Greenwald took a similar tack .
“ This is Rove ’s second ‘ traditional marriage ’ to end without death doing them part — his next one will be his third traditional marriage , ” Greenwald quipped on his Twitter account .
In a blog posting at Salon , Greenwald pointed out that Texas has some of the most liberal divorce laws in the US , allowing ( heterosexual ) couples to split up “ if they feel like it . ”
Texas , needless to say , is one of the states which has constitutionally barred same - sex marriages , and has a Governor who explicitly cites Christian dogma as the reason to support that provision , yet the overwhelming majority of Texan citizens make sure that there ’s nothing in the law making their own marriages binding or permanent — i.e. , traditional .
They ’re willing to limit other people ’s marriage choices on moral grounds , but not their own , and thus have a law that lets them divorce whenever the mood strikes .
That ’s the very permissive , untraditional and un-Christian law that Rove just exploited in order to obtain his divorce … .
If Karl Rove , Newt Gingrich , Rush Limbaugh and their friends and followers actually were required by law to stay married to their wives — the way that “ traditional marriage ” was generally supposed to work — the movement to have our secular laws conform to “ traditional marriage ” principles would almost certainly die a quick , quiet and well - deserved death .
ADVERTISEMENT
In a tweet Tuesday , MSNBC news host David Shuster addressed Rove directly .
“ Sanctity of marriage ?
You just got [ a ] divorce , ” Shuster wrote .
“ How about a law aimed at you instead of gay couples ? ”
“ Maybe Rove was just getting a jump on all Texas marriages being declared invalid ? ” asks the Queerty blog , in reference to reports last month that Texas ’ constitutional ban on gay marriage may have inadvertently banned all marriage .
Rove ’s first marriage , to Houston socialite Valerie Wainwright , ended in 1979 after three years .
ADVERTISEMENT
His political memoir , Courage and Consequence , is due out in March .
Rove is also scheduled to appear at a number of Republican fundraisers in the coming weeks , including one in Raleigh , North Carolina , for Sen. Richard Burr ( R - NC ) , and another for the Lucas County Republican Party in Ohio .
Rove appeared on Fox News Tuesday , where he was given 11 minutes to talk about the attempted Christmas Day attack on a Northwest airliner , and the growing budget deficit under President Obama .
His divorce was n’t mentioned .
ADVERTISEMENT
— David Edwards contributed to this report
Obama campaign arm focuses on talk radio
The Democratic National Committee 's Organizing for America has quietly launched an initiative aimed at making Obama supporters ' voices heard on the largely conservative airwaves .
" The fate of health reform has been a focus of debate in living rooms and offices , on TV and online — and on talk radio .
And since millions of folks turn to talk radio as a trusted source of news and opinions , we need to make sure OFA supporters are calling in with a pro-reform message , " says the introduction to the online tool .
The online tool presents users with a radio show discussing political topics , to which supporters can listen live , and the phone number for that station , for when health care comes up .
It also offers tips for callers and talking points on the issue .
My quick sampling produced Christian radio , a local talk station in Buffalo , and the syndicated talk shows of Dr. Laura Schlessinger and Sean Hannity — who will no doubt be thrilled with their new , liberal callers .
Supporters are then encouraged to report back on their encounters .
Tech President 's Nancy Scola writes that the program is a product of a new push inside the organization to develop new software tools to give supporters " achievable , tangible tasks to do that fit into the nooks and crannies of their day to day lives . "
Heidi , the star of the " Meet The Feebles Variety Hour " discovers her lover Bletch , The Walrus , is cheating on her , and with all the world waiting for the show the assorted co-stars must contend with their own problems .
These include drug addiction , extortion , robbery , disease , Drug dealing , and even murder .
While this is happening the love between two of the stars is threatened by the devious Trevor the Rat , who wishes to exploit the young starlet for use in his porno movie business .
Written by The Losman ( corrections by GTS )
JohnBeez Fretless Fader 2010 Update
Fretless Fader creator JohnBeez gives an update and explanation of his diabolical hardware creation .
In addition to showing off the major / minor switch , he shows how the Fretless Fader has the unique ability to move both up and down an octave .
See more of the Fretless Fader demoed here .
Israel 's continuing colonisation of the West Bank is leading to a " one- state solution " , the Palestinian president , Mahmoud Abbas , has told the Guardian , while indicating that he may be poised this week to accept a US proposal for " proximity talks " with Israel through American mediators .
In an exclusive interview , the Palestinian Authority president also insisted he would not allow any return to armed resistance ; offered direct negotiations with Israel in exchange for a complete three - month settlement freeze ; claimed he had come close to a comprehensive agreement with former Israeli leader Ehud Olmert that went beyond anything negotiated by Yasser Arafat under President Bill Clinton ; and defended Egypt 's construction of an underground wall to prevent smuggling into the Hamas - controlled Gaza strip .
The Palestinian Authority president has been under intense US pressure to open peace negotiations with the Israeli government of Binyamin Netanyahu , but has so far refused to do so unless Israel freezes all settlement building in the occupied Palestinian territories , as originally demanded by the US president , Barack Obama , and required under the 2002 road map .
Israel has only accepted a partial halt on settlement construction for 10 months .
Last month Obama conceded that the US had failed to achieve " the kind of breakthrough that we wanted " in the Middle East and might not have raised expectations as high if it had anticipated the political problems .
Speaking in London after meeting Gordon Brown and the foreign secretary , David Miliband , the Palestinian leader said he did not know why the Americans " backed off " their demand for a full freeze .
He would consult with Arab allies before responding on Thursday to the US Middle East envoy George Mitchell 's call for proximity talks .
" If there is any substance in the response from the Israeli side – for example , if they accept the framework of a two - state solution based on the 1967 borders and an end to occupation , with timelines and mechanisms – then there will be progress , " Abbas said .
Israel is being pressed by the US to respond with confidence - building measures , including an end to military incursions , dismantling of checkpoints and release of prisoners , if indirect talks take place .
Abbas also said he would be prepared to resume full face - to - face peace negotiations if Israel froze all settlement construction for three months and accepted its June 1967 borders as the basis for land swaps .
" These are not preconditions , they are requirements in the road map .
If they are not prepared to do that , it means they do n't want a political solution . "
The Palestinian Authority and the PLO supported the two - state solution , Abbas said .
But what Israel was doing now in the West Bank , in terms of continued occupation , settlement expansion and the confiscation of Palestinian land , was " leading to the one - state solution , which we reject " .
Negotiations with Olmert in the run-up to the Gaza war , Abbas claimed , had gone further than those held in January 2001 at Taba between Arafat and Ehud Barak and included " border swaps , Jerusalem and the return of some refugees " , but the Netanyahu government refused to accept what had been agreed as a basis for further negotiation .
The Palestinian leader is under pressure , both from his Islamist rival Hamas and inside his own Fatah movement , over concessions to the US and Israel and the perceived inability of his leadership to deliver tangible progress towards Palestinian national goals of an end to Israeli occupation , statehood and the return of Palestinian refugees .
" There will be no return to armed struggle , " Abbas said .
" It will destroy our territories and our country . "
Hamas itself , he argued , " is not resisting " – a reference to the organisation 's effective ceasefire since January last year – " and now they are talking about peace and a truce with Israel " .
But if Israel continued to resist an end to occupation , he would resign and refuse to stand in new elections : " I will have to tell our people there is no hope and no use in my staying in office . "
Abbas 's four years as elected PA president expired a year ago , but last month the PLO extended his term until any new elections are held .
The PA leader defended his security forces ' crackdown on Hamas activists in the West Bank , insisting that " we do n't want to imprison any political members of Hamas , but only people who provoke the security situation , even from Fatah " .
He also denied reports published in the Guardian that the CIA had been working closely with elements of the PA security apparatus involved in arresting and allegedly torturing Hamas supporters .
The American role was restricted to the training and rehabilitation of the security forces as part of the wider international effort , he said .
The PA was ready to hold new elections in the Palestinian territories , last won by Hamas in 2006 , if the Islamist organisation would sign the reconciliation agreement drawn up by the Egyptian government , Abbas said .
He blamed " somebody outside " — code for Iran — for Hamas 's refusal to do so .
The Palestinian president also defended Egypt 's decision to build an underground wall on the blockaded Gaza strip 's southern border to prevent smuggling through tunnels .
" I support the wall , " Abbas said .
" It is the Egyptians ' sovereign right in their own country .
Legitimate supplies should be brought through the legal crossings . "
PORT -AU - PRINCE , Haiti 
This is not war , this overwhelming humanitarian effort .
But after eight years of dealing with counterinsurgencies in Iraq and Afghanistan , the lessons learned there — getting into the communities to understand the people 's needs — apply here to the job of distributing food and water and providing medical help .
" Those skills are transferable , " said Army Col.
Chris Gibson , commander of the brigade from the 82nd Airborne Division that is getting established here .
In Iraq and Afghanistan , soldiers and Marines have learned to seek out local leaders and learn gritty details about sewage , electricity and water .
They 're doing the same thing here , but no one is shooting at them .
Lt. Col . Mike Foster 's unit established a position at the Pétionville Club , adjacent to more than 10,000 refugees living on its golf course after the earthquake in Haiti .
Families are lying on the ground , shielded from the sun by sheets or blankets held up by wooden poles .
Some are injured and waiting for medical help .
Most are waiting for adequate food and water .
A man from the camp approached Foster on Sunday .
" We need shelter for the people , " said Saint Jean Saint Eloi .
" We need medical assistance . "
Foster told him the Army was handling food distribution because there was n't a better local system and the need for aid was immediate .
" We 're here to empower you , " he said , but " I 've got to be certain there is a system at least as effective ... and it's going to the people . "
Food and water supplies grew through the day as a stream of helicopters touched down on the golf course .
An amphibious force with 2,200 Marines is to arrive today .
A U.S. Navy hospital ship is on the way .
There are more than 300 soldiers from the 82nd Airborne Division in Haiti , and the number is likely to grow to about 2,500 .
Soldiers with the 82nd train for humanitarian missions such as disaster relief , but the focus on counterinsurgency has made troops more sensitive .
Soldiers handing out supplies do n't carry their weapons , or they sling them behind their backs .
They do n't wear helmets or protective vests .
Sgt. Charlie Erickson , 24 , from Millbrook , N.Y. , handed out water to children waiting in line .
The children smiled and walked off , tightly clutching the water bottles and ration packages .
" Everybody here is grateful , " Erickson said .
" There is no hostility toward us . "
Sgt. 1st Class Michael Billman , 30 , from South Dakota said , " Here we know we came into a peaceful environment .
It 's a good change . "
My dear friend " choochhoobear " ( who I actually only talk to when we happen to see each other at one of Clarine 's gatherings ) is trying to get the word out about some absolutely blatant theft of art .
Vera Brogsol of verabee.com made this :
http://verabee.com/images/kiss.jpg
The " post - hardcore band " " Pierce the Veil " is now selling this at Hot Topic : http://www.hottopic.com/hottopic/Apparel/TShirts/Pierce-The-Veil-Zombie-Love-Tee-144485.jsp
These jackholes neglected to contact Vera before not only swiping her art , but completely altering it .
And by " altering " I mean changing one character 's sex from female to male , and thus changing the contect of the kiss .
As for the second character , I think all they did was make her green and add some " cuts " .
Here is " Pierce the Veil 's " web site , well , their MySpace page anyway , seeing as they do n't actually have a web site : http://www.myspace.com/piercetheveil
Today a comic appears even though Tony was busy riding a flying lawnmower while Wes was reduced to a fine powder .
After the critical and financial success that was Batman : Arkham Asylum , Warner Bros .
Interactive Entertainment has taken the necessary steps to acquire Rocksteady Games .
DC Comics , as many know , is a Time Warner company .
This grants Warner Bros. and their parent company ownership of some of our favorite heroes .
Batman , Superman , Flash , The Green Lantern — they are all under the protective wing of Time Warner .
Today Warner Bros .
Interactive Entertainment has finalized the acquisition of one of the only development studios to ever produce a successful super hero game .
Rocksteady is now , too , a Time Warner Company .
In the official press release Rocksteady ’s Sefton Hill had this to say about the new owners , “ The Rocksteady team is very much looking forward to creating more great games based on the widely recognized Warner Bros. brands like Batman . ”
With the wild success of their first outing in the comic book realm , I personally can’t wait to see what ’s in store for Batman : AA ‘s sequel and any future Rocksteady games .
Despite concerns from police , a Minnesota Senate panel has voted to ban law enforcement databases of apparent or existing gang members .
The decision Tuesday night by the Judiciary Committee is the latest effort to recast gang oversight in Minnesota in the wake of the disbanded Metro Gang Strike Force , which saw a dozen of its members accused of various types of misconduct .
After introducing a restructuring bill last month , state Sen. Mee Moua , DFL - St. Paul , altered it during its first committee hearing , pushing through an amendment that bars law enforcement agencies from maintaining “ a computerized criminal gang investigative data system ” of people who are or may be involved in gang activity .
Moua said that would prohibit “ GangNet ” - type databases , a reference to one maintained since 1998 by the Ramsey County sheriff ’s office .
GangNet is a system not specifically authorized by state law in which information is compiled on people who may be associated with gangs .
It also would repeal a statute that allows a more specific state - maintained database called the Minnesota Gang Pointer File .
On a divided voice vote , the committee sent the bill to the State and Local Government Operations and Oversight Committee , which meets Friday .
Moua , chair of the Judiciary Committee , said having law enforcement use the state ’s existing Comprehensive Incident - Based Reporting System ( CIBRS ) , which is based on incident reports , is a smarter approach and does not involve profiling people as gang members .
In the past , critics have raised questions about GangNet , contending people can be mislabeled as gang members .
Ramsey County Sheriff Bob Fletcher , however , sent the committee that meets Friday a letter strongly criticizing Moua ’s approach .
“ If this proposal becomes law it will dismantle 20 years of progress in investigating and prosecuting gang members in Minnesota , ” Fletcher wrote .
“ Officer safety will be jeopardized because officers will not have access to information regarding gang history .
Investigations will be slowed because officers will not be able to identify the combatants and their motives without complete information regarding their gang association .
And finally , the prosecution of gang motivated offenses will be curtailed . ”
After criticisms were aired about the subjectivity of the names entered in GangNet , one - third of them were deleted .
It still contains roughly 10,500 names , however .
The state ’s Pointer File system , meanwhile , has about 3,000 names , all with some type of felony or gross misdemeanor conviction .
At Tuesday ’s hearing , some interpreted Moua ’s amendment as limiting law enforcement ’s ability to have access to critical information about gang activity , especially in suburbs .
David Brown , an assistant Hennepin County attorney , said law enforcement recognizes the importance of protecting privacy .
But he said it also wants to make critical connections to cases that occur across jurisdictional lines .
“ It is incredibly important that we have access to that kind of data , ” Brown told the panel .
Fletcher , meanwhile , said Minnesota has 3,000 confirmed gang members and another 10,000 close associates of gang members .
“ Dismantling the computer systems that track these criminal gang members would send us back to the pre-computer “ stone ages ” of law enforcement , ” he wrote .
One irony , he said , is that if the databases were disallowed , incident data now considered confidential likely would be considered public under Minnesota ’s data practices law .
“ Police agencies will be compelled to publicly release data on thousands of individuals , contrary to the goals of the advocates of the new amended language , who wish to protect the privacy of the persons in the gang systems , ” he said .
Moua , however , stood by her proposal .
“ I invited Sheriff Fletcher to come to the committee and talk about GangNet and he declined , ” she said .
“ I have to disagree .
I think GangNet and the Gang Pointer File , they foreshadowed a system like CIBRS .
We now have CIBRS in place .
I do n’t think GangNet or Pointer has utility . ”
Dennis Lien can be reached at 651-228-5588 .
Alcohol and whippits in the same container ?
WHAT IS IT , MY BIRTHDAY ?!
( It 's not , but it actually is The Superficial Writer 's -- HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! )
That 's right folks , Whipped Lightning brand Whipahol combines the creamy goodness of whipped spunk with the intoxicating effects of booze with the WAH - WAH - WAWESOMENESS of nitrous oxide .
Jesus loves us after all !
Now let 's all get naked , hold hands and sing Kumbaya ( I dropped acid too just to be on the safe side ) .
Official Site
Thanks to Garrett , who knows you do n't need alcohol - infused whipped cream to the the life of a party .
Just no pants and a lampshade on your head .
Classic !
Women in Tech : 20 Trailblazers Share Their Journeys
Successful women in the tech trenches share their insights and tackle subjects ranging from how to search out a strong mentor to how to be one -- from how to advance in a large company to how to start your own firm .
Get the Kindle or Paperback .
Google has allegedly requested help from the National Security Agency in tracking down hackers who attacked its infrastructure .
The development has raised concerns among privacy advocates .
The Washington Post broke the story that Google had turned to the NSA on Thursday , citing anonymous sources .
Security experts and privacy advocates have questioned Google 's motives .
Some have warned that this could constitute another attack on American citizens ' civil liberties .
Others say the move is part of a scheme by Google to curry favor with the government as it seeks to get more government contracts .
The Electronic Privacy Information Center filed a Freedom of Information Act request and asked for expedited processing with the NSA Thursday .
It seeks information on the agency 's arrangements with Google on cybersecurity .
It is also looking for records regarding the NSA 's role in setting security standards for Gmail and other Web - based applications .
Google declined to discuss the issue .
" We 're not going to comment beyond what we said in our original blog post , " spokesperson Jay Nancarrow told TechNewsWorld .
" At the time , we said we are working with the relevant U.S. authorities . "
The blog post to which Nancarrow referred was written by David Drummond , Google 's chief legal officer , and originally posted Jan. 12 .
The hack attack described in the post was publicized last month and has severely strained relations between Google and the government of China , where the attack is believed to have originated .
The attack also targeted at least 20 other large companies , and Google claimed there was evidence suggesting a primary goal of the attackers was to break into the accounts of Chinese human rights activists .
The accounts of " dozens " of Gmail users in the United States , Europe and China who advocate human rights in China also appeared to have been " routinely accessed " by third parties , Drummond said .
The attacks on Google have triggered a diplomatic row between Washington and Beijing .
However , they may not have come from hackers in China at all : Computer security consultants who worked with other companies that experienced attacks similar to those that hit Google pointed out that the surveillance system was controlled from compromised computers based in Taiwan , The New York Times has reported .
What Is Truth ?
There is another possible explanation for Google 's alleged cozying up to the NSA : that it is looking to get more government contracts .
The Internet search giant plans to create a dedicated cloud for government customers in the U.S.
It has also launched Google Public Sector , a site with tools and tips for government officials .
Further , Google is penetrating local and state governments .
The city of Los Angeles has put all of its 30,000 city workers on Gmail and Google 's productivity suite .
Other cities in California are also interested , according to reports .
" It 's in Google 's best interest to get the NSA to investigate the hack , and it's in NSA 's best interest to investigate this issue because some of the companies hacked may well be suppliers to NSA , " Randy Abrams , director of technical education at ESET , pointed out .
" When the company that makes your computers gets hacked , that raises security concerns , and in terms of global business , when another country gets an unfair advantage , that could be a bit of a national security concern , " Abrams told TechNewsWorld .
Security ?
Fuggedaboudit !
A great deal of public outcry was directed at the NSA four years ago , when it emerged that the agency was tapping domestic phone lines without warrants .
This time , though , not everyone is quite as perturbed as civil rights organizations like EPIC .
" A precedent was set back in 2006 when the telcos began spying on Americans ' domestic phone calls without legal backing , " ESET 's Abrams pointed out .
" If those hackers who hit Google can compromise it , what makes you think the NSA could n't ?
There 's pretty much no privacy on the Internet anyway . "
Americans have to decide whether they prefer security or convenience , Stewart Baker , a distinguished visiting fellow at the center for Strategic and International Studies and a law partner at Steptoe & Johnson , told TechNewsWorld .
" Before we make additional interconnections , we have to recognize that there 's a cost , and we have to be prepared to live with that cost , either in terms of additional security or in terms of vulnerability to attacks , " he explained .
" Adding in the security is something you have to do when you decide we can't live without the connectivity . "
CSIS provides strategic insights and policy solutions to decision makers in government , international institutions , the private sector and civil society .
Baker was the principal author of a report on the dangers of cyberwar to critical infrastructure sponsored by McAfee .
The Ongoing Threat
Whether the attack came from China , Taiwan or elsewhere is less of an issue than what it points to -- that cyberattackers are constantly targeting American institutions and corporations .
" Sensitive information is stolen daily from both government and private sector networks , undermining confidence in our information systems and in the very information these systems were intended to convey , " Dennis Blair , U.S. Director of National Intelligence , told the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence earlier this week .
Cyberterrorists and cybercriminals are becoming increasingly sophisticated , and we 're fighting a losing battle against them , Blair pointed out .
That terrifies Baker .
" Some very sophisticated companies have n't been able to prevent attacks by adversaries , " he said .
" We 're living in a world where we can't be sure we can build adequate security to keep people out of our networks , and that 's deeply troubling . "
Whether you ’re looking for an out - of - the - box e-signature solution or API / SDK to integrate e-signing into your apps , OneSpan Sign has you covered
See how OneSpan Sign balances ease of use with the highest levels of security and compliance to deliver a risk - free e-signature solution for all your business needs .
Reservation form
To make a reservation please use the form below .
Note :
In the form below * indicates a required field .
I Think I Just Got Patented .
I could not think of anything but the South Park quote , They took our jobs !
when I read today Black Duck 's announcement of their patent , Resolving License Dependencies For Aggregations of Legally - Protectable Content .
I 've read through the patent , from the point of view of someone skilled in this particular art .
In fact , I 'm specifically skilled in two distinct arts related to this patent : computer programming and Free Software license compatibility analysis .
It 's from that perspective that I took a look at this patent .
( BTW , the thing to always remember about reading patents is that the really significant part is n't the abstract , which often contains pie - in - the - sky prose about what the patent covers .
The claims are the real details of the so - called “ invention ” . )
So , when I look closely at these claims , I am appalled to discover this patent claims , as a novel invention , things that I 've done regularly , with a mix of my brain and a computer , since at least 1999 .
I quickly came to the conclusion that this is yet another stupid patent granted by the USPTO that it would be better to just ignore .
Indeed , ever since Amazon 's one - click patent , I 've hated the inundation of “ look what stupid patent was granted today ” slashdot items .
I think it 's a waste of time , generally speaking , since the USPTO is granting many stupid software patents every single day .
If we spend our time gawking and saying how stupid they are , we do n't get any real work done .
But , the ( likely obvious ) reason this caught my attention is that the patent covers activities I 've done regularly for so long .
It gives me this sick feeling in my stomach to read someone else claiming as an invention something I 've done and considered quite obvious for more than a decade .
I 'm not a patent agent ( nor do I want to be — spending a week of my life studying for a silly exam to get some credential has n't been attractive to me since I got my Master 's degree ) , but honestly , I can't see how this patented process is n't obvious to everyone skilled in the arts of FLOSS license evaluation and computer programming .
Indeed , the process described is so simple - minded , that it 's a waste of time in my view to spend time writing a software system to do it .
With a few one - off 10 - line Perl programs and a few greps , I 've had a computer assist me with processes like this one many times since the late 1990s .
I do feel some shame that I 've now contributed to the “ hey , everyone , let 's gawk at this silly pointless surely - invalid patent ” rant .
I guess that I have new sympathy for website designers who were so personally offended regarding the Amazon one - click patent .
I can now confirm first - hand : it does really feel different when the patent claims seem close to an activity you 've engaged in yourself for many years prior to the patent application .
It 's when the horribleness of the software patent system starts to really hit home .
The saddest part , though , is that Black Duck again shows itself as a company whose primary goal is to prey on people 's fear of software freedom .
They make proprietary software and acquire software patents with the primary goal of scaring people into buying stuff they probably do n't need .
I 've spent a lot more time working regularly on FLOSS license compliance than anyone who has ever worked at Black Duck .
Simply put , coming into ( and staying in ) compliance is a much simpler process than they say , and can be done easily without the use of overpriced proprietary analysis of codebases .
The bipartisan meeting will be an attempt to reach across the aisle , but not to start over , Obama says .
| REUTERS W.H. plans televised health meeting
President Barack Obama is planning to host a televised meeting with Republican and Democratic congressional leaders on health care reform .
The Feb. 25 meeting is an attempt to reach across the aisle but not a signal that the president plans to start over , as Republicans have demanded , a White House official said .
Advertisement
“ I want to come back [ after the Presidents Day congressional recess ] and have a large meeting — Republicans and Democrats — to go through , systematically , all the best ideas that are out there and move it forward , ” Obama said in an interview with Katie Couric during CBS ’s Super Bowl pre-game show Sunday .
Obama said he wants to “ look at the Republican ideas that are out there . ”
“ If we can go , step by step , through a series of these issues and arrive at some agreements , then , procedurally , there ’s no reason why we ca n’t do it a lot faster the process took last year , ” he said .
In a statement , the official said , “ What the president will not do is let this moment slip away .
He hopes to have Republican support in doing so — but he is going to move forward on health reform . ”
Obama first suggested reopening talks with Republicans during his State of the Union address last month , and reiterated the call at a Democratic fundraiser Thursday , but the White House had kept details of his plan under wraps until Sunday .
The idea has been met previously with skepticism by the congressional leaders of both parties .
Republicans say they see little room for compromise because the bill should be scrapped , while Democrats argue they have already tried a bipartisan approach , but failed .
But since the Democratic loss in the Massachusetts Senate race , Obama has been forced to rework his legislative strategy – both by striking a more bipartisan tone , and returning to his campaign pledge of providing more transparency .
He ’s been dogged by questions about why he failed to live up to his campaign promise of televising the health care negotiations on C - SPAN .
The half - day meeting will take place at Blair House , and be broadcast live , presumably by C - SPAN , making it the first televised White House meeting involving the president since a forum last March .
There were 11 other roundtable discussions , usually led by White House health care reform director Nancy - Ann DeParle , that were webstreamed and , in some cases , carried live by C - Span .
“ While he ’s been very clear that he supports the House and Senate bills , if Republicans or anyone else has a plan for protecting Americans from insurance company abuses , lowering costs , reducing prescription drug prices for seniors , making coverage more secure , and offering affordable options to those without coverage , he ’s anxious to see it and debate the merits of it , ” the White House official said .
Legislators from both parties applauded the meeting , while holding to their positions on the health care legislation .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) said in a statement reacting to Obama 's call for what Reid called " a bipartisan , bicameral health insurance reform meeting " :
“ Senate Democrats join with the president in reaffirming our commitment to seeking a bipartisan solution to health reform .
We have promoted the pursuit of a bipartisan approach to health reform from day one .
As we continue our work to fix our broken health care system , Senate Democrats will not relent on our commitment to protecting consumers from insurance company abuses , reducing health care costs , saving Medicare and cutting the deficit . ”
" Obviously , I am pleased that the White House finally seems interested in a real , bipartisan conversation on health care , ” said House Republican Leader John Boehner ( R - Oh. ) in a statement Sunday .
He added : “ The problem with the Democrats ' health care bills is not that the American people do n't understand them ; the American people do understand them , and they do n't like them . ”
The announcement of the televised meeting comes as Democrats have expressed growing confusion about how the White House plans to deliver a health care reform bill this year , after two weeks of inconsistent statements and little hands - on involvement by Obama .
Democrats on Capitol Hill and beyond said last week they had no clear understanding of the White House strategy and were growing impatient with Obama ’s reluctance to lead the way toward a legislative solution .
The bipartisan talks are the latest iteration of Obama 's plan to restart health care , which has been stalled in the more than two weeks since Democrats lost the Massachusetts Senate race .
In that time , Obama or his top advisers have talked of breaking the bill into smaller parts , keeping it together in one comprehensive package , putting it at the back of legislative line and needing to “ punch it through ” Congress .
Obama told Couric that he did not regret holding back on health reform to pursue a jobs agenda .
“ Keep in mind : Jobs were my number - one priority last year , ” he said .
“ Do I wish we could have done it faster , that it had n’t been so painful slow through the legislative process ?
Absolutely .
But it was the right thing to do then .
It continues to be the right thing . ”
As for meeting with Republicans , Obama on Thursday described the “ next step ” as sitting down with the GOP , Democrats and health care experts .
“ Let 's just go through these bills — their ideas , our ideas — let 's walk through them in a methodical way so that the American people can see and compare what makes the most sense , ” Obama said .
At the same fundraiser , Obama seemed to acknowledge for the first time that Congress may well decide to scrap health care altogether — an admission that blunted his repeated and emphatic vows to finish the job .
The White House said Obama ’s remarks were misinterpreted and he intends to finish health reform .
Speaking to Couric , Obama acknowledged public unhappiness with all the special deals in the legislation .
“ What we have to do is just make sure that it is a much more clear and transparent process , ” he said .
“ I ’ve got to push Congress on that . ”
The Superintendant of the Lower Merion School District — where parents have initiated a class action suit over the covert use of students ' laptops to surveil them in school and at home — has sent a letter to parents with more information about the spying .
The school admits that there was spyware installed on students laptops that allowed for remote , covert activation of their webcams , but maintains that the measure was only to be used in the event of theft of the machine ( some had speculated that the school was only able to surveil students ' hard drives , and that the images of a student engaged in " misconduct " in his home that a vice - principal confronted the student with had been taken by the student , intentionally , and stored on the laptop 's hard - drive , from which it was retrieved by the school administration — this now seems not to have been the case ) .
The school also claims that the system can only capture still images , not audio or video .
They have disabled the system for now and deny that it was misused .
As a result of our preliminary review of security procedures today , I directed the following actions :
· Immediate disabling of the security - tracking program .
· A thorough review of the existing policies for student laptop use .
· A review of security procedures to help safeguard the protection of privacy ; including a review of the instances in which the security software was activated .
We want to ensure that any affected students and families are made aware of the outcome of laptop recovery investigations .
· A review of any other technology areas in which the intersection of privacy and security may come into play .
School Sued For Spying On Students With Laptop Cameras Says It Was A Security Feature , Turns It Off
( Thanks , Dan ! )
( Image : IMG_6395 , a Creative Commons Attribution - ShareAlike image from bionicteaching 's photostream )
Military chaplains are busier than they have been since the second world war but the armed forces are struggling to recruit clergy because of a diminishing pool of priests , the Church of England 's governing body will be told this week .
In a report to the General Synod , which opens tomorrow , chaplaincies from across the armed forces will highlight the discrepancy between staffing and demand .
The navy chaplaincy has dropped its minimum age requirement from 52 to 49 to attract more people .
The RAF , which deployed 12 chaplains in 2009 to Afghanistan alone , says it has launched a recruitment campaign because of the shortages .
The Royal Army Chaplains '
Department has experienced one of its busiest decades since the second world war , with more than 30 staff deployed simultaneously around the world on several occasions because of Britain 's military operations .
It has 27 people in Afghanistan and nine in Iraq .
One churchman said an absence of chaplains would be hamper operations .
The Rev Stephen Sharkey was in Afghanistan with 4 Rifles , a mechanised infantry regiment that returned to the UK last October .
It was his first deployment and he spent his four months travelling between Camp Bastion , Silab and Shawqat .
He said : " Around 20 % of the battalion would never have been deployed before .
There were new people coming in all the time .
It is a young army .
It has to be to survive .
" I let the soldiers know I was there , sometimes they would seek me out .
We talked about everything ‑ pastoral , financial , personal , relationship , grief and bereavement issues .
I would talk to anyone , whether they were Christian or not . "
He said the majority of those he met were open to faith and spirituality .
" Often they ask us to pray for them .
They say it can't do any harm .
When they go out they do n't know if they will come back .
When their friends go out , they do n't know if they 'll come back . "
Addressing the hundreds of bishops , clergy and laity attending the synod will be the chaplain general of land forces , the Ven Stephen Robbins , the chaplain of the fleet , the Ven John Green , and the RAF chaplain - in - chief , the Ven Ray Pentland .
Other issues to be discussed during the five - day meeting are better pension rights for partners of gay clergy and religious content on television channels .
The synod opens tomorrow with the bishop of Manchester explaining why there has been a setback to draft legislation on the ordination of women as bishops .
On Tuesday , the archbishop of Canterbury will deliver his presidential address .
It is expected he will discuss ongoing debates in the Anglican communion about human sexuality and reflections on the apostolic constitution , a Vatican initiative to allow groups of Anglicans to convert to Catholicism .
While playing with mpmpath and it ’s Riemann Zeta function evaluator , I came upon those interesting animated plottings using Matplotlib ( the source code is in the end of the post ) .
Riemann zeta function is an analytic function and is defined over the complex plane with one complex variable denoted as “ “ .
Riemann zeta is very important to mathematics due it ’s deep relation with primes ; the zeta function is given by :
for .
So , let where and .
The first plot uses the triplet coordinates to plot a 3D space where each component is given by :
( or , previously defined ) ;
( or , previously defined ) ; ( or , previously defined ) ;
( or , previously defined ) ; ( or , previously defined ) ;
( or , previously defined ) ;
The time component used in the animation is called and it ’s given by or simply .
To plot the animation I ’ve used the follow intervals :
For : from , this were calculated at every 0.01 step – shown in the plot at top right ;
: from , this were calculated at every 0.01 step – shown in the plot at top right ;
For : from , calculated at every 0.1 step – shown as the axis .
This plot were done using a fixed interval ( no auto scale ) for the coordinates .
Where ( ) is when the non-trivial zeroes of Riemann Zeta function lies .
Now see the same plot but this time using auto scale ( automatically resized coordinates ) :
Note the auto scaling .
See now from another plotting using a 2D space where each component is given by :
( or , previously defined ) ;
( or , previously defined ) ; ( blue ) and ( green ) ;
( blue ) and ( green ) ;
The time component used in the animation is called and it ’s given by or simply .
To plot the animation I ’ve used the follow intervals :
For : from , this were calculated at every 0.01 step – shown in title of the plot at top ;
: from , this were calculated at every 0.01 step – shown in title of the plot at top ; For : from , calculated at every 0.1 step – shown as the axis .
This plot were done using a fixed interval ( no auto scale ) for the coordinates .
Where ( ) is when the non-trivial zeroes of Riemann Zeta function lies .
The first 10 non-trivial zeroes from Riemann Zeta function is shown as a red dot , when the two series , the and cross each other on the red dot at the critical line ( ) is where lies the zeroes of the Zeta Function , note how the real and imaginary part turns away from each other as the increases .
Now see the same plot but this time using auto scale ( automatically resized coordinate ) :
If you are interested in more visualizations of Riemann Zeta function , you ’ll like the well - done paper from J. Arias - de - Reyna called “ X - Ray of Riemann zeta- function “ .
I always liked the way visualization affects the understanding of math functions .
Anscombe ’s quartet is a clear example of how important visualization is .
The source - code used to create the plot are available here :
Source code for the 2D plots
Source code for the 3D plots
I hope you liked the post !
To make the plots and videos I ’ve used matplotlib , mpmath and MEncoder .
– Christian S. Perone
Our nasc ent economic recovery may come too late to save many American cities from bankruptcy , which in turn will deal heavy losses to municipal bond investors and the companies that insure munis .
The latest fright comes from Harrisburg , the capital of Pennsylvania .
The city is considering seeking bankruptcy protection — as well as tax hikes and asset sales — to address $ 68 million in debt service payments due this year .
Harrisburg does not stand a chance at making its payments .
The $ 68 million in debt service payments is four times what the city expects to raise through property taxes and $ 4 million more than the city ’s entire operating budget .
Ironically , the debt burden that is trashing Harrisburg was incurred to build a waste incinerator .
Bloomberg reports :
Carol Cocheres , bond counsel for the incinerator ’s operator , the Harrisburg Authority , told the city council at a Dec. 14 hearing that the city is already in danger of legal action for payments that were missed last year on $ 288 million in debt it has guaranteed with its full faith and credit .
“ There ’s never been a default like this in Pennsylvania municipal history , ” she said .
“ This is all new territory . ”
Cocheres told council members that by skipping payments that are made on behalf of the authority , the city risks being sued and ordered to raise taxes or fees by Assured Guaranty Municipal Corp. , formerly FSA Insurance , which has insured the bonds , or by the deal ’s trustee , TD Bank .
Not that long ago , journalists and some regulators were arguing that municipal bond insurance was something of a scam because munis had such a low historical default rate .
That now looks like the same kind of turning a blind eye to risk that led to the housing - led financial crisis .
I 'm a bit late , but this is the time of year when pundits issue their predictions for the coming year .
Normally I stay out of the political prognostication racket .
It 's as thankless as writing for Arianna Huffington .
Like when I predicted that Howard Dean had the Democratic nomination all sewn up .
Nicely played .
It 'll be in my obit .
I dare not die .
Do readers remember that I was the only one to call the Afghanistan War lost back in 2001 ?
That I was the first to note that Bush 's handling of Katrina would mark the beginning of the end for his presidency ?
That I was the first American pundit to criticize Bush after 9/11 ?
Nope .
Anyway ...
2010 could end up being a big year politically .
So , with nothing more than my already wounded pride at stake ( damn you , Howard Dean , you coulda been a contender ! ) , I 'm placing my bets .
First and foremost , the economy will continue to sour .
There may be small , brief up - ticks from time to time .
But the overall picture will keep trending downward .
Credit markets wo n't loosen .
There will be more bankruptcies .
More foreclosures .
Higher unemployment , both official and real .
I 'm a pessimist for one simple reason : none of the structural problems have been addressed .
No one has done anything to put more money into the pockets of consumers or businesses .
More bailouts and stimulus might help , but Congress wo n't approve them after the last time , when bankers used the loot to buy new yachts .
Not that they would have signed on during an election year anyway .
Things wo n't get better because they can't get better .
Obama 's job approval rating , which has already fallen faster than any president 's in the history of opinion polling , is tied to the unfolding fiscal apocalypse .
Unless there 's another 9/11 , his numbers will plunge toward the Dick Cheney Zone .
It 's fair , mostly .
Obama could have done a lot to ease the economic pain : direct federal assistance to distressed homeowners , nationalize insolvent banks rather than bail them out , giant New Deal - style federal employment projects , all funded by immediate withdrawal from Afghanistan and Iraq .
Instead , he kept Bush 's policies ( and personnel ) .
After the voters had rejected them .
Turns out we were wrong about Obama .
He 's not smart .
He 's not wise .
He 's just calm .
There 's also a racist component to Obama 's problems with the electorate .
Obama is much like David Dinkins , elected in 1989 as New York City 's first black mayor .
Dinkins , an affable Democrat , made the mistake of thinking that African - Americans were his political base .
They were n't .
White liberals were .
At the time I overheard many variants of the following conversation : " New York has a lot of blacks .
They 've never had a mayor .
Why not give them a chance to run the city ? "
Dinkins screwed up — not spectacularly — but he made a lot of boneheaded moves , such as ordering that white teachers be laid off first during the recession .
Hell hath no fury like a white person scorned .
" Never again , " I heard countless white liberals say after that .
" They [ blacks ] had their chance . "
White anger at Dinkins was out of proportion in response to his poor performance ; if he'd been the same lousy mayor — but with white skin — he would n't have been as reviled .
We 're seeing that now .
Obama is a terrible president , just another Bill Clinton , one unwilling to seize the opportunities afforded by the global economic meltdown .
White voter remorse , however , is a bitch .
Americans hate Obama more than they would hate Clinton ( for example ) — because he 's black .
Racist buyer 's remorse will hurt Obama in the polls ... and lead to Democratic losses in the midterm elections .
Conventional wisdom says that the Democrats will lose seats in the House and Senate in November .
But no one is predicting a 1994 bloodbath .
The GOP , goes the thinking , is too disorganized and fractured to wipe the floor with incumbent Dems .
Also , writes Nancy Cohen in The Los Angeles Times , " what was most important about 1994 politically wo n't make or break the 2010 elections .
Congress changed hands in 1994 because the Christian right recruited new voters and white Southerners shifted en masse to the GOP . "
That wo n't happen in 2010 , she says .
" Neither evangelicals nor white Southerners can swing this year 's election , because they are the Republican Party . "
Generally , I agree with Cohen 's take .
But I think Democratic losses will be more severe than the experts expect .
Voters are being forced to flop back and forth between two parties they hate , but their contempt for the Democrats will be particularly toxic .
Republicans do n't ( and did n't ) promise anything more than the same old tax cuts for the rich .
Obama 's Democrats , on the other hand , ran as agents of hope and change .
It would n't be as bad for them if their party 's standard bearer had n't failed so spectacularly , managing to live down to John McCain 's denigrating portrayal of him as an empty suit .
Nothing pisses people off more than being promised the big and then failing to receive even the small .
_______
About author Ted Rall is the author of " Ted Rall is the author of " The Anti-American Manifesto . "
His website is tedrall.com
Ever get a buzz from eating chocolate ?
A study published in the open access journal BMC Neuroscience has shown that chocolate - craving mice are ready to tolerate electric shocks to get their fix .
Rossella Ventura worked with a team of researchers from the Santa Lucia Foundation , Rome , Italy , to study the links between stress and compulsive food - seeking .
She said , “ We used a new model of compulsive behavior to test whether a previous stressful experience of hunger might override a conditioned response to avoid a certain kind of food – in this case , chocolate ” .
Ventura and her colleagues first trained well - fed mice and starved mice to seek chocolate in one chamber rather than going into an empty chamber .
Then , they added a mild electric shock to the chamber containing the chocolate .
Unsurprisingly , the well - fed animals avoided the sweet treat .
However , mice that had previously been starved , before being allowed to eat their way back up their normal weight , resisted this conditioning – continuing to seek out chocolate despite the painful consequences .
This is an index of compulsive behavior and the researchers claim that this matches compulsive food seeking in the face of negative consequences in humans .
Why am I running for Governor of California ?
I believe it is my civic duty as a citizen to reveal what I think is the BEST vision for the state , the country , and the Earth , and I believe that California should be the leader into the future .
In my vision every individual will have an unalienable right to a quarter - acre floating island interlinked with 10 billion other islands and encircled by a commercial “ ring of fire ” free enterprise zone .
Each island will be designed to extract the essentials of survival from its equatorial location on either the Atlantic or Pacific Oceans .
Each island will be interlinked with a state - of - the - art electric - drive transportation system designed for high - speed , magnetically - levitated transport of people , goods , and services , and it will be designed with a zero tolerance for collision .
Why the equator ?
There ’s enough area on the Atlantic and Pacific equatorial open ocean to accommodate more than ten billion people with a quarter - acre of floating territory .
No hurricanes ever exist within eight degrees north or south of the equator , no floods since we ’ll be floating , no earthquake effects since we ’ll be floating on an ocean of natural hydraulic fluid , no tsunamis , no forest fires , no landslides , no tornadoes , no blizzards , no mosquitoes , ants or termites , no rabies , and it 's easier and more efficient to build the state - of - the - art transportation and telecommunication system when everything is level and near sea level .
What material will we use to build this future infrastructure ?
Primarily polyethylene because it ’s abundant , renewable , and relatively inexpensive .
There are enough petroleum resources currently available to build ten billion quarter - acre islands along with community islands and the floating commercial zones .
Polyethylene must be protected from ultraviolet radiation from the sun to prevent degradation , but there are simple engineering techniques that will allow the use of marine growth to shield the structural polymer .
Entropy is an engineering term that describes the amount of energy no longer available to do work .
Automobile tailpipe exhaust is a good example of petroleum having its entropy maximized .
By instead using petroleum for polymer manufacture we dramatically reduce the rate of increase of entropy and if we protect the polymer from U.V. , humans can use it virtually forever .
Will we have electricity ?
We will have available all of the currently used sources of electricity , wind , wave , solar , nuclear , fossil but we will also have the opportunity to develop the much coveted and solar renewable ocean thermal energy conversion source ( OTEC ) .
See http://www.seasolarpower.com for more information .
Will construction of this new infrastructure be environmentally friendly ?
It depends on how responsible we are and how seriously we protect the environment as we extract and transport the necessary construction resources .
After construction , marine life density at every level of the food chain within our structure will increase significantly .
I ’m sure we will want to study the long - term environmental effects of what we construct and act responsibly on the data .
What are chinampas ?
Chinampas are floating islands made of built up layers of mud and reeds that pre-Hispanic Americans used to grow food .
They were self - irrigating and could be moved like barges .
See http://www.agnr.umd.edu/howard/mg/schfloa.htm.
What do you mean by “ extraction of essentials ” ?
Water , food , energy , stimulation , identification , and security .
Water from solar vapor condensers for desalinating seawater for abundant freshwater .
See Solar Still Basics .
Food from the sea beneath our islands attracted by the protection provided by the submerged section of our islands and the nutrient rich sub - thermocline seawater pumped to the surface to artificially duplicate rich fishing grounds in areas of natural upwelling that exist off Canada and Peru .
More food from plants that we grow under the equatorial sun on our islands .
Energy from solar sources .
Identification as a free , territorialized , and responsible individual .
Robert Ardrey , in his once - controversial book , The Territorial Imperative , gives a great description of the power of territory on the individual human psyche .
Stimulation from the aqua and agricultural cultivation of our individual quarter - acre islands , snorkeling , diving , and working and recreating with others we meet using the safe high speed transportation and telecommunication systems .
Security by design with authorization protocols for transporting to an island belonging to someone else .
The doorbell to any other island is in our island but the doorbell to our island is in every other island and nobody gets to the door until they get permission .
Where will we work and what will we do for a living ?
Most people will probably work in the free enterprise , “ ring of fire ” commercial zone that encircles the islands we inhabit .
It also will be floating and it will be the place where individuals establish or transfer businesses , factories , studios , stores , galleries or workshops .
The ring of fire in the Pacific will be huge with elliptical dimensions of approximately 1200 miles wide and 4000 miles long positioned between Galapagos and Jarvis .
The commercial zone in the Atlantic will have a non-elliptical shape due to different geographical limitations .
Each ring of fire will be equally divided among citizens and there will be no such thing as tenants and landlords .
All corporations will be required to rent if their function requires more than its corporate owners ' territory to operate .
Also , this plan allows those who desire to opt out of work , in the traditional sense , to do so without burdening those who do n’t .
What will we do with waste ?
We will extend our infant toilet training into adulthood and train to treat our waste responsibly as individuals .
Treatment by composting and reutilization in non -food bearing plants .
No waste will be dumped .
Some have likened the oceans to giant toilets and people living in the toilet are less likely to foul it .
What if I do n’t want to grow my own food or catch my own fish ?
You ’re free not to by purchasing whatever you desire from free markets , but you ’ll also have the pleasure of knowing that regardless of what happens to the economy , you ’ll always have a place to live and a way to acquire the essentials of life without the need to appeal for assistance from others .
What if I do n’t want to live at the equator ?
Nobody is required to do anything .
Although an island will be built and endowed to you , occupancy is not required .
People can stay on land if they want although as the popularity of island life grows , more will measure their riches by the amount of continental land they ’ve deconstructed and placed into conservation .
People may someday be able to hike across the current territory of California and the United States in a wild , pristine condition with the best camping spots reserved for humans and where all large predatory animals are tagged and satellite tracked to control interaction with humans .
Is n’t it hot at the equator ?
Wo n’t we cook down there ?
It can get hot but we wo n’t be hot because we will simply and benignly cool our habitations and other areas with cool subthermocline seawater pumped to the surface that also performs double duty as a source of marine nutrients for sea life at the surface .
What about sharks ?
The architecture of the island beneath the ocean surface is as important as the architecture above .
We will design it to prevent any large dangerous predator from entering the area we use .
What if I do n’t know how to swim ?
Each island will be designed so that we can control and change the depths of the ocean pools within our island habitations .
Will I get seasick ?
Seasickness is motion sickness caused by problems in the inner ear .
The islands will be floating on a non-moving fluid surface .
Each island will be stationary and interlinked in a huge grid of stabilizing transportation tube conduit .
No waves ?
Waves are a wind driven phenomenon .
If we block the wind or cover most of the surface of the ocean where we live with islands to prevent exposure to wind , no waves will be generated .
Will I be able to select whom I live near ?
Yes , and we should also establish variable covenant communities .
Not everyone is the same .
Some like noise some loathe it .
Some are extroverts and some introverts .
We want the best living environment that is reasonably possible and we would like everyone to have access to the type community they most want so that everyone has the opportunity to reveal their best .
How much will it cost ?
Very much but possibly less than you might think .
Also , it will cost less to build this new system than to rebuild the inferior infrastructure we currently use on land as it deteriorates .
I ’ll have better numbers to report once we establish a final design but how much are you willing to spend for the best possible world ?
It must be potentially affordable to every human born on the planet .
The price of a product normally decreases as the quantity manufactured increases .
With a production line of potentially 10 billion islands , I predict a remarkably low price .
Why should the Governor of California lead this project ?
Because the President of the United States on the east coast is preoccupied with a war strategy .
The People of California can ease the burden by proactively leading the peace strategy and hopefully delivering the grand prize of an exit strategy for our soldiers and all soldiers engaged in territorial conflicts .
As if there were any other kind !
If you support my vision and want me to win the election , please forward this website to other California voters .
Thank you .
Email Neil at neil@oceanchinampa.com © 2003
All rights reserved .
Images by Luis Zuzunaga
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
A US - based human rights group criticized Jordan Monday for stripping the citizenship of nearly 3,000 Jordanians of Palestinian origin in recent years .
Nearly half the kingdom's 6 million people are of Palestinian origin and Jordan fears that if Palestinians become the majority , it will disrupt the delicate demographic balance .
Concerned about increasing numbers of Palestinians in the country , Jordan in 2004 began revoking citizenship from Palestinians who do not have the Israeli permits that are necessary to reside in the West Bank .
Human Rights Watch said Jordan stripped about 2,700 Jordanians of Palestinian origin of their citizenship between 2004 and 2008 and urged them to restore their full rights .
The trend continued last year , the group said in a report released in the Jordanian capital , Amman .
The Jordanian measure rendered the Palestinians " stateless , " depriving them of passports , voting rights , education , travel , health care and jobs , said Christoph Wilcke , HRW researcher on Jordan .
" Jordan is playing politics with the basic rights of thousands of its citizens , " said Sarah Leah Whitson , Middle East director at Human Rights Watch .
Jordanian officials denied any wrongdoing .
Wilcke said there is " no part of Jordan 's law that allows the Interior Ministry to withdraw nationality by imposing new conditions , " such as having Israeli - issued residency permits for the West Bank .
Those permits are extremely difficult to obtain , given Israel 's restrictive policies on granting residency rights to Palestinians , Wilcke added .
Jordanian Interior Ministry spokesman Karim Naber claimed that his country did not revoke anyone 's citizenship but " only suspended " giving social security numbers " pending reunification of families " in the West Bank .
Most Palestinians hesitate to take their cases to the courts , fearinglegal steps would only finalize their loss of Jordanian citizenship , Wilcke said .
A few Palestinian Jordanians have had their citizenship reinstated , often with help from the royal court , Wilcke added , but provide nodefinitive figure .
Defending the measure , Jordanian Interior Minister Nayef al - Qadirecently said the government wants Jordanians of Palestinian origin toclarify their status by renewing permits that recognize them as WestBank citizens in order to preserve their Palestinian identity .
Wilcke warned others could be at risk from a similar measure , such as250,000 Jordanians of Palestinian origin expelled by Kuwait during the1991 Gulf War .
If you 're a long - time reader , you may remember the great leftover Easter Peeps microwave experiment .
Well , today we 're going to be nuking leftover Valentine 's Day chocolate to demonstrate one of the constants of physics , the speed of light .
Chocolate makes a very appropriate medium , because the heating property of microwaves was first discovered by a scientist whose candy bar melted in his pocket when he got too close to a microwave device being tested for use in radar .
**
WARNING : This experiment may take several tries to get right .
We are not responsible for any weight gained .
To avoid familial strife , be sure to only do this experiment with your own chocolates or with candy which you have been authorized to access .
You can probably find some leftover boxes on sale this week .
The demonstration works because microwave ovens produce standing waves – waves that move " up " and " down " in place , instead of rolling forward like waves in the ocean .
Microwave radiation falls into the radio section of the electromagnetic spectrum .
Most ovens produce waves with a frequency of 2,450 megahertz ( millions of cycles per second ) .
The oven is designed to be just the right size to cause the microwaves to reflect off the walls so that the peaks and valleys line up perfectly , creating " hot spots " ( actually , lines of heat ) .
What you do with the candy is to find the hot spots and measure the distance between them .
From that information , you can determine the wavelength .
And when you multiply the wavelength by the frequency , you get the speed !
Here 's what you do :
Make sure the candy is in a microwave - proof box .
Better yet , take the chocolate out and put in a microwave safe dish .
Remove the turntable in your oven .
( You want the candy to stay still while you heat it . )
Put an upside - down plate over the turning - thingy , and place your dish of candy on top .
Heat on high about 20 seconds .
Take the chocolate out and look for hot spots .
Depending on the candy you use , you may have to feel the candy to see where it has softened .
With the cherry cordials we used , we saw several shiny spots and one place where the chocolate shell melted through , releasing the sweet syrup inside .
Measure the distance between two adjacent spots .
This should be the distance between the peak and the valley ( crest and trough ) of the wave .
Since the wavelength is the distance between two crests , multiply by 2 .
Finally , multiply that result by the frequency expressed in hertz or 2,450,000,000 ( 2.45 X 109 for my son who is just learning scientific notation ) .
In our trial , we measured a distance of roughly 6 centimeters .
6 x 2 x 2,450,000,000 = 29,400,000,000 centimeters per second , or 294,000,000 meters per second .
This is awfully close to 299,792,458 meters per second , which is the speed of light .
Not bad for some leftover chocolate and a kitchen appliance !
I discovered this experiment at Null Hypothesis , although it can be found all over the Internet , including many versions with fancy charts and animations .
By the way , melted chocolate bars are perfect as ice cream topping .
Just saying .
Kathy Ceceri also blogs at Home Physics .
Since joining oneforty last summer lots of things have gone well , but the mistakes we ’ve made are usually more educational .
The following is an attempt to capture the events that led to a brief site outage and some lessons learned .
A few weeks ago we rolled out an alpha version of our ecommerce platform and the news was covered on a few blogs , including TechCrunch .
At roughly the same time ( it seemed ) there were alerts about the amount of swap space on one or more of our servers .
The alerts would typically flap between a warning and then return to normal levels .
I figured the two events were related and that the alerts were due to increased traffic , but not a serious issue .
Later in the evening as the alerts continued I investigated the situation .
The site is built on Rails , running in Passenger and hosted on Engine Yard ’s EC2 - based cloud service .
Running passenger - memory - stats on our “ application master ” instance showed that there were about twice as many Rails processes as there should be , and there was a discrepancy between what passenger - memory - stats showed ( total rails processes ) and what passenger - status revealed ( those that Passenger is actively using ) .
There was less than 15 MB of free memory and little swap left due to the stale processes .
Not good .
Then I put on the straw that broke the camel ’s back .
While trying to kill one of the stale processes , the machine locked up when it ran out of swap space .
The Engine Yard configuration has the “ app master ” server double as both an application server and the load balancer , through haproxy , to the other application instances .
This means that when that instance became unresponsive , the whole site went down .
So now the clock is ticking ( and I ’m swearing to myself ) .
Engine Yard ’s service noticed within 60 seconds that the app master was unresponsive .
It automatically killed the existing app master instance , promoted one of the other app clones to be the master and created a fresh app instance to replace the clone .
This worked smoothly , except for two issues .
When a new instance is created it is added to the load balancer before our gem installation is run , so there is a window of time when it would throw 500 errors .
The EY flow of specifying required gems is through their web interface , instead of in our application ’s git repository .
This is less than ideal ( and it appears it might change soon ) , and we had n’t yet invested in a better workaround .
Not wanting to wait for the gems to be installed , I terminated the newly booted clone .
Once the new app master was promoted , the site was back alive .
The second problem was that EY does n’t automatically update the memcached config on each app server when an instance is terminated ( also a known issue ) , so we were suffering increased cache misses that made the site very slow .
I fixed the memcached config issue manually and the site was back to full functionality .
Total damage was about 10 of downtime , and another 10 minutes of slow - to - unusable site performance .
Lessons Learned
I ’m a fan of the idea of proportional investment when reacting to problems like this .
The first instinct of most engineers , myself included , is that we need to build a sophisticated monitoring system , remove all single points of failure and have the site failover to redundant systems .
Those are good goals , and maybe you eventually get there , but not until that level of investment is truly called for .
Instead , we ’ve taken the following steps :
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , Iran 's Supreme Leader , used a ceremony to parade the country 's frst domestically built naval destroyer to declare the Islamic Republic could never possess a nuclear weapon because its use is religiously forbidden .
" Recently some Western and US officials have been repeating some outdated and nonsensical comments that Iran is seeking to build nuclear weapons , " said Khamenei .
" Our religious beliefs are against the use of such weapons .
We in no way believe in an atomic weapon and do not seek one . "
Forest Hill Escorts
Priya
Belle
Maxi
Elissa
Rubi
In a strange way , Forest Hill offers some of the best of London , while in another way it offers very little .
Much as its name would suggest , Forest Hill is situated mainly upon a hill , and from this hill the sights of distant London are available .
Famous buildings and skyscrapers rise up from the mass of city that stretches on for miles .
From the highest point in Forest Hill , one could experience the entire city without taking a footstep .
For those who would not agree that to witness the skyline of a city is to experience it , Forest Hill has some appealing local attractions .
There is the Horniman Museum , including an aquarium and taxidermy collection , there is the Hob Public House , which has seen many famous comedians and bands grace its stage in previous years .
And of course , there are the escorts Forest Hill offers .
Forest
Hill escorts are reputable girls , well known and loved by the residents of the area for their staggering good looks , charm , and engaging personalities .
Forest
Hill might offer a good view of London , but that view pales in comparison to the view of a Forest Hill escort .
These girls are adept in their methods of pleasing their clients .
Many residents of the area love nothing more than to spend the night indoors getting to know their escort intimately , while others will hire one of the escorts in Forest Hill to accompany them deeper into the city that the view from the hill promises .
Whatever the client ’s preference , he can rest assured that no matter what activity he decides to pursue , an escort Forest Hill promises will surpass all his expectations and leave him totally satisfied with her services .
The reputation of these Forest Hill escorts is growing with each satisfied client , and many are venturing from all over the city to see if their reputation is justified .
And because these gorgeous girls have yet to have an unsatisfied client , all who come wanting to put to the test their reputation always leave convinced of the exceptional ability of these girls to offer exquisite services .
A film illustrating the devastating impact that tar sands developments in Alberta , Canada are having on the environment and native First Nation communities
It is finished .
Our biological family that is .
To clear things up a bit , I have no issues with some day , down the road , eventually , expanding our family .
But it will not be through me .
I am done being pregnant , for a number of reasons , reasons I may detail later .
I have done my contribution to society .
There are plenty of children out there that need homes , if we want more , they are there .
I ’m not sure how to go about detailing things , I ’m feeling very uninspired , which is tragic really .
You have no idea how much begging and pleading went into making this post a reality .
And here I sit at a loss for words .
I think I ’ll start with the doctor .
Neil found himself a hippie doctor .
Dr. Stein , a man after my own heart .
He is a full - blown urologist who has decided to do only vasectomies .
Why you ask ?
He feels it ’s his greatest contribution to the environment .
He ’s saving the world from overpopulation through stopping as many unwanted pregnancies as he can , before they start .
I ’m not concerned about overpopulation myself , but the man ’s got a cause .
You gotta respect that .
He ’s a highly successful doctor that drives a 20 - year - old car because it still works and he does n’t want to add it to a landfill .
There was an article written about him , you can find it here .
It ’s very interesting , and made me like the guy even more .
I ’m do n’t know what I expected going into this appointment , but watching the guys walk out afterwards surprised me .
They all just sauntered out like nothing had happened .
I guess I was expecting there to be SOME noticeable change … a slow walk , a slight limp , the way I walked after giving birth to our 9 lbs first - born .
I got the sense the other guys in the waiting room were reassured by that walk .
It was also interesting to note the amount of happy women in this waiting room .
The women were positively glowing , and I can completely understand .
After years of carrying the burden of birth control and always having that nagging worry in the back of your head to have your guy step up and take the responsibility out of your hands is one of the most wonderful feelings in the world .
I was most definitely one of those elated women in the waiting room .
There ’s a very large soapbox I could jump on right now about men and the stigma about this procedure , about guys that want to push major surgery on their women .
But I ’m trying very hard to stay off that soapbox .
So for tonight I ’ll leave you with this .
I ’m very glad I married a real man .
Conan Who ?
NBC Disappears “ The Tonight Show ” From the Web .
Remember the whole Conan O’Brien / Jay Leno imbroglio from last month ?
Perhaps NBC wishes you did n’t .
The GE ( GE ) unit has removed every episode of the show ’s seven - month run from its NBC.com site , as well as Hulu , the site NBC owns with News Corp . ’s ( NWS ) Fox and Disney ’s ( DIS ) ABC .
A little odd , given that a couple of days ago , the network was offering every single “ Tonight Show ” episode O’Brien had taped on NBC.com .
But then again , everything about this story has been odd .
NBC declined to comment .
NBC –at least , I ’m assuming it ’s NBC –has also been aggressive about taking down Conan episodes from Google ’s ( GOOG ) YouTube .
So here ’s a legally sanctioned clip from CBS ( CBS ) employee David Letterman discussing the whole affair :
A minor UPDATE : A sharp - eyed commenter at Gawker notes that NBC has n’t completely excised O’Brien from its site yet .
It is still running a blog for the “ Horny Manatee ” , a long - running bit on the show .
Note , in screenshot below , the reference to the now - defunct nbc.com / conan , the “ official online home of all things Conan ” ( click image to enlarge ) :
Less surprising is news that O’Brien ’s image has been scrubbed , Soviet - style , from NBC ’s 30 Rock headquarters .
As you may have noticed , the other day we shut down comments on the site .
Things had gotten a little out of hand and the complaint emails we were getting from readers were stacking up , so we decided to take some Engadget time to do a little cleaning up while reflecting on how we can do a better job moving forward .
In case you 're wondering : yes , we 've flipped the switch back into the " on " position -- but there are some noteworthy items we 'd like to point out .
To start with , Justin and Dan ( our devs ) made a minor improvement to the frontend of our comment system , andif you do n't want to deal with them .
This is cookie based , so it should last for all your sessions on the site .
Additionally , we 've enabled a few backend tools which will help us moderate a little more effectively and efficiently , thus helping to keep comments clean and comfortable for everyone who wants to join in the discussion -- not just the loudest of the bunch .
Furthermore , we recognize that our comment system is n't perfect , and we 're working with our developers right now to dramatically change things .
We can promise you guys that we spend ( and will spend ) a lot of time thinking about how to make this a better community , and make the commenting experience more enjoyable and useful to everyone .
You have our word that we 're listening to you , and there will be noticeable changes for the better in the near future .
And guys ( and girls ) : definitely provide feedback on this post or via our contact email addresses .
We want to hear what you have to say !
Since we 've gotten the ball rolling again , we want to make sure everyone is aware of just what we expect of our community here , so we 're going to lay down our ground rules ( most of which have been culled from our FAQ ) .
Here we go :
The Engadget comments section is a place for our readers to engage in discussion about the posts -- it 's really that simple .
We encourage that discussion , and we 'll be the first to admit that lots of times our readers offer insights that lead us to update our posts , or direct us to entirely new angles and stories .
We love that , and we love our readers .
We seriously do .
Some basic ideas on commenting here .
We think that comments should always be on topic .
We encourage and welcome debate , even if it 's fervent , because we know how much you care about this stuff -- we care about it , too !
However , your comments should be reasonably polite and wherever possible , lighthearted .
Making personal attacks against other commenters , publications , or our own editors seriously degrades the community and quality of the discussion , and it wo n't be tolerated .
While we 're fine with disagreements , we 're not that crazy about being the battleground for epic fanboy wars .
We want you to debate , but when that debate devolves into name calling and / or cyclical fanaticism ( especially when you 've moved way off topic ) , it 's not a good use of anyone 's brainpower .
Also , if you 've come to Engadget for the express purpose of whipping people into a frenzy ( or whipping yourself into a frenzy ) , do n't expect to stick around very long .
It 's easy to spot the folks who want to have a healthy debate and the folks who just want to troll .
On that note , we encourage our readers and commenters to reach out to us personally and report other commenters who seem to be acting inhuman ... or inhumane .
Together , we believe we can improve the quality of comments on the site .
We are aware of the fact that any system like ours can be gamed -- and we 're aware of the fact that people actually do things like make multiple profiles and argue with themselves simply to cause problems .
Just be aware we 'll delete and ban you for that , too !
There are many reasons your comment might be deleted , but here are some of the most common ones .
Spamming of any type , be it human or robot - generated , is always deleted .
If you 're trying to sell something in comments , you 're a spammer .
Trolling is also unacceptable -- we recognize that a lot of you trolls do n't even realize that you 're trolls , but believe us -- you are .
We 'll delete your comments if we feel they 're disruptive or annoying .
We also delete comments that are racist , sexist , overly obscene , or offensive in any way .
We delete comments which are personal attacks -- whether directed at an editor or another commenter .
Finally , we reserve the right to delete any comment at our discretion ( please see below ) .
If you create a history of trolling or other offensive behavior , we 'll just ban your account .
That means that your username , email , and potentially IP address will be barred from our system , and you 'll no longer be able to comment .
No .
Engadget , along with its partner Weblogs , Inc. and parent company AOL allow comments in order to further the discussion , engage our readers , and to let interested parties have a good time ( and maybe learn something ) !
Engadget 's commenting sections are NOT open forums where you can say whatever you please , and commenting on Engadget is not a right of law passed down to you in the Constitution .
Engadget is a news site and a business .
The editorial staff does not delete comments without good reason , but deletions are always at the discretion of the editors .
There are thousands of active commenters on Engadget , and we try to keep the comment sections a fun , engaging experience for all of its readers .
Well first off , because he / she is an editor .
That does n't make them better than a regular commenter , but it does mean that when they have something to say , we feel it 's important that all readers can see it , whether they like it or not !
Well , as already mentioned , you can downrank it .
Furthermore , there 's a " report " button above the ranking icons on all comments which will alert our staff that the comment has been flagged .
We do look at reported comments , and delete where we deem appropriate .
Keep in mind , however , that we know who is reporting what comments , so think before you report -- you do n't want to be on our watchlist for reporting a comment for no reason at all , because that does n't help anybody , does it ?
Finally , we realize that we 're ultimately responsible for the tone of comments here , and moving forward , we 're going to be more vigilant about watching out for problems .
We love Engadget , and we take full responsibility for its quality .
We also love our readers , and want to make it a safe , enjoyable place for all who wish to participate .
Now say something hilarious !
Scientists have proved that happiness lies within .
What leads to greater happiness , winning the Lotto or becoming a Paraplegic ?
Actually , after a year , lotto winners and paraplegics are equally happy with their lives .
This is according to Harvard Psychologist , Dan Gilbert who cites data on happiness and is author of the book Stumbling on Happiness .
You have a built - in experience simulator that creates happiness
Homo Sapiens possess a Frontal lobe or Prefrontal Cortex .
The amazing thing about this is it is an experience simulator .
Human Sapiens can simulate experience before it happens .
This is something that neither ancient man / woman ( Homo Habilis ( 2,000,000 years B.C ) or animals could do .
The Prefrontal Cortex was n’t developed yet .
Major life traumas have no impact on your happiness
Gilbert found in his labs that our experience simulator does n’t always work as well as it should .
He calls this phenomenon , Impact Bias .
The experience simulator tends to cause us to believe that different outcomes are more different than they really are .
Things like winning or losing , gaining or losing a romantic partner , money and so on , have far less impact , intensity and duration than people expect them to have .
Gilbert cites a recent study of how major life traumas affect people suggest that , if it happened over three months ago , with only a few exceptions , it has no impact whatsoever on your happiness .
Happiness can be synthesized
Why is this so ?
It is because happiness can be synthesized .
The problem is that while you have the ability to synthesize happiness , you believe that happiness is something to be found .
You have the belief that synthetic happiness is not of the same quality as what Gilbert calls natural happiness .
Natural happiness is when we get when we get what we wanted .
Synthetic happiness is what you make when you do n’t get what you wanted .
Particularly in Western Society we have a strong belief that synthetic happiness is inferior to natural happiness .
Gilbert says that one of the reasons for this is that our whole economic engine is built on the principle that you must get what you want to be happy , that a shopping mall full of Zen monks is n’t going to be profitable because they do n’t want stuff .
Synthetic happiness is every bit as real as natural happiness
In the video below , Gilbert goes on to prove scientifically that what he calls synthetic happiness is every bit as real and enduring as the kind of happiness you stumble upon when you get exactly what you are aiming for .
It is a very interesting experiment .
From a Spiritual or Metaphysical viewpoint , I would go beyond what Gilbert shows in his talk , that what he calls synthetic happiness is actually true happiness as it is not dependent on what happens to us in our lives .
What Gilbert calls natural happiness is fleeting as when we do n’t get what we want , or lose what we had , we are unhappy .
It is a powerless type of happiness because we are 100 % dependent on our external world .
Science proves happiness lies within
What is fascinating about Gilbert ’s video is that it scientifically proves the old adage that true happiness lies within .
Quoting Og Mandino :
“ Realize that true happiness lies within you .
Waste no time and effort searching for peace and contentment and joy in the world outside .
Remember that there is no happiness in having or in getting , but only in giving .
Reach out .
Share .
Smile .
Hug .
Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself . ”
Our brain is designed to create happiness
Our ability to create happiness has a physical counterpart in our brain , the frontal lobe or prefrontal cortex .
Knowing this , we can no longer blame people , events or situations outside of us for making us unhappy because our brain is designed to create happiness .
Only we can make ourselves happy by using the brain faculties we all possess .
Now , granted , this amazing tool called the frontal lobe does n’t always work as well as it should .
Due to emotional wounding , beliefs and other things we have stuffed in our subconscious it can run amuck manufacturing experiences in our inner world that make us unhappy instead of happy .
But that is what healing and growth is for .
We heal our emotional wounding , clean out old beliefs that no longer serve us and bring our subconscious conscious so that our frontal lobe is restored to the well running machine it was meant to be .
Now you know that you have everything you need to be happy inside of you .
Unless you are a Homo Habilis , and do n’t have a Pre Frontal Cortex , you have everything you need to be happy right inside your brain .
All you need are the tools to return it to a fine running machine .
Here is the video :
What are your experiences with ‘ Synthetic Happiness ’ ?
Would you like more free videos ?
Go to The Golden Flow
This article is from the archive of our partner .
" This is going to come as quite a shock to people up here that I can write a book , much less read one ... I have no desire to see myself on television .
I do n't want to be a panel of formers instructing the currents on what to do ... I 'm trying to regain a sense of anonymity . "
-- George W. Bush , speaking about his upcoming memoir and other subjects at a breakfast reunion of Bush ex-staffers .
( As reported by Mike Allen of Politico . )
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Clarence Thomas is suddenly upset that people have the audacity to criticize the Supreme Court .
As long as conservatives attack the bench it 's quite alright , but Clarice can't handle it critiques when they come from the left .
Questioning the Supreme Court and other government branches needs to stay within the range of fair criticism or " run the risk in our society of undermining institutions that we need to preserve our liberties , " Justice Clarence Thomas said Thursday .
Thomas also told an audience at the University of Florida law school that some comments he hears about the court " border on being irresponsible . "
He did n't speak specifically about the court 's recent decision on campaign financing or mention President Barack Obama .
But Thomas ' comments come a week after Obama took the rare step of openly criticizing the decision during his State of the Union speech .
Thomas supported the 5 - 4 ruling that allows companies and unions to spend freely on ads that promote or target candidates by name .
Thomas said the court should be questioned but is bothered by some rhetoric with " the idea of assigning ulterior motives to opinions that people do n't agree with , rather than saying simply that the court does n't agree with my argument . "
The spotlight on sudden - acceleration defects of Toyota vehicles has opened a window on lax enforcement by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and the serious problems caused by deregulation over the last several decades .
As the fatality and injury toll climbs -- and Toyota sales plummet -- it ’s time to ask why the sleepy Washington safety sentinels at the Department of Transportation are n’t doing the job the people expect of them .
Part of the problem is the deregulatory mania that has gripped Washington since the Ronald Reagan years .
Since the Reagan administration , NHTSA has been severely cut back .
Its budget has been nearly halved ( when adjusted for inflation ) , which has left it with a far smaller technical staff .
Former NHTSA
Administrator Joan Claybrook has testified to the need for an immediate budget increase of $ 100 million just to assure that NHTSA has the technical personnel and capability to meet its obligations in the areas of safety standards , defect recall , enforcement and research .
Advertisement
At a time when about 40,000 Americans die in cars each year and hundreds of thousands more are injured , NHTSA ’s motor vehicle safety budget is a mere $ 140 million .
By comparison , taxpayers will pay more than four times as much -- about $ 675 million -- to guard the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad .
A better - funded agency , empowered to assume a more aggressive watchdog role , might have responded far more quickly to the troubles at Toyota .
Toyota introduced electronic throttle controls in 2002 on certain Camry and Lexus models , and since that time consumer complaints to NHTSA about sudden acceleration have quadrupled for these models .
But in response to formal defect petitions , NHTSA opened and closed several investigations without action .
To this day , the agency has not issued testing protocols by which to judge Toyota ’s performance , nor has it proposed safety standards for electronic throttles or brake overrides .
Not until January did NHTSA even demand that the automaker supply the technical information it needs to conduct a comprehensive analysis .
Given the lax regulation , it is not surprising that Toyota responded to the 7 - year - old sudden - acceleration problem by first blaming driver error , then by claiming floor mat interference , then by admitting that many of the 2.3 million recalled Toyotas in the United States had a gas pedal prone to sticking .
But for the fact that an August 2009 San Diego crash was caught on a 911 tape , there probably would never have been a recall .
Advertisement
That crash -- which killed an off - duty California Highway Patrol officer and his three passengers -- would have been , like so many others , attributed to driver error and swept under the carpet .
The decrease in oversight comes at a time when the engineering of vehicles is becoming ever more complex .
Today , NHTSA still has not a single expert in electronic automotive systems , yet drivers are increasingly losing control of their cars to these systems .
Today ’s cars have been described as computers on wheels .
Many microprocessors serve numerous functions , including acceleration performance .
Their rapidly burgeoning complexities year after year are not under rigorous public regulatory standards .
And auto companies closely guard these technological trade secrets .
This situation impedes open technical conferences to discuss safety problems and the best available remedies and research needs .
Advertisement
The cloistered industry mentality is increasingly being viewed by motorists , in the wake of the Toyota scandal , as scary arrogance that must end .
Sudden acceleration is an old problem with auto companies .
General Motors was required by an earlier , more vibrant NHTSA to recall 6.7 million cars in 1971 because of defective engine mounts .
Toyota had to recall vehicles for sudden acceleration in 1986 .
Other car companies had sticking throttle defects .
Rebuilding NHTSA to a level of technical and regulatory capability is also essential for motorists ’ safety on the highways .
Yet President Obama actually recommended cutting NHTSA ’s motor vehicle safety budget next year by $ 8 million .
He needs to do an about - face and instead call for strengthening this essential agency with both resources and political support for its mission .
We need new standards , enforced with a threat of criminal penalties .
And we need an agency capable of conducting crucial research and testing .
Advertisement
Historically , when the United States has upgraded vehicle safety , other nations followed .
When the U.S. deregulates , other nations often snooze as well .
Preventable road casualties spread .
Product liability lawsuits increase to force evidence and compensation out of the auto companies for the benefit of the victims or the next of kin .
Toyota needs to settle its top management transition , gain control of its once - fabled quality control , review its entire electronic engine systems and jettison its culture of secrecy and manipulation of public safety agencies .
Other auto companies , similarly steeped in a deepening electronic programming of vehicles , must also take notice of Toyota ’s problems .
In that way , perhaps they can prevent problems before they arise .
In 1965 - 66 , when I was working to pass the legislation that established NHTSA , it was clear that permanent vigilance by the motoring public would be needed to counteract the forthcoming surge of industry lobbyists on the backs of the agency and Congress .
Advertisement
NHTSA ’s actions in its early years served to save lives and prevent injuries .
Cars are much safer today .
The fatality toll per 100 million vehicle miles is only one - quarter of what it was in 1965 .
But technological failures still occur .
When motorists experience them , they should call NHTSA ’s toll - free number , 888-327-4236 .
They should post complaints at the Center for Auto Safety ’s website , autosafety.org .
And they should let their elected officials know that safety must be a priority .
Ralph Nader , the consumer activist , first brought attention to car safety in the U.S. in his seminal 1965 book , “ Unsafe at Any Speed . ”
Privacy advocacy group Electronic Privacy Information Center ( EPIC ) has filed a Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) request with the National Security Agency ( NSA ) asking for details on the agency 's purported partnership with Google Inc. on cybersecurity issues .
In a separate action that was also taken today , EPIC filed a lawsuit against the NSA and the National Security Council , seeking more information on the NSA 's authority over the security of U.S. computer networks .
EPIC 's FOIA request relating to Google was filed after a story in the Washington Post about an impending partnership between Google and the NSA on cybersecurity issues .
The Post reported that the NSA and Google are in the process of finalizing an agreement under which the NSA will help Google better defend itself against cyberattacks .
The report said Google approached the NSA shortly after the recent cyberattacks , which it said originated in China .
The deal does not involve the NSA gaining access to Google users ' search information or e-mail accounts , and neither will Google be sharing any proprietary data , the Post said , quoting anonymous sources .
Neither Google nor the NSA confirmed the reporting about the partnership .
But the Post quoted an NSA spokeswoman as saying the agency , as part of its " information assurance mission , " has been working with a broad range of commercial partners and research associates .
News of the purported agreement is already stirring up a storm in the privacy community .
In its FOIA request today , EPIC asked the NSA for all records concerning any agreement between Google and NSA whether in draft or final form .
EPIC also asked the NSA for any communications the agency might have had with Google on the issue of Google 's not encrypting Gmail messages prior to the cyberattacks from China but then deciding to implement encryption immediately after the attacks .
" There is particular urgency for the public to obtain information about the relationship between the NSA and Google , " EPIC said in its FOIA request .
" As of 2009 , Gmail had roughly 146 million monthly users , all of whom would be affected by any relationship between the NSA and Google . "
However , James Lewis , director and senior fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies ( CSIS ) , cautioned against overstating the privacy concerns .
Without all the details , it 's hard to know what information exactly Google will share with the NSA , he said .
And he said it 's highly unlikely that Google will share personal data with the NSA .
All it wants is for the NSA to look at its networks and help them figure out how to protect it against similar attacks , he said .
" It has nothing to do with intelligence .
That point appears to have been missed , " Lewis said .
Meanwhile , EPIC 's lawsuit against NSA was filed today in U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia .
It seeks the court 's intervention in getting the NSA to divulge details on the authority it has been granted on domestic cybersecurity matters under National Security Presidential Directive 54 ( NPSD54 ) .
The classified directive , which is also known as Homeland Security Presidential Directive 21 , was issued during the Bush Administration .
The directive was used to set up a highly classified , multi-billion dollar cybersecurity program called the Comprehensive National Cybersecurity Initiative ( CNCI ) , which is designed to bolster the ability of federal networks to detect and respond to cyber - intrusions .
Lawmakers , industry executives and privacy advocacy groups including EPIC have urged the government to release more information on CNCI and the NSA 's role .
EPIC has previously filed FOIA requests with the NSA asking for the information .
Its lawsuit stems from what EPIC claims has been the NSA 's failure to comply with statutory deadlines for providing the information .
Jaikumar Vijayan covers data security and privacy issues , financial services security and e-voting for Computerworld .
Follow Jaikumar on Twitter at @jaivijayan or subscribe to Jaikumar 's RSS feed .
His e-mail address is jvijayan@computerworld.com .
GET YOUR MITTS ON ROBOTS
I hardly ever do shows anymore , but I will be part of the amazing shenanigans happening this Saturday , June 7th at Shall We Knit ?
In lovely Uptown Waterloo : I ’ll be selling some of my original robots , along with a BRAND .
NEW .
ROBOT .
That ’s right , I actually bellied up to my sewing machine and made a new robot .
May I introduce to you , SUPER SHEEP : I may also have some black super sheep for the rebels in your family .
Hope to see you there !
June 04 2014 | Uncategorized | No Comments »
How is babby formed ?
Also a sale !
So here ’s a little infographic about what ’s happening and about to happen to me * : HOW DOES BABBY BORN ?
I ’m currently on step one , but step two and three are coming soon .
Kinda like a hurricane of poop , vomit , and lack of sleep approaching over the horizon .
I am shortly expecting to give birth to twins , so as you can probably imagine , I wo n’t have much time for anything besides catering to tiny demanding overlords and curling in a corner to cry .
This means I wo n’t be able to fill any orders close to the holidays ; and my shop will be on hiatus for awhile ; at least a few months but maybe longer depending on how illusive my sanity proves to be .
So I ’m having a sale on all in - stock items !
Plan ahead for the holidays , or just stock up before they ’re gone for a long time !
HUGE SALE ON NOW : 35 % off with the code THEYRECOMING ( until November 28th or I give birth , whichever is first ) * this infographic is purely and completely from the mind of the fabulous AnnieBeeKnits .
Her concept , loves .
October 01 2013 | Uncategorized | 1 Comment »
The Sale keeps going !
I am still running that HUGE , GINORMOUS , take 40 % off with the code HECKYEAH at my Etsy Shop sale .
But it ’s coming to an end .
The sale will end APRIL 26th .
I know it feels like forever away , but it ’s not .
It ’s really really not .
It ’ll be here before you know it .
March 27 2013 | Uncategorized | No Comments »
Day 365 – Darcy Bot Guys , guys .
Have you been watching The Lizzie Bennet Diaries ?
BECAUSE I HAVE AND I HAVE SO MANY FEELS ABOUT IT .
Darcy :
He ’s like a robot with buggy programming for social interaction .
It is so fitting that this bot is number 365 .
Not only because it ’s Valentines Day , and I ca n’t think of a better story than Pride and Prejudice ( except if it happened in space .
Everything is more awesome in space ) .
But also because there is so much about this bot that I just feel is the culmination of Things That Make Me Happy .
Robot ?
check .
Austen ?
check .
Aloof and standoffish dude ?
check .
Bowtie ?
check and check !
Hat that a robot has no business wearing ?
DOUBLE CHECK .
Of course this bot will absolutely not mean anything if you have n’t been watching the LBD .
But do you know how happy it makes me to make a newsie cap for a robot ?
YES I DID JUST SAY THAT ON THE INTERNET .
ETA : I have not forgotten about Costume Theatre bots .
It will happen !
February 14 2013 | Uncategorized | 6 Comments »
Valentimes !
Got someone to impress ?
Want to let them know you like them without making the commitment of using the L - word ?
Then I have something for you !
Just print this , attach it to a really nice gift ( or maybe something crappy if you do n’t like them that much ) and profit !
Looking for something a little different ?
You could try the Robot a Day Valentines from 2009 ( long enough ago that they ’ll never remember you already used them ! )
February 10 2013 | Uncategorized | No Comments »
Day 364 – Mammoth Bot Another CRAFT CORNER DEATH MATCH has been called !
THE THEME : Cavemen
Since I ’ve already made a caveman bot , I thought I ’d branch out and make a bot based on a caveman ’s version of Snuffleupagus : The Wooly Mammoth .
Litle known fact : Mr. Snuffleupagus ’ first name is Aloysius .
I can only assume that Suffleupagi are very long lived creatures , since I do n’t think anyone has names their child that particular name since 1879 .
Litle known fact : Mr. Snuffleupagus ’ first name is Aloysius .
I can only assume that Suffleupagi are very long lived creatures , since I do n’t think anyone has names their child that particular name since 1879 .
To see all the entries go to Craft Corner Death Match !
January 28 2013 | Uncategorized | 2 Comments »
Next »
Reports of a movie based on Ubisoft 's The Division have been swirling for a few months now , but today the French developer / publisher made it official :
The Division is coming to a theater near you soon .
If you 're a fan of video game - to - film adaptations , you 'll likely recognize one of the actors attached to the project , Jake Gyllenhaal .
He played Dastan in 2010 's Prince of Persia : The Sands of Time - which , while also based on a Ubisoft property , was actually produced and distributed by Disney .
Starring alongside Gyllenhaal will be Jessica Chastain , who recently starred in Interstellar as the adult version of Murph , as well as Melissa Lewis in The Martian .
Ubisoft 's motion pictures division will produce the film , which currently lacks a release window .
The production company 's first theatrical film , Assassin 's Creed ( starring Michael Fassbender ) , is set to debut on December 21 , 2016 .
Seen something newsworthy ?
Tell us !
An " aggressive " species of dengue - carrying mosquito has been found in Queensland , with concerns it could bring the disease to southern parts of the state .
Larvae of the Asian tiger mosquito , Aedes albopictus , was discovered in the tiny Cape York town of New Mapoon this week .
Health authorities say it has the ability to carry dengue , a blood - borne virus that can be fatal in some cases .
The mosquito can also transmit yellow fever .
Queensland 's Chief Health Officer Jeannette
Young said more concerning was its ability to survive in cooler climates and the potential for it to establish itself in the state 's south - east , including Brisbane .
-----------------------------
Worst dengue outbreak in 50 years
1000 people struck down by virus
' Tip rats ' spread dedly mosquito disease
Dengue kills Cairns woman
-----------------------------
“ Call them what you want – crippling or paralysing – we are not got going to work on sanctions or measures which could lead to the political or economic or financial isolation of this country , ” Mr Rozhkov said .
( CNN ) -- Toyota announced a voluntary safety recall of about 8,000 four - wheel - drive Tacoma trucks in North America , citing potential production defects in the front drive shaft of certain 2010 models .
The automaker said Friday that the front shaft in a small production run of pickups may include a component that developed cracks during the manufacturing process .
As the vehicles are used , the cracks could lead to " the separation of the drive shaft at the joint portion . "
Toyota said the safety inspection and replacement will be performed at no cost .
On Tuesday , Toyota President Akio Toyoda issued an apology with the announcement of a global recall of more than 400,000 hybrid models for 2010 , including the widely popular Prius , because of braking problems .
" Quality is our lifeline for Toyota , " and the company will work to recover its customers ' trust , Toyoda said .
The company has recalled about 8 million vehicles worldwide .
Experts say Toyota has lost control of its message and needs to try to get it back during Washington hearings .
Toyoda will testify before U.S. congressional committees if required , Japan 's Kyodo News Agency reported .
The House of Representatives has scheduled committee hearings this month , and Senate hearings are scheduled to begin on March 2 .
So far , only Yoshimi Inaba , president of Toyota Motor North America , has been invited to testify , according to Kyodo .
I adopted Jack from the SPCA in Buffalo , NY .
I new it was meant to be the second I saw him .
Jack is 6 month old puggle , which is a beagle pug mix .
He has an underbite that will melt your heart and loves to play outside at the dog park and cuddle up for weekend naps .
He does this in quite a stealthy manner as can bee seen in his editorial for the NYT today which is nothing more than a wishful screed which tries to box in Pres .
Obama while ignoring the mounting problem of Republican and conservative obstructionism .
The stimulus package , the cap - and - trade legislation and the health care bill were all blends of expert planning and political power - broking .
This project would have permanently changed government ’s role in national life .
It was not to be .
Voters are in no mood for a wave of domestic transformation .
This is a linguistic trick used by many pundits and politicians of every stripe .
However , the right - wing has been using it as their main communicative form for decades , and have only increased its use exponentially in the last decade .
A statement with zero facts and simple but hollow claims .
Here , Brooks offers nothing to back up his claim for " Voters are in no mood for a wave of domestic transformation " , and thinks stating such makes it fact .
Yet , nothing could be further from the truth if we take in to account the most empirical evidence of voters desire for transformation , the 2008 national elections , in which the public voted in droves for a positive and clearly stated overhaul toward domestic policy changes .
This was even admitted by Brooks earlier in the same piece :
There were actually two elements to the Obama campaign .
First , he promised a less partisan government .
Second , he promised a more activist government .
His latter point is negated by his former , yet Brooks seems tone deaf not just to the obvious populist sentiment for an overhaul , but to his own admission that this is exactly what the electorate therefore desired by electing Obama .
Any claim that in writing an editorial and as such he is not constrained to the same journalistic standards is a fallacy .
He can state his opinion as much as he wants , but as soon as he claims to know factually the will of people with no proof to back him up , he has overstepped his editorial purview and is therefore subject to far stricter journalistic ethic .
The economy is already introducing enough insecurity into their lives .
Unlike 1932 and 1965 , Americans do not trust Washington to take them on a leap of faith , especially if it means more spending .
Here Brooks , as is the norm in conservative punditry , states something that is incorrect on it face .
The spending enacted by the government in the stimulus plan is not just working , but even Republicans knew it would and are know claiming credit for it .
If such a policy was falling on its face , you know damn well NO Republicans would be touting it .
Brooks again misses the mark by a wide margin .
Continuing :
The country has reacted harshly to the course the administration ended up embracing .
Unless Brooks has only had his attention gazing on the Tea Party movement , he must know something no one else does .
Certainly when asked generally about the stimulus public opinion has gone down , there is broad support for of its functions .
In other words , implementation is being questioned , not the overall policy behind the stimulus as Brooks would have you believe .
The country has reacted harshly to the course the administration ended up embracing .
Obama is still admired personally , but every major proposal — from the stimulus to health care — is quite unpopular .
One wonders whether Brooks here is not simply delusional , but engaging in a bit of sophistry for his own ends .
I know , but still I like to soften the blow to Mr. Brooks ' ego sometimes .
An ABC poll this week shows he is off target and again in his own red- faced populist world with Palin and cohorts , regardless of facts .
A new poll taken by The Washington Post and ABC News shows voters want comprehensive health care reform passed
From here Brooks goes on to indulge in the fantasy that somehow the inability to get legislation passed or a shift in policy is down solely to the administration and its handling of the process .
While I am certainly not happy with Obama in many ways , Brooks like almost every commentator this side of Keith Olbermann maintains the meme that Obama ( and therefore the Dems ) are singularly to blame .
But this is churlish at best .
When a party says " NO " to every single proposal , even ones with the specific requirements the Republicans want in the bill , they still continue to obstruct , waffle and show little remorse for their blatant hypocrisy .
It continues :
Second , he could propose some incremental changes in a range of areas and prove Washington can at least take small steps .
Senator Lamar
Alexander has been arguing that , given the climate of distrust , this is not a good period to push big , comprehensive reforms .
He ’s right .
Who gives damn what Lamar Alexander thinks ?
Until his party shows any semblance of willingness to be honest and open to rational discussion , he can take a running jump like the rest of the mindless GOP robots .
You 're in the minority , you do n't get to set the bloody rules .
Third , Obama could serve as a one - man model for bipartisan behavior .
Right now , the Republicans have no political incentive to deal on anything .
But the president could at least exemplify the kind of behavior voters want to see in their leaders .
For example , he could take several of the Republican health care reform ideas — like malpractice reform and lifting the regulatory barriers on state - based experimentation — and proactively embrace them as part of a genuine compromise offer .
See above .
Brooks may now be venturing in to " fucking moron " land here .
Yes David , it 's Obama who needs to show bipartisanship .
Missing our meds daily now are we ?
Nothing new perhaps , but I feel the need to hold these fucker 's feet to the fire whenever I can find time .
Especially someone like Brooks who starts with soft , conciliatory language before then stridently pushing his right - wing agenda .
Also at Right Hypocrisy
The world 's housing markets are mostly in recovery .
And Australia just missed out on a spot on last year 's winners ' podium , with its 11.2 per cent annual price growth ranked fourth - best in the world , says the Global Property Guide 's latest survey .
Australia 's December quarter growth was 4.63 per cent , which more than recovered its 4.08 per cent downturn for all of 2008 .
During the December quarter , house prices rose in 23 countries , of the 34 countries for which quarterly statistics are available .
They fell in 11 countries .
The annual data had 16 countries experiencing price increases , with 18 countries recording declines last year .
Seven countries , led by Israel , have recorded two years of positive growth .
Ten countries have recorded two negative years .
The biggest price decline took place in Latvia , down 50.2 per cent last year , after a fall of 36.9 per cent in 2008 .
Latvia 's house prices started falling in 2007 following government efforts to tame inflation and discourage property speculation .
Latvia had been among the fastest growing countries in Europe , with house prices typically tripling between 2004 to 2007 , says the guide 's publisher , Matthew Montagu - Pollock .
Your facial expression may tell the world what you are thinking or feeling .
But it also affects your ability to understand written language related to emotions , according to research that was presented today ( Jan. 29 ) to the Society for Personal and Social Psychology in Las Vegas and that will be published in the journal Psychological Science .
The new study reported on 40 people who were treated with botulinum toxin , or Botox .
Tiny applications of this powerful nerve poison were used to deactivate muscles in the forehead that cause frowning .
The interactions of facial expression , thoughts and emotions has intrigued scientists for more than a century , says the study ’s first author , University of Wisconsin–Madison psychology Ph.D. candidate David Havas .
Scientists have found that blocking the ability to move the body causes changes in cognition and emotion , but there were always questions .
( One of the test treatments caused widespread , if temporary , paralysis . )
In contrast , Havas was studying people after a pinpoint treatment to paralyze a single pair of “ corrugator ” muscles , which cause brow - wrinkling frowns .
To test how blocking a frown might affect comprehension of language related to emotions , Havas asked the patients to read written statements , before and then two weeks after the Botox treatment .
The statements were angry ( “ The pushy telemarketer wo n’t let you return to your dinner ” ) , sad ( “ You open your e-mail in - box on your birthday to find no new e-mails ” ) or happy ( “ The water park is refreshing on the hot summer day . ” ) .
Havas gauged the ability to understand these sentences according to how quickly the subject pressed a button to indicate they had finished reading it .
“ We periodically checked that the readers were understanding the sentences , not just pressing the button , ” says Havas .
The results showed no change in the time needed to understand the happy sentences .
But after Botox treatment , the subjects took more time to read the angry and sad sentences .
Although the time difference was small , it was significant , he adds .
Moreover , the changes in reading time could n’t be attributed to changes in participants ’ mood .
The use of Botox to test how making facial expressions affect emotional centers in the brain was pioneered by Andreas Hennenlotter of the Max Planck Institute in Leipzig , Germany .
“ There is a long - standing idea in psychology called the facial feedback hypothesis , ” says Havas .
“ Essentially , it says , when you ’re smiling , the whole world smiles with you .
It ’s an old song , but it ’s right .
Actually , this study suggests the opposite :
When you ’re not frowning , the world seems less angry and less sad . ”
The Havas study broke new ground by linking the expression of emotion to the ability to understand language , says Havas ’ adviser , UW–Madison professor emeritus of psychology Arthur Glenberg .
“ Normally , the brain would be sending signals to the periphery to frown , and the extent of the frown would be sent back to the brain .
But here , that loop is disrupted , and the intensity of the emotion and of our ability to understand it when embodied in language is disrupted . ”
Practically , the study “ may have profound implications for the cosmetic - surgery , ” says Glenberg .
“ Even though it ’s a small effect , in conversation , people respond to fast , subtle cues about each other ’s understanding , intention and empathy .
If you are slightly slower reacting as I tell you about something made me really angry , that could signal to me that you did not pick up my message . ”
Such an effect could snowball , Havas says , but the outcome could also be positive : “ Maybe if I am not picking up sad , angry cues in the environment , that will make me happier . ”
In theoretical terms , the finding supports a psychological hypothesis called “ embodied cognition , ” says Glenberg , now a professor of psychology at Arizona State University .
“ The idea of embodied cognition is that all our cognitive processes , even those that have been thought of as very abstract , are actually rooted in basic bodily processes of perception , action and emotion . ”
With some roots in evolutionary theory , the embodied cognition hypothesis suggests that our thought processes , like our emotions , are refined through evolution to support survival and reproduction .
Embodied cognition links two seemingly separate mental functions , Glenberg says .
“ It ’s been speculated at least since Darwin that the peripheral expression of emotion is a part of the emotion .
An important role of emotion is social :
It communicates ‘ I love you ’ or ‘ I hate you , ’ and it makes sense that there would be this very tight connection between peripheral expression and brain mechanism . ”
“ Language has traditionally been seen as a very high - level , abstract process that is divorced from more primitive processes like action , perception and emotion , ” Havas says .
“ This study shows that far from being divorced from emotion , language understanding can be hindered when those peripheral bodily mechanism are interrupted . ”
A Russian farmer has been convicted of planting landmines around his field to ward off trespassers .
Alexander Skopintsev , from the eastern region of Primorye near China 's border , laid the three devices on his land after building them in his garage .
The 73 - year - old had apparently been concerned about the frequent theft of potatoes from his farm .
He was arrested after an intruder set off one of the tripwire - style mines in August and was injured in the blast .
Skopintsev was convicted for the unlawful construction and storage of weapons and received a two - and - a - half year suspended sentence .
" Skopintsev testified that he had prepared the explosive devices to protect his garden against thieves , " regional prosecutors said in a statement reported by RIA - Novosti news agency .
This past weekend Ryan Johnson acted as guest editor for The Province newspaper 's monthly supplement .
In addition to assisting with story ideas he also wrote the following column .
Here 's the story . . .
For a kid growing up in Thunder Bay , Ont. , my upbringing was what one might expect .
Being one of four children — three boys and a girl — more hours were spent weekly being carted between hockey arenas in our family station wagon than were spent in the comfort of our own home .
What at the time seemed completely normal now seems like an incredible test of patience and sacrifice that my parents endured .
Never mind the expense of four children playing and practicing nightly , but trying to manage meals , homework and everyday life must have felt like a neverending race .
So , fittingly , it was through the great Canadian pastime that many of our morals , values and lessons were taught to us .
My father Jim , a lawyer by trade , was a passionate hockey fan from a young age .
He played at the university level , but found his true calling in not just coaching , but building programs and arenas that would help change the lives of Thunder Bay kids for decades to come .
The Thunder Bay Minor Hockey Program , Lakehead University Thunderwolves , and the Thunder Bay Tournament Centre were just a few of his accomplishments that stemmed from his passion for the sport and what it could do for the people of our city .
But it was n’t about how good of a hockey player one could become , it was how good of a person one could become through the game of hockey .
My Dad and I were very different people , yet very much the same .
Where he enjoyed discussing politics , I enjoyed talking horses .
Where he liked to build with a hammer and nails , I wanted to create with a guitar .
But through our differences , there was always respect , and the courtesy to listen and learn about each other ’s loves .
Canucks Extras
This week on Canucks.com
Thankfully , hockey brought us a common ground that we could watch , play and discuss for days at a time .
From the earliest of memories , along with family and friends , it was the one constant for us .
I loved the afternoons of games on the outdoor rink in the backyard with my brothers and friends , but dreaded the evenings of skating figure eights around the garbage cans .
I longed for the games at the community centre with the older kids , but wondered why I was stickhandling around pylons after the game .
As I got older , I slowly started to come to some realizations .
Every discussion we had on the hockey rink had nothing at all to do with the game itself .
Hockey was just the canvas that my father used that could pertain to all areas of life in general .
I ca n’t explain how lucky I am to be able to say that my mentor , leader and best friend just happened to be my father .
After battling cancer courageously , he passed away on June 7 , 2008 .
Not a day goes by that I do n’t reflect on or refer to his guidance , and amazingly still find myself digesting or understanding new lessons from years ago .
I can only hope that in sharing a few of these , you are able to relate to them in your own way with your father / mother or son / daughter .
Courage
After being drafted in the second round by the Florida Panthers as a 17 - year - old , my focus was quickly directed on what I could accomplish , the opportunity I had just been given , and not on what being drafted entitled me to .
Throw in the fact that I was poised to leave home for the first time to become a freshman at the University of North Dakota , and obviously there was a lot running through my mind .
As the days quickly came closer for me to leave , the thought — “ Am I ready for this ? ” — came even quicker .
Sensing some hesitation in my body language , my father approached me in my room while I had my head in my hands .
He asked me a couple of simple questions that I will never forget .
“ Where do you think the best musician in the world is right now ?
What do you think the smartest scientist in the world is doing ? ”
As I mustered some sort of reply , my Dad interrupted with a response that relieved me of any hesitation from that point on .
“ They are not playing to sold - out stadiums around the world , or sitting in labs finding the cure for cancer .
They are sitting somewhere flipping burgers or scrubbing toilets because they did n’t have the courage to put themselves out there .
They were n’t brave enough to succeed if it meant facing some failure , and for that , they will live with regret for the rest of their lives . ”
He proceeded to pat me on the back and leave me to my thoughts .
It quickly registered that the safe and easy thing to do would be to stay at home another year , play junior hockey for a second season , and be comfortable in the surroundings of my family and friends .
But I was not in search of safe and easy things for my life .
Early the next morning I left for what would be two of the greatest years of my young life .
Control What You Can Control
My oldest brother Greg played 13 seasons in the NHL .
Unfortunately , he was forced into retirement because of a heart ailment known as Cardio Myopythy .
As a precaution , my whole family was advised to run the gamut of testing to make sure we did n’t have the same condition .
After a slight irregularity in my basic testing was reported , I was advised to attend the Mayo Clinic in Rochester , Minn. , in order to be able to be cleared to start the season with the St. Louis Blues .
The doctors concluded I was fine , but needed to go through one last procedure before being cleared .
It was a simulated heart attack that would determine how quickly my heart would recover from any irregularities in the beating of the heart .
As much as I was assured the test would go fine , they did warn against possible risks of putting the heart through such a test .
We all know what that means .
As much as I tried to downplay the situation , my father knew how not only the procedure could affect me , but what the result of it might mean for the rest of my career and future .
He was on the first flight out of Thunder Bay to be with me at the Mayo .
As we sat in a tiny Italian restaurant the night before the procedure , it was hard not to think of the what - ifs .
I could see in my Dad ’s eyes that he was n’t even sure I should be going through this test all .
Nonetheless , we discussed what I might do if I was advised to end my career and move on .
I thought the obvious thing would be to go back to school and finish my university education that had escaped me because of the fact I turned pro after two years .
His response caught me a little of guard .
He emphatically stated , “ Why would you waste your time going back to school ?
Look what you have accomplished by making it to the NHL .
You had no blueprint to follow .
The only reason you made it there was because you made a decision in your mind that that ’s what you wanted , and you did everything you possibly could to get there .
If you apply that to any other endeavour in life , you ’ll be just as successful . ”
I look at most success stories in sports , business , entrepreneurialship , etc , and there really is n’t a blueprint for success .
The one common denominator is that they all had the willingness to work , and to sacrifice regardless of the hand they were dealt .
I survived the procedure and received the results I was hoping for .
I said bye to my Dad at the airport , and returned to St. Louis to continue to do the little things that allowed me to have the greatest job in the world .
Me or We
I do n’t have enough fingers to possibly count how many times I , or any professional athlete for that matter , has gone into what most would call a slump .
It is as natural a part of the game as tying your skates or taping your stick .
To the surprise of most , the duration or severity of these struggles often lies not in how one sees themselves , but how they see others .
Odd , I know , but my father taught me at a young age the old - school cliché that a person ’s true character shines true when they are down and out .
To take it a step further , as my professional journey progressed , it was made clear to me that I could have my greatest influence on others when I was not at my best .
There are two different roads one can travel when things are n’t going their way .
One :
Hang their head in hopes that everyone knows they are n’t happy with themselves .
In doing so , creating a negative energy that can become contagious and draw attention to their displeasure .
Misery does indeed love company .
Or , two :
They can direct their attention to a teammate or co-worker that might be having a tough time as well .
Encouraging them as if they were the most important conversation you will have that day .
Odds are , the two will dig themselves out of a hole together , rather than dig a deeper hole .
In the summer of 2007 , my sister was to be married .
As my Dad continued to weaken due to his chemotherapy sessions , the question of whether the wedding should go on was in all of our minds .
Of course , Dad would not allow a thought of any postponement to exist .
As the wedding ceremony began and moved through the evening , he sensed a hesitation of smiles and celebration due to his condition .
When it came time for Dad and my mother Judy to speak about my sister and brother - in - law , he took the time to challenge all who had been invited .
He asked anyone who felt sorry for him , or thought of this as a mournful occasion , to please get up and go home .
People instantly sat up straighter in there seats .
Tears turned to smiles .
He promised he would be the first person to the dance floor and the last to leave the festivities .
He was right .
In the toughest of times , my father saw solutions , not problems .
A Better Man
I spend part of my off - season back in Thunder Bay .
I have a small lake house that is about 20 minutes from town , that feels like 20 hours from civilization .
It was maybe my Dad ’s favourite place in the world .
It was there we spent many hours piddling around doing odd and ends , sipping wine and arguing over the music being played , and breaking bread over the hockey season that was , and the one that would soon be .
Soon after his passing , a tree was planted in his memory on the crest of a grassy knoll that overlooks the water .
A bench sits in front of the tree with a view through a split of trees that offers the best of sunsets every evening .
His presence can be felt everywhere through the water , sun and land .
Like any great teacher - student relationship , that student usually must achieve his final triumph without his / her mentor .
So this is how I have digested the events of our family ’s loss .
I am convinced that somehow , someway , the 32 years of our journey together , will culminate into one final moment — that moment being the day I can take Lord Stanley ’s Cup back to that grassy knoll on Oliver Lake in Thunder Bay .
There I will sit surrounded by his presence in the water , sun and land , and know that he is proud .
Not proud of the fact that I am sitting with the Stanley Cup , but the person I became in my pursuit of it .
Empowering you .
For over 40 years , Ralph Moss has been empowering cancer patients , their families and caregivers , by helping them make their most informed treatment decisions .
Making sense of it all .
Oncologists will usually recommend some combination of chemotherapy , surgery and radiation .
Side effects and risk to benefit ratio need to be carefully considered .
When it comes to alternative treatments , you need to know which ones have value , and which ones are ineffective or dangerous .
Dr. Moss helps you understand your options and make the best choices possible .
Knowledge and experience .
Dr. Moss and his team travel the world to visit clinics , interview doctors and patients , and analyze their research data .
We bring that information back , compile it and share it with you .
During your consultation you will learn which treatments have value and which ones lack scientific validity .
Unbiased .
Your life may depend on the decisions you make now .
You need completely unbiased information .
Dr. Moss maintains the highest standard of scientific integrity , honesty and strict impartiality .
Real value .
We know that dealing with cancer poses more than just health challenges .
It can lead to significant financial burdens .
Making informed decisions can help you prevent a waste of your precious time and resources .
Easy to Understand .
Dr. Moss communicates in a way that is clear , concise and easy - to - understand .
He keeps the jargon to a minimum and shares his knowledge at a pace that works for you .
Compassionate and kind .
As a survivor of prostate cancer himself , Dr. Moss understands and is sensitive to what you are going through .
Together , you and Dr. Moss will create the most effective plan for your treatment .
Welcome !
Follow me on twitter at @johnrlottjr or at https://crimeresearch.org.
Please e-mail questions to johnrlott@crimeresearch.org .
The Spanish - born surrealist filmmaker Luis Buñuel was born on this day in the year 1900 .
Here 's Roger Ebert 's classic review of The Exterminating Angel ( Buñuel , BTW , was an atheist ) .
Video above , his first movie from 1929 , Un Chien Andalou ( " The Andalusian Dog " ) .
Or as we used to call it in art school , " the eyeball movie . "
REBOL is pretty weird .
It clearly owes a lot to LISP and to some extent Smalltalk in its underpinnings .
Code and data both come grouped into “ blocks ” which behave like mutable arrays by default , and can be coerced into being lists or hashes .
It has first - class functions , but it does n’t seem to encourage a very functional style in general .
It has objects , but once again does n’t really push them .
What I found most notable though were the unique syntax features .
It has an incredibly rich set of built - in datatypes , including URIs , filesystem paths , dates , money , email addresses , and more .
A part of me quails a bit at the thought of parsing all these , but it actually highlights how silly it is that these highly standardized formats are treated as raw strings , that must be parsed at runtime , in every other language .
Especially in languages which consider themselves statically typed .
I wish my problem domain had afforded more of an opportunity to try these out .
Slash ( / ) is used as the “ refinement ” operator .
Applied to a function , it alters the meaning of the function in some way , possibly requiring new arguments , very similar to how command line flags alter the action of a program invocation in unix .
Applied to a an object , it accesses members .
Applied with a literal number to a data block , it ’s an index operator .
For file paths , it descends .
Etc .
It claims to be easier to learn if you ’re not already a programmer .
I tend to be skeptical of such claims , or at least skeptical that such a language is actually better - suited to the non-programmer - but - technical crowd ( mostly scientists and engineers , I figure ) that uses them .
This one might have a claim to it , but it does seem like it could have kept all the features that make it interesting without diverging as wildly .
But I have too many lines logged as a programmer to be able to evaluate that claim properly .
Next time I have a very network - oriented scripting task , I may give REBOL a shot .
If it had an Open Source license , I ’d consider it for more than that .
The code ( written for version 2.7.7 ) :
#!/usr/bin/env rebol -q REBOL [ ] player : ' X board : [ 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 ] cell2string : func [ cell ] [ either integer ?
cell [ join " ( " [ cell " ) " ] ] [ join " " [ cell " " ] ] ] print_board : does [ repr : [ ] clear repr for row 0 6 3 [ for col 1 3 1 [ append repr cell2string pick board ( row + col ) append repr either col < 3 [ " | " ] [ " ^/ " ] ] if row < 6 [ append repr "---+---+---^/ " ] ] print join " ^ / " repr ] make_move : func [ space ] [ if ( pick board space ) == space [ poke board space player ] ] cells_equal : func [ value spaces ] [ foreach space spaces [ if value pick board space [ return false ] ] return true ] winner ? : does [ p : other_player if any [ cells_equal p [ 1 2 3 ] cells_equal p [ 4 5 6 ] cells_equal p [ 7 8 9 ] cells_equal p [ 1 4 7 ] cells_equal p [ 2 5 8 ] cells_equal p [ 3 6 9 ] cells_equal p [ 1 5 9 ] cells_equal p [ 3 5 7 ] ] [ player : p true ] ] tie ? : does [ foreach cell board [ if integer ?
cell [ return false ] ] return true ] prompt : does [ case [ winner ?
[ ( print [ player " Wins ! " ] ) break ] tie ?
[ ( print " It 's a Draw ! " ) break ] true [ prin join " Select a square , " [ player " : " ] ] ] ] other_player : does [ either player = ' X [ ' O ] [ ' X ] ] forever [ print_board prompt move : to - integer input if ( make_move move ) [ player : other_player ] ]
R.I.P , WTO
Someday historians may look back on 2010 as the year the global trade system died — or contracted a terminal illness .
A pledge by world leaders to complete the Doha round of global trade negotiations this year looks increasingly likely to end in yet another flop , and that would deal a crushing blow to the trade system as we know it .
Of course , commerce will continue across national borders , and one - off deals between countries will still happen .
But the slow - but - steady , across - the - board opening of markets that has fueled growth for decades is grinding to a halt .
After eight painful years of standstill and failure , with each meeting just a shoveling of intractable problems forward to the next , the Doha talks might collapse once and for all in 2010 , possibly taking the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) down in the process .
Yes , negotiators could once again defer the day of reckoning by setting a new deadline and resolving to try again later — just as they ’ve already done in Cancún , Geneva ( three times ) , Hong Kong , and Potsdam .
But they ’re running out of chances .
No less an authority than Stuart Harbinson , the former WTO General Council chairman who played a key role in the round ’s launch in 2001 , wrote recently : " This time … the crisis is real .
Too many deadlines have come and gone and the WTO simply cannot afford a repeat .
The fundamental credibility of the institution is now at stake … 2010 is a real deadline . "
That ’s dangerous , because for all its failings , the WTO is a rare international organization that works as intended .
The Geneva - based trade group is the current embodiment of the system established after World War II to prevent a reversion to 1930s - style protectionism and trade wars .
Its rules keep a lid on its member countries ’ import barriers , and members take their trade disputes to WTO tribunals rather than imposing tit - for - tat sanctions on each other ’s goods .
In addition , the WTO is the guardian of the most - favored - nation principle , which requires members to treat each other ’s products in a nondiscriminatory fashion — a valuable bulwark against the sorts of trade blocs that can lead to friction or even military conflict .
If Doha falls apart , the WTO ’s ability to continue performing its vital functions would be imperiled .
If it ca n’t forge new agreements , how long before it loses its authority to arbitrate disputes ?
The trade body wo n’t disintegrate overnight , but the danger is that its tribunals will be weakened to the point where member countries start ignoring WTO rulings and flouting their commitments .
Without negotiated settlements of contentious issues , litigation will almost surely spread like wildfire — a potentially explosive situation .
On climate change , for example , some in the United States and Europe want to impose " green tariffs " on goods from countries that are n’t reducing their carbon emissions fast enough ( read : China and India ) .
In the absence of clear rules , China and India would have plenty of leeway to challenge such tariffs , putting WTO tribunals in the terribly awkward position of having to decide :
Are such tariffs illegal , meaning that free trade trumps saving the planet ?
Or , if the tariffs are legal , should the Chinese and Indians have the right to slap duties on goods from Western countries , which they blame for creating the global warming problem in the first place ?
Sadly , even in a best - case scenario for 2010 , with Doha ending in a deal , the global trading regime might still be doomed .
The round ’s initial goals — making globalization work for the billions left behind by eliminating the farm subsidies and tariffs that adversely affect the world ’s poor — have become so laughably implausible that completing what ’s left of an agreement will prompt a painful reckoning .
The deal on the table has been so watered down by negotiations that it cannot be credibly said to work wonders for the poor , or even effect much change in how global trade takes place .
The gap between the result and the initial aspirations will prompt legitimate questions about why so much time was required and whether the WTO has any future as a negotiating forum .
What an irony that would be for President Barack Obama .
Despite making multilateralism a keystone of his foreign policy , he may preside over the marginalization of the most successful multilateral institution of all .
AN AIRLINE passenger became so irate that he could not claim his 10,000 euros ( $ 15,000 ) winning scratch card when on board the flight that he took rather odd action .
Cabin crew on Thursday ’s FR1724 flight from Krakow , Poland , to the U.K.'s East Midlands airport congratulated the winner and advised him to claim his prize directly from the company which runs the lottery , as it was such a large sum .
But he apparently became so upset that he was not able to collect the prize mid-flight that he decided to digest his winning scratch card ... invalidating his claim .
The airline was asking visitors to its website to decide which charity should get the € 10,000 prize .
" Passengers have always been delighted to claim their large cash prizes after returning home , " Ryanair spokesman Stephen McNamara said .
" Unfortunately our latest winner felt that we should have his € 10,000 prize kicking around on the aircraft . "
In - depth :
All the latest travel news
Follow our Twitter blog
Follow our travel reporter and travel editor 's Twitter blog
PDT : Maybe a good place to start is with the appalling observation , that keeps nagging at me , that somewhere between grade 6 and university graduation -- somewhere along the way -- we manage to completely alienate two thirds of the population .
Go to any gathering , and wait till mathematics comes up in the conversation , and listen to what people say .
XYZ : " I could never do math . "
PDT : And if they happen to be in a situation in which they have to cope with math ?
XYZ : -- A lot of anxiety .
PDT : For sure .
Now in math -ed sessions over the past years we 've certainly focused on these attitudes and on this anxiety -- making the classroom more friendly , more student - centred .
XYZ : Any results ?
PDT : Hard to say , but I would think that we 've made almost no progress on that one .
I often think that most math teachers are so used to this state of affairs that they take it as an inevitable consequence of how people are made -- that two thirds of us simply wo n't be able to think mathematically , and there 's really nothing to be done about it .
But I totally reject that idea .
I think it 's a terrible situation -- really shocking .
XYZ : What can be done ?
PDT : I look back at all my struggles with this problem , and I figure my real lack has been one of imagination more than anything else .
I 've been a mathematician for many years , and have taught the subject in many different contexts and at many different levels , and I certainly understand math well enough to make some progress on this problem .
What I lack is not knowledge but something more like vision .
XYZ : And how can you get this " imagination , " this " vision " ?
PDT : Maybe it often comes from the intersection of two different worlds , when one world strikes a deep chord in another .
For example , my research life is spent with biologists , and in interacting with them and seeing what they do with mathematics and what it means to them , the question of what they should have been seeing and doing in the math classroom when they were in school is always on my mind .
And over time I think I 've got some important insights .
XYZ : Is that going to let you see how to write this high school text book you were talking about earlier ?
PDT : It will help , but it does n't yet make the crucial imaginative leap that I feel is so badly needed .
XYZ : So where does that come from ?
PDT : There is another world that has been engaging me more and more .
And that 's the world of literature , especially poetry and drama .
XYZ : For example , your math and poetry course ?
PDT : That 's a big part of it .
I 've been involved in that for 14 years now , and what I 've found happening over the years is that I 've become more intrigued with the apparent difference and the real similarities between the study of math and the study of literature .
And increasingly I 'm discovering that in my struggle to find the right way to teach mathematics , and it has been a very perplexing struggle for me , I can get extraordinary insights by transposing my questions over to the other side of the math / literature analogy , and trying to answer them there .
XYZ : Hmmm .
Sometimes you must get answers that seem very strange .
PDT : And that 's exactly where things get interesting .
You 're tempted to dismiss them by saying , well math is different from literature , but the more I try to pin that down , the more I 'm finding that the differences do n't always stand up to examination .
XYZ : So this provides a way of getting at certain assumptions about mathematics ...
PDT : ... that are so ingrained that we are n't even aware of making them ...
XYZ : ... but that may be false ...
PDT : Or at least they tie us down to methods of teaching that do n't work , that do n't serve our students and do n't serve the subject .
XYZ : So let 's look at an example of how this works .
PDT : Well , I start looking through the grade 10 text book , trying to figure out what 's wrong , and then all of a sudden it hits me that most of what I see there I find pointless and boring .
XYZ : Okay .
PDT : And my first reaction to that is , well , I 'm a research mathematician -- it 's only to be expected that I 'd find grade 10 stuff a bit pointless , and not of great interest .
XYZ : I think that 's how most people would respond .
PDT : Okay .
But then I 'm talking to a grade 10 math student I happen to know who 's actually in danger of failing the course , and I ask him what 's the matter , and he tells me he finds grade 10 math pointless and boring .
So then I start to wonder just what 's going on here .
XYZ : Okay -- so we turn to the analogy ...
PDT : Right !
So I went and got my daughter 's grade 10 English book , and opened it and right away I am gripped .
It 's an anthology , a mixture of stories , poems , articles , reviews , etc. and most of it I found touching and compelling -- quite lovely pieces -- I 'd happily read them for pleasure .
In fact for a couple of weeks I kept the book by my bed .
I 'd never do that with the grade 10 math book .
So what 's the difference ?
XYZ : Okay , this is interesting .
First there is the idea we just mentioned that you 're a math prof not an English prof , so we might expect that you 'd find grade 10 math boring , but not necessarily grade 10 English .
PDT : Right , and that does n't hold water because an English professor would also find the grade 10 English text touching and compelling .
XYZ : Right , so we 're left with the second possible reason , that it's in the different nature of the two subjects .
High school math just has to be boring -- it just comes with the territory -- but that 's not true for English .
PDT : And that reason I totally reject .
That 's really the point I want to make here -- that math simply does not have to be this way , and there 'd be more good learning if it was n't .
XYZ : So what 's the math text supposed to look like ?
PDT : Well , I think the grade 10 English book is not a bad model : a mixture of " stories , " " poems , " " articles , " " reviews , " etc .
That is , we want the mathematical analogues of these .
XYZ : And what are those ?
Good math problems ?
PDT : Certainly .
Good stories too .
Commentary .
Playing around with ideas and techniques .
And what does " good " mean ?
I think we ought to use the same standards we use in English , and these are essentially artistic .
The pieces of writing in the English book are works of art that have emerged from some deep creative place .
And that 's what the study of literature is based on -- such works of art -- and they are to be found in the classroom from the very beginning , they form the canon of the curriculum .
But in mathematics this is not what happens .
XYZ : There are no such works of art ?
PDT : Sure there are !
I know lots of them -- wonderful problems , tantalizing , magical , wondrous , artistic in every sense of the word .
XYZ : But they are not in the grade 10 text book .
PDT : Even that 's not true .
There 's quite a number in the book , but they appear in a fragmentary and peripheral way -- not at the centre .
The focus of the book is elsewhere .
The focus of the book is on the technical skills .
It is these that provide the organizing structure for the entire book -- its heart and its soul .
XYZ : But why is this is not a problem in English ? --
I guess because technical skills are not so important for that subject .
PDT : There may be some truth in that , but not nearly as much as is supposed .
On the whole I feel that the importance of technical skills are overemphasized in math , especially at the elementary level .
XYZ : So we must de-emphasize technical skill in math ?
PDT : I think that 's true , though perhaps more should be said about that .
But even that 's just the beginning .
A crucial difference between English and math curricula is that in English the books come first and the curriculum is then based on these , whereas in math , the curriculum comes first and then the books are based on that .
In the first case , the books are essentially artistic ; in the second case , the art is lost .
XYZ : And this leads to the alienation ?
PDT : Exactly .
The students never have a chance to be captured by mathematics -- in their universe , they give it little credit .
And so I think that 's where the alienation starts -- way back before things are perceived as being difficult in any sense , they are first perceived as irrelevant , essentially meaningless to the student 's life .
The students say " this is n't me , " and shift their attention elsewhere .
And then things are missed .
And then finally , later , the anxiety comes .
XYZ : Let me recap ' .
You suggest that the reason we lose those two out of every three people is because the examples and the problems in the book are not works of art , and hence they have no meaning for the students .
PDT : Exactly .
I could hardly have summarized it better myself .
XYZ : So you assert that meaning comes from art ?
PDT : Yes I believe I do .
What would you say ?
XYZ : That meaning comes from life ?
PDT : Well , I suppose that 's true .
In fact , that 's certainly true .
Whitehead said as much in his Aims : there is only one subject for education , and that 's life -- in all its manifestations .
XYZ : So does meaning come from art or from life ?
PDT : Well , let 's pursue the idea that it comes from life .
What would you conclude from that -- about the curriculum ?
XYZ : That we should be doing more real life applications ?
Modeling , etc.?
PDT : That would seem to follow , but I want to be careful with that .
I think at different times we have responded to precisely that question with more " applied " stuff , and it has n't always worked , in fact it 's often backfired .
The students have found it too hard and often not really very relevant to their own lives .
XYZ : So the applications have to be " right . "
PDT : And what does " right " mean ?
Well , let 's look again at the grade 10 English book .
Are the stories and poems about life ?
XYZ : I would guess that they are .
PDT : For sure .
Love , loss , caring , grieving , hopes , fears , frustrations , joys , triumphs .
But does that qualify a poem for admission to the text book ?
No ! --
I can imagine lots of poems written about these themes which were constructed without care , without integrity , without depth , which did n't really " work " as poems at all .
XYZ : To have meaning hey have to be works of art !
PDT : Exactly !
Though there 's an important interplay here , what Jerry King ( 1992 -- The Art of Mathematics .
Fawcett Columbine ) refers to as the paradox of the utility of beauty , and what Eugene Wigner called the unreasonable effectiveness of mathematics .
Both of these bear witness to the possibly unexpected relevance of art to the concerns of what we call the real world .
But notice that both of these epigrams are formulated in a way which leaves no doubt that it is art which occupies the primary position .
XYZ : That is certainly not the guiding principle behind the math book .
PDT : No indeed .
Here , too often , the author presents a page of mathematical sludge and attempts to give it meaning by casting it in terms of building fences or rolling sheet metal .
That does not fool the students .
What they respond to are the artistic aspects of the work .
XYZ : So what is art ?
PDT : Art is the ultimate source of meaning .
This is such an important principle for education it can never be emphasized too much .
Sorry , what did you say ?
XYZ : What is art ?
PDT : Ah , you certainly know how to ask a good question .
XYZ : It was , of course , sitting there , begging to be asked .
PDT : If it 's beautiful , if it has integrity , if it hangs together , if it speaks with a clear voice , if it is able to care for the student and be cared for in turn by the student , then it is art .
How 's that ?
XYZ : Not bad .
PDT : To be an artist is to care deeply about what you are doing -- to do it in a way that is " right , " that has integrity , that speaks to your soul .
I think that this happens far too rarely for students , either at home or at school , but it is the most important experience that anyone can have , the experience of being an artist -- it is golden -- nothing comes close to matching it .
From it , you get your energy , your joy , your equilibrium .
When I am fully immersed in an artistic endeavour , be it working on a math problem , or washing the dishes in hot soapy water , my personal anxiety disappears and I can " be there " for anyone .
I am " in place . "
The sacred task of the educator is to guide the student towards that experience .
But this is too often sabotaged by the scramble to cover the curriculum .
XYZ : Not only in math but in other subjects as well .
PDT : For sure .
But this is particularly sad in math , because I think that mathematics , because of its nature -- its simplicity , its beauty , its directness , its precision -- can provide a stupendous canvas for the artist .
Perhaps it shares this character with poetry .
And music too .
XYZ : I think I agree with you , and I even think that many teachers would too , but as you say , they seem unable to respond to this because of their mandate to " cover " the curriculum .
PDT : Those who rebel often seek out alternative education programs .
XYZ : I 've encountered some of these programs and most of them seem to be fabulous .
PDT : The teachers that lead them are real artists -- they care about their teaching , and they need to find a way to do it that has integrity .
XYZ : Perhaps the changes you have in mind for the math curriculum would allow more math teachers to operate with integrity without rebelling against the system ?
PDT : I hope so .
XYZ : And you would use works of art as the basis of this curriculum .
PDT : Yes .
XYZ : Can you give me an example of a " work of art " at the grade 10 math level ?
PDT : Sure .
Though I should warn you that it 's no longer so easy to attach levels to different problems .
Like a good poem , a good problem can work at many different levels and with many different abilities .
XYZ : Understood .
PDT : Here 's an " extra " problem I pulled out of the grade 10 text book .
XYZ : Ah , the " extra " problems .
I bet that 's where most of the art ends up .
PDT : I 'm afraid so .
" Cola cans are sold in boxes of 40 packed as shown ( a 5x8 array ) .
Alicia discovers that the box can be made to hold 41 cans by simply rearranging them .
How does she do it ?
XYZ : Nice .
PDT : Yes it is .
There 's lots of possibilities for hands on exploration , with cola cans or pennies or whatever , and it 's very satisfying to see the new array with that extra can .
And then in checking that it really " fits " there is a bit of organizational strategy to work out and a small technical calculation , essentially right - angled triangle stuff .
And if you 're rusty on that , it 's a good chance to revisit it .
But most of all , what 's needed is care in keeping track of bits and pieces .
And even those simple technicalities are satisfying - probably because they are spawned by the art .
XYZ : And there are other questions which naturally arise .
Like could it have worked with other sizes of array ?
PDT : There sure are .
For what m x n arrays would the same trick work ?
What arrays would allow us to fit two more cans ?
Or three ?
Are there ways of working with both dimensions at the same time ?
It 's wonderfully open - ended .
And here 's an algebraic example :
Also wonderfully open - ended .
XYZ : But the kids would find these problems hard .
PDT : Of course they would .
They are hard .
But it 's important to notice carefully what makes them hard .
It 's not the technical manipulations that we often think of as comprising mathematics .
It 's the organization and care needed to assemble and track the pieces of the problem .
More and more , mathematics seems to me to be about those things : integrity and care in the service of art .
XYZ : I have a picture of a care package .
Something you get from a parent or a friend when you 're in an alien situation .
You undo the string and open it up -- soul food !
PDT : That 's a terrific image -- and it's the right one for a math problem .
Our students should be sending little care packages to their solutions , their constructions , their manipulations .
And receiving them from the problem too !
Caring is a two - way street .
XYZ : I like that .
I 've always felt that to be true about writing -- that what makes it good prose or good poetry is not a lot of sophistication , but a real caring for the subject and a sense of what 's appropriate and what works in terms of structure and technique .
PDT : That 's well said .
And that 's what I want for math too .
XYZ : It means you can't afford to be in a hurry .
PDT : Certainly not .
You have to be prepared to spend time exploring .
XYZ : Problems that appear hard when you 're hard pressed are often easy when you insist on taking the right amount of time .
PDT : But when you 've got a curriculum to cover , you do n't give the problem a chance .
XYZ : So why is it that the English curriculum has come to be based on works of art but the math curriculum has not ?
PDT : That 's a good question .
I think that math and science have been forced over the past many decades into a technical straight jacket in order to serve economic and technological purposes .
And literature has escaped that because it's not perceived as being essential in the same way .
XYZ : And if English had been perceived as being economically essential ...?
PDT : The same thing would have happened to English .
Let 's be fanciful for a moment .
Suppose our great leaders had somehow decided that it was literature and not mathematics that held the key to our economic well - being .
For example , imagine that , for some reason , Sputnik , instead of being a satellite , had been some triumph of literary technology , imagine that sonnets are found to heal heart disease and restoration comedy to annihilate tumors , and suppose that the best fuel for the latest breeder reactors is an epic tale .
You can imagine that the word would come down that proficiency in reading and writing was now the number one priority of the education system .
And reading and writing would quickly be reduced to a host of technical elements , and standard poems for the grade 10 curriculum would be written by a committee of educators .
And most good poetry would suddenly be judged as too advanced .
XYZ : So that , as in math today , the English books would be written to fit the curriculum .
PDT : And the art would be lost .
Mathematics , on the other hand , left to its own poetical devices , might well thrive .
No one would think twice about throwing out all the boring stuff .
XYZ : This makes me want to return to the question of what you call the pointless boring stuff .
Surely it is still true that the technical requirements for doing math at any level are more severe and less flexible than are the technical requirements for writing .
PDT : There 's some truth in that .
Math on the whole is less Dionysian -- more care is required .
Certain manipulations have to be done right or you will end up with nonsense .
XYZ : And is it not also true in math , that a mastery of certain technical skills is typically a bigger prerequisite for " going on , " than in English ?
PDT : This is certainly an issue that needs to be carefully looked at .
XYZ : For example , with the current curriculum , a student who misses a week of math class can be terribly handicapped , but this seems not to be the case in English , not nearly so much .
PDT : Right !
The sequence of works of art which embody the English curriculum tend to be fairly independent of one another .
XYZ : But that can't happen in math , or can it ?
PDT : Well , actually , I think it can .
We are all conditioned into thinking that math has to form some kind of tower , and if you 're missing a piece at the bottom , the tower will collapse .
But I do n't buy that metaphor any more .
Most of the mathematical thinking that gets done in the " real world " is not that far from the ground .
XYZ : But is n't it still true that a lot of the math in the curriculum really depends on an understanding of previous concepts ?
PDT : I think you 're right , and for me that signals the need for some fundamental shifts in the math curriculum .
First of all , the examples / problems that we use should be simpler , less technical , more exploratory , and more discussion - oriented .
In our efforts to " uncover " them in the classroom , different techniques will arise , some more elementary than others
In my experience , what happens technically with these problems is often quite unexpected .
Students find quite ingenious ways to get around sophisticated skills that they have not yet mastered , and do n't think of using .
XYZ : And there 's probably a lot of learning in that .
PDT : And excitement too !
XYZ : Will they learn the required skills eventually ?
PDT : Well , the important ones will come up many times and the student who is interested in what 's happening will finally get hold of them .
And some students ( probably many students at particular times ) will even be hungry for them because they want the power that these skills will give them .
And they will master them .
XYZ : But you 'll have different students in the class with different technical backgrounds .
PDT : Yes you will .
Mind you I think that we have that already , perhaps far more than we care to admit , but let 's leave that one aside .
We certainly have that situation in English , but it does n't seem to hamper us so much .
XYZ : Not as much .
It seems more of a problem in math .
PDT : Let me give you an example .
Not long ago a senior economics professor called me up , dismayed that a number of students in his class , all of whom had first - year calculus , did n't know what Lagrange multipliers were .
How could he teach his third - year whatever - it - was if his students had n't met such a fundamental concept ?
XYZ : I 'm all ears .
PDT : Well , that 's an important question .
Lagrange multipliers , or at least the ideas behind them , turn out to be fundamental in methods of optimization , yet nevertheless , that topic will sometimes not be covered in the curriculum .
So what I say to the economics prof is this :
Is Lagrange multipliers actually an essential tool for your result ?
If so , then it 's important , even essential , that you develop it yourself , for the class , from the ground up , in the context of your result -- that you recreate the ideas in the students ' minds .
If it 's a central part of the economics model , it should be a central part of the economics class .
Too often , mathematical results are terribly abused by teachers who take a cheap shortcut and simply refer to a result from the past , from another place , another context , totally underestimating the difficulty ( and the importance ) of transporting these ideas from one place to another .
When that happens , the mathematics loses , the application loses , and most of all , the student loses .
XYZ : So the economics prof should spend more time on the technical result .
PDT : If it 's essential to his model , yes .
He might cover less ground as a result , but he will do more real modeling .
What he has to realize is that in most of the real world , people do n't use the standard cut and dried theoretical tools -- problems are usually too idiosyncratic to allow that .
The tools almost always have to be refashioned to suit the circumstances , or even redesigned from the ground up , and I find that when I 'm doing this , I 'm often not aware that I 'm redesigning a standard tool at all -- it looks more to me that I 'm designing a tool from scratch , until I get to the end , and then I suddenly recognize that I 've actually reinvented a special - purpose version of something quite familiar like Lagrange multipliers .
XYZ : And to be able to do that , that type of reinvention , I guess you would have to have studied those tools in a process - oriented manner .
PDT : Absolutely -- in a variety of situations , over many years .
In fact , although the economics prof thought half his class had n't seen Lagrange multipliers , they had almost certainly all played with , probably many times , the fundamental idea behind them -- that if you want to allocate a resource among several competing activities and maximize your overall return , it has to be true that you get the same marginal return through each activity .
And I bet he could have presented his " model " by appealing directly to that basic idea .
XYZ : That makes sense .
PDT : I think that students encounter that idea many times in their education , but it gets lost in the technical shuffle that always goes on at the same time .
XYZ : That 's a nice way to put it .
PDT : One thing I do in my calculus course is develop exactly that idea through a sequence of simple modeling exercises .
My experience is that students who have encountered these may not be able to handle the formalism of Lagrange multipliers but can solve particular optimal allocation problems with their bare hands , so to speak , because they are able to think about the problem from the ground up .
XYZ : What are the prospects for these ideas in a highly technical program such as Engineering ?
PDT : Well there are some interesting reform ideas in the air .
But a number of my colleagues will certainly resist .
They tend to freak out at the thought of a differential equations course that does n't have this , or a complex variables course that does n't have that .
Why are you laughing ?
XYZ : I 'm picturing some of your colleagues freaking out .
PDT : Well maybe that was too strong .
But honestly , sometimes I get convinced that they 've never had a conversation with a practicing engineer ten years after graduation .
But I certainly have , and it's the same story over and over : the topics we cover do n't matter a bit -- almost none of it is explicitly used .
What matters is the way of thinking , of solving problems , the methods of analysis .
To be able to think and write clearly , and be comfortable with technical material .
XYZ : I believe it -- in fact I 've heard that before .
PDT : Of course you have .
Over coffee in the staff lounge , everybody agrees it 's true .
But somehow , when it comes down to the nitty gritty , of choosing a text , or setting a curriculum , or responding to the " demands " of some " user " department , we buckle under , we lay on the same tower of stuff .
XYZ : You 're suggesting that , as a university teacher , you have quite a bit of choice about your curriculum .
PDT : I think we do .
And therefore we have a lot of responsibility for the disgraceful state of most of our courses , particularly the basic ones .
XYZ : That 's perhaps less true for high school teachers .
PDT : Certainly .
They are told , principally by the universities , that close attention to the " curriculum " is necessary to prepare their students for the future , and for the most part they do not have the background and the freedom to counter that .
And although there 's lots of rhetoric about process and investigation , the text books give little idea about how to implement that in the context of the given curriculum .
And school teachers certainly do n't seem to have the time or the experience to develop alternative models .
XYZ : You 're talking about math teachers ?
PDT : For the most part , yes .
It 's worth pointing out that the situation is very different for English teachers .
Everyone should look at a copy of the Ontario Secondary School Guidelines for math and for English , and compare them .
The English guidelines are much more open , more liberating , more empowering .
The teacher is given a lot of freedom over the choice of material -- the teacher is respected as a professional .
XYZ : Yes , I 've seen both documents .
The difference is striking .
PDT : The math teacher is hemmed in , treated like a lackey , like someone who really can't be trusted .
If I were a math teacher I 'd be mad as hell .
Not only am I not valued as a professional , but the merchandise I 've been given to " sell " is clearly second rate .
It 's hard to be an exciting teacher -- it 's hard to generate energy in your class , it 's hard to win the heart - felt allegiance of your students , when you 're stuck with such material .
XYZ : And most high school teachers feel there 's really no choice -- that they have to serve the university and the college and the workplace .
PDT : The next time a teacher asks me what it is that the universities want , I am going to reply that the universities are not the place to get that answer -- that they have n't thought carefully enough about that question .
What I want to say to the high school teacher is : forget about the university , forget about the college , forget about the workplace -- tell them all to go get stuffed .
Look instead inside your self , look inside your soul , you are an artist and you are a mathematician , you know what 's good , you know what 's right -- trust that , and give your students the very best you have to offer them .
XYZ : Holy cow .
PDT : Hey , we 've all had the feeling of walking into a classroom knowing that the problem we 've given ourselves to work with that day is absolutely golden -- that we do n't have to worry about ourselves or our performance , that the material itself will illuminate the entire hour .
There 's a tremendous sense of energy and self - confidence which comes from that and radiates into the class .
It 's an incomparable feeling , and it 's quite infectious .
XYZ : You 're right .
But it 's rare .
PDT : And that 's what 's inexcusable .
That it 's so rare .
One sure sign that the math curriculum has gone astray is the proliferation of talks at OAME meetings with titles like , How to take the numb out of number , and Making logarithms lively .
As soon as you see a lot of that kind of talk , you can be sure the standard material is artistically poverty stricken .
Here -- let me give you a poem from the math and poetry course :
The Kama Sutra of Kindness :
Position No. 2
should I greet you
as if
we had merely eaten
together one night
when the white birches
dripped wet
and lightning etched
black trees on your walls ?
it is not love
I am asking
love comes from years
of breathing
skin to skin
tangled in each other 's dreams
until each night
weaves another thread
in the same web
of blood and sleep
and I have only
passed through you quickly
like light
and you have only
surrounded me suddenly
like flame
the lake is cold
the snows are sudden
the wild cherry bends
and winter 's a burden
in your hand I feel
spring burn in the bud .
Mary Mackey
An enormous silence meets the initial reading of that poem .
It simply rivets the class .
There 's no question of focus here -- there are a huge number of things to react to and take off from .
I do n't see anyone at the English teacher 's conference giving talks on how to bring that poem to life .
It carries its life with it like a flaming torch .
XYZ : And you want a math course with " poems " like that .
PDT : They exist !
They 're there .
And we know them when we see them .
We do n't need anyone else to tell us what 's good .
That 's very important to keep hold of .
We know -- each of us inside ourselves -- we know what 's good .
XYZ : Wow .
Okay .
What 's the program ?
What do we have to do ?
PDT : First of all , we have to develop some proper curriculum materials , and that means works of art -- good problems .
They have to be the centre of the curriculum , around which everything revolves .
Anything less than that is like constructing a poetry course with lots of stuff about rhyme and meter and form and symbol and metaphor without any real poems .
A poetry course without poems !
XYZ : Okay so you find these poems .
PDT : Or construct them .
The way poetry is written .
From life .
XYZ : And then how do you present them ?
PDT : In the first instance they 'll stand alone .
They 'll declare themselves to be worthy of attention .
And what will happen with them will vary a lot with different teachers and different levels of student .
XYZ : Lots of scope for professional activity .
PDT : Such a curriculum could give a real burst of life to the whole concept of professional activity .
XYZ : There 's a lot of anarchy in the curriculum picture you 're painting .
PDT : Anarchy is a great source of energy .
More and more for me I look on my role of teacher as providing energy more than knowledge .
XYZ : I think there 's a lot to be said for that attitude -- that if you can really can give them some energy , you 've accomplished an enormous amount .
PDT : You see , knowledge is already embarrassingly plentiful -- with all this " web " stuff , there 's a glut .
XYZ : Okay , I 'm with you all the way here .
But help me again - I 'm still having problems figuring out how all the " stuff " that we do now is going to get done .
I guess when you come right down to it , I 'm having trouble believing we can get along without it .
PDT : Well , I 'm not really saying that we can ...
Look , I think I really want to say something here -- several things in fact -- I think the technical side of mathematics is hugely misunderstood .
XYZ : Okay , shoot .
PDT : First of all , technical skills are important -- not only do you need to know them , you need to know them well .
When you 're solving a problem , you can't afford to be distracted by technical matters , you need your mind free to be creative .
Also , problem - solving is not algorithmic -- we find our way uncertainly , by a hope , a hunch .
But we are guided , deep down , perhaps without any explicit awareness , by a feeling of what 's technically possible .
So we really need a number of skills to be thoroughly internalized .
XYZ : And that 's why drill is so important .
It 's the same with music and tennis : you can't play either of them unless a lot of stuff is automatic .
PDT : Okay !
That analogy with music and tennis is just what we need .
It holds to key to what we are missing in mathematics .
XYZ : Let me guess - in music and tennis the drill is inspired by art .
PDT : Precisely .
It makes a huge difference .
XYZ : .
And maybe that 's one reason why many students are technically so weak .
They simply do not put in the hours because they really have no inspiration to do so .
PDT : And you know there 's something else here too .
We all have a need to be grounded , to be protected , safe from the buffetings of an arbitrary universe , and careful precise routine activity plays an important role in this .
There 's an enormous amount of comfort and reassurance in it - but it has be " right " , it has to be centred , it has to have integrity .
I 've already mentioned washing the dishes in warm soapy water .
That soapy water is an important metaphor for me .
When I leave in the morning , the dishes are warm and air - drying on the rack , the counters are spotless and bounce back the light which pours in from the window over the sink , calling to me , for I am now ready to meet the day .
XYZ : There 's a lot of art in soap bubbles .
PDT : More on the same point ! -- suppose a calculus student makes the following " simplification " :
What do we do ?
-- throw up our hands in despair and blame poor technical preparation in the lower grades ?
And thanks for the soap bubble comment .
XYZ : I know some calculus instructors who'd do exactly that .
PDT : And so do I .
But the fact of the matter is that this error may have nothing to do with technical preparation - but rather with focus and care .
Perhaps the student who makes this error is simply not working carefully , is not checking things out , is not asking whether his answers are reasonable , is perhaps short of time , or short of patience , or short of caring about what he 's doing -- anyway he 's unable or unwilling to give this piece of the problem the time and attention it deserves .
XYZ : Not to mention that it might have been a problem that did n't really deserve very much in the first place !
PDT : Right on !
XYZ : So where are we ?
We 've agreed that technical skills are important , and that they need to learned well .
PDT : I 'd even say it more forcefully - to be really " there " for us , they need to occupy a place at the centre of our being , both intellectually and spiritually .
And if you have trouble understanding what that means , think of tennis or music .
XYZ : Okay - but how many techniques do we need .
PDT : And that 's the question of technical prerequisites .
And I think that the answer is that to be able to do math , and certainly to succeed in the world , you do n't need mastery of nearly as many techniques as we might suppose .
Once you 've mastered a number of skills of a certain type , you get the hang what can be done and what can't , of what 's algorithmic and what 's not .
And that 's the biggest part of what you need !
XYZ : It almost seem to me as if a lot of what we 're doing now is not only wasted but damaging .
PDT : It 's nothing short of shocking when you think about it .
The politicians are all convinced that education is costing more than it should , but they simply have no idea of the enormity of the waste of time and energy in the science classroom .
Ninety percent of the students spend ninety percent of their time operating at half speed , just trying to get through the hour .
It 's scandalous .
If a significant number of politicians had the wit or the experience to know this , we'd be in serious trouble .
The irony that saves our hide is that most of them have had such a poverty stricken exposure to school science themselves that they are unable to make reasonable judgments .
So they are at the mercy of the educators who argue that we 're all doing as best we can , and what 's needed is just a little tinkering here and a dash of special ed there .
XYZ : Are you suggesting that we could get by ...
PDT : In fact just look at the " solutions " that the educators have come up with -- sorry , I 'm getting carried away here .
XYZ : Go right ahead .
PDT : .... just look at the " solutions " that we 've come up with to save money -- curtail the music and the art and the drama and the crafts and the outdoor ed , and all the extras that breathe life into the curriculum .
The school now seems to me to be an artistic desert .
Where is the soul , the music and dancing , the colours and the bold outlines ?
Where is the energy ?
XYZ : I have to say I agree with you .
PDT : What kind of integrity can educators have who propose solutions like this ?
XYZ : Look , I really feel I agree with you .
I do .
But damn it all I 'm still bothered by the feeling that somehow we need the math skills more than we need the English skills , that society depends on them more .
So we necessarily have more freedom in designing the English curriculum .
PDT : Well I know " where that 's coming from . "
In fact it 's a unspoken and unexamined assumption in The Ontario Ministry 's recent discussion paper on high school reform .
But let 's just stop for a moment and think about that .
Suppose we moved to an artistically based curriculum , and simply let go of all the worry about the skills , and just let students who wanted them pick them up when they 're ready .
What terrible things do you think will happen ?
Exactly how will the world suffer ?
XYZ : That 's an interesting question .
PDT : I think we all conjure up a terrible picture of the consequences -- that bridges will start to fall down , economists will no longer be able to control the money supply , meteorologists will fail to predict the weather , nuclear power plants will become unsafe , video games will crash , coffee grinders will seize up , Canada will no longer be able to compete in the world economy and no one will be able to figure out what the world was like one trillionth of a second after the birth of the universe .
XYZ : Hmm .
PDT : And I just see no evidence for that whatsoever .
None .
It 's a totally unsupported assumption .
I think things are more likely to go the other way -- that Canada might become a leader in creative technology -- video games that make sense , for example .
XYZ : It would certainly be interesting to see ...
PDT : So when do we start ?
XYZ : Well how exactly are we going to find the works of art ?
PDT : Well , that 's what I feel math educators ought to be doing now -- focusing their attention more narrowly on questions of subject matter and content .
Because if that 's wrong , you have to work incredibly hard to get the allegiance of the students , and only the most talented teachers will manage , but if the material is right , it will carry the class along like a great wave .
Late last week , Google announced it will phase out old browser support next month on Google Docs and Google Sites .
The search giant also sent out an e-mail to Google Apps administrators to warn them of the date , as well as tell them something it did not disclose publicly last week : Gmail and Calendar are next on the IE6 support kill list .
Here 's the relevant snippet :
We plan to begin phasing out support of these older browsers on the Google Docs suite and the Google Sites editor on March 1 , 2010 .
After that point , certain functionality within these applications may have higher latency and may not work correctly in these older browsers .
Later in 2010 , we will start to phase out support for these browsers for Google Mail and Google Calendar .
Google Apps will continue to support Internet Explorer 7.0 and above , Firefox 3.0 and above , Google Chrome 4.0 and above , and Safari 3.0 and above .
We contacted Google to verify the authenticity of the e-mail .
" We plan to stop supporting older browsers for the rest of the Google Apps suite , including Gmail , later in 2010 , " a Google spokesperson confirmed with Ars .
We asked whether phasing out the support for older browsers on Gmail and Google Calendar would affect everyone , and not just Google Apps that companies have deployed .
" Correct , both enterprise and consumer users , " the spokesperson told us .
IE6 started off 2010 with about one - fifth of the browser market share .
Actually , if we add all browser versions below IE7 , Firefox 3.0 , Chrome 4.0 , and Safari 3.0 , it 's clear that at least one in four users are using browsers that Google plans to stop supporting .
There 's no telling if this number is the same for those who access Gmail , Google Calendar , Google Docs , or Google Sites ; we asked , but Google refused to provide data from its end .
The company has been using Gmail to convert IE6 users to Chrome for over a year , but later this year it 's going to deal another blow to the ancient browser , moving it that much closer to its well - deserved demise .
Jetpatchers at work :
One person to drive it and one to fill the potholes
A winter of freeze - thaw - freeze has left the UK 's roads riddled with 1.6 million new potholes .
Now councils are turning to a new piece of kit to quickly repair pockmarked roads - a Jetpatcher machine .
Road users beware Suspension - jarring , bike - toppling , ankle - turning potholes are the bane of road users and local authorities alike .
And this winter 's big chill has cracked and crumbled highways and byways to such an extent that the AA reports pothole - related claims are up 400 % , and councils are throwing money at their ravaged roads .
A number have turned to a £ 140,000 patching lorry with which one operator can fill one pothole in about five minutes for £ 60 - a fraction of the time it takes a repair gang to do the job manually .
In favourable conditions - neither too wet nor too icy - it can fix hundreds of potholes a week , says a spokeswoman for Hampshire County Council , which has been using a leased machine since early February as part of its boosted Pothole Busters programme .
The Jetpatcher is mainly deployed to repair rural roads with many minor potholes close together , and to smooth damaged verges , she says .
More major potholes are repaired manually .
About 50 are now in use throughout Britain , from Jetpatcher UK or Sunderland - based Velocity UK .
Argyll and Bute , Aberdeen , York and Liverpool are among the councils to buy or hire the machines .
" A high majority of Scottish councils have bought or leased one .
We 've had a lot of enquiries in England .
And a lot of councils in Wales are already using Jetpatchers , " says a spokesman for Jetpatcher UK .
Repairing a pothole manually
The traditional method of repair involves a gang of up to five people kitted out with shovels , buckets and wheelbarrows , and a lorry - load of asphalt .
They clear and fill the holes , then use a roller or whacker to smooth the surface .
Sometimes the crew needs to dig out the damaged road surface before filling begins .
And the patch may need to dry overnight before a layer of micro-asphalt can be laid on top , says a spokeswoman for Hull City Council .
The Jetpatcher does all this in one smooth operation , then moves on to the next pothole as traffic resumes its path over the newly repaired road .
But as with manual repairs , the machine is rather stymied by the weather .
Too cold and / or too wet , and the asphalt will not set properly .
This can allow more water to seep into the roadway , and the whole vicious circle starts again .
Potholes are formed by water seeping through cracks in the asphalt surface of a road .
When temperatures plunge , the water freezes , expands and causes the road surface to rupture .
The ice then melts , leaving a space below the surface , which caves in under the stress of vehicles and eventually forms a pothole .
Nationally , there are an estimated 1.6 million new potholes due to the icy spell , and the Local Government Association says the repair bill will be about £ 100 m this year .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
According to a 1997 study which I see cited in a lot of places but ca n’t actually find a copy of , unfortunately , 85 % of women with disabilities in the United States have experienced domestic violence .
Other studies pinpoint the rate at lower levels , but seem to generally agree that women with disabilities are at least twice as likely as able women to experience domestic violence and intimate partner abuse .
For women with disabilities , domestic violence is a very serious issue which is complicated by disability .
It can take many forms , including insidious ones which outsiders would not necessarily recognize as domestic violence , and intervention becomes complex when you realize that many crisis and counseling centers are inaccessible .
The limited resources available to able women are even more limited for disabled women .
When I worked for a domestic violence and sexual assault hotline / crisis center several years ago , one of the questions I was most commonly asked by outsiders was : “ well , why do n’t women just leave ? ”
Many people are aware that the answer to this question for able women is : “ it ’s a complicated situation . ”
Take that to the power of 12 for a woman with disabilities :
How can you “ just walk out the door and do n’t look back ” when you ’re a wheelchair user being kept on the inaccessible second floor and you ’re dependent on your abusive partner to get out the door ?
For women with disabilities , leaving an abusive relationship may mean losing a carer .
It may mean losing children , because the courts are often reluctant to award custody to women with disabilities .
It may mean being deprived of autonomy by people who think that people with disabilities cannot make their own decisions .
It may mean institutionalization .
It may also end with being forced back into that abusive relationship .
Women with disabilities who experience domestic violence can be made financially and physically dependent by their partners .
Patterns of abuse can include depriving women of medication and routine care .
They can include total isolation from friends and family members .
They can include sexual abuse , ranging from rape to forced sterilization .
They almost always involve total control and the use of coercion and threats ; physical violence does not have to be present for a relationship to be abusive .
They often involve deprivation from financial and social independence , including economic abuse in the form of confiscating funds which belong by rights to the disabled partner .
People with disabilities often literally lack access to domestic violence resources in their communities .
They may not be aware of domestic violence services and may be unable to label what they are experiencing as domestic violence .
If they attempt to report abuse , they may face disbelief , even from people like members of law enforcement who are supposed to take such reports seriously .
Indeed , women with disabilities may encounter social attitudes that suggest that they actually deserve to be abused ; “ caregiver fatigue , ” people say .
“ It looks abusive but it ’s really not , ” they also say .
The abusive partner may in fact be praised by members of the community , and viewed with sympathy by people who view the disabled partner as a burden and who are not seeing the dynamic at home .
Help is increasingly available for able women in domestic violence situations .
The same is not true for women with disabilities .
There needs to be a greater push for accessibility in shelters .
A greater push for intervention services specifically targeted at women with disabilities , including training for counselors and advocates which includes discussions of the unique axes of oppression experienced by disabled women .
There needs to be a greater awareness of the fact that trans women are even more likely to experience intimate partner violence in their relationships , and that abusers often target disabled trans women .
There needs to be a recognition of the fact that , for abusers , disabled women make a particularly appealing target .
Is your local domestic violence center accessible ?
Is it trans - inclusive ?
Does it focus on heterosexual relationships , or does it recognize that abuse can occur in a broad spectrum of relationships ?
Does it specifically offer disability services ?
Does it respect neurodiversity ?
Do representatives of disability services in your community know how to look for the signs of domestic violence and receive training in intervention ?
What is your community doing for disabled women experiencing domestic violence ?
The feminist community at large has made domestic violence an important issue , but what is it doing for disabled women ?
Says Michael Hirschorn : " If women did n't want these shows , they would n't get made . "
Advertisement
That 's Michael Hirschorn , mastermind behind reality shows like Flavor Of Love , Paris Hilton 's My New BFF , Gone Too Far , TI 's Road to Redemption , A Shot Of Love With Tila Tequila , and Celebrity Rehab .
He agreed to sit down for an evening to talk about what it all means , in particular for the ladies .
( Whiskey was involved ) .
It 's a line of questioning to which few in his business have been willing to submit .
But then , Hirschorn , who headed programming at VH1 in its golden age of celebreality and now has his own production company , Ish , says , " I do n't feel that the shows that we did at VH1 were particularly about female objectification , or a certain kind of female sexuality . "
Advertisement
On the other hand , the argument that these shows represent some sort of diverse and multilayered portrait of female sexuality is one even Hirschorn is n't trying to make – not that he thinks that 's his job , or that of the business in general .
( " Entertainment is not supposed to give us our moral values , " he says .
" It 's supposed to make life livable . " )
Not long ago , an op - ed in The Los Angeles Times criticized the women of reality shows , where " dancing like a stripper and decking costars are the encouraged routes to landing one 's dream guy . "
The author , David Kronke , said he was n't able to get any of the producers or channels responsible for such shows on the phone .
And in any case , it was easier to blame the ( female ) cast members for their exhibitionism and its purportedly corrosive effect on society — rather than say , the producers .
Or those of us who watch .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
By then , I 'd already sat down for a couple of hours with Hirschorn , whose peculiar role in the business is both as participant and on - the - record observer .
A graduate of Harvard and Columbia , he began in magazines ( Esquire , New York ) and founded a dot - com boom - era startup ; until recently , he wrote a media column for The Atlantic .
At VH1 , Hirschorn helped invent television 's ironic - nostalgic approach to pop culture , seen in shows like Best Week Ever and I Love The Eighties .
On his watch , celebreality became a wildly profitable and signature genre at VH1 , starting with " The Surreal Life " ( " really I Love The Eighties as a reality show , " he says ) .
Advertisement
" I think my whole career I struggled with reconciling those two sides — you know , the kind of grad school side with the Flava Flav side , " he says , when pressed .
" I definitely do n't look down on it .
I own them both , but I do n't know how to put them together . "
In fact , the way they 've come together onscreen looks a lot like the average educated viewer 's consumption of shows like Hirschorn 's – there is some talk about farcical send - up ( Flavor Of Love , he says , was a parody of The Bachelor — a " commentary ... on the transactional nature of erotic relationships " ) , but the line between mockery and full embrace of what was once shamefacedly regarded as trash is sometimes hard to find .
If there still is one .
Which brings us back to what women want ... from television .
" I 've tended to be more successful with coming up with stuff that women want to watch more than men for whatever reason , " Hirschorn says .
" I grew up entirely around women so I 'm always attuned to female reactions more than male reactions . "
Advertisement
But then , most reality show audiences , including those for Hirschorn 's shows , are overwhelmingly female .
" I think generally , culturally it 's harder to figure out what men want because what they want is still kind of basic , " says Hirschorn .
" It 's like , porn money porn .
So to come up with some general entertainment for men would be hard … .
Especially in reality .
There 's not that many reality shows that men like . "
( As for what men do want to watch , he offers The Apprentice and Jackass as examples . )
So let 's say television has figured out what women like to watch .
Here 's the promo for the second season of Flavor of Love , which broke basic cable records at the time with 7.5 million viewers for its season finale .
It 's part of a now - familiar parade of the shrewish , the pneumatic , the hot - tub - wriggling , and the money - grubbing .
( If you 're been in hiding for the past decade , there 's a convenient breakdown here . )
Advertisement
" That sort of soft - porn female sexuality is something that women manifestly want to watch , " Hirschorn argues .
" And back when we would do like , you know , The Hundred Hottest Hotties , no men would watch that . "
I ask him if the shows are n't still overwhelmingly produced by men .
Probably , Hirschorn says , but , he insists , it 's not that relevant : " The thing about being a really commercial medium is that you are in a direct feedback loop .
You get ratings right away , you respond accordingly . "
Advertisement
It seems like a good moment to bring up Ariel Levy 's Female Chauvinist Pigs , in which she wrote ,
" Women had come so far , I learned , we no longer needed to worry about objectification or misogyny .
Instead , it was time for us to join the frat party of pop culture , where men had been enjoying themselves all along .
If Male Chauvinist Pigs were men who regarded women as pieces of meat , we would outdo them and be Female Chauvinist Pigs : women who make sex objects of other women and of ourselves . "
Advertisement
Of course , Levy is ultimately critical of that reasoning , but Hirschorn is among those who looks at these images and behaviors and sees something liberating .
" I think that hypersexualization was also a response to women feeling equal if not superior , " he says .
" Women felt liberated to do whatever they wanted to , to flaunt themselves however they wanted to , and that a certain kind of fear was gone . "
He compares it to hip hop lyrics in the 90s , which for him " felt liberating , and I found it notable that it felt liberating for a lot of women , too … I grew up it being a given that women were victims and men were aggressors , so women could embrace this music .
So that that felt to me like that was a victory .
And that 's what the women were celebrating — no longer being victims .
It did n't threaten them . "
Advertisement
This kind of liberation takes place on a stage almost exclusively reached by successfully acting out what , it is thought , men want – an image still mostly sold by men and bought by women .
But Hirschorn wants to say that this is a phenomenon that does n't discriminate by gender , that these characters are just part of the overall story of reality television :
The shows refract extreme behavior to viewers who do n't necessarily see them as a prescription for living , but rather as a first entertaining , and then ultimately cathartic , experience that draws boundaries between them and the " characters . "
Nancy Franklin made a similar argument in this week 's New Yorker review of Jersey Shore :
Our ability to take any pleasure , or even interest , in shows like this — in which participants are depicted as energetic but essentially aimless , oblivious of their own deficits , and delusional about their attractiveness and their importance in the world — hinges not on our ability to identify with them but on our ability to distinguish ourselves from them .
Unless the show manages to make us feel as though we were anthropologists secretly observing a new tribe through a break in the trees , it has n't done its job .
[ With Jersey Shore ] , MTV … can give itself a pat on the back for enabling viewers to feel superior to at least eight other people .
Advertisement
Or , as Hirschorn puts it , " If more people in reality were ideal , we would n't watch them because it would n't provide the function that reality serves , which I think is a really visceral one , which is the desire to look at other people and judge them . "
He adds , " The people most successful on reality shows are not necessarily the most attractive , but they are the most emotionally naked .
And with that comes the kind of exhibitionism , the emotional exhibitionism , the sexual exhibitionism , that if you look at in the cold light of day , you can take a lot of issue with it , and you can criticize . "
Advertisement
Given the proven record of extreme behavior , nuance of any kind can be a hard sell .
Says Hirschorn , " We did a show with incredibly brilliant design students , like shockingly brilliant design students , who were very unconventional and surprising and bohemian , and gay and straight and male and female , not even remotely sexualized .
And we were not able to sell that …
And there 's a show we 're developing now in the fashion world , and the guy is unbelievably talented , unbelievably good looking , but he 's nice and normal .
In the couple weeks we 've had , I 've actually had to apologize in front of him for how normal he is . "
If this guy , whoever he is , is anything like his successful peers in the space , he 'll shape up and act out -– these days , potential subjects ( previously famous and otherwise ) willingly self - produce , as daily life becomes a public , recorded performance even for the reality - indifferent .
Advertisement
" I think the conventional wisdom is that there 's the evil reality TV producers who are manipulating everything , and there 's probably a little bit of truth to that , " says Hirschorn .
" But I think the reality , so to speak , is that …we just have our nets out and we 're catching a lot of dolphins .
People are really crazed and obsessed with fame , fans , and that kind of validation , and they 'll do anything . "
Of course , for the women of reality TV , " anything , " follows a particular script , and as long as shimmying , spitting , and slapping will make you famous , volunteers will abound .
And Hirschorn does n't necessarily object .
" I do n't think society 's broken , " he says .
" I do n't think it needs to be fixed … .
Like all successful populist creative forms , reality does n't really care about quality .
It 's a kind of mongrel medium .
And it has bad values and it has good values .
And some of it is good , and some of it is just absolutely horrible .
But that 's part of a creative turn that I think ultimately will lead toward something that is constructive . "
Advertisement
I tell him that when I mentioned the interview to a mutual acquaintance , the prompt response was that Hirschorn must hate himself .
He shrugs it off — he sees his career as a response to a " haute - bourgeois " Manhattan upbringing in which he was n't allowed to watch television — but does say that there are " moments " where he stops and considers things to have gone " too far . "
Such as ?
" I had a moment two days ago where I woke up and I said , ' I should really do a show called Mistress House , where all of Tiger Woods ' mistresses get in a house together …I sent all the people I work with emails saying ‘ Tell me not to do this ' .
I said , ' I do n't really want to be that guy . ' "
Advertisement
This being television , someone else is perfectly willing to be that guy .
Achieving Steve Jobs ' long - held dream of creating a tablet device as cool and useful as the one we 've seen for years on science fiction shows now appears to be a dream realized , in the form of the iPad .
Ironically , the iPad makes the iPhone -- Apple 's game - changing technology of 2007 , whose impact still reverberates through the wireless , mobile , and computing industries -- obsolete .
And as the iPhone fades away as a short - lived marvel , so too will disappear the mobile Web .
Think about it :
The iPad does all the neat stuff of the iPhone ( OK , except for the camera ) , and it does so with a big screen that allows even richer applications and more compelling media experiences .
It also works as a laptop replacement for the kind of basic work we do most of the time when we 're on the road : working with email , Web pages , and Web forms ; creating and editing documents , spreadsheets , and presentations ; catching up on our reading ; and handling work tasks like order entry that today 's iPhone apps only hint at .
The iPhone is a bad phone and a brilliant but now - old - school media device
The iPad does n't make or receive calls .
So what ?
Face it :
As cool as it is to use an iPhone to surf the Web , check e-mail , play games , and run apps , it 'll be cooler and more productive on an iPad .
And since everyone seems to hate AT&T 's phone coverage ( it 's always sucked in San Francisco , where I live , years before AT&T began blaming the iPhone users for its inadequate network ) and have been frustrated with the iPhone 's own phone - calling flaws -- everyone will be able to have their cake and eat it too : reliable phone service from someone else , and compelling data services over Wi-Fi and maybe one day even over AT&T's 3G network on the iPad .
So you 'll gravitate very quickly away from the iPhone 's once - groundbreaking capabilities and do them on your iPad .
That turns your iPhone into just a phone -- but you wo n't pay AT&T $ 30 per month for that soon - to - be- occasional usage once you 're paying $ 15 or $ 30 per month for 3G connectivity for your iPad .
I suspect most iPhone users wo n't renew their current data service plans with AT&T when they expire .
They will instead get a cheap , reliable regular phone -- and wo n't miss the iPhone .
The good news :
That iPhone then becomes an iPod Touch with a camera , probably taking the place of one of your iPods .
After all , there are some occasions when the smaller form factor is handy , such as on a crowded train or bus , for a quick check of your tip calculation at a restaurant , or checking your grocery list at the store .
And if you have an iPod Touch , you 'll likely keep using it as an über - iPod supplement to your iPad -- and be relieved it was a lot cheaper than an iPhone would have been .
You may think I 'm nuts to expect such a dramatic change in the iPhone 's position .
But I 'm serious .
It was only three years ago that the iPhone up - ended the mobile market , making once - vaunted devices like the BlackBerry suddenly look like creaky old DOS systems .
Why there 's no longer a need for the mobile Web
But consider how quickly the iPhone changed the paradigm for the Web and for smartphones .
I believe the iPad will have just as dramatic and short - term effects .
Only this time , it 's the iPhone that will look out of date .
And forget about the wannabes like the Palm Pre and the various Android devices .
They 're walking dead now .
When it was unveiled in early 2007 , the iPhone was about the Web and messaging -- there were no apps , and Jobs even said there was no need for any , that HTML and JavaScript were enough .
Just as suddenly , the mobile Web was born , with sites optimized for display and interaction on the iPhone 's screen .
Windows Mobile and the BlackBerry had been around for a decade , yet there was no mobile Web until the iPhone .
Today , many sites have mobile - friendly versions , and there are companies that " mobiize " Websites as their business .
The Pre and the Droid have hitched a ride on the mobile Web bandwagon , but the iPhone created it -- and fast .
The other day we noted that it was seemingly impossible for any Religious Right figure to be deemed so radical that Republican members of Congress would decline to appear at events with them , highlighting the fact that the American Family Association ’s militantly anti-gay Director of Issue Analysis for Government and Public Policy , Bryan Fischer , was being featured in a Family Research Council hosted health care webcast along with Rep. Tom Price , ( R - GA ) , Rep. Mike Pence ( R- IN ) , and Rep. Michele Bachmann ( R - MN ) .
The event aired earlier this week and , as it turned out , Fischer was n’t even the most radical person involved as that honor went to Virginia Delegate Bob Marshall :
Last month , Marshall made news by declaring during an anti-Planned Parenthood press conference that disabled children are God ’s punishment for abortion and then asserting that he had never said anything of the sort .
I did n’t bother grabbing any of the video of Fischer or Marshall because , frankly , they did n’t say anything particularly interesting , with both insisting that health care reform is unconstitutional .
But what was interesting was the fact that Fischer and Marshall were featured together in the webcast and their appearance was sandwiched in between Rep. Mike Pence and Sen. David Vitter .
In short , today ’s conservative movement consists of right - wing leaders who think gays should be treated like criminals and that God punishes women who ’ve had abortions with disabled children … and high - profile Republican members of Congress .
Health is n’t often a leading topic among conversations between website developers .
Tech and health do n’t always mesh — sometimes they do — though health has a way of affecting every aspect of our lives .
If you feel bad you wo n’t tackle problems as well and your designs will reflect your mood .
Sure , every professional would like to think they ’re above such influence but the truth is we ’re just a bunch of animals .
This article is all about sharing some valuable health tips to help keep your website design company up - and - running by helping you be the best version of your self .
Good Health is Not Easy
Feeling good is only easy for those among us that do it by default .
For those whose first response is fatigue , negativity , or chronic illness there ’s an uphill battle ahead .
Making a conscious effort to take steps to improve one ’s health is the only way by which anything meaningful will ever be accomplished .
No one ’s going to do it for you .
We ’re no doctors here at DesignOra but we all have an interest in performing our best on the job .
Taking steps to ensure our health is as good as it can help us maintain our edge when it comes to landing new clients , nailing our projects , and coming up with creative solutions to difficult problems .
After all , no one ’s going to redefine their design approach when they feel like shit .
Exercise Every Day
Exercise continues to be the simplest and most substantiated benefit for human health .
Our ancestors passed the time by running dozens of miles , hunting fierce predators , and rarely sitting down for a break .
In fact , sitting at a desk ( or even standing at a desk ) is n’t what the human body and mind have evolved to accel at .
Being in a moving environment not only helps signal our bodies to release the hormones we need to feel good but it also helps modulate our immune system .
Our brains do better when given dynamic situations to navigate and draw relevance from .
If a new concept is learned within the context of something easy to remember chances are you ’ll learn it more completely .
Crawl before you walk and walk before you run .
No need to start powerlifting on day one .
Walking 15 - 30 minutes each day is a great first step .
Get Quality Sleep
Pushing the boundary of one ’s wakefulness to finish up a last - minute revision on a project already past its deadline is a common part of web design .
Staying up all night ( and waking up first thing in the morning ) is considered a rite of passage for most but it takes its toll .
Sleep deprivation is one of the strongest correlating factors with all major disease ( right after exercise ! )
If you ’re not getting enough sleep you ’re doing yourself a disservice .
Putting in 8 horizontal hours each night is n’t guaranteed to cover your ass though .
Quality is as important as quantity when it comes to sleep and if you ’re sleeping poorly it does n’t matter how long you ’re down for .
I recently helped redesign a website that features lots of mattress reviews .
My first impression was to be mesmerized by how many different types of mattresses there are out there .
My second impression was that one can buy a quality mattress without taking out a loan these days .
Not only can you visit their website to get a nice example of modern website design but also get some quality mattress recommendations !
Eat Good Food
Fad diets are n’t something that you should pay attention to .
Anyone offering you a way to lose X pounds in X days is blowing smoke up your ass and deserves to be force - fed a tub of butter .
Assessing your overall nutrition is something that can make a difference though .
If you eat fast food , frozen food , preserved food , or just about any food ordered from chain takeouts there ’s a big chance that you ’re not getting the nutrition you need .
Hiring a nutritionist to help you build a customized dietary plan is a great idea but not affordable for everyone out there .
Instead , I like to follow a few simple rules :
Eat organic when possible Cook your own food Balance your macros ( carbs , fats , protein )
That ’s not too hard , right ?
There ’s an infinite degree of complexity one can introduce to their diet but these simple guidelines can make a world of difference .
Cutting out processed foods , eating whole foods ( things you buy in the grain , produce , and meat section at the grocery store ) can have a tremendous impact on your cognitive and physical health .
Live a Balanced Lifestyle
There ’s not much scientific language to frame this one with .
Just imagine I ’m putting on my Zen- Master robe as I write .
Web development , software engineering , and any discipline that involves nuanced problem solving take a lot of mental effort .
In our fields , there are strong incentives to devote oneself to seeing the world primarily from the mental perspective .
It ’s easy to forget to assess situations based on the physical sensations you feel or your emotional perception when you have to think all day .
It ’s a force of habit ; akin to muscle memory ( mind memory ? ! )
Recognizing that one needs to have physical and emotional experiences each day to support their mental ones is easier said than done .
The first tip I can offer is to consider your exercise a physical task .
Do n’t spend your whole time at the gym thinking about your deadline or how late your client is on paying their last bill .
Focus on how the fibers of your muscles feel , how the air feels in your lungs , and how the ground feels beneath your feet .
Check out , and give yourself permission to do so .
Laughter is Good Medicine
Laughter might not cure cancer but it damn sure helps lower the risk of chronic health issues .
The human immune system is comprised of ( among many other things ) receptors for a class of compounds known as Enkephalins .
Among them are the feel - good compounds we call Endorphins that get released when we laugh , exercise , have sex or do some types of drugs .
These compounds are our bodies ’ way of signaling to us that we ’re doing something good !
Chronic and regular release of these compounds has been shown to have a modulatory effect on the human immune system so much so that synthetic mimetics are used to treat a varying number of diseases .
Common drugs used to treat opioid addiction ( opioids are very similar to endorphins ) are often used as general immune - boosting therapies for patients with conditions unresponsive to conventional care .
Laughing and feeling good is one of the two best ways to help ensure your body stays in tip - top shape !
Final Thoughts
We are n’t doctors and are n’t giving medical advise ( our lawyer would be happy that we ’ve said that ! )
This article is only meant to help bring some attention to how important health is in everything we do .
That includes website development !
By taking effective steps towards feeling better you will , without doubt , end up being a better designer .
There is no scenario in which you are healthier in which you do n’t become more capable — even if it makes you realize you hate web design .
I mean , let ’s be honest ; sometimes at 2 am , I feel like I ’m torturing myself on purpose .
One email .
Could .
Stop. It. All . Clients .
Hate .
SHIT .
Seriously though , live a healthy life and you ’ll find that happiness might not be far behind !
Joann Bruso , author of Baby Bites – Transforming A Picky Eater Into A Healthy Eater Book , a book on getting kids to overcome picky eating habits , has been blogging the half - life of a McDonald 's Happy Meal that she bought a year ago .
In the intervening year , the box of delight , plastic toys and food - like substances has experienced virtually no decay .
NOPE , no worries at all .
My Happy Meal is one year old today and it looks pretty good .
It NEVER smelled bad .
The food did NOT decompose .
It did NOT get moldy , at all .
This morning , I took it off my shelf to take a birthday photo .
The first year is always a milestone .
I gave it one of my world famous nonna hugs as we 've been office mates for a year now !
( Okay , maybe my sanity is in question . )
This year our Star Wars Modern poster series was recognized for excellence by both the One Show and Communication Arts .
In May we were awarded the coveted One Show Pencil at the annual ceremony in New York City .
A One Show Pencil is the highest honor in the field of advertising and design .
This year there were over 20,000 entries from 65 different countries , so we were beyond thrilled to receive the award .
The project was also selected for the Communication Arts Design Annual 57 which is the most exclusive major design competition in the world .
Out of 4,228 entries only 161 projects were chosen for reproduction in the publication , which boasts the largest international circulation of any trade journal on visual communication .
We are honored to be included in this year ’s annual .
Limited edition posters are available here .
You must be signed in to access this part of the community .
Moscow , Russia ( CNN ) --
Ivan Martynushkin is a rare surviving witness to the horrors of the Holocaust , and only one of a handful still living who liberated the Nazi death camp at Auschwitz .
But the 86 - year - old remembers the events of January 27 , 1945 with great clarity .
As the former lieutenant in the Soviet army told me about the atrocities he witnessed , it was clear how precious his memories were .
" We saw emaciated , tortured , impoverished people , " he recalled .
" Those were the people I first encountered ...
We could tell from their eyes that they were happy to be saved from this hell .
Happy that now they were n't threatened by death in a crematorium .
Happy to be freed .
And we had the feeling of doing a good deed -- liberating these people from this hell . "
As the Soviets approached the Auschwitz concentration camp complex , in occupied Poland , in mid-January 1945 , Nazi SS officers forced nearly 60,000 prisoners to march west .
About 7,000 too weak or sick to move stayed behind .
In total , historians say more than 1 million Jews , Gypsies , Soviet prisoners of war and Poles were murdered there .
Russian Federal Security Services archives place the figure even higher , saying Nazis killed more than 4 million at Auschwitz .
Despite the hardships and horrors he experienced , Martynushkin was matter of fact as he spoke .
He said he got used to it .
Auschwitz was just one of many prison camps he liberated as the Soviet army marched through Ukraine and Poland , pushing back Nazi forces .
Martynushkin was just focused on fighting the war .
" No matter how miserable and tragic it all was , we are a fighting military troop .
I am a soldier !
I can't give in to feelings every single time , " he said , emphatically .
" But what did I feel when I saw these people in the camp ?
I felt compassion and pity understanding how these people 's fate unfolded .
Because I could have ended up in the same situation .
I fought in the Soviet army .
I could have been taken prisoner and they could have also thrown me into the camp . "
About 15,000 Soviet army POWs were murdered at Auschwitz , according to the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum .
Martynushkin says in the days leading up to the liberation , several hundred of his comrades died .
In all , about 600,000 Soviet soldiers died liberating Poland from the Nazis , according to Kremlin figures .
Recently in Russia , officials including President Dmitry Medvedev have defended the Soviet Union 's role in World War II after the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe passed a resolution that , in Medvedev 's words , " grouped together Germany and the Soviet Union , pronouncing them to be equally responsible for World War II . "
Martynushkin believes these types of discussions have led people to forget the point of the war .
He believes the main point was " the life of entire peoples were put at stake .
They ( the Nazis ) were supposed to wipe out Jews , Slavs , the Russian civilization -- their culture and everything .
This was what encompassed the Nazi New Order .
And the camp at Auschwitz is a sinister symbol that reminds people what awaited mankind .
This is what the victory of the Soviet Red Army with its allies over fascism means . "
During an event in Krakow , Poland , commemorating the 60th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz , the then - Russian President Vladimir Putin awarded Martynushkin with a special medal for his role in history .
Addressing Martynushkin and other veterans at the ceremony , Putin emphasized how harrowing the experience was for those who fought .
" While some people today may have the impression that Soviet troops got here quite easily , opened the gates and said ' hello , ' it was not like this at all .
" Life was completely different .
At every kilometer , at every meter our troops faced fierce resistance from the enemy , and lost their comrades -- they lost them to save the lives of other people .
And thousands of Russians and Ukrainians , ( and ) thousands of Jews who were saved by you , I am simply certain , will never forget this .
Just as we , the generations that came after you , will not forget . "
But Martynushkin does n't consider himself a hero .
He says he was just doing his job .
This post is part of a series on event - driven programming .
The complete series is :
Over the last few articles , I ’ve covered a few of the evented programming patterns I use most often .
It ’s by no means an exhaustive account but there ’s plenty of mileage in these simple techniques .
Applying them can lead you to highly modular , flexible and responsive software .
A quick recap of what we ’ve seen so far :
Observable objects : use these when you want changes in one object to have side - effects elsewhere without hard - coding those side - effects into the object , or when you want to provide extension points for an object ’s behaviour .
Event listeners may fire any number of times .
: use these when you want changes in one object to have side - effects elsewhere without hard - coding those side - effects into the object , or when you want to provide extension points for an object ’s behaviour .
Event listeners may fire any number of times .
Deferrable values : use these when multiple components need to wait for some work to complete or for some condition to hold before proceeding with their work .
This pattern requires careful consideration of state , and each listener should fire exactly once .
: use these when multiple components need to wait for some work to complete or for some condition to hold before proceeding with their work .
This pattern requires careful consideration of state , and each listener should fire exactly once .
Asynchronous methods : use these when you want to free up a method ’s implementation to be non-blocking .
Instead of returning a value immediately , the method takes a continuation that is invoked when the data it needs is ready .
These cover at least 90 % of my async programming habbits when writing GUIs , and Faye ( a non-blocking Bayeux client / server library ) uses all three patterns extensively .
Which brings me to my next point : though I ’ve been doing all these articles with JavaScript , the patterns are not JavaScript - specific .
JavaScript is a great language for this sort of work , which is one reason Node .js is so great , but really any language with first - class functions and lexical closures should be a good tool here .
For example , two of the patterns I ’ve talked about exist in Ruby as Observable , Eventful and EM :: Deferrable .
In the Python world there ’s Twisted , though I ’m afraid that ’s all I can tell you about it .
And it should go without saying that any halfway decent Lisp should be good at this sort of thing .
If you want to get started with evented Ruby you should really take a look at EventMachine and its various contributed gems .
Ruby is a more complex language than JavaScript , especially with regard to function - like objects and its scoping rules , and personally I do n’t find it as nice as JavaScript for event - driven work .
It ’s close , just not quite as good .
To make up for criticising his screencast the other day I ’m going to point you to Yehuda Katz on Ruby blocks and callables – both are required reading for working with functional Ruby .
To round off the series , I ’m going to cover some general concerns when working with event - driven code .
These apply to all the patterns I ’ve covered ; I left them out of the original articles partly so as not to repeat myself and partly so as not to obscure the core ideas being presented .
First , and I can’t stress this enough : you need to be very careful about state .
In JavaScript you do n’t have thread safety to worry about , but the fact remains that when you bundle up a section of code as a callback function , that code could potentially run at any time in the future .
If there ’s high latency in your async I/O , or if an event fires when you were n’t expecting it , your callback function needs to make sure that what it ’s going to do still makes sense when it eventually gets called .
For example , if you ’re going to update a DOM element , does that element still exist ?
Apply a little paranoia and you ’ll be fine .
Second , and I mentioned this in a previous post : make sure that you never write two callback functions that depend on each other .
Relying on execution order means you ’re very tightly coupling your code to the implementation of whatever event scheduler is managing your application , be it the browser runtime , the EventMachine loop , etc .
Callbacks should be independent , atomic units of code that will behave sanely no matter when they execute .
Remember : async code means you have no idea when a block of code will actually run , so do n’t make any silly asumptions .
The example I gave before was of two callbacks for the same event , one of which sets a value that the other is expected to use :
$ ( " ul.tabs " ) . bind ( " change " , function ( e ) { //
Set a value $ ( this ) . attr ( " selected " , e . target ) ; } ) ; $ ( " ul.tabs " ) . bind ( " change " , function ( ) { //
Use the value $ ( this ) . attr ( " selected " ) . show ( ) ; } ) ;
If you see code like this , consider refactoring into a single cohesive callback or find another way to decouple the event handlers .
Third it ’s worth mentioning error handling .
When you implement a callback system , your methods are going to be calling functions from other parts of your application , or even third party code .
If one of the callbacks in a list throws an exception , you do n’t want that to block execution of the other callbacks or of the rest of your method .
Dean Edwards wrote about this last year , though his post specifically deals with using the DOM to dispatch events since it handles errors gracefully .
Exactly how you deal with errors will depend on your app : you might not want to catch them , you might want to catch and log them , you might want to do some automatic recovery , but the important thing is you need to make a decision one way or another .
In JavaScript , you have several options .
If you ’re client - side , you can use the DOM as described in Dean ’s article , you can use try / catch or you can use setTimeout ( ) to schedule each callback asynchronously so it wo n’t block the others if it fails .
Here ’s a couple of examples of how you ’d modify your dispatch loop ; listeners is an array of [ callback , scope ] tuples .
// Catch errors and log them with Firebug for ( var i = 0 , n = listeners .
length ; i < n ; i ++ ) { try { listeners [ i ] [ 0 ]. call ( listeners [ i ] [ 1 ] ) ; } catch ( e ) { if ( window .
console ) console .
error ( e ) ; } } //
Use setTimeout for async scheduling for ( var i = 0 , n = listeners .
length ; i < n ; i ++ ) ( function ( x ) { setTimeout ( function ( ) { listeners [ x ] [ 0 ]. call ( listeners [ x ] [ 1 ] ) ; } , 0 ) ; } ) ( i ) ;
The setTimeout ( ) illustrates the point about keeping your listeners independent – if events are dispatched asynchronously you ’ve got even less of a guarantee about execution order .
Most event systems do execute callbacks in sequence but there ’s nothing to say they could n’t execute them out of sequence or in parallel .
It also shows how in some situations you ’ll need an extra closure ; in this example we use a closure to fix x to the value of i for that iteration , because if we did n’t do that the asynchronously dispatched function would use the value of i from the end of the loop every time it was called .
Did I mention you should be careful with state ?
The Recommendation Quote from Franz Nicolay : “ American Music Club is the band that most shaped my idea of the kind of record I wanted to make .
In addition to what has said about them many times , I think they ’re an interesting object in lesson in the elusive chemistry of particular individuals .
Despite the overwhelming ( legitimate ) focus on singer and primary songwriter Mark Eitzel , listening to his solo records and then listening to an AMC album can be like going from black and white to Technicolor .
Plenty has been said about Eitzel as a songwriter and performer – I taught myself to play guitar and sing , in part , to his songs , particularly the acoustic record “ Songs Of Love Live ” – but not nearly enough about the unique skills of the rest of the band : Danny Pearson ’s high - lonesome vocal harmonies ; particular way with a pedal - tone bass part that still manages to feel like a moving line ; non -root - note lines , and habit of leaving out the downbeat , making an already - skeletal arrangement feel spookily abandoned ( “ What Godzilla Said To God… ” , “ Dallas , Airports , Bodybags ” ) Drummer Tim Mooney ’s ride - and - brushes jazz touch and way of laying behind even the drowsiest waltz time ( and AMC ’s best songs are almost always in three ) .
Bruce Kaphan ’s closed - fist piano clusters and spread - voiced dissonances ( which mirror Eitzel ’s own unusual guitar voicings ) and lushly melodic pedal steel , which give the band an widescreen texture even without the string sections of “ Johnny Mathis ’ Feet ” and cathedral reverb of “ Everclear . ”
And sui -generis guitar savant Vudi , switching on a moment ’s notice from clean country licks to cloudy , exploding amp noise and spiralling feedback ( he toured as a member of the Swans after AMC ’s breakup ) . ”
More on : American Music Club
New to American Music Club ?
Start here : Mercury was their first major - label record , was the first I heard , and is the one I return to .
Some people will tell you that it was the “ wrong time to make their arty record , ” and that if they ’d made a record that sounded just like California or Everclear that they ’d ’ve been a huge success .
I find it hard to believe that anyone expected them to sell half a million records to begin with , and that in their misplaced expectations those people miss the fact that the band made the album of their lives : intimate , claustrophobic , anthemic , foggy , warm and heartsick .
Buy the Album Here :
Mercury
More about our guest author , Franz Nicolay : Editor ’s note : Franz Nicolay , the former multi-instrumentalist for The Hold Steady is now a solo act with one solo record behind him and a very busy 2010 ahead .
First up is the release of his book of short stories , Complicated Gardening Techniques ( pre-order here ) .
Next is the release of Fight Dirty , an album that is a collaboration between Nicolay ’s gypsy - punk unit , Guignol and Mischief Brew .
Order that cassette ( yes , I said cassette ) / digital download here .
And , oh yeah , Franz is on tour and is coming to a town near you .
Check the tour dates .
Top Bottom Last Post vedrisha Male , 18 - 29
Europe
Joined : 10 yrs , 8 mos ago
76 Posts
When i first saw this gallery it was so funny that I tough that I 'll piss in my pants .
DarkeRaven Female , 13-17
Southern US
Joined : 11 yrs , 3 mos ago
310 Posts wow !!!
That 's was so stupid !!
lolololol !!
JUST1N Male , 18 - 29
Western US
Joined : 11 yrs , 4 mos ago
471 Posts LOL at wedding cake MetalicDemon Male , 18 - 29
Europe
Joined : 13 yrs , 7 mos ago
596 Posts lol , stupid rednecks mysocks Female , 18 - 29
Western US
Joined : 14 yrs , 9 mos ago
30,487 Posts if you drink Natty Light while driving , you 're probably a redneck regardless of anything taped to your face .
marshman11 Male , 18 - 29
Eastern US
Joined : 11 yrs , 5 mos ago
4,941 Posts
if you drink Natty Light while driving , you 're probably a redneck regardless of anything taped to your face .
Agreed Agreed imfinaly14 Male , 18 - 29
Midwest US
Joined : 10 yrs , 11 mos ago
685 Posts haha nice .
I like the hands free cellular device and the wedding cake best XD although the hottub was n't too bad either .
Avery Female , 18-29
Southern US
Joined : 16 yrs , 10 mos ago
378 Posts I liked the wedding cake and the boat .
jjlover 1251 Male , 13-17
Eastern US
Joined : 10 yrs , 11 mos ago
151 Posts this sucked
except the cake
i want it itakequiz Male , 13 - 17
Southern US
Joined : 11 yrs ago
282 Posts I liked the " plasma tv screen "
the " swing set "
the cake
and the boat Electric Male , 18 - 29
Western US
Joined : 19 yrs , 2 mos ago
123,778 Posts i want the wedding cake and swing set scare Male , 18 - 29
Midwest US
Joined : 10 yrs , 7 mos ago
11 Posts omg thats stupid marc780 Male , 40 - 49
Western US
Joined : 17 yrs , 10 mos ago
2,881 Posts hot dayam , that was some cool shet Top
Here ’s a comic despite
Tony making an appointment to get shot by some dude while Wes ’ entire body turned green .
Girls and Old Car Advertisements
It seems that hot girls and cars have always been together .
While it is a fact that nice girls just love nice cars , it is also clear that selling a car withougt some hot girl on its ad prints is not an easy task .
These advertisements made when cars were luxury goods prove just that .
favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite
Thanks for not showing any of the good parts of what happened , that would give the realists and logical folks ammunition and we sure do n't want them to have any more " convenient " facts to prove us wrong .
Let 's go against our gut feeling and what are brains are screaming and just embrace our enemies .
It is the US that kills women who try to annul a marriage they were forced into at 9 years old , like one of mohameds wives .
It is the US that flew those planes into the trade center and pentagon .
It was the US who went against numerous UN articles and demands for weapons inspections .
It is the US that went against the dozens of countries that went along with us ...?
It is the US that will execute you from changing your religion .
It is the US that will punish a rape victim more than the rapist .
It is the US that cuts the clitori off of girls and forces them into hiding their face .
It is the US that denies woman the right to vote , drive , go to school , show their faces , testify in court , run for vice president , etc .
It is the US that forbids other religions from setting up synagogs , mosques , churches and obama style greek temples ...
I mean just look around ?
Do you see any diverse races , religions or ethnicites freely working on the american dream ?
I thougt so .
It was the US that took those iranian hostages in 1979 .
It was the US that chants death to isreal , death to christians , death to jews , death to the UK .
It is the US that is trying to instill sharia law in europe and erase a vibrant culture in exchange for a midevil tyranny .
It is the US that is out to prohibit music , moving pictures , haram books , pork products , coed chit chat , valentines day cards , video games , sculptures , ancient buddhist statues , various limbs , etc .
It is the US that bombed pearl harbor .
It is the US that started aids to be racist .
It is the US that denies food aid to tsunami victims , earthquake victims , flood victims , famine victims , etc .
It is the US that forced the horrible post war conditions on Japan and Germany that turned them into the cesspools of failed culture they are today .
It is the US that has had the power to wipe out the entire planet and just sat there trying to keep the peace , oops ... that did not happen , sorry .
It is the downright mean US that is so racist that a black candidate only has a 50 % shot in the polls .
It is the US that keep women from running for president , vp , congress , senate , governer , mayor , class president .
It is he US that makes up all the fiction about medicine , sanitation , famine relief , automation , capitalism , entrapeneurship and other lies to deceive the people it " helps " .
DOWN THE USA
GO INSURGENCY
WE ALSO WERE SECRETLY ROOTING FOR HITLER DURING WW2 BUT WE WERE NOT PROGRESSIVE ENOUGH TO ADMIT IT THEN .
Stop the empirical domination and forcefeeding of democracy and freedom on happily suppressed peasants worldwide .
- September 11 , 2008 Yes we are evil
 Seven Minutes of Wisdom to brighten your day , strengthen your walk , and enlighten your path as only The Powerhouse Ministry can do it ... providing milk for the babies and meat for those more mature .
Get your free subscription to Powerhouse Podcasts featuring Brotha DC on iTunes ...
Visit our podcast - only blog at powerpodcasts.blogspot.com
Because stopping the " Small Arms Treaty " will require a flood of grassroots outrage , I will immediately fill out the petition below to my Senators .
I 'm glad that the National Association for Gun Rights is standing up for my rights against gun grabbing one - worlders , and I will join you in this critical fight .
I agree !
The UN " Small Arms Treaty " is an unacceptable infringment on my right to keep and bear arms !
[ digg - reddit - me ]
The Wall Street Journal editorial board is following the exact playbook I predicted / described Republicans would take in dealing with the coming fiscal crisis .
During those times it had power since 1980 , the Republican Party has blown out the deficit while in office by increasing spending for their constituencies ( the elderly , big corporations , and the military ) while cutting taxes for the wealthy a lot and a bit for everyone else .
When out of office , the Republican Party has agitated for “ fiscal responsibility ” by which it apparently means protecting the status quo of spending while cutting taxes even more ( and until the aughts , it also included reducing spending on groups that were n’t part of the Republican base . )
This strategy was christened “ starve the beast ” – and it theoretically will culminate in the moment when government spending is so far above government revenue that no increase in taxes could make up for the difference .
Thus a generation in the future ( probably mine ) will need to suffer through increased taxes with minimal government assistance , discrediting the idea of effective government itself .
Bill Clinton responded when he was handed this mess by fixing the fiscal situation he was handed : shelving his proposed spending , reforming welfare , cutting the budget , and keeping taxes as they were .
( In fairness , George H. W. Bush also helped fix Reagan ’s fiscal irresponsibility . )
Obama proposes something different – to keep the economy growing , to “ bend the curve ” of health care spending , and with some of the fiscal pressure relieved , then to come to some “ grand bargain ” which will shore up our fiscal situation .
Looking at the politics of the moment , I predicted that the Republican Party ( of which the WSJ editorial board is a primary voice ) would want no part of any solutions .
They would respond to this challenge from Obama by passing off all the responsibility for the increases in taxes or cuts in spending onto the Democrats ( despite the facts shown in the graph below ) – and would strive to protect the status quo by defending the privileged position their constituencies have – all the while asserting that fiscal disaster is looming .
This is how the Wall Street Journal framed the issue :
Democrats are candid , at least in private , about the kind of the deal they have mind this time around .
Democrats would agree to means - test entitlements , which means that middle and upper - middle class ( i.e. , GOP ) voters would get less than they were promised …
In return , Republicans would agree to an increase in the top income tax rate to as high as 49 % and in addition to a new energy tax , a stock transaction tax , or value - added tax .
The Indians got a better deal for selling Manhattan .
New taxes will only reduce the pressure to cut future spending …
The Democrats will use a tax - and - spend commission to confront Republicans with the false choice between huge tax increases or fiscal disaster .
Republicans should respond with their own choice :
They ’ll agree to a deficit commission only if it takes tax increases off the table and forces all of Washington to confront the hard spending trade - offs between guns and butter , old and young , the poor and middle class , and social welfare and corporate welfare .
Otherwise , Democrats should be forced to defend and finance their own destructive fiscal choices .
[ my emphasis ]
To rephrase what the Journal is saying , “ We oppose any changes to the status quo that would hurt anyone who benefits now .
Therefore , we want no part of any solutions to the coming fiscal crisis .
But it ’s the Democrats fault ! ”
For the Journal , fiscal responsibility is cutting spending .
Yet they oppose cutting spending on “ middle and upper - middle class ( i.e. , GOP ) voters . ”
And they also have previously opposed cutting spending on the elderly and the military .
For the Republicans , responsible governance – where spending and revenue are matched – is irresponsible .
Given this ideological position , it ’s not surprising that what the WSJ is signaling that they would n’t mind spending cuts as long as the Democrats take responsibility for them and those who benefit from the status quo do n’t have to give up their privileged position .
The Republicans are determined to keep the status quo intact until it becomes unsustainable – and in the aftermath of that fiscal catastrophe , remake the nation by cutting back the role of government .
In contrast , the Democrats are committed to making the status quo into a sustainable system , while aiding those who are least privileged .
That ’s not even getting to the inaccuracies in the framing of the piece ( i.e. , the lies at the heart of it . )
Ezra Klein posted an excellent graph in response to this op - ed pointing out that the “ destructive fiscal choices ” the WSJ is attributing to the Democrats can be entirely placed on the Republicans .
Beyond the ten year time window in the graph , the entitlement spending budget explodes because of rapidly growing medical costs and an aging population – but that is exactly the rationale for health care reform that “ bends the curve ” that Democrats have been pushing and the Journal and Republican Party have opposed .
[ Image by kevindooley licensed under Creative Commons . ]
Like Loading ...
St. Catherines Island
[ Fig. 15 ]
While the interior of St. Catherines Island is not open to the general public , this important island needs to be described due to its ecological and historical significance .
By state law , all of Georgia 's barrier island beaches to the high tide line are open to the public , including St. Catherines .
During daylight hours , the public is allowed to use the beach for hiking , picnicking , or shelling to the high - tide line .
However , the interior of the island is off - limits to the public without permission .
The island is 10 miles long and ranges from 1 to 3 miles wide , with more than half of the island 's 14,640 acres composed of tidal marsh and wetland meadows and ponds .
The 6,780 acres of upland are densely forested , with pine and live oak being the predominant species .
More than 11 miles of beautiful , white sandy beaches wrap around the eastern side of the island .
Like most of the other islands on Georgia 's coast , St. Catherines has Pleistocene and Holocene segments , with the older , landward part possessing richer soils that support lush subtropical vegetation and the younger , beach section fronting the sea .
Where the two epochs meet at the northern end , a dramatic 25 - foot bluff is formed , which was used by Guale Indians as an observation point and may be the most unusual geologic feature on any of the Georgia barrier islands .
The island serves as an undisturbed habitat for osprey , and averages 119 sea turtle nests each year , trailing only Cumberland , Ossabaw , and Blackbeard islands in popularity with the endangered reptiles .
Owned by the St. Catherines Island Foundation , the island 's interior is operated for charitable , scientific , literary , and educational purposes .
The foundation aims to promote conservation of natural resources , the survival of endangered species , and the preservation of historic sites , and to expand human knowledge in the fields of ecology , botany , zoology , natural history , archaeology , and other scientific and educational disciplines .
In this capacity , the island serves as a refuge of last resort for endangered species from around the world .
It also has been the scene of innovative archeological work that has revealed much information about the mysterious Spanish mission period on the Georgia coast .
The island also hosts environmental research projects on a wide variety of subjects such as beach erosion , mating and flocking habits of certain birds , and behavior and population densities of native mammals , lizards , and insects .
The island has a variety of subtropical ecosystems that are naturally adapted to the management of endangered species from similar climates around the world , which has led to the establishment of the St. Catherines Island Wildlife Survival Center .
Begun in 1974 by the New York Zoological Society with a pilot project of 10 gemsboks in a 5 - acre pasture , the program has captively bred many exotic species of birds , mammals , and reptiles .
The island serves as a type of Noah 's Ark , where breeding colonies can be established to build up numbers of the rare animals , which are then returned to zoos or the wild .
Some of the animals that have been raised and protected on the island include Grevy 's zebras , ring - tailed lemurs , dama gazelles , St. Vincent parrots , rhinoceros hornbills , Aldabra tortoises ( a very rare tortoise related to the Galapagos tortoise ) , Florida sandhill cranes , and Jackson 's hartebeests .
More than 14 zoos participate in the program .
Today the island is dedicated to scientific research , but in earlier times it was the busy center of political activity on the Georgia coast .
Registered as a National Historic Landmark in 1970 , St. Catherines was a favorite hunting ground of Indians , and a settlement called Guale in the center of the island served as headquarters for their chief , also named Guale .
The Guale were the last in a long line of Indians stretching back 4,000 years that appreciated the island 's natural resources .
Here , the Spanish established a mission and garrison called Santa Catalina de Guale , from which the island takes its name .
Button Gwinnett , a signer of the Declaration of Independence , established a plantation on the island .
After the Civil War , the capital of a black separatist sea island kingdom was established here .
Most history books about Georgia begin the story with English Gen. James Edward Oglethorpe sailing up the Savannah River in 1733 .
This neglects the influence of the Spanish , who built missions on the Georgia coast 207 years before Oglethorpe ever sighted the barrier islands of Georgia .
The first mission was established by Lúcas Vásquez de Ayllón in 1526 , preceding St. Augustine by 39 years , Sir Walter Raleigh 's " lost colony " by 60 years , the English at Jamestown , Virginia by 81 years , and the Pilgrims ' landing on Plymouth Rock by 94 years .
The Ayllón mission failed within a year , and its exact location remains a mystery , but historians studying maps believe the location of the site was somewhere near St. Catherines and Sapelo islands .
Despite Ayllón 's failure , the Spanish under Pedro Menendez tried again in 1565 from their base at St. Augustine and succeeded in establishing missions across the Southeast and Florida , and at one time they had approximately 70 Franciscan missionaries serving 25,000 Indians at 38 missions in the Southeast .
In 1566 , Menendez explored the Georgia coast and met with an Indian chief named Guale on St. Catherines .
*** View an author 's note about the pronunciation of " Guale . "
During early European colonization , the Guale chiefdom extended from the mouth of the Ogeechee to the mouth of the Altamaha River and included the islands of Ossabaw , St. Catherines , and Sapelo .
The Guale spoke Muskogean .
A different chiefdom , the Timucuan - speaking Mocama , extended south of the Altamaha to the St. Johns River and inhabited St. Simons , Jekyll , and Cumberland islands .
For many years , writers have erroneously asserted that the Georgia coast was called Guale .
In truth , the coast was divided by two Indian chiefdoms and there was no original Indian name for the Georgia coast .
On St. Catherines , the Spanish established a mission , Santa Catalina de Guale , which in 1587 was the northernmost outpost of the Spanish Empire in America .
In the struggle for the New World , the English pushed south from Virginia and the Spanish pushed north from Florida , which made Georgia the frontline of the battle .
The area between Charleston , South Carolina and St. Augustine , Florida , was called " the debatable land " for the territorial dispute .
Georgia was not completely in English hands until Oglethorpe defeated Spanish troops on St. Simons Island at the Battle of Bloody Marsh in 1742 and a peace treaty was subsequently signed .
In 1597 , a Guale Indian named Juanillo led an uprising against the Spanish , killing five Franciscan friars and destroying missions along the Georgia coast .
On St. Catherines , two missionaries were killed and the settlement burned .
Juanillo was captured and killed , and eventually the Spanish rebuilt .
The next 80 years were known as the Golden Age of Spanish Missions , with at least 15 established in Georgia , some located farther inland .
Spanish hegemony remained relatively unchallenged in the Southeast until 1670 , when the British established Charles Town in South Carolina .
This sparked almost a century of heated conflict over " the debatable land . "
In 1680 , the English with Indian allies attacked the mission on St. Catherines .
The Guale were successful in repelling their attackers , but abandoned the mission , which was left to the ravages of time and disappeared under shifting sands and dense vegetation .
This marked the end of Spanish settlement on the Georgia coast as well as the end of the Guale Indians , who were to vanish without much known about them .
Despite the long period of Spanish habitation on the Georgia coast , previous to successful efforts on St. Catherines , not a single mission site in Georgia had been identified archeologically .
Many believed that tabby ruins found on various islands belonged to the early Spanish missionaries , but it was later discovered that they all belonged to the plantation period .
The Spanish missions were built of wattle and daub : Timbers were set vertically , and cane was woven horizontally between them .
Then the wattlework was plastered ( daubed ) with a mixture of sand , mud , and plant fibers .
The roofs were covered with palmetto leaves .
This made the structures entirely biodegradable .
When left to the elements , the structure would wash away , making archeology very difficult if not impossible .
But luckily for archeologists searching for the St. Catherines mission , it was burned , which effectively hardens the wattlework the way a clay pot is baked in a kiln , leaving solid evidence .
But how to find it under a foot of dirt and dense vegetation over an area equivalent to 30 football fields ?
American Museum of Natural History archeologist Dr. David Hurst Thomas , exploring the island on a foundation project since the mid-1970s , used remote sensing equipment to find the lost mission .
When subjected to intense heat , iron particles will orient north .
The settlement 's marsh mud walls contained some microscopic iron particles that were thus altered when the mission burned .
Using a sensitive magnetometer , Thomas was able to identify the mission site .
There he found more than 400 graves of Christianized Indians , many artifacts , and other clues that have yielded much fresh information on the Guale Indians and the Spanish mission period .
St. Catherines , along with Ossabaw and Sapelo , was involved in the first property transfer in the new colony of Georgia .
Gen. James Edward Oglethorpe granted Ossabaw , St. Catherines , and Sapelo islands to the Indians in perpetuity for property rights to the tidewater region between Savannah and the Altamaha River .
The Indians made a subsequent deal , granting the hunting islands to Mary Musgrove , an interpreter of mixed Indian and European parentage who was niece of the Indian chiefs and considered princess of the tribe .
When Georgia lifted its ban in 1749 on slavery , Musgrove and her second husband Thomas Bosomworth established plantations on her three islands .
The legal status of her ownership of the islands was protested by the Royal Trustees , and remained in dispute for 11 years .
Nonetheless , the Bosomworths built a home and planted fields on St. Catherines , and raised cattle on Ossabaw .
In 1760 , the case was settled by granting them St. Catherines , and Sapelo and Ossabaw were put up for public auction with the proceeds going to the Bosomworths .
Mary Musgrove died soon after the decision , and Thomas Bosomworth remarried and sold the island to Button Gwinnett in 1765 .
Gwinnett , a failed businessman who fled creditors in England for the New World , purchased the island entirely on credit .
In Georgia , he earned the reputation as a hotheaded character who had trouble staying out of debt .
As the colonists debated the push for independence , Gwinnett supported popular suffrage , unlike the power elite of Savannah , the Christ Church Whigs , who believed only the landed aristocracy should be allowed to vote .
His opposition to Christ Church endeared him to the Puritans of St. Johns Parish who wanted to break their northern neighbor 's hold on power in the colony .
( Savannah 's Christ Church was so important to the town that the parish was named Christ Church Parish . )
He showed aptitude for politics , and served as speaker of the Commons House of Assembly , president of the Council of Safety , representative to the Second Continental Congress , and commander - in - chief of the armies of Georgia .
He helped draw up Georgia 's first constitution , redrawing the state 's parishes into counties .
A rivalry developed between Gwinnett and Gen. Lachlan McIntosh of the Georgia Army , who was a coastal planter and a member of Christ Church .
Gwinnett said McIntosh 's brother aided Loyalists and relieved McIntosh of his command .
At a hearing to decide if Gwinnett 's action was justified , McIntosh called Gwinnett a " scoundrel and lying rascal . "
Gwinnett challenged McIntosh to a duel , which was held on the outskirts of Savannah on May 16 , 1777 .
Both were shot , but Gwinnett died of his wounds on May 19 .
McIntosh was reassigned to Valley Forge where he served with distinction under George Washington .
Both Gwinnett and McIntosh eventually had counties named for them or their families .
Gwinnett remains a mystery man , with no known reliable portrait of him in existence , and his rare signature fetches more than $ 100,000 from collectors .
Gwinnett left a wife and child in debt , and the island was put on the auction block .
Ownership returned to Thomas Bosomworth , who moved back to the island and lived there until he died and was buried on the island .
A house on the north end of the island , called the Old House , is believed to have belonged to Button Gwinnett .
The house and tabby slave cabins from 1800 are used by the foundation .
After the Civil War , General Sherman created an independent state for freed slaves consisting of the sea islands from Charleston , South Carolina , to northern Florida .
In 1865 , establishing himself as virtual king of this state was Tunis Campbell , who reigned over a government with a legislature , a court , and a 275 - man army from his capital at St. Catherines Island .
Whites called Campbell " the most feared man in Georgia . "
Congress repealed Sherman 's directive and Federal troops forced Campbell off the island in 1867 to McIntosh County , where he continued his " rule . "
( Today , he is remembered with a June festival in Darien every year .
See Appendix D. )
The island changed hands over the years , with various families growing cotton and using the island as a private hunting preserve .
Howard Coffin , who owned Sapelo Island and developed Sea Island , once owned St. Catherines and restored and enlarged Gwinnett 's Old House .
Edward John Noble of New York purchased the island in 1943 and used it to raise purebred Angus cattle .
He died in 1958 , and in 1968 the island was transferred to the Edward J. Noble Foundation , which later conveyed the island to the St. Catherines Island Foundation .
Directions :
The island can be reached by boat from Shellman Fish Camp , McIntosh County , phone ( 912 ) 832-4331 or Halfmoon Marina , Colonel 's Island , Liberty County , phone ( 912 ) 884-5819 .
The island can be reached by boat from Shellman Fish Camp , McIntosh County , phone ( 912 ) 832-4331 or Halfmoon Marina , Colonel 's Island , Liberty County , phone ( 912 ) 884-5819 .
Dates : Island interior is closed to visitation unless permission is granted by the St. Catherines Island Foundation .
Island interior is closed to visitation unless permission is granted by the St. Catherines Island Foundation .
Fees : None .
None .
Closest town : Midway .
Midway .
For more information : St. Catherines Island Foundation , Inc. , Route 1 , Box 207-Z , Midway , GA 31320 .
Marinas and Fish Camps in Liberty County
The North and South Newport and Medway rivers that define Liberty County 's boundaries and coastline are productive and popular fisheries .
Common inshore catches include southern kingfish ( also called whiting ) , spotted seatrout , sheepshead , striped bass , black and red drum , southern flounder , skate , and Atlantic croaker .
Tarpon and shark are caught in St. Catherines Sound , where the large fish patrol the deep waters looking for prey .
Liberty County has two major marinas near the coast and both are located on Colonel 's Island : Yellow Bluff Fishing Camp and Colonels Isle Marina .
Yellow Bluff Fishing Camp provides access to the Medway River and St. Catherines Sound via Ashley Creek .
It offers gas , hoist , bait and tackle , refreshments , and dry storage .
( 912 ) 884-5448 .
Colonels Isle Marina provides access to the North and South Newport Rivers , or downstream to St. Catherines Island and Sound .
It offers gas and diesel , hoist , bait and tackle , camping , lodging , and dry and wet storage .
A public boat ramp is found in Sunbury .
( 912 ) 884-5819 .
Restaurants in Liberty County
Most restaurant options are located in Hinesville , but closer to the coast and I - 95 is Holton 's Seafood Restaurant , I -95 and US 84 , which is known for its fried shrimp and other local delicacies .
Open for lunch and dinner , 7 days a week .
Moderate . ( 912 ) 884-9151 .
Read and add comments about this page
Reader - Contributed Links to the Georgia Coast and Okefenokee Book :
‘ Lost ’ Writer ’s Room
The plane .
The island .
The smoke monster .
The last ten plot twists .
The last fifty cliffhangers .
Each one made out of delicious , succulent Swiss chocolate !
Literally , not even just in metaphorical terms !
Reflections on the social aspect of gaming , how online communities of gamers interact , and what impact they have on society at large .
Penis -Straightening Drug Xiaflex May Provide Relief for Peyronie 's Pfizer 's new drug for claw hand may be used by men with bent phallus .
Feb. 5 , 2010  --
A new drug for claw hand , a condition that causes bent fingers , may serve double - duty as a penis - straightener .
Pfizer 's drug Xiaflex was not approved for this , but it may provide much needed relief for those suffering from Peyronie 's Disease -- a hard - to - treat condition in which the penis becomes permanently and painfully bent .
" It 's a disease that 's very frustrating , " says Dr. Robert Davis , professor of urology at the University of Rochester , " hitting men in the prime of life , " causing pain , sometimes erectile dysfunction , and making it difficult to impossible to have sexual intercourse .
The drug was approved by the Food and Drug Administration Tuesday night explicitly for use against claw hand , but research suggests that Xiaflex is effective in Peyronie 's patients as well .
The release of the drug this spring may lead to off - label use for Peyronie 's Disease .
But Auxilium Pharmaceuticals , Inc. , the company developing the drug , says that -- as a safety precaution -- it will do everything it can to discourage off - label use of Xiaflex for Peyronie's .
That is a prospect urologists and patients will find frustrating , Davis says .
In both Peyronie 's and claw hand , known clinically as Dupuytren 's contracture , an excess buildup of collagen creates scar tissue , preventing normal movement and functioning of the hand or penis .
Xiaflex , delivered in a series of injections to the affected area , works by breaking down the excess collagen with the enzyme collagenase , providing more movement to the extremity .
Painful Penile Problem
Peyronie 's Disease , which affects an estimated 1 to 2 percent of the adult male population , is still a bit of a mystery for urologists .
One cause is thought to be a poor healing response after there is trauma to the penis , but since it tends to be more common in men of northern European descent , Davis says " there 's probably also a genetic component . "
" There really are n't any other effective treatments available short of surgery , " says Dr. Michael O'Leary , senior urologic surgeon at Brigham and Women 's Hospital in Boston .
And surgery is not a particularly attractive option , Davis says .
Surgeries , either to shorten the long side of the penis or to lengthen the shorter side with a graft , " have unenviable long - term results , " he says , and " you can have damage to the sensory nerves or the skin can stick to the scar and create pain during sex . "
While many non-surgical treatments have been tried in the past , from vitamin E supplements to creams to physical therapy with penis pumps , Davis says most have been no more effective than a placebo .
He says there is great demand for any drug that could be shown to work .
Xiaflex may be that drug .
In current clinical trials , vice president of communications at Auxilium , William Sargent , notes that there was an average 29.7 percent improvement in curvature of the penis , compared with an 11 percent improvement in patients receiving a placebo injection .
But Auxilium has also made it clear that , until the drug is FDA approved for Peyronie 's Disease , it will take all necessary precautions to ensure that it is distributed only for use in the hand and not as an off - label drug for urologists .
Auxilium will distribute the drug only to specialists who currently treat Dupuytren 's contracture -- hand surgeons , plastic surgeons , rheumatologists and general orthopedic surgeons .
" No one is going to be 100 percent able to prevent [ off - label ] distribution , " Sargent says .
" What we 're trying to do is limit its use to prevent Dupuytren 's disease exclusively -- patient safety is our first priority . "
This precaution is " not surprising " says O'Leary , given that any adverse effects from inappropriate use of the drug for Peyronie 's " would torpedo any chance that they 'll get approval . "
But Davis says Peyronie 's sufferers may be " very motivated " to take risks , especially since few other treatments work .
" I'm sure there will be pressure [ on urologists ] to use it off - label , they have been aware of the trials for this drug and certainly have a cohort of patients waiting , " he says .
Relief Will Have to Wait
But safety concerns may be justified , says Dr. Tom Lue , professor of urology at the University of California , San Francisco .
" It is an invasive procedure with potential bad side effects [ such as ] impotence [ or ] penile fracture .
I do n't think too many urologists will do off - label use until FDA approval for use in Peyronie 's Disease , " he says .
Bruising , pain , and swelling at the injection site has also been reported in clinical trials of Xiaflex .
For the moment , doctors and patients will have to await the phase III clinical trial later in the year to see if these side effects will be a deal - breaker for the use of the drug in patients with Peyronie's .
If all goes well , Auxilium says they hope to have the drug approved for Peyronie 's within two years .
With the GOP united against the Democratic bill , Mr. Obama said Sunday he would ask Republicans " to put their ideas on the table . "
The half - day meeting will be Feb. 25 and broadcast live , the White House said .
" I want to come back and have a large meeting , Republicans and Democrats , to go through systematically all the best ideas that are out there and move it forward , " the president told CBS in an interview broadcast Sunday .
The American people have overwhelmingly rejected both of the job - killing trillion - dollar government takeover of health care bills passed by the House and Senate .
The problem with the Democrats ' health care bills is not that the American people do n't understand them ; the American people do understand them , and they do n't like them .
" The best way to start on real , bipartisan reform would be to scrap those bills and focus on the kind of step - by - step improvements that will lower health care costs and expand access .
The House Republican alternative , which would lower premiums by up to 10 percent while increasing access for Americans without health insurance , would be a solid starting point .
I look forward to discussing these issues with the Democratic Leadership and the President . "
If we are to reach a bipartisan consensus , the White House can start by shelving the current health spending bill , and with it their goal of slashing a half trillion dollars from Medicare and raising a half trillion in new taxes .
The American people want lower costs , not Medicare cuts and tax increases .
Setting these proposals aside would be a sign that the administration and Democrats in Congress are listening to the country and are truly interested in a bipartisan approach .
“ The fact is Senate Republicans held hundreds of town halls and met with their constituents across the country last year on the need for health care reform , outlining ideas for the step - by - step approach that Americans have asked for .
And we know there are a number of issues with bipartisan support that we can start with when the 2,700 - page bill is put on the shelf . ”
real
After going it alone on health care reform for nearly a year , President Obama has decided he wants to bring Republicans into the conversation .
Here ’s the problem : unless the President and Speaker Pelosi are willing to scrap their government take over and hit the reset button , there ’s not much to talk about .
Republicans believe the status quo is unacceptable , but so is any health reform package that spends money we do n’t have or raises taxes on small businesses and working families in a recession .
To that point , House Republicans have offered the only plan , that will lower health care costs , which is what the President said was the goal at the start of this debate .
The President is adamant that we seize this historic moment to pass meaningful health insurance reform legislation .
He began this process by inviting Republican and Democratic leaders to the White House on March 5 of last year , and he ’s continued to work with both parties in crafting the best possible bill .
He ’s been very clear about his support for the House and Senate bills because of what they achieve for the American people : putting a stop to insurance company abuses , extending coverage to millions of hardworking Americans , getting control of rising premiums and out - of - pocket costs , and reducing the deficit .
The President looks forward to reviewing Republican proposals that meet the goals he laid out at the beginning of this process , and as recently as the State of the Union Address .
He ’s open to including any good ideas that stand up to objective scrutiny .
What he will not do , however , is walk away from reform and the millions of American families and small business counting on it .
The recent news that a major insurer plans to raise premiums for some customers by as much as 39 percent is a stark reminder of the consequences of doing nothing .
This morning -- in a discussion on CNN about Sarah Palin 's scrawled notes on her hand at the teabagger convention -- former Reagan advisor Ed Rollins mentioned that the Republican Party is an opposition party and its job is n't to get things done for the American people in Washington but to President Obama from getting anything done .
This harkens back , somewhat more politely , to what shrill reactionaries like Rush Limbaugh and Jon Kyl were screeching from the day Obama was overwhelmingly elected president with an electoral vote of 265 - 173 , most of the 173 being former breakaway Confederate states plus much of the Mormon West .
From the very beginning , the obstructionist Republicans have done everything they could to demonize Obama in the minds of the most gullible Americans -- and they have quite the media empire to facilitate just that -- and to undermine his authority with outlandish claims that his presidency is somehow " illegitimate .
"
A cautious moderate , Obama has played into their treachery with his quest for a kind of bipartisanship they had already made clear they would never participate in .
Yesterday , amidst all the hullabaloo over the Saints -- representing Blue America -- kicking the ass of the favored Colts -- representing Red America -- Obama announced a bipartisan forum for February 25 to sit down with leaders of both parties to work out the parameters for a healthcare reform bill .
If it takes two to tango , this conference was D.O.A.
In polling after the election of Scott Brown in Massachusetts , it seemed clear that voters there want a better healthcare bill than the corporate - friendly bill in the Senate .
Republicans choose to interpret Brown 's election as though the voters ( nationwide ) are demanding evensolutions than what the conservative Senate has hammered out .
Republican reaction to Obama 's invitation to work together was predictable -- and very much in line both with what Limbaugh said about wanting the president to fail and with what Rollins said today about not solving problems , just keeping the Democrats from solving them .
In both cases , the underlying goal is to make the situation worse for Americans so that they react in anger against Democrats .
When the Republicans tried this after they caused the Great Depression and FDR was swept into office with majorities in both houses of Congress , FDR and the Democrats were deft enough to turn the obstructionism against Republicans .
The GOP 's 270 - 164 seat majority in the House in 1928 sank to a 218 - 216 majority in 1930 and then turned around when FDR won the presidency in 1932 to a Democratic landslide everywhere in the country , the GOP losing 101 seats in the House to give the Democrats a 313 - 117 majority .
The 117 Republicans embarked on an identical program of hysterical obstructionism and name - calling .
But FDR and his team -- unlike Obama 's inept Chicago team led by the blustery incompetent Rahm Emanuel -- knew how to deal with the treacherous Republicans .
( Perhaps if David Plouffe calls the shots instead of Emanuel , the Democrats ' electoral fortunes will start looking more like 1934 and less like 1994 . )
In the 1934 midterms the GOP lost 14 more seats , and in 1936 -- FDR 's first re-election -- the GOP , still hell - bent on obstructionism , was dealt another mighty blow from the public .
With 15 more seats lost , itts 103 minority was turned into an 88 seat rump .
A similar pattern was taking place in the Senate , where the former GOP majority was gradually cut down to a total of 17 seats by 1936 .
Both John Boehner , the GOP House leader , and Miss Mitch McConnell , the Senate leader , answered the president 's call for bipartisan solutions with more hysterical right - wing posturing and extremist ideology .
Boehner : The GOP " solution , " as embodied in the " roadmap " prepared by Paul Ryan : gutting Medicare and Social Security and giving the wealthiest Americans bigger tax cuts in the hopes that some may trickle down to the rest of the country someday , although this has never worked in the history of mankind .
And McConnell was just as discouraging of any kind of real intention of working together for the American people : Wall Street shill Rep. Eric Cantor ( R - VA - $ 3,677,585 ) speaks for the whole obstructionist GOP when he says that it does n't matter that Obama won the presidency and that America elected more Democrats than Republicans in the House and in the Senate .
If Obama wants GOP help to pass healthcare , he has to throw out all Democratic ideas and adopt the failed and rejected reactionary Republican ideology , which basicallyamounts to a Law of the Jungle ( death panels ) approach : Whether you 're marking the birthday of Renoir , Meher Baba , Zeppo Marx , George Harrison or Carrot Top on February 25th , it 's highly unlikely you will be celebrating any kind of a breakthrough that will make the healthcare system in America better for anyone other than the big insurance companies , which have spent so many millions of dollars bribing politicians and lying to the public .
This is how Robert Gibbs responded to the obstructionist letter the White House got from Boehner and Cantor today on behalf of the Republican House caucus :
Labels : bipartisanship
Our recent article entitled “ A Record Number Of Young Americans Are Unemployed – Are They Just Lazy Or Are There Simply No Jobs Available ? ” has generated some absolutely outstanding comments .
We have held back on publishing the best of those comments until now because we wanted to feature them all in one place .
The truth is that this economic downturn is having a disproportionate impact on young Americans .
So why is this ?
Well , that is what we want to explore .
In today ’s economic climate , it can be very difficult to get that first job .
In fact , in some areas of the U.S. today it is close to impossible to get a great job even if you have tons of experience .
But there are some young Americans who are making it out there and who are doing very well despite what the economy is doing .
Certainly when you talk about any very large group of people there are going to be exceptions .
There are some young adults in America today who are absolutely shining examples of what it means to be a hard working American .
But are they the exceptions or are they the rule ?
Some would argue that we have raised a generation that is spoiled , lazy and who expect everything in life to just be handed to them .
Of course one could very easily say that is now true of the American people in general .
The American people have had it so good for so long that most of them have no conception of what it means to suffer .
This is especially true of our young people unfortunately .
But now hard times are coming .
Will our young people be able to make it ?
Will we be able to make it ?
The following are four excellent comments that were left by readers of this website .
They all make excellent points and they all touched us on an emotional level .
Especially Brian ’s story .
Never give up Brian .
After reading the comments below , we encourage you to add your own comments at the end of the article .
Do you think that Americans ( especially young Americans ) are going to be able to make it through the tough times that are ahead , or are we in really , really big trouble ?
****
Annie :
I can definitely see many people having temper tantrums .
I see it on a small scale now .
I managed a retail establishment last year that is seasonal .
All of the employees that the owner hired that were under 40 I had to fire .
The first half were lazy obsessively texting internet surfing junkies or illegal aliens I had to fire .
Oh boy did they think I was a bitch , but I got the job done , on time and under budget .
The 2 best employees I had was a 40 year old white man and a 65 year old Columbia woman .
The man was a class A employee .
He made slightly over minimum wage but he was grateful to have a job .
Worked anytime I asked him .
If I were to call him , he ’d be on the next bus to show up for work .
Wanted to work , needed to work .
Stellar employee .
Anytime I get a call in regard to a reference to him , I gave him high accolades .
The Columbian woman , same thing .
Showed up on time , dressed professional , spoke professionally on the phone and interact with the customers like a class act .
The Nintendo generation ( boy that ’s a good one ) is full of lazy , obese , low IQ brain dead people .
There are few good young people out there , but they are far and few between .
When I go to a retail store , I purposely try to pick a register that has a baby boomer working it .
If I happen to get a younger man / woman , it ’s a joke .
They rarely make eye contact and mumble intelligible .
I leave the register and do n’t even know what they said .
Just to screw with them sometimes I mumble something stupid like I ’m being beamed up to Mars after I leave here to see if they ’re really paying attention .
The entitlement mentality is the worst .
All of these kids want a $ 100 K job or something close .
Those days are over unless you get a cushy government job .
I ’ve been in and out of work for the last 3 years .
It ’s been rough for me .
I ’ve worked minimum wage jobs , scavenged for cans and bottles to sell for money , held garage sales , etc …to put food on the table .
Many people would think they ’re too good to do what I do .
Recent College Graduate :
I recently graduated with a BBA in finance from prestigious university .
I wanted to comment of this article because I can completely identify with the subject , in fact , when I saw the picture I laughed to myself and was like that ’s me , kinda sad huh .
I now live with parents and have no intention of looking for a job .
I have been highly motivated my entire life and was well on my way to getting a job in a hedge fund or private equity firm within the oil and gas industry .
However a couple months before graduation , something snapped and I became very depressed and lost almost all motivation .
I think its because I really woke up the the reality that the the path that the US is on economically speaking is unsustainable .
I do n’t feel like there is any money to be made anymore .
Of course in the short term I could be making about $ 75,000 a year ( typical starting pay for classmates of mine ) , however I do n’t see a point .
The dollar will most likely be gone in the next two years and honestly we are on the verge of social and political chaos …
I think the best use of my time presently is to prepare myself and get my family prepared for what lies ahead .
So from the horses mouth so to speak , as a 22 year old college graduate , that is my opinion .
Brand :
Many recent college grads move back home for two reasons .
First , the education system has become absolutely addicted to debt .
Look at the cost of tuition over the last three decades , and then look at the number of loans issued by Sallie Mae .
As soon as demand went through the roof , the universities started doubling and tripling tuition rates , while offering in - house consultation on how to maximize student loans .
Twenty years ago , most college students did n’t graduate $ 40 - 60,000 in the debt .
Second , it ’s a tough job market .
If you ’ve got a tuition payment to make , and you ca n’t get a job , then it ’s reasonable to move back in with mom and dad for a while .
That ’s what family is for .
They have every right to expect you to pull your weight , including doing chores and getting a part - time job to help pay for food and utilities .
Of course , when mom and dad get old , they have the right to live at * your * place for a while , at least until they require permanent care .
I do n’t dispute that there are a lot of lazy punks out there .
I also happen to think that kids go $ 40 - 60,000 into debt while majoring in dead - end subjects that offer no chance of repaying their loans .
But there are also plenty of responsible young people who get stuck between a rock and a hard place , and there ’s nothing wrong with taking a little family help as long as it ’s appreciated and repaid in kind .
Just my two cents .
Brian :
I am 31 year old male , but everyone says I look 17 - 20 .
I had a son at 18 and never had the money to go to an expensive college to get a degree and got turned down for a federal grant / loan , but I did save and go to community college for paramedic .
The above article really bothered me because for years I have been put down by older adults , Friend of court , and places I applied to for work for taking care of my grandparents who have been married almost 60 years , and my mother who has MS .
My grandmother has never had a license and my grandfather has had emphysema for 20 years and is on oxygen , and my mother uses a wheel chair or a walker on her good days .
( the bad are spent crying in pain in bed , sleeping , or bed ridden for days , sometimes weeks at a time . )
FOC says I do n’t send enough directly to her and taking care of my family is not a “ real ” job since I do not pay federal tax ’s or get paid a weekly check they can commandeer ( that ’s a whole other story , I guess they did n’t get the memo that woman are to pass men as family “ breadwinners ” this year or next . ) , other older adults say I need to look out for myself and get a real job , and the jobs I do apply for , ( to work nights or part time ) also say it is not a job and therefore I have a huge employment gap on my resume .
I have lived on and off between my grandparents and mothers in Michigan my whole life .
I stayed with grandparents because my mom waitress - ed full time at night when I was younger .
I do not care what they say , I love my family and will help them no matter what , until they pass or they can afford a home nurse .
On the nights and weekends that I do n’t have my son , I sit home and reading and learning programming and web design .
I am willing to work hard anywhere for any ( legal ) pay .
Everyone complains about everyone else and thinks it is so easy to get a job until it happens to them .
I glad I do n’t care about money and I do not have anything worth anything , so it ca n’t be taken away .
Maybe all the people who were doing the complaining on the board up there should give me and people like me a chance .
We might just be the most kind , loyal , hard working person you ever had working with or for .
I just would like to let you know , Not being able to financially support myself makes me feel like a loser and maybe I am just a burden on my family and it would be better of if I just ” went away ” .
If it would not hurt my son and family so much , I would be gone .
How Australia ’s Proposed Internet Censorship Will ( And Won’t ) Affect Video Games
While the lack of an adults - only rating for video games hogs all the headlines when it comes to gaming and Australia , there ’s a far more sinister threat lurking on the horizon : internet censorship .
But how does this affect gaming ?
Proposals currently working their way through the system ( it ’s important to note these are n’t law yet , and may well be shot down before becoming so ) would require that all internet service providers in Australia sign up to the federal government ’s filtering program , which would compile a list of banned content and block that content from appearing on a user ’s computer .
The filter would not just include the really nasty stuff , like child porn and terrorist activity , but expand to include anything that was “ refused classification ” under the nation ’s content ratings laws .
While this would mostly concern things like films ( stuff like snuff flicks … pornography rated “ X ” is OK , as it ’s been rated ) or comics ( like some of Japan ’s more … extreme offerings ) , because of the country ’s classification laws , it would also expand to cover gaming material .
This means that if a game is refused classification ( RC ) in Australia – like , say , NFL Blitz , or Getting Up – content related to these games would be added to the ISP filter .
Throwing up a range of questions , foremost of those being , what happens when an otherwise harmless website – like , say , this one – hosts material from those games ( screenshots , trailers , etc ) that is totally fine in the US or Japan or Europe , but that has been refused classification in Australia ?
The “ good ” news is , not much .
The Australian Department of Broadband Communication has told Kotaku that when RC content is flagged and added to the filter – and remember , it has to be reported in a complaint first to be flagged , the government wo n’t be actively on the look - out for stuff – it wo n’t block the entire website .
Only the URL of an actual image or video clip would be filtered .
Things are even less stringent when it comes to online games .
Because the wheels are in motion to address the nation ’s lack of an adults - only rating in Australia , the “ government ’s approach to filtering online games will be developed drawing on this consultation process ” .
In other words , it ’s a wait and see approach , the results of the discussion papers ( or even a clear indication gleaned from them of the public ’s wishes ) into expanding Australia ’s game ratings to determine whether things like massively - multiplayer online titles or online shooters deemed RC are included in the filter or not .
Until this time , games will be entirely excluded from the filter .
So if an MMO title is refused classification in Australia , and you manage to import it from overseas ( which is technically illegal ) , you ’ll be good to go , as it wo n’t be blocked .
This is all , of course , absurd .
You ca n’t control the internet any more than you can control the rising and setting of the sun .
All the federal government is doing here is displaying how remarkably out of touch they are on contemporary issues of censorship , and how ignorant the federal minister responsible for the filter proposal – Stephen Conroy – is in regards to how easy it is to bypass such measures .
But it ’s not all bad news .
Like I said above , this is n’t yet law .
It ’s a proposal , one that ’s been dragging on for a few years now and has been constantly beset by issues , from findings that the filter does n’t work ( some harmless sites are blocked , while targeted ones get through ) to the fact it ca n’t monitor peer - to - peer networks ( so , BitTorrent ) to a large body of dissent amongst Australia ’s internet service providers .
Because of all this , I ca n’t personally see it becoming law .
It ’s just got too many hurdles to clear , both politically and technically .
But just in case it does , that ’s all you need to know about how it will affect gaming , and the coverage of games .
And hey , even if it does pass into law , remember ; a change in Australia ’s ratings guidelines would make it irrelevant , as stuff rated R18 + would no longer be “ refused classification ” , and as such would n’t be filtered in the first place .
Tuna hits highest price in nine years at Tokyo auction
By Roland Buerk
BBC News , Tokyo
Tuna stocks are running low but demand for the delicacy remains high A tuna has been sold at auction in Tokyo's fish market for 16.28 million yen ( $ 175,000 , £ 109,000 ) , the highest price paid in Japan for nine years .
The bluefin tuna weighs 232 kg - nearly four times as much as the average Japanese man .
It was caught off the northern tip of Japan 's main island of Honshu , in waters famed for high quality fish .
Tuna is prized in Japan , where people eat it raw in sushi , but there is concern that stocks are dwindling .
RECORD -BREAKING FOODS
One of the biggest truffles found in decades fetched $ 330,000 ( £ 165,000 ) at auction in 2007 A salad filled with caviar , kreel - caught langoustines , Cornish crab and lobster cost $ 1,024 ( £ 635 ) A Glasgow chef made a $ 3,467 ( £ 2,150 ) pizza for a couple in Rome - topped with edible gold , lobster and champagne - soaked caviar
The most expensive sandwich in the world was recognised in 2007 at $ 161 ( £ 100 ) A Belfast hotel claimed it offered the world 's most expensive cocktail at $ 1,209 ( £ 750 )
The record - breaking tuna was put on the block in the first auction of the new year at Tokyo's Tsukiji fish market .
The tuna was bought jointly by one of the city 's most upmarket restaurants , and an entrepreneur from Hong Kong who runs a chain of sushi bars .
Last year a similar fish made less than 10 million yen .
Bluefin tuna is known as the king of sushi and the Japanese eat more of it than any other nation , according to the BBC 's correspondent in Tokyo , Roland Buerk .
Conservationists are calling for a moratorium on fishing to save the bluefin tuna from extinction in the Atlantic and Mediterranean .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Rep. John Murtha , a legendary Pennsylvania lawmaker and close ally of Speaker Nancy Pelosi ’s , died Monday .
Murtha ( D - Pa. ) was admitted to the Virginia Hospital Center last week following complications from gall bladder surgery , which he underwent last month .
His office said in a statement that Murtha “ passed away peacefully ” at 1:18 p.m .
His family was at his bedside .
ADVERTISEMENT
The 77 - year - old chairman of the House Appropriations Defense panel was a strong voice on military matters in Congress and a close friend of Pelosi ’s ( D - Calif. ) , helping her rise in the party leadership .
“ Jack Murtha was a giant .
All who served with him were honored to call him colleague .
I was privileged to call him friend , ” Pelosi said in a statement .
The White House flew its flag at half - staff on Monday to mark Murtha ’s passing .
President Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaIt 's now up to health systems to solve our food problems Testing the Electoral College process against judicial overreach Obama steps into The Shade Room to urge ' roommates ' to vote , says White House ' working to keep people from voting ' MORE praised Murtha ’s dedication to public duty .
“ His passion for service was born during his decorated career in the United States Marine Corps , and he went on to earn the distinction of being the first Vietnam War combat veteran elected to Congress .
Jack ’s tough - as - nails reputation carried over to Congress , where he became a respected voice on issues of national security , ” Obama said in a statement .
On Saturday , Murtha became the longest - serving member of Congress from Pennsylvania .
Murtha , known as a defense hawk , made his voice heard on U.S. troop withdrawal from Iraq .
In 2005 , the 19 - term lawmaker became a household name after publicly recanting his 2002 vote in favor of the Iraq war and threatening to shut off funding for the war from his perch as defense appropriations cardinal .
Murtha also questioned Obama ’s new strategy in Afghanistan , expressing skepticism as to the success of the military mission .
Murtha would have been a pivotal voice in the congressional debate over the issue this spring .
" I 've known Jack and worked with him for more than two decades , starting back in the Reagan administration when I was at CIA .
I will always remember and be grateful for Congressman Murtha 's personal efforts on behalf of the Afghan resistance fighting the Soviets - efforts that helped bring about the end of the Cold War .
In our dealings over the years , Jack and I did not always agree , but I always respected his candor , and knew that he cared deeply about the men and women of America 's military and intelligence community , " Defense Secretary Robert Gates said in a statement .
The news of Murtha ’s death came on a day when Washington was paralyzed from a large weekend snowstorm .
To his colleagues in the House , Murtha can not be replaced .
“ Jack ’s shoes will not be filled , because he was a one - of - a - kind public servant and a rare breed of American whose love of country ran as deep as anyone I know , ” Rep. Robert Brady ( D - Pa. ) said in a statement .
“ Before Congress adjourned each week I would kiss my friend Jack on the cheek and we would share a smile over the week ’s stories and the variety of issues we had to look forward to in the coming days .
Sadly , the last time we exchanged our friendly goodbyes was our last goodbye . ”
“ I am deeply saddened to lose my dear friend and colleague Jack Murtha .
He was a public servant in every sense of the word and his passing is a great loss to all of Pennsylvania , ” said Sen. Arlen Specter ( D - Pa . ) .
House Minority Leader John Boehner John Andrew BoehnerLongtime
House parliamentarian to step down
Five things we learned from this year 's primaries Bad blood between Pelosi , Meadows complicates coronavirus talks MORE ( R - Ohio ) mourned Murtha ’s passing .
“ Today , our nation has lost a decorated veteran and the House of Representatives has lost one of its own , ” Boehner John Andrew BoehnerLongtime House parliamentarian to step down
Five things we learned from this year 's primaries Bad blood between Pelosi , Meadows complicates coronavirus talks MORE said in a statement .
“ I also want to express my condolences to Speaker Nancy Pelosi , who valued Congressman Murtha ’s advice and friendship .
He will be missed . ”
The former Marine , who fought in the Vietnam War , had been a steadfast supporter of the military and the defense industry .
Murtha was the first Vietnam veteran to be elected to Congress , coming to Washington after winning a February 1974 special election .
“ He understood the misery of war , ” said Appropriations Committee Chairman David Obey ( D - Wis . ) .
“ Every person who serves in the military has lost an advocate and a good friend today . ”
Murtha has been credited with bringing economic development to his once - depressed district , an area rocked by the loss of steel and coal jobs over the last two decades .
Johnstown , Pa. , now has a Murtha airport , a Murtha highway and Murtha health centers .
One of the most telling symbols of Murtha ’s congressional power is Showcase for Commerce , one of the country ’s most popular technology trade shows , which transformed Johnstown into one of the defense industry ’s major regional hubs .
The show became an annual draw for those in defense circles who knew that Murtha had the sort of influence that could make or break their business .
While Murtha was highly respected for his firsthand knowledge of military and national security issues , he was also known as the lawmaker who helped his colleagues get funding for earmark projects .
He could often be seen sitting in his seat on the House floor , dubbed “ Murtha ’s Corner , ” holding court with several members surrounding him or passing him notes .
During times of Republican leadership of the House , Murtha was known for delivering Democratic votes in exchange for the funding of pet projects .
The former Marine drill instructor also left his mark with his unfiltered remarks and statements and his uproarious laughter .
Once thrown into the limelight with his opposition to the Iraq war , Murtha , who was used to backroom deliberations , invited scrutiny to his congressional actions , particularly to the millions in earmarks he brokered for his district as part of the defense appropriations bill .
But the lawmaker never shied away from expressing his convictions .
To this day the former Marine has been scoured for saying in 2006 that several Marines killed civilians “ in cold blood ” in Hadditha , Iraq .
In 2006 , Murtha challenged Rep. Steny Hoyer ( D - Md. ) for the House majority leader post , but lost despite having Pelosi ’s full backing .
Murtha was critical to Pelosi ’s rise in power .
In 2001 , he managed her campaign for House minority leader against the more senior Hoyer .
Murtha also faced his share of controversy , perhaps most intensely over the last year .
It was Murtha ’s close relationship with the defense industry that came under fire in 2009 , when reports surfaced that the FBI had raided the PMA Group , a defense - lobbying firm with strong ties to Murtha .
Many of the now - defunct PMA ’s former clients are clustered in and around Murtha ’s district .
The Office of Congressional Ethics cleared Murtha and recommended that the House ethics committee not pursue an investigation .
Murtha ’s death leaves the chairmanship of one of the most powerful committees empty and will prompt a reshuffling as Congress starts considering the approval of billions in Pentagon dollars .
Following Murtha in seniority is Rep. Norm Dicks ( D - Wash . ) , who now chairs the Appropriations Subcommittee on Interior , Environment and Related Agencies .
“ He was a strong leader and an exceptionally fair chairman of the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee , and I enjoyed serving with him on that panel for 31 years .
He was a ‘ hands - on ’ chairman , routinely traveling to areas of conflict where American troops were deployed , and I accompanied him on many of those trips , ” Dicks said in a statement .
“ The country has lost a real patriot ; the Congress has lost a real workhorse ; and I have lost a great friend . ”
Murtha leaves behind his wife of 54 years , Joyce , his three children and three grandchildren .
This story was originally published on February 8th , 2010 at 2:45 p.m .
‘‘ If the driver of this vehicle had survived and had been convicted in court , I would suspect that there would be a very , very long jail sentence , ’’ he said .
Mr Lay acknowledged the situation was ‘‘ desperately sad ’’ for Mr Johnstone ’s family and friends .
‘‘ You can understand his young male colleagues are rallying around him , ’’ he said .
‘‘ A lot of it is immaturity .
These are kids and they ’re upset so I tend to cut them a bit of slack .
‘‘ But I think particularly as parents , when you look at that sort of behaviour by young people , it is worrying . ’’
Mr Lay said the Mill Park deaths were a reminder to parents to know where their kids are .
‘‘ This is about a particular group of drivers that just simply do not play by the rules , ’’ he said .
‘‘ It ’s very difficult to understand .
It ’s very difficult to get to them but that whole situation there was a set of circumstances where a tragedy was waiting to happen . ’’
Mr Johnstone ’s girlfriend of two years , Natalie Bryant , was with him at a party on Saturday night when the appearance of gatecrashers spurred him to move his prized car .
The driver , his younger half - brother Will Te - Whare , 15 , and four other mates were reportedly surrounded by five or six men as they attempted to leave .
Mr Johnstone then sped off in anger .
Miss Bryant said some gatecrashers ran after him while others piled into another car and drove off in pursuit .
By 2 am , the apprentice roof tiler lay dead , along with Will , Mathew Lister , 17 , Ben Hall , 19 , and Anthony Iannetta , 18 .
Mr Iannetta ’s sister , Elissa , 15 , was the only survivor .
She was released from the Royal Melbourne Hospital today .
Miss Bryant this week paid tribute to her boyfriend , describing him as a " beautiful soul " who touched her with every word he spoke .
But as several other teen drivers were caught breaking the law , Premier John Brumby promised a crackdown to solve the " terrible problem " of young male drivers and fast cars .
" Whether we look at speed - limiting devices , whether we have to toughen up our hoon legislation , confiscating , selling or crushing vehicles . . . these are the things that we have got to look at , " Mr Brumby said .
Police today slammed a teenage driver who was caught doing burnouts while carrying four passengers earlier this week .
The 18 - year - old driver has lost his license and had his new car impounded .
Police said they are disappointed the driver , a P - plater from Craigieburn , was caught driving erratically on Monday in Lipton Drive , Thomastown shortly after 10.30 pm , where about 100 cars had gathered .
The driver , who is licensed to carry only one other passenger , has only owned the car for 11 days .
His license has been suspended for seven months .
Police said the teen was driving a 2002 Nissan Navara ute when he was seen performing burnouts near the scene of the Mill Park crash .
It is understood he was close to other vehicles and large groups of bystanders at the time .
The passengers , who lived nearby , were an 18 - year - old male , 17 - year - old female and two 16 - year - old females The Nissan was impounded for 48 hours .
Police said the driver is expected to be charged on summons for failing to have proper control of a vehicle , careless driving , failure to display p-plates , driving with more than one peer passenger and other traffic offence .
'' It was a crazy piece of driving , doing burnouts , " Assistant Commissioner Tim Cartwright told reporters in Thomastown this afternoon .
'' It was a crazy piece of driving , doing burnouts , " Assistant Commissioner Tim Cartwright told reporters in Thomastown this afternoon .
" He 's got four or five people in the car , he 's got six months ' experience , ” he said .
Pointing out recently left pieces of burnt rubber on the road and a lingering smell of smoke , he said : “ People do n't seem to be getting the lesson ” .
Last night three young drivers were booked doing 100 km/h in a 60 km / h zone in Melbourne , he said .
Police are appealing to parents and young people for " to take some more responsibility in this ” .
Loading Parents should be asking their daughter or son where they are going and how they are getting there , he said
- with Thomas Hunter , Andra Jackson
TORONTO , Canada —
From the moment of its birth five years ago , the so - called Own the Podium Olympic program smacked of something un-Canadian .
The goal , set by the Canadian Olympic Committee , was to dominate the Vancouver Winter Games and win more medals than any other country .
Canadians like winning as much as anyone .
But operation Own the Podium suggested a brashness more suited to our American neighbors .
Loudly proclaiming world domination violates a Canadian sense of modesty and proportion .
Canadians prefer to keep expectations in check .
Since the legendary hockey series between Canada and the Soviet Union in 1972 — when only a last minute goal in the final game saved Canada from embarrassment — we ’ve learned it ’s best to keep chest beating at a minimum even in our national sport ( loudmouth former hockey coach Don Cherry notwithstanding ) .
Indeed , our best and highest paid hockey players fell far short of a medal at the 2006 Turin Games .
In those games , medal prospects looked grim after the first week .
Then a burst of surprise victories saw Canada clinch third place overall in the medal standings with 24 .
That ’s the Canadian way : Say little and deliver your best .
For Vancouver 2010 , Canadian Olympic officials decided instead to say a lot : Nothing less than No. 1 in overall medals would do .
And they invested $ 117 million over five years to make it happen .
They also tried to give Canadian athletes an edge by limiting the training access foreign rivals had to Olympic venues prior to the Games .
Foreign athletes complained and Canadian sports columnists questioned the strategy ’s fairness .
It seemed like nasty stuff .
And it would haunt the Games .
Hours before they began , a 21 - year - old Georgian on a practice run lost control and died on what was widely considered the fastest luge track in the world .
“ That death queued compelling suggestions that Canada ’s lust for gold … was n’t simply un-Canadian , it was murderous , ” wrote Dave Feschuk , sports columnist for the Toronto Star .
As the Games progressed , it also became clear that operation Own the Podium had the effect of spurring non-Canadian athletes to prove it wrong .
It eventually became the butt of jokes .
Some athletes have captured the hearts of Canadians , notably freestyle skiing gold medalist Alexandre Bilodeau — the first Canadian to win gold on Canadian soil .
He credits his brother , who has cerebral palsy , for his inspiration .
Another national high occurred Monday night , when Tessa Virtue and Scott Moir won gold in ice dancing .
Still , by the end of the first week of events , Canada ’s Olympic barons were already eating crow .
Medals did not materialize in some of Canada ’s most promising events , particularly downhill skiing and speed skating .
Canadian speed skater Denny Morrison , on whom many hopes lay , blamed his 13th place finish in the men ’s 1,000 meters and his ninth place finish in the 1,500 meters on the Own the Podium strategy .
He complained that , prior to the Games , Canadian officials forced him to stop training with American gold medalist Shani Davis because they did n’t want Davis to benefit from the extra resources given to Canadian athletes .
Then came the game the whole country had waited for – Sunday ’s hockey showdown between Canada and the United States .
With outstanding goaltending by Ryan Miller , Team USA slapped down Canada by a score of 5 - 3 .
The headline in Canada ’s largest circulation newspaper , the Toronto Star , pretty much said it all : “ Call it a star - spangled spanking . ”
Canada ’s hockey medal hopes are still alive , but the defeat means the team will face a much more difficult road ahead , including games against Germany and Russia .
Wrote sports reporter , Paul Hunter : “ It ’s not the end of the world for Canadian hockey .
It will just seem that way for a day or two . ”
The overall standings told the story : By Monday evening , the United States was in first place with 24 medals ; Canada , with 10 medals , was in fifth .
Operation Own the Podium was a bust .
Canadian Olympic officials now talk of hopefully winning second place overall , which amounts to re-branding their program , Almost Own the Podium .
“ How is it that Americans , one medal ahead of Canada in Turin four years ago , have almost as many gold medals as Canada has medals so far this time around ? ” asked a sports writer with the Toronto Sun .
“ If we knew what they were doing , we ’d be doing it too , ” Michael Chambers , president of the Canadian Olympic Committee , was quoted as saying .
" The U.S. is having a tremendous Games .
They are making it very tough for us . ”
The failure capped a difficult first week for the Vancouver Games .
After the Georgian ’s death , officials reduced the length of the luge track to make it safer .
Then , the ice at the Richmond Oval was denounced as “ laughable ” by Dutch speed skater Jan Bos .
Criticism got worse when the ice - resurfacing machine malfunctioned during the men ’s 500 meters , causing lengthy delays and frayed nerves .
Outside of the events , organizers faced a popular revolt over a high chain link fence placed around the Olympic cauldron , preventing people from getting a clear picture of the flames .
The fence was eventually moved closer to the cauldron and gaps cut out of it for pictures to be snapped unobstructed .
The biggest problem , of course , has been the weather — more precisely , the lack of snow .
It ’s never a good sign for the Winter Games when crocuses sprout .
But what did the International Olympic Committee expect when they awarded the Games to a city that typically has mild winters ?
Vancouver 2010 organizers can be blamed , however , for choosing Cypress Mountain as a venue , even when its close proximity to the city made it more likely to get rain than snow .
Within days , 20,000 tickets were refunded for cancelled events there .
Compounding the bad news at the end of the first week was the decision by Prime Minister Stephen Harper ’s Conservative Party to mix politics with sports .
The party launched a video campaign that tries to use pride in Canadian athletes to boost its stagnant support .
“ With our strong leader , Canada will continue to compete with the world ’s best , ” the video proclaims , as if the success of Canada ’s athletes depends on Harper remaining prime minister .
The campaign comes from a prime minister under fire for suspending Parliament until after the Winter Games .
He ’s widely accused of blocking parliamentary inquiries into allegations his government did nothing to stop Canadian soldiers from transferring detainees to Afghan jails , where they were tortured .
Harper ’s critics say he ’s hoping a stack of Canadian medals will distract from his troubles .
So far , Canadian athletes are n’t cooperating .
Editor 's note :
This story was updated to include the fact that Canada had won 10 medals by Feb. 22 , 2010 .
READER COMMENTS ON
" Zionism & Israeli ' State Terrorism ' - Political Third Rail or Long Overdue Debate ? "
( 153 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Kevin Andrews said on 1/15/2010 @ 9:38 am PT ...
Thank you for bringing this position forward .
It is long past time that the United State align with the high - road of human dignity for all .
The human rights violations of the Israeli governments cannot , in good conscience , be allowed to continue to drive this much needed conversation on American Foreign Policy .
If a lasting peace is to be obtained it must represent all involved and not the exclusively Zionist position of the Israeli .
http://activecitizen54.wordpress.com/
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Symbiont said on 1/15/2010 @ 10:12 am PT ...
Again , another real great article , Ernest - deep , and important analysis .
I did want to comment on one thing :
... such harsh rhetoric fails to take into account the deep seated Jewish insecurity which lies at the foundation of Zionism and which helps to explain why a Henry Waxman would erroneously equate a call for a peaceful , democratic " one- state " solution with a call for the destruction of Israel .
Forgive my simplistic thinking here , but is n't the whole point of the state of Israel to be a " Jewish homeland " ?
If the one - state solution were pursued ( which will never happen ) , and a multi-cultural democracy were established , the Jews - increasingly in the demographic minority in Palestine - would not be able to ( democratically ) assert their interests .
Disclaimer : I have no Jewish ancestry , and I 'm personally extremely critical of Israel 's state - sponsored terrorism , and am heartbroken over the plight of Palestinians .
Yet I believe every ethnic group should try to assert its own interests , and understand ( if not condone ) the desire to establish a Jewish homeland .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... renzoku bb.com said on 1/15/2010 @ 10:48 am PT ...
Thank you Ernest .
Beautiful to see the ideas sorted out more clearly .
Given Waxman 's previous positions against Bush , we might be giving him too much credit here .
Ideology is not enough to explain his ridiculous criticisms and betrayal of Winograd .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... MarkH said on 1/15/2010 @ 10:54 am PT ...
I do n't know much about Winograd , but I can see how her argument would serve the larger purpose of discussing the situation in all it's aspects and of considering any kind of solution .
By arguing for one state she could be entirely sincere and a secularist who wants a Democracy there .
Or , she could be suggesting this is an inevitability unless today 's Israelis recognize it as inevitable AND dangerous , so they will then begin to seriously consider other possibilities .
The U.S. gov't has supported the 2 - state solution for some time , but Israel has refused to move in that direction .
Maybe Winograd , by pointing out the inevitability of the one - state if nothing is done , can inspire some kind of movement in Israel .
The angry response against her indicates the difficulty some people have in considering any alternative to their current world .
It 's tragic that world - changing event will naturally creep up on them and change their world without their consent .
Would we ignore a gradually changing world , as did the U.S. bankers who were part of our current economic crisis , and suffer the consequences when it 's too late for us to change ?
The economic crisis has been incredibly painful .
Would Israelis deserve to suffer when they might have taken the bull by the horns to design and choose their own future .
Do n't let other people choose your future !
Begin now to listen to leaders like Winograd .
Begin now to create your own future .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Mitch Trachtenberg said on 1/15/2010 @ 10:56 am PT ...
said she favored a " one state solution " because you " cannot establish a democracy in a state founded on the institutionalized superiority or exclusivity of one of religion , ethnicity or culture . "
Is n't that called a " nation " ?
Sorry , but I split with much of the left about this .
I wo n't belabor the point , because the two sides can never seem to come to understand one another .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 1/15/2010 @ 11:03 am PT ...
Mitch Trachtenberg said
The two sides can never seem to come to understand one another .
___________________
Perhaps , Mitch , that is due to a lack of effort .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 1/15/2010 @ 11:10 am PT ...
Excellent post , Ernest .
Thank you for this .
Bravo , bravo for your sense of fairness .
For more of this liberating and inspiring fairness in a longer look at the history and issues here I higly recommend Rabbi Michael Lerner 's " Healing Israel / Palestine : A Path to Peace and Reconciliation . " to Symbiont -- I'm with you about the point of the state of Israel being a Jewish homeland but the broader point is the necessity and challenge of simultaneously including the Palestinians ' viewpoint and their right to their own homeland .
They were not consulted about the conversion of their country into someone else 's .
Understandably a bit of a sticky wicket .
Rabbi Lerner really is brilliant in going through the history and expressing with deep understanding and sympathy the realities for both sides and the perceptions those realities are likely to promote .
He also is brilliant in offering many , many examples of available roads repeatedly not taken by both sides .
Many , many not taken paths that sure look a whole lot more amenable to peace and reconciliation than paths taken .
( disclosure - - I'm of Italian , German Jew , Swedish , Norwegian descent )
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... SLSmith said on 1/15/2010 @ 11:14 am PT ...
Venice Votes Winograd Rally 1/16--> Show Your Support For Marcy in Venice --> We Need You !
Saturday January 16 @ 3:30 pm - 5:00 we will be holding a JOBS , NOT WARS - VENICE VOTES WINOGRADsigns in this peaceful rally .
The rally will be at a well - trafficked corner in Venice with positive messaging about our candidate .
Once we have established a healthy presence , we 'll dispatch volunteers to pass out fliers and walk down Abbot Kinney , gathering petition signatures to get Marcy on the Democratic primary ballot on June 8 , 2010 .
The rally will be held January 16 @ 3:30 pm - 5:00 pm at the corner of Abbot Kinney & Westminster Ave.
Venice a well - trafficked corner on Saturdays .
1/16/10 VENICE VOTES FOR WINOGRAD rally details
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Mitch Trachtenberg said on 1/15/2010 @ 11:17 am PT ...
( I 'd reply specifically to Ernest , but I can't see any way of directly emailing an author . )
Yes , perhaps the inability of the two sides to come to an agreement is due to lack of effort .
I think there 's more involved than that , but perhaps more effort would help .
In any event , I doubt a blog is the place that will lead to a solution .
I admire those who try to find one .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... billy said on 1/15/2010 @ 11:21 am PT ...
It is a tricky topic but one that does need to be addressed .
Especially with the US and its obvious pro-Zionist agenda .
Where many in the world equate Zionism with racism , we as Americans , need to see how our policies effect the entire middle east and not just one group of people .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/15/2010 @ 11:28 am PT ...
Wiretap Recorded Rep. Harman Discussing Aid for AIPAC Defendants http://www.cqpolitics.co...ocid=hsnews-000003098436
One of the leading House Democrats on intelligence matters was overheard on telephone calls intercepted by the National Security Agency agreeing to seek lenient treatment from the Bush administration for two pro-Israel lobbyists who were under investigation for espionage , current and former government officials say .
http://www.nytimes.com/2...1harman.html?_r=3&hp
Are Members of Congress ( and Maybe Even the President ) Being Blackmailed ?
http://www.afterdowningstreet.org/node/41905
Were Other Congress People - Besides Harman - Also Blackmailed by the Bush Administration ?
http://www.washingtonsbl...ress-people-besides.html
U.S. Might Not Try Pro-Israel Lobbyists
Meanwhile , Rep. Harman Denies Offering to Influence Case http://www.washingtonpos.../AR2009042102602_pf.html
[ Avigdor ] Lieberman : U.S. will accept any Israeli policy decision http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/1080097.html
Gonzales ‘ blocked prosecution of Democrat who helped keep lid on wiretapping story ’
http://rawstory.com/08/n...id-on-wiretapping-story/
Hastert informed of Harman investigation ?
http://www.atlargely.com...arman-investigation.html
From AIPAC with love ...
http://www.atlargely.com...rom-aipac-with-love.html
Jane Harman : Stupid and Reckless , Not the Victim of Illegal Wiretaps http://emptywheel.firedo...tim-of-illegal-wiretaps/
James Bamford on Israeli wiretappers : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hI_k9Xt00YE
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Symbiont said on 1/15/2010 @ 11:29 am PT ...
I 'm with you about the point of the state of Israel being a Jewish homeland but the broader point is the necessity and challenge of simultaneously including the Palestinians ' viewpoint and their right to their own homeland .
They were not consulted about the conversion of their country into someone else 's .
Yes , of course - totally agreed with you .
" A land without a people for a people without a land " was factually incorrect , not to mention racist .
I do not condone the Zionist land - grab , and I lament the suffering of the Palestinians .
I was only defending Waxman 's logic on that one particular point :
A one - state solution logically implies the destruction of the state of Israel .
The whole point of having a modern state of Israel was to establish a Jewish homeland , i.e. , a homeland for a particular ethno - religious group .
A state of Israel which were to comprise what is now Israel and what is now the Palestinian territories , and give full democratic rights to all ethnicities --- in short , an Israel that is a secular , pluralistic nation - state a la the US --- would mean the eventual non-existence of a Jewish homeland , because Jews just do n't have demographic trends in their favor right now .
That 's all I 'm trying to say --- the one - state solution is not in the interests of Israel , so it 's not going to happen , unless imposed upon them by force in some distant future when Israel is n't getting foreign aid from the US .
Not @ you , but @ everyone : I do n't think the Arab - Israeli conflict 's perennial nature is due to lack of effort ; it 's due to force and logic .
An appeal to " if only we all tried harder and were more sincere " is sort of in the same vein as narcissistic - Evangelicalism --- which , of course , gets us " all fired up " here in the bradblogosphere .
( I actually am basically on your side , Frank . )
Hey , and while we 're getting into heritages , I'm of German , Scottish , and French descent .
And I want a Scotch - Franco - Germanic homeland , damit !
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Orangutan said on 1/15/2010 @ 11:32 am PT ...
More people need to know about the " Mossad " and their history and motto's .
That 's for sure .
More people need to be aware of a lot of things .
And not afraid to speak out and take action on them .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Orangutan said on 1/15/2010 @ 11:34 am PT ...
This stuff needs to be unearthed .
We spend way to much money propping up the state of Israel at the expense of too many other things .
God may there be peace in this world .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VXDOlWcD4aM
Very good history of foreign involvement by the U.S. and their interests .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/15/2010 @ 11:39 am PT ...
Move Israel to the South Pole .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 1/15/2010 @ 12:13 pm PT ...
Agent 99 -- Why not Texas ?
Make Texas Israel .
Leave the poor South Pole alone .
It 's gonna be hot there soon enough .
Move Austin to Cambridge .
We could use the help .
Let the other Texans , ( the population of Fort Collins , Co ) and Sarah Palin live on some reality show to be determined .
Dick Cheney can be the host of the game show version of the reality show .
There solved everything .
Who says the world 's problems can't be solved in the blogosphere ?
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/15/2010 @ 12:22 pm PT ...
I thought of something similar to the Texas Solution first , but I think it would lead to too much trouble , pitting American Jews against Israeli Jews , when there 's already something of a problem there .
So I opted for the South Pole .
My hero , Norman Finkelstein , seems to think that Israelis can be converted back into decent citizens of the world in the same way Germans were after WWII , and I can't really argue with that , except it seems we might have to have a WWIII first , and I will argue against that till my dying breath .
So. South Pole .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... renzoku bb.com said on 1/15/2010 @ 12:49 pm PT ...
guess I 'm the cynical doomer here .
Not only is the " more effort is needed " theme vein and pointless , it 's also a ruse .
The two sides derive their legitimacy with their client sheeple because of the conflict and its irresolution , not in spite of it .
When these rightwingnut hawks stop fighting and terrorizing each other 's peoples , their domestic abuses will be obvious and undeniable .
The War on Terror is a marketing campaign and excuse to murder and slander political opponents .
Harmon 's corruption required a coverup by other corrupt politicians who in turn require coverups from other corrupt politicians and the cycle continues .
That 's where Sibel Edmonds and other whistle blowers come in .
Somewhere , the chain 's gotta be broken .
So far Bradblog 's come the closest to getting those stories out there to break the chain .
so what can any and all of us do to make bradblog more effective ?
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/15/2010 @ 12:56 pm PT ...
The punchline to a great piece by John Pilger :
Just over a year ago , 1400 defenseless people in Gaza were murdered by the Israelis .
On 29 December , Mohamed Jassier became the 367th Gazan to die because people needing life - saving medical treatment are not allowed out .
Keep that in mind when you next watch the BBC " balance " such suffering with the weasel protestations of the oppressors .
In it he describes some of the successes of the boycott and divestment movement , but I think there is n't such a great chance of getting the kind of involvement and resolve as we got against South Africa .
The United States was never as heavily invested in South Africa , and South Africa did not have anywhere near the political clout here as Israel does .
This long - overdue debate , which ought n't even to be debatable , is a political third rail only because of the fantastic amount of money their political machine pours on our government officials .
It 's identical to Big Pharma , and Big Oil , and Wall Street , all the huge money interests buying and bribing and scaring the snot out of our politicians .
Our government is broken because of this shit .
So I think the boycott thing is n't so likely to get the job done ... maybe not even tone it down .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/15/2010 @ 1:02 pm PT ...
If you want an idea of what Winograd is up against , I heavily recommend you watch this hour - long Dutch documentary about AIPAC .
No. Really .
If you want to know why supposedly - decent " progressives " are backing Harmon , watch the video .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Mitch Trachtenberg said on 1/15/2010 @ 1:13 pm PT ...
In a world without racism , Israel would be where Germany is today , and Palestinians would be in Palestine .
The United States would have been pushed off of North America , or at least to a small corner of New England , for which it could pay rent .
This is crystal - clear to me , and also " completely out - of - the - question " .
The question that always comes up for me , viscerally , as I hear citizens of the United States complaining about Israeli violence , is " are you completely without shame ? "
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/15/2010 @ 1:17 pm PT ...
Truly .
What pot is calling what kettle black ?
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/15/2010 @ 1:19 pm PT ...
Which , none the less , does n't mean we should n't stop supporting Israel 's perfidies .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 1/15/2010 @ 1:33 pm PT ...
Renzoku asked : so what can any and all of us do to make bradblog more effective ?
For a start , DIGG , REDDIT , RETWEET , Fan / Like us on Facebook , etc !
Honestly , it makes a difference !
Swear to God !
Next , donations ( any ) would help me get out of the daily grind of just trying to figure out how to pay the rent , and help move us towards being able to improve / expand the site .
But , as mentioned , the easiest , most important thing to do is SPREAD THE WORD !
And I keep trying to make it as easy as possible ...
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 1/15/2010 @ 1:40 pm PT ...
David Lasagna @ 7 : the broader point is the necessity and challenge of simultaneously including the Palestinians ' viewpoint and their right to their own homeland .
They were not consulted about the conversion of their country into someone else 's ( Wading onto my own third - rail here ? )
But without the time to go into detailed specifics , in fact they were consulted .
And essentially declined to be a part of the solution .
I may regret not having the time right now to fully elucidate on the nuances of that point , but hopefully someone else can if my response actually comes up for contention here .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 1/15/2010 @ 2:26 pm PT ...
Mitch Trachtenberg said I doubt a blog is the place that will lead to a solution .
____________________
The purpose of this piece was not so much to offer a " solution " to the thorny Israel / Palestine conflict .
My intent was to address the horribly constricted range of discourse on the topic that one presently finds either inside the halls of Congress or within the press rooms of the corporate - owned media .
Since you will not find an article like this inside the pages of The New York Times or the Washington Post , or find meaningful discussion of its content discussed on CNN , MSNBC , let alone , Fox News , one has to turn to a more democratic forum --- and I know of no better forum for this type of content than The Brad Blog .
If this leads to people ranging from hard - core Zionists to anti-Zionists and everyone in between to begin communicating with one another , all the better .
So long as it is respectful , I would welcome comments from all quarters .
I get the impression , Mitch , and correct me if I 'm wrong , that you are of the opinion that individual actions towards a specific goal do n't matter --- that if a piece like this does not promptly lead to a resolution of the thorny issues of the day , why try ?
I believe that in a democracy , respectful debate and dialogue pertaining to the vital issues of the day are essential .
Yet , articles like that just posted by Brad --- Easily Hacked Diebold Systems to Decide ' Toss - Up ' U.S. Senate Special Election in MA on Tuesday --- will go largely unreported in the corporate - owned media .
Yet , Brad 's persistent efforts over the last six years , along with those of many others in the election integrity movement , have had an impact .
How effective that effort will ultimately be depends upon the willingness of individual citizens to educate themselves in an effort to make a difference , to pass on what is here at The Brad Blog and other valuable sites for others to see , read and , where appropriate , to act upon .
If you got the impression from my article that I intended to suggest that democracy is easy , then I either failed to accurately communicate my intent or you misread it .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Mitch Trachtenberg said on 1/15/2010 @ 2:37 pm PT ...
Ernest ,
You are well - named .
But after years of finding the so - called Arab - Israeli conflict to be the single topic on which civil debate invariably ( in my experience ) devolves into shouts and tears , I guess I was being somewhat negative .
Good luck with your efforts .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 1/15/2010 @ 2:38 pm PT ...
Big Dan , one has to be especially careful so that readers are not misled as to the source of a quote .
The Haaretz article you cite pertains not to Joseph Lieberman but to Israel 's foreign minister , Avigdor Lieberman .
The article reads :
The Obama Administration will put forth new peace initiatives only if Israel wants it to , said Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman in his first comprehensive interview on foreign policy since taking office .
" Believe me , America accepts all our decisions , " Lieberman told the Russian daily Moskovskiy Komosolets [ed note : I fixed it so there wo n't be any confusion .
Thanks . — 99 ]
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/15/2010 @ 2:39 pm PT ...
It 's okay , Brad , I hear China and Mexico are making a deal to give California to the Tibetans .
I 'm sure we 'll get the Governator right over to Beijing to object ....
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 1/15/2010 @ 2:55 pm PT ...
Not quite , 99 .
The Governator will be right over to Beijing to see what price he can secure in order to sell CA .
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/15/2010 @ 2:58 pm PT ...
Too true , Ernie , too true ....
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... Disillusioned said on 1/15/2010 @ 3:00 pm PT ...
Zionism , mostly because of how it was implemented , is an abomination that should have never been granted legitimacy , at least not through the Jewish terrorism acts that encouraged the British to cave and establish Israel .
A one - state solution probably is n't feasible , although its interesting to note that there is ~3.9 million Palestinians , and ~5 million Israeli Jews , which would make for an interesting 2 - party democratic system .
From a philosophical and diplomatic position , I think discussing a one state solution has some merit even if its incredibly improbable .
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 1/15/2010 @ 3:06 pm PT ...
On the other hand , Dan , your link to the Washington Post piece warrants further discussion .
The piece recites : Transcripts of the FBI wiretaps depict a possible trade of favors in which Harman expressed willingness to discuss the American Israel Public Affairs Committee prosecution with senior administration officials and , in return , backers of Israel would provide Democrats with additional campaign contributions and support Harman 's efforts to become chairman of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence , according to two sources with direct knowledge of the matter who spoke on the condition of anonymity .
Then WaPo adds : She [ Harman ] told reporters yesterday that as far as she knows , the calls in question were conversations with U.S. citizens that took place within the country .
That 's an admission that conversations took place but a claim that Harman thought she was speaking with American citizens .
In a letter to Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. , Harman said she never contacted the Justice Department or the White House to " seek favorable treatment regarding the national security cases on which I was briefed , or any other cases . "
The fact that she did not actually contact the JD or the WH does not equate to a denial that , during these admitted conversations , " Harman expressed willingness to discuss the American Israel Public Affairs Committee prosecution with senior administration officials , " as alleged by " two sources . "
The article went on to note : Harman further called on the department to release in full any transcripts and other material involving her that were collected during the federal probe , so she could make them public .
Now there 's a point on which Harman and I are in full agreement .
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 1/15/2010 @ 3:14 pm PT ...
Here allow me -- Brad @ comment # 25 --
You 're right and I was being imprecise yet again .
What I meant was more along the lines that the creation of a state of Israel in Palestine as a bold and necessary offer to the Jews who'd been pretty much shat on by everyone forever was not an idea that originated in Palestine .
So yes , they were consulted .
But it was on a mandate that was going to happen whether they wanted it or not .
Is n't that correct ?
The element of choice seems a bit hamstrung in a situation like that .
This is not to say that I think the Palestinians were correct in refusing to take part in the discussions of what was going to become of Palestine / Israel .
I think it would have been to everyone 's benefit if they had .
A conciliatory and generous negotiating posture would probably have been much more likely to produce happier outcomes .
I 'm just saying we need to understand both sides ' viewpoints throughout the history and our discussions of same .
As Lerner elucidates the Palestinians had there own long and tortured past which gave them reasons to not want to partake of this dramatic sea change .
Also , I do n't believe the Palestinians were involved in the war talk , plans , and activities from surrounding hostile Arab countries that resulted in significant further acquisition of Palestinian land by Israel .
At least according to Rabbi Lerner they were n't .
Those actions were taken by the surrouding Arab states with the Palestinians ( and Jews ) suffering the consequences .
( I'm speaking of the 1948 - 1967 period ) .
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 1/15/2010 @ 3:31 pm PT ...
Symbiont said :
If the one - state solution were pursued ( which will never happen ) , and a multi-cultural democracy were established , the Jews - increasingly in the demographic minority in Palestine - would not be able to ( democratically ) assert their interests .
Disillusioned adds : A one - state solution probably is n't feasible , although its interesting to note that there is ~3.9 million Palestinians , and ~5 million Israeli Jews , which would make for an interesting 2 - party democratic system .
____________________________
Ah , how quickly we all forget history .
I can recall the fears of white South Africans at the prospect of a democratic South Africa where black South Africans , who had suffered for years under the brutal apartheid regime , came to power .
What transpired was remarkably at odds with what was expected .
I 'm not one to ordinarily recommend seeing a commercially produced film , but perhaps , for those who have not seen it , a trip to your local theater where you can watch Invictus ( 2009 ) would be educational .
Moreover , last I checked , 5 million is greater than 3.9 million .
And it 's not a pure numbers game .
Less than 2 % of the U.S. population is Jewish , yet when it comes to US / Israel policy , those numbers mean very little .
Have we all been locked into the status quo for so long that , this close to MLK day , no one can foresee a time when Jews , Christians , Muslims and atheists could judge one - another by the content of their character and not by their ethnicity or choice of religion ( or lack thereof ) ?
Finally , for those who did not follow the link I provided in the article , Friends of Sabeel is a Palestinian Christian international peace movement .
The fact that Marcy Winograd addressed them on behalf of L.A. Jews for Peace reflects that the level of communication and understanding between Jews and Arabs is not merely possible but , in that instance , a reality .
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Mark said on 1/15/2010 @ 4:33 pm PT ...
This is a most disgusting bit of crap .
To quote Finklestein with favor , who has demeaned the Holocaust and supports groups like Hezbollah who want to repeat the Holocaust , a man whose shoddy " scholarship " is something less than , say , the flat - earth society in support of such nonsense is incredibly disgusting and disgusting .
And then to cite that anarchist terrorist Chomsky as well .
Mark my words : whenever you see Finklestein and Chomsky , you can expect an antisemitic argument .
It 's kind of like quoting Uncle Tom on racism .
Or Phyllis Schafley on feminism .
Or a so - called " ex- gay " on homosexuality .
Virtually every nation on earth , from France to Saudi Arabia , is based on national and religious identity .
To deny the Jews of Judeaea a State in Judaea while allowing the Arabs of Arabia a State in Arabia AND Judaea makes as much sense as allowing the Germans both Germany and France and assigning French children to the ovens .
Do you even know that Israel is the sole reason why millions of Jews are not massacred ?
Do you even know that a Holocaust --- a mass murder of millions of Jews --- is the goal of Hezbollah , an organization which regularly murders children and which Finklestein avidly supports ?
Do you even know that Finklestein 's scholarship is about on par with Holocaust - denier Ahmanidejad and that no one , except the most vicious Nazi antisemites , takes it seriously ?
Canning , please explain why --- without resorting to antisemitism --- you believe Jews and Jews alone have no right to the use the First Amendment to petition their Government .
And then address the fact that some 80 % of Americans support the right of Israel to exist free from the murderous terror attacks supportedd by Finklestein ( and presumably Winograd and Canning ) .
So guess what ?
It ai n't just the Jews !
The vast majority of Americans , Democrats and Republicans , support the right of Israel to live in peace , free from repeated attempts at annihilation .
How DARE you blame Jews for a position held by 80 % of Americans ?
Do you blame blacks for wanting to end apartheid in South Africa , a position also supported by the majority of Americans ?
Do you blame Germans for worrying about East Germany ( another position that most Americans supported ) ?
So why blame the Jews ?
If you hate America 's Israel policy , say so .
But blaming American Jews is disgusting .
Frankly , Brad , I 'm surprised at you .
And I 'd be even more surprised if you had the intellectual honesty to leave this comment up .
But I hope you do .
And if you believe in the First Amendment , you will .
Heck , even Carter apologized for his blatant antisemitism with regard to Israel .
I think Canning , if he is intellecually honest and is willing to cite factual sources and decent scholarship , is redeemable as well .
But seriously , it is " articles " like this one , which purport to based on " scholarship , " that lead to violence .
It is articles like this one that led to the rise of the Third Reich and will lead today to another fanatic Muslim trying to murder hundreds by putting bombs in his underwear .
If you are against all political nationalisms and you want one - world government , then fine , you 're a crazy idealist .
But if you 're against Jewish nationalism while supporting Arab nationalism and French nationalism and Russian nationalism and Muslim nationalism , etc. , then you are , by definition , a Jew - hater , because you believe that Jews --- uniquely among the peoples of the earth --- do not deserve a state .
Need I remind anyone that knows anything that the Jewish People predates the Jewish religion ?
That Jews are named by the land which they are from ( Judeaea ) ?
That they are as much from Judeaea as the Arabs of Arabia ?
That they are the ONLY people on earth for which millions STILL seek to murder every last one of them ?
And that Israel is the only thing that stands in the way of genocide ?
Need I remind anyone that Israel NEVER intentionally kills civilians while its opponents ALWAYS do ?
That Israel does its best to avoid civilian casualties , but when an Arab child dies , Hamas and Hezbollah celebrate !
( which is why they put their weapons in schools and mosques )
Need I remind anyone that " Palestinians " did n't exist until the 1960's , that the Arabs have 23 states , that there were were Jewish refugees than Arabs refugees in 1948 , that the Arabs supported Hitler 's Holocaust , that Israel has repeatedly offered the Arabs a State of their own that they have repeatedly refused , or that Israel completely left Gaza and that in leaving Gaza , the people now live in misery controlled by a terrorist dictatorship devoted to war and oppression ?
I could go on and on and on .
But obviously the writer --- and sadly , most of the commentators --- do n't know the first thing about Jewish or Arab history , about the State of Israel , or the State of Jordan .
Please do n't be willfully ignorant .
But if you are willing to believe this complete hateful nonsense , I urge you still PLEASE to not strap on a suicide bomb .
Jews are people too .
Please do not try to kill them .
They have a right to live , like every people on earth .
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 1/15/2010 @ 5:00 pm PT ...
With all due respect , Mark , your hysterical rant suggests that you did not read past the headline of my piece , let alone Prof .
Finkelstein's well - written , scholarly work .
I find little in your diatribe to distinguish it from some of the off - the - wall claims the wing - nuts made about health care during the town hall meetings , e.g. , nowhere in my piece did I so much as hint that anyone , including Israel , should not exist " free of terrorist attacks . "
Unfortunately , I do not see where you express any concern whatsoever for the right of Palestinian children to exist free of Israeli state terrorism .
Calm yourself , take a deep breath , go to the library and check out Finkelstein 's Beyond Chutzpah --- educate yourself on the facts and then return and I will be glad to hold an adult conversation with you .
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 1/15/2010 @ 5:02 pm PT ...
Mark @ 36
The term " Zionism " was apparently coined in 1891 by the Austrian publicist Nathan Birnbaum , to describe the new ideology .
It is also used to describe anyone who believes Jews should return to their ancient homeland .
Frankly Mark ... your comment is too long to construct a meaningful response .
So I 'll just deal with Zionism , the belief that some Jews possess that tells them they are entitled their own homeland .
I 'm sure many African Americans would be called friggin ' nuts if they went to Ghana and demanded that it be declared their homeland ... and then made Ghanians live in a virtual concentration camp .
Our own Native Americans ... do n't they have a right to their own homeland ?
Just where do you think they 'll choose to make that homeland ?
Zionism is simply western imperialism ... a way for the west ( mainly the U.S. ) to have a presence in the oil rich , militarily strategic middle east .
Suppose Buddhists from all over Asia decided to go back to India and declare it their homeland ...?
I do n't think the Hindus or Muslims will be too happy about that .
European Jews are European Jews ... their homeland is Poland , Germany , France , Russia etc .
I want you to explain what gives European Jews the right to inprison Arabs and dominate a region simply by decree ?
A one state solution would be a return of Palestine to it 's original state ... Arabs and Jews living in Palestine as one people , 2 religions ...
Tell me that 's a ludicious idea .
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 1/15/2010 @ 5:08 pm PT ...
And Mark ... for the record ...
Arabs do n't hate Jews ; Arabs hate Zionism .
Arabs and Jews lived side by side in Palestine relatively peacefully for centuries .
Their conflict did n't get heated until some mook introduced the idea of Jewish Zionism .
It is you my friend that should do some even minded research .
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 1/15/2010 @ 5:11 pm PT ...
Oh , and Mark , what do you have to say to those on the Right who claim this is a " Christian America ? "
Would you feel discriminated against if only Christians had first class citizenship and all the rest of us were relegated to second class status ?
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/15/2010 @ 5:15 pm PT ...
Those links are just info I have noticed and saved over time .
Yes , I thought that , too , about Lieberman ... that it was Joe Lieberman ( but what 's the difference ?
LOL !)
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/15/2010 @ 5:19 pm PT ...
The one thing that gets me about Israel is : IT 'S A FOREIGN COUNTRY !
And we act like it is n't !
It 's just as foreign to ME , being an American , as any Arab country , or France , or ANY other country !
And I do n't understand why we seem to bend over backwards for this foreign country Israel all the time , and our media definitely is biased towards Israel .
That 's not even up for argument , that our media is biased towards Israel ... which is a foreign country .
Sometimes I think we bend over backwards for Israel more than for our own Americans .
Did you know Israel has universal national health care ?
Did you notice the media NEVER mentions this ?
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/15/2010 @ 5:40 pm PT ...
NORMAN FINKELSTEIN IS A HERO WITH MORE INTEGRITY IN HIS LEFT PINKY THAN MOST PEOPLE HAVE IN THEIR WHOLE BODY .
Period .
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 1/15/2010 @ 8:44 pm PT ...
Mark @ 36 : a ) You 're lovably crazy .
b)
You said : Frankly , Brad , I 'm surprised at you .
And I 'd be even more surprised if you had the intellectual honesty to leave this comment up .
But I hope you do .
And if you believe in the First Amendment , you will .
The First Amendment , though we 're ardent supporters , has nothing to do with what I decide to keep up on the private property of my blog .
That said , we leave all comments up , unless they are in violation of the few commenting rules we have , which I do n't believe you 've violated ( the one you came closest to was " knowing disinformation " , but since I actually think you believe the bulk of the nonsense you just posted , I do n't think it 's knowing disinformation , just ignorant repetition of what you 've been told by Rush , Dubya and friends . )
Heck , even Carter apologized for his blatant antisemitism with regard to Israel .
Really ?
Got URL ?
I 'm unfamiliar with him apologizing for " blatant antisemitism " with regard to anything .
c)
You also said : I could go on and on and on .
You already did .
What were you thinking ?!
You should have been guarding against underwear bombers who want to kill you !!!
Good luck to you and your blood pressure .
Peace .
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... ron_woodward said on 1/16/2010 @ 1:52 am PT ...
During my lifetime I have witnessed the decline of the US Republic into a corporate communist welfare / warfare state .
The USA has conducted several preemptive wars excused by her declaration she is bringing " democracy " to various have - not nations .
She implies the 7.2 millions Asians she has killed in the process are better off dead .
Similarly , the US citizen has no other choice but to follow the dictates of the military / industrial complex against his better interests .
He has the chutzpah to assume only he has the proper moral outlook to judge the conduct of other nations .
Somehow , a number of self - styled experts insist they qualify to discuss " Zionism & State Terrorism . "
I live 22 miles east of Egypt within the range of Iran - supplied missiles .
Humbly , I ask the pundits to spend a little time conversing with ordinary folks in the region before they pontificate about policy .
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 1/16/2010 @ 4:50 am PT ...
The " Seven Jewish Americans " that control the media does n't include Haim Saban ?
hmmm
http://www.brookings.edu/saban.aspx
Thx fer link niners
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 1/16/2010 @ 8:48 am PT ...
ron_woodward @ 45 I live 22 miles east of Egypt within the range of Iran - supplied missiles .
Humbly , I ask the pundits to spend a little time conversing with ordinary folks in the region before they pontificate about policy .
And Arabs live under the threat of Israeli nuclear warheads supplied by the West ...
Pardon the well read and thoughtfully considered reporters and commenters on this blog for not living in Egpyt .
Zionism is state sponsored terrorism ... plain and simple .
Menachem Begin was Britain 's most sought after terrorist ; google Menachem Begin and the bombing of Jerusalem 's King David hotel .
That tidbit may seem unrelated to your comment ... but a nation , Israel that used terrorism as a tool to independence and has nuclear arms pointed at it 's neighbors at this very moment ... ca n't all the sudden cry foul when it is threatened with the very same realities .
call it karma , divine justice or what goes around comes around ....
Zionism is at it 's very core ... imperialist , racist and unjust .
COMMENT # 48 [ Permalink ]
... Mitch Trachtenberg said on 1/16/2010 @ 11:13 am PT ...
Zionism is state sponsored terrorism ... plain and simple .
And so it goes , Mr. Woodward , so it goes .
If you are a sabra , it does n't matter .
Americans will explain that you are illegitimate , because your grandparents were immigrants who actually had to fight to establish their country .
They will ignore the fact that all citizens of the United States ( except indigenous people ) are living on land stolen only five to ten generations ago .
They will explain that you are a Western imperialist , even if you came from the Soviet Union or Africa .
They will cry tears for what your army does to civilian Palestinians , giving no though to what the surrounding states would do to your civilians if they had your strength .
They will hold you to a standard no other nation is held to , certainly not their own , and they will cite chapter and verse of every excess in which your government has engaged , as if no other nation has engaged in excess .
And , the galling part : they 'll feel morally superior while doing it .
I 'm sorry .
COMMENT # 49 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/16/2010 @ 11:28 am PT ...
Yes , well , Mitch , much as I agree with you about this pot calling kettle black thing , the upshot of that thinking is that because Americans are hypocrites about the genocide of the rightful inhabitants of a given location , it 's actually okay for Israelis to keep slaughtering Palestinians .
Whether our country was gained by identical means is moot .
It does n't make it okay to do this anywhere .
Would that there had been international action against the murderating fucks who established the United States .
We might be living in Eden now .
Palestine might be Eden someday if Israelis stop slaughtering people , whether they do it in place or on the South Pole .
COMMENT # 50 [ Permalink ]
... Mitch Trachtenberg said on 1/16/2010 @ 11:43 am PT ...
When you insist that one people follow a different set of rules than others , that 's bigotry .
When you hold people to a different standard , that 's bigotry .
When you NOTICE one people 's behavior more than others , that 's bigotry .
And I think you and others would be well - advised to follow Mr. Woodward 's advice , and stop pontificating from afar about the behavior of a country that has been under attack since birth .
Having said that , I 'll engage in a bit of my own pontification , with all due embarrassment .
I 'm an American non-religious , non-believing Jew .
I 'm continually astonished that so many American Jews provide cover to the anti-semitism involved in attacks on Israel .
I am convinced that there are psychological issues behind this , which I do n't pretend to understand .
Israel 's behavior in response to attacks stands up against the behavior of any other nation in world history .
You need n't look far .
Compare the United States response to a few Saudis with knives --- Guantanamo , secret prisons , the invasion of Iraq , the reduction of domestic civil rights --- with Israel 's reaction over 50 years of statehood under continual threat of annihilation .
Yes , Israel is on land that does n't belong to it , except by ridiculous claim to biblical history .
Let 's not pretend that , if we go back a few generations , the same can not be said of every nation on the planet .
The difference is , Israel is small , Israel is new , and Israel is Jewish .
And now , I need to take my blood pressure pill .
COMMENT # 51 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 1/16/2010 @ 11:56 am PT ...
The " attacks " you describe , Mitch , are typical of those one always anticipates from an occupied people , as the French learned in Algeria .
But since you and Mr. Woodward seem to imply that no one can have a valid opinion on the subject unless they live in harm 's way , consider the words of Avraham Burg , Former Speaker of the Israeli Parliament and former Chairman of the Jewish Agency for Israel and the World Zionist Organization ; author of The Holocaust Is Over : We Must Rise from its Ashes as he appeared on Democracy Now : AMY GOODMAN : Pull out all the settlements .
AVRAHAM BURG : Yeah , it pollutes our morality , and it contaminates our policy .
And we became hostages of the messianic and eschatological policy of the settlers , which actually leads Israel into a de facto one - state solution , which discriminates one people over the other people .
In other words , in Burg 's view , Israel has already moved toward a one - state solution --- one in which the Palestinian territories are analogous to Native American reservations as the Palestinians are accorded a subjugated status .
Quite different from the " one - state solution " proposed by Marcy Winograd .
COMMENT # 52 [ Permalink ]
... Mitch Trachtenberg said on 1/16/2010 @ 12:05 pm PT ...
Scare quotes around " attacks " ?
They do n't actually exist ?
They do n't actually kill civilians ?
Do n't misinterpret me .
If you want to compare Israel 's behavior with that of France in Algeria , or that of Yugoslavia , or Russia , or China in Tibet , or the United States versus the world , that 's fine .
If you want to compare the civil rights of Arab citizens of Israel with that of Arab citizens of Egypt or Jordan , or , hell , Jewish citizens of Saudi Arabia , fine .
Talk about how nations should not commit genocide .
Talk about how nations should respect the civil rights of minorities .
Israel 's no saint of a nation , thank god , and I would n't begin to excuse attacks by some of its forces on unarmed Palestinian civilians .
But , again , Israel 's behavior is , if anything , FAR BETTER than the typical behavior of a nation under attack .
And yet the American left ALWAYS finds Israel to be the nation most worthy of complaint , partially because you can always get pictures and information out of Israel as events take place , and because people who speak out against the government are not immediately killed .
It IS anti-semitism , it IS bigotry , and it IS disgusting .
And now I 'll just sit back and wait for the complaints about my " false accusations " to come pouring in , and I 'll see if Brad Friedman is willing to say anything .
COMMENT # 53 [ Permalink ]
... Mitch Trachtenberg said on 1/16/2010 @ 12:19 pm PT ...
You talk about the French in Algeria .
When the French were forced out of Algeria , was there any place in the world they could go ?
If Jews were to be forced out of Israel , is there any place in the world they can go ?
COMMENT # 54 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 1/16/2010 @ 12:20 pm PT ...
Conflating anti-Zionism with Anti-Semitism ....
Mitch and Mr. Woodward ignore that Arabs and Jews lived in Palestine relatively peacefully pre-Zionism .
It is Zionism that caused the Arab - Israeli wars ... not anti Semitism .
Mitch 's and Mr. Woodward 's arguments are intellectually fallible because they confuse the two .
Mr. Trachtenberg I 'm an African American ... my presence here in America is unique to human history , just as the Jew 's history is ....
I understand injustice when I see it as others here do .
Israel 's moral standing as related to Zionism is weak .
From my African American perspective ... seems the abused have become the abusers .
Sadly that is n't unique to human history .
COMMENT # 55 [ Permalink ]
... Mitch Trachtenberg said on 1/16/2010 @ 12:20 pm PT ...
Besides , as someone on this thread suggested , the South Pole ?
COMMENT # 56 [ Permalink ]
... Mitch Trachtenberg said on 1/16/2010 @ 12:27 pm PT ...
BlueHawk ,
Be careful about the difference between Zionism and the birth of Israel .
Zionism , in my opinion , is pretty dubious at best .
Israel came about because of the Holocaust .
Israel is a home for the survivors of Europe 's anti-semitism ; because the donors were racists , it was exceptionally convenient to locate it on land that had " no one of any importance , " and for which Zionists were clamoring .
I am in complete agreement with anyone who thinks the vast majority of Palestinians have been screwed over by the West .
My issue is that , with all the incredible cruelty that nations invoke on their minority populations , the one that always gets singled out as an example of modern - day Nazism is the one that was founded by a group of people with nowhere else to go .
COMMENT # 57 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 1/16/2010 @ 12:41 pm PT ...
Mitch Trachtenberg @ 56
You 're playing fast and loose with facts .
Israel exists because of Zionism .
There are many holocausted people in the history of the world ... Africans , Albanians , Jews , Cambodians , Native Americans ... sadly I could go on ... Not wanting to sound uncaring but the Jewish holocaust is n't unique to Jews .
Zionism was first expressed in 1891 ... the holocaust was simply a Jewish justification for disenfranchiing Arab Palestinians .
As I said ... the abused became the abusers .
COMMENT # 58 [ Permalink ]
... Mitch Trachtenberg said on 1/16/2010 @ 12:51 pm PT ...
Yes , BlueHawk , I agree that Zionism created the path towards the State of Israel .
But I do n't believe I 'm playing fast and loose with facts when I say that Israel exists because of the genocide on the part of Germans and others against their Jewish populations .
Of course there have been other holocausts in history , both ancient and modern .
What you had following the German genocide was a situation where the survivors were offered a choice between staying in a society that had just demonstrated the depth of its hatred , or moving to a shiny new country of their own , promised to them by the world community via the League of Nations and the United Nations .
It was through League / UN mandates that all the other nations in the area came to exist , as well .
By what divine right is Saudi Arabia ruled by its King ?
Again , I do n't mean to minimize the disaster that Israel has represented for Palestinians .
But the Jewish population of Israel cannot return to , say , Germany .
That does make the situation of Jewish Israeli 's unique .
COMMENT # 59 [ Permalink ]
... mick said on 1/16/2010 @ 12:59 pm PT ...
A well reasoned article as usual Ernest .
And nobody can argue with the " third rail " analogy .
Political suicide / career suicide can result talking publicly about Israel 's behavior towards the Palestinians , Israel 's behavior towards the Lebanese , Israel 's behavior towards Syrians , Israel 's behavior towards Iranians etc .
Imagine this story in your News paper or News media of choice ,60 years late but a " Long Overdue Debate " .
Also , " the religious and ethnic - based insecurity of Zionism " would be a hard statement to prove by example .
And 99 your comments and awesome in their frankness , you kick ass .
COMMENT # 60 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 1/16/2010 @ 1:00 pm PT ...
Mitch @ 58 Germany was the only option Jews had for a place to live ... not the U.S. , not France , not England ?
I thought the European Jews homeland was IN EUROPE .
And please do n't tell me that the United States was an unwelcoming nation for persecuted Jews .
Mitch you 're being obtuse ...
COMMENT # 61 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 1/16/2010 @ 1:12 pm PT ...
Mitch I invite you to read this link ...
Jews against Zionism I would be interested to hear your reactions ... I 'm not Jewish and I 'm not claiming to an expert on Judaism .
Your reaction to what this site proclaims will be helpful to my understanding .
COMMENT # 62 [ Permalink ]
... Mitch Trachtenberg said on 1/16/2010 @ 1:15 pm PT ...
BlueHawk , I 've got to go , but I appreciate your willingness to limit your harshness to my being " obtuse . "
My email is account mjtrac at the mail site gmail.com , if you 'd like to continue this off - blog , but I 'll be away for several hours .
If I have n't heard from you , I 'll post a reply on the blog at some point .
COMMENT # 63 [ Permalink ]
... mick said on 1/16/2010 @ 1:16 pm PT ...
" Israel came about because of the Holocaust . "
WTF
The Holocaust has been used in the most disgusting way imaginable .
A more accurate statement would be " Israel came about because of State Sponsored Terrorism " .
COMMENT # 64 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/16/2010 @ 1:22 pm PT ...
Mitch Israelis can return to their native countries .
Those who were born in Palestine can stay in Palestine or go to the native countries of their parents and grandparents ... in almost all cases .
Russia and Germany I 'm sure would welcome any or all of them .
The U.S. would welcome them .
Plenty of humans across the globe might still be angry as hell with them for their murderating ways , hypocritically or not , but they'd take them and that would be an end to it .
It 's this homeland for a bunch of people who are their religion one minute and astonishingly hypocritically calling themselves a race the next , all of it held down from usability in the application of sense by the Holocaust Industry , that is preventing too many people from rushing in to stop the inexcusably evil activities of the Israeli government .
We can't even console ourselves that the people of Israel do not back them because the atrocity in Gaza has something like 90 % approval in the Israeli public ... which , along with the clear intention to genocide their way into safety and supremacy in the Palestinian homeland , is why I am stumping for the South Pole instead of this whole planet full of more accommodating choices .
And whether or not it is indeed your intention to minimize the disaster , you are minimizing the disaster .
COMMENT # 65 [ Permalink ]
... mick said on 1/16/2010 @ 1:23 pm PT ...
" Zionists chose not to acknowledge Birobidjan , the voluntary Jewish homeland ( supported by American Jewry since 1928 ) of the Jewish Autonomous Region ( on the border of Russia and China ) .
To this day this is a flourishing Jewish homeland - a largely unsung region "
COMMENT # 66 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/16/2010 @ 1:32 pm PT ...
Maybe I should remind everyone that the Nazis had similar excuses for exterminating Jews .
COMMENT # 67 [ Permalink ]
... mick said on 1/16/2010 @ 1:48 pm PT ...
" Few people know the facts about the singular event that helped spark what ultimately became known as World War II - the international Jewish declaration of war on Germany shortly after Adolf Hitler came to power and well before any official German government sanctions or reprisals against Jews were carried out .
The March 24 , 1933 issue of The Daily Express of London ( shown here ) described how Jewish leaders , in combination with powerful international Jewish financial interests , had launched a boycott of Germany for the express purpose of crippling her already precarious economy in the hope of bringing down the new Hitler regime .
It was only then that Germany struck back in response .
Thus , if truth be told , it was the worldwide Jewish leadership - not the Third Reich - that effectively fired the first shot in the Second World War .
Prominent New York attorney Samuel Untermyer ( above right ) was one of the leading agitators in the war against Germany , describing the Jewish campaign as nothing less than a " holy war . " "
COMMENT # 68 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/16/2010 @ 1:58 pm PT ...
mick I have no idea if Willis Carto is in fact an anti-Semite , or if it 's just the popular smear tactic at work , but I think it is ill - advised to cite material that can be traced back to him when trying to argue for the Palestinians ' right to life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness ....
COMMENT #69 [ Permalink ]
... mick said on 1/16/2010 @ 2:03 pm PT ...
For Israel , a Reckoning
By John Pilger
January 15 , 2010 " Information Clearing House "
COMMENT # 70 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 1/16/2010 @ 2:09 pm PT ...
Dear Mitch ,
I 'm confused by many of your words and much of your tone in comments # 48 # 50 # 52 .
1 . What happened to Mr. Manners ?( just kidding ) 2 . You 're angry about Israel being unfairly singled out ?
By whom ?
Commenters or posters here ?
Are n't the usual suspects here decrying injustice wherever it happens ?
That 's what I certainly mean to be doing .
My core curriculum people Zinn , Chomsky , Eqbal Ahmad , Naomi Klein , Glenn Greenwald , Amy Goodman , etc , etc , are not playing favorites on calling out crimes against humanity .
At least not the way I read them .
I 'm confused about who you 're mad at .
2 . There are plenty of Israelis who are critical of their country .
The Other Israel is a book of powerful essays written solely by Israelis .
A number of them had been in the military serving in the territories .
It 's a real eye opener .
3 . The book I mentioned earlier by Rabbi Michael Lerner -- Healing Israel / Palestine : A Path to Peace and Reconciliation -- is extremely critical of both sides .
He 's a Jew , Rabbi , and psychiatrist who 's spent a lot of time over many years in Israel talking to many people from all different sides of the issue .
Can you show me or explain how he might be singling out Israel for unfair racist criticism ?
I just mean to point out again that I think there are plenty of fair , unbiased , non-racist , not anti-semitic people out there who are being critical not just on behalf of the Palestinians but because they see Israel going down a road to ruin and they want her to succeed with all their hearts .
4 . Your cries of foul seem to be proving Ernest 's point in the post , that this subject is taboo .
And that we should be having more discussion .
And so here we are .( watch out for sore shoulders from patting ourselves on the back ) 5 . When one reads the first hand accounts in The Other Israel and from articles written today by people over there witnessing events , I do n't think you can reasonably make the claim that the Israelis are doing a much better , fairer , less punishing job of protecting themselves than others throughout history .
I mean , hard to compare atrocities to determine if one atrocity is more humane than another , but to me it horrifically sounds like business as usual in demeaning and making life as impossible as possible for yet another " other " .
6 . Mitch , from me personally I want you to know that I do not feel special animosity or outrage for Israelis .
Of course I may be deluded but in my own mind I 'm not singling them out .
I am heartbroken by our treatment of Native Americans for the last 500 - 600 years .
I am heartbroken by our treatment of the Haitians that so contributed to their current misery .
I am heartbroken and appalled at the treatment of the Jews from so many oppressors for so many years .
And I 'm heartbroken and angered at the oppression the Jews are now beleaguring the Palestinians with .
I could go on and on but you get the point .
COMMENT # 71 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 1/16/2010 @ 2:32 pm PT ...
With all due respect , Mick , your suggestion in # 67 that some obscure article appearing in London 's Daily Express amounts to an " international Jewish declaration of war on Germany " that " helped spark what ultimately became known as World War II " is both " off - topic " and ludicrous .
As revealed by Richard Evans in The Coming of the Third Reich , as early as 1921 Hitler declared he would imprison German Jews in concentration camps .
Dachau was not an improvised solution , but a long - planned measure .
Evans notes that from the moment Hitler ascended to the position of Reich Chancellor , " columns of paramilitaries marched past [ President ] Ludendorf ’s window .
Observers likened the moment to the spirit of 1914 , overlooking that it was that spirit led to war .
It was the Nazi ’s intent from 1/30/33 onward to put the nation on a permanent war footing . "
Both World War II and the Holocaust were precisely what the Nazis had intended for Germany from the beginning .
Their madness did not arise as a reaction to a real " international Jewish conspiracy " --- that was simply the propaganda the Nazis resorted to and which present day anti-Semites continue to cling to .
I had hoped this piece would get people communicating with one another with an eye towards an empathetic understanding of the others point of view .
That objective cannot be achieved if we are constantly sniping at one another about who has done what to whom .
What is needed are constructive ways to move away from the madness that has had Jews and Palestinians killing one another for the past 60 years to a peaceful tomorrow in which all can learn to respect and appreciate one another .
COMMENT # 72 [ Permalink ]
... mick said on 1/16/2010 @ 2:59 pm PT ...
Ernest one thing that surprises me since " paying attention " to the Palestinians plight is the amount of hidden information .
I was not suggesting that Jews started WW2 .
But the media has been perverted from honest examination of things related to Jewish history .
If you are Palestinian Nekba would mean as much to you as the Holocaust means to Jews .
COMMENT # 73 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/16/2010 @ 3:18 pm PT ...
What is needed are constructive ways to move away from the madness that has had Jews and Palestinians killing one another for the past 60 years to a peaceful tomorrow in which all can learn to respect and appreciate one another .
Move Israel to the South Pole .
Dissolve Israel and restore Palestine , with citizens of whatever religion , race or national origin enjoying equal status .
Israel is dangerous for more reasons than it was wrong to instate it to begin with , all its murderation in the name of " self - defense " and its clear intent to do to Palestinians what was done to the Native Americans :
With no Israel , the perfidies of the lobby are greatly diminished , and the Armageddon so many fundamentalists are spoiling for on its account is obviated .
Stumping for the two state solution is hinky enough , though feasible , if the settlements are all abandoned and things restored to the pre-1967 borders , but completely pernicious to even talk about without those conditions ... and that is what way too many are trying to do , incoherent as it is .
There are n't any half measures short of the half measures of dropping everything , adhering to the UN resolutions , and instating an Israel and a Palestine with equal status as nations , that can approach Israelis and Palestinians learning to respect and appreciate each other .
The feasible half measure has already been proposed and backed by the entire world , but the Israelis wo n't go there , and can't be made to because of our protection .
So either stop protecting them and help make them adhere to the UN resolutions for the two state solution , or let the people who want to rectify matters in defense of the Palestinians who continue to be mercilessly slaughtered after over six decades bring about the one state solution .
The Israelis have made it abundantly clear that it will be a one state solution , their way .
If their way is unacceptable , and it is , let it be the other way .
COMMENT # 74 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/16/2010 @ 3:27 pm PT ...
Seriously wonderful people have been screaming that it is against Israel 's interests to let this continue for quite a while now and Israel and its proponents have done naught but get them fired from their jobs and prevented from holding others for having the audacity to impede them in their determination to have Zion .
Insofar as they suffer any casualties from Arabs it is 100 % a consequence of their clear imperative to kill any and all they can't drive out .
The question is only whether the world can be made to shove its condemnation of this holocaust and be propagandized into calling it merely the unhappy way nations are established .
COMMENT # 75 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/16/2010 @ 3:28 pm PT ...
It does n't stop being a third rail until this is settled completely once and for all .
COMMENT # 76 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 1/16/2010 @ 4:09 pm PT ...
I 'm still working hard on a deadline , so have n't been able to follow this thread closely today , and wo n't be able to over the next 24 or so .
Seems most are being generally respectful of each other , and hashing things out in the " long - overdue debate " category .
And that 's fine .
And I hope that such courtesy will continue .
That said .
A couple of replies to Blue Hawk at various , who said :
And please do n't tell me that the United States was an unwelcoming nation for persecuted Jews .
Of course it was , BH .
Sounds like your not familiar with the history of anti-semetism in the U.S.
A fine place to start is with the story of the MS St. Louis which , in 1939 , brought hundreds of persecuted Jews fleeing Nazi Germany , only to be refused port in the U.S. by FDR .
They were sent back to the death camps .
You can read more about that beginning here .
the holocaust was simply a Jewish justification for disenfranchiing Arab Palestinians .
That 's utter nonsense , as others have spoken to here I believe ( thank you , Ernie ) .
I believe you 're a good guy , BH , so do n't believe you had any ill - will in your beliefs .
But they are rather misguided --- and / or skewed by some pretty ugly ( likely purposely anti-Semitic ) propaganda --- on this point .
Conflating anti-Zionism with Anti-Semitism ....
The conflation happens for a reason .
Because MUCH of the anti-Zionism in both the U.S. and around the world is , in fact , an easy mask for Anti-Semitism .
That 's just one of the reasons the discussion is so difficult to have , and one of the reasons why Jews tend to be so ( understandably , but overly ) touchy about it .
Knowing you a bit via your comments here , BH , I do n't suspect you have an anti-Semitic bone in your body , in truth .
But it is clear from your comments on this thread , that you 've been fooled by a number of anti-Semitic " talking points " .
There are many opportunists out there who use the mask of legitimate questions about Israel 's behavior to mask their very real anti-Semitism .
If you have n't figured that out yet , I 'd urge you to pay a bit more attention .
In fact , even as the discussion here has remained largely civil , there a couple of points of discussion which tread mercifully close to anti-Semitism .
So again , I urge folks to tread carefully and respectfully on such a discussion , and mind where they are getting their " talking points " from .
( eg. 99's case that Israel should be done away with and / or moved to the South Pole , is naive , over - simplified and potentially dangerous .
While I do n't believe she makes the point in an anti-Semetic way , I suspect she does n't realize how others might use that same point to express very real anti-Semetic points of view .
It also completely ignores hundreds of years of Jewish persecution , for which Israel was ultimately set up in response to .... whether BH understands it as much that way yet or not . )
And to Mitch Trachtenberg , on the other side of the coin , who said at various : the American left ALWAYS finds Israel to be the nation most worthy of complaint
That 's an extraordinary and inaccurate --- and yes , offensive --- over - generalization which I suspect you did n't actually mean , had you 'd bothered to stop to ponder it before writing it in your zeal here .
It IS anti-semitism , it IS bigotry , and it IS disgusting .
And now I 'll just sit back and wait for the complaints about my " false accusations " to come pouring in , and I 'll see if Brad Friedman is willing to say anything .
I 've already said something about that above , in my comments in reply to BlueHawk .
I believe it is often anti-Semitism , as noted , but it is not always and , in the bargain , legitimate criticism of Israel and U.S. policies towards it , have gone far too long as a third - rail , IMO .
This thread , however , bears witness to just how difficult is to to have that conversation .
That said , all in all , everyone seems to be doing rather well here and staying civil and respectful .
Hope that continues .
I 'm continually astonished that so many American Jews provide cover to the anti-semitism involved in attacks on Israel .
If they do , they should be ashamed .
If you feel I have done that ( or am doing so ) , I hope you 'll call me out for it as appropriate .
And again , I urge all to think before they post , in order to assure that their beliefs --- no matter which side of the debate you might fall on --- are based on legitimate points , as opposed to veiled hatred , from you , or from anyone else .
Now back to deadlines ...
COMMENT # 77 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/16/2010 @ 4:31 pm PT ...
Not to split hairs , but stumping for moving Israel to the South Pole cannot be construed as anti-Semitic .
While Brad has a point that people who hate Jews might like to use it , it does n't distract from the fact that Israel needs to be made to stop murdering its neighbors or moved or completely dissolved .
It is not anti-Semitic to have antipathy for Israel ... to revile Israel 's entire history of slaughtering Arabs and very apparent disinclination to stop .
I know Israel likes to conflate itself with Judaism and many Jews like to do that too , but Israel is a rogue state and it must be stopped .
One could also argue , from this same perspective , that the United States should be moved to the South Pole , and I would probably argue that vehemently if I were n't so busy dithering on whether I ought n't move there myself to get away from all this corruption and killing and hating and polemicizing .
A nice igloo with a good broadband connection sounds kind of preferable to me ....
COMMENT # 78 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 1/16/2010 @ 4:48 pm PT ...
Of all the excellent points Brad makes in comment # 76 , the words " bothered to stop to ponder it before writing it in your zeal " which he applied to Mitch but which I believe appropriately apply to all who chose to weigh in on this topic , are perhaps the most significant .
The " third rail " nature of this topic arises not only because of the constricted level of discourse here within the U.S. but because , on both sides of the Israel / Palestine divide , emotions are raw and " on edge . "
A good deal of time and thought went into this piece as I wanted to minimize the possibility that individuals on either side of the divide misinterpreted the deeply felt feelings I wanted to convey .
For those who have followed my writing , you know that if I have a bias , it is one which favors peace over war , equality over the inequities of our capitalist system , honesty over corruption , brotherhood and sisterhood over racism and sexism , justice and accountability for war crimes as opposed to sophistries and political expediency .
I wrote this article in large measure because I saw in Marcy Winograd 's " One State Solution " speech an incredible level of courage to address a topic that , until now , has been taboo for any American running for public office --- even for progressive Jewish American politicians --- and I felt strongly that it is both wrong and hypocritical to refuse to condemn wars of aggression and violence irrespective of whether that violence comes from al Qaeda , Hamas or from any nation - state , including both Israel the United States --- especially from the U.S. , which is , militarily , by far the most powerful nation on earth .
The core point I made here is the one I 've made elsewhere --- the need to acquire an empathetic understanding of the other 's point of view .
You are entitled to your opinions and can , within the rules of this blog , express them .
I would only ask that , before you commit your thoughts to a posted comment , you ponder how they may be received by the other ; that you ponder whether you are furthering a dialogue that can potentially lead to a better world ; or simply being provocative in a manner that will inflame the other and cause them to shut their minds to what it is you desire to say .
COMMENT # 79 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/16/2010 @ 4:55 pm PT ...
Oh , oh , and , well , that is also if one is inclined to just let Jews have Semitism all to themselves , and I am , because there are only so many windmills one can tilt simultaneously .
It has been pointed out that Palestinians in fact qualify as Semitic too :
The term Semite means a member of any of various ancient and modern Semitic - speaking peoples originating in southwestern Asia , including Akkadians , Canaanites , Phoenicians , Hebrews , Arabs , and Ethiopian Semites .
and so European Jews ought n't have started using the term , but common usage has it that " anti-Semitic " means to be anti-Jew .
So I know it 's hard to keep all the terms and concepts straight , so long have they been obfuscated by propaganda and attempts to excuse the inexcusable and all the other forces that come to bear on thorny issues , but Israel is not Judaism or Jews .
It 's a state .
COMMENT # 80 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 1/16/2010 @ 5:19 pm PT ...
You are quite right , 99 .
The word , Semite , can apply to many peoples of the region , and to the extent that anti-Arab and anti-Muslim sentiments are deeply embedded in American culture --- as I 've noted in my earlier articles dealing with hate speech --- it may be said that American culture is tinged by anti-Semitism , even as its government has adopted a pro-Zionist line .
The problem I have with the thought of moving Jews from Israel to the North Pole or to any other region is the same problem I have with forcing Palestinians to leave the region .
The thought behind Marcy 's " One State Solution " envisions the survival of Israel , but not an Israel as strictly a Jewish nation any more than the United States should be a Christian nation .
Her vision is of a truly democratic Israel , shared by Jews , Muslims , Christians ( and hopefully a few atheists like me ) who come to realize that the commonality of their humanity outweighs their differences .
It is a vision of a nation and a region at peace .
Hatred , hostility , mistrust , objectification of the other --- some of it expressed in comments posted here --- these are things that lead to perpetual war .
The one question I would pose to Zionists --- though the question could be applied to all who choose war as their path :
All the violence ; the large apartheid wall ; all the bombs ; all the Palestinian homes that have been bulldozed ; all the alleged " terrorists " who have been killed or tortured over these past sixty years ---
After all that , do you feel safe ?
If not , how many more must die until you do ?
COMMENT # 81 [ Permalink ]
... Mitch Trachtenberg said on 1/16/2010 @ 5:26 pm PT ...
BlueHawk , I said I 'd get back to you about the Jews against Zionism link .
I think I owe you my honest opinion , which is that I think the people behind the link are wacked - out religious nutcases .
They are upset that Israel was formed without the proper decree trumpeted by Yahweh from the clouds .
Mick , I hope you find peace .
99 , We disagree , but if you find a good igloo , please let me know , and maybe we can split broadband charges .
David Lasagna , Mr. Manners always gets dumped when the subject turns to Israel , sorry .
Survival before etiquette , I 'm afraid .
W/r/t your point 3 , I suspect Lerner articulates much of what I feel .
W/r/t 6 , I apologize to anyone if I 've suggested that criticism of Israel is necessarily anti-semitic .
All , I was born in the late 1950s and grew up in a Jewish neighborhood in New York .
Collecting charity for " trees for Israel " was a regular activity , and we were all indoctrinated in Hebrew school about how the State of Israel was pure as the driven snow , and taught about how all the land was purchased from the Arabs .
Everybody watched Exodus every year ... it was like " It 's a Wonderful Life " at Christmas .
I do n't know when I realized that what I 'd been taught was not precisely true , but I 'm sure it still informs my attitudes .
Nevertheless , I do think much of the American left singles out Israel for criticism .
This may actually be because of the major , vocal Jewish contingent in the American left and the guilt its members feel about the less - than - perfect behavior of Israel .
Brad ,
If my hyperbole that the American left ALWAYS finds Israel to be the nation most worthy of complaint offends ( yes , offends ) you , let me correct myself : MUCH of the American left OFTEN singles Israel out in ways that are , in my opinion , unfair and inappropriate .
I 'll summarize my beliefs and opinions once more , and then leave the discussion to others : 1 ) Israel came into existence ( after Zionism plowed the ground for its creation ) as a result of the unprecedented actions of the German government under Hitler .
Unprecedented because the entire government apparatus was used to incinerate a people , even when this activity hurt the German war effort .
2 ) No countries wanted to accept the Jewish refugees .
Much of Europe , especially France , was still soaked through and through with anti-semitism , as they are to this day .
The Vatican did n't lift a finger to protect Jews , and probably would have preferred that they ( we ) were all killed .
3 ) The Roosevelt government in the United States declined to bomb rail lines leading to the ovens , after being told their purpose , without rational reason .
4 ) The United Nations , acting on the world 's shame over what it had allowed to have happen , allowed the State of Israel to come into existence ( on , it must be noted , a very small portion of the original British mandate in Palestine ) .
5 ) The world thus ended up with an odd situation : a people who had been persecuted for at least 2,000 years , with the persecution culminating in the death of millions at the hand of Europe 's " highest " civilization , were offered a refuge in land that already had a population .
6 ) Israel is thus a very odd nation .
It is in a sense a remaining outpost of the colonial West , but it is also the homeland of a people that have been treated as second class citizens and outcasts throughout the rest of the world .
The West supports Israel not because of who it is or where it is , but because it is a strategic asset in oil country .
In my opinion , anyone who thinks the United States supports Israel thanks to our " shared values " or our " Jewish controlled [ fill - in ] " is a fool .
The United States does what 's best for US oil companies and other large corporations .
7 ) Israel has been repeatedly attacked by its neighbors .
It is to a great extent at the mercy of world opinion , though it has nuclear weapons to use as a last resort .
The world has forced Israel to give back land it has won in war .
This land is now used to launch attacks against the state .
8 ) Israel has continually offered peace talks to its neighbors , who have continually rebuffed all offers .
9 ) More than fifty years into statehood , otherwise intelligent people think Israelis should be collectively punished for the inability of the state to fight back against terrorists without killing Arab civilians .
Some think they should be forced to move to the South Pole .
Others , as stated on the thread , see no problem with Israelis being forced to relocate to the United States , even if they and their parents were born in Palestine .
10 ) Whether the concept of the Jewish people as a " race " has any foundation in fact , Jews everywhere KNOW that many people consider us second - class Christ - killers , who would be better off dead .
We are a group defined , if by nothing else , by the fact that a substantial percentage of the world wants us dead .
11 ) That definition , and Jews ' self - awareness of it , is why Israel has survived , against all odds .
The worldwide Jewish community has been fighting with its back against a wall .
It is the willful failure of people to understand that the Jewish community feels it will be annihilated if Israel is lost that is my evidence of anti-semitism .
COMMENT # 82 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/16/2010 @ 5:38 pm PT ...
Ernie Winograd 's position on the matter is lucid , and laudable as heck , but the lobby will clobber her for it .
They will have no part of that action .
They have shown that , forcefully , many 's the time .
A one state solution with Palestinians in any other role beside dead , gone or serf with no rights is 100 % unacceptable to them .
Not only will they not have it , they will make sure that no one in the Democratic Party will support her , even if by some miracle she manages to get the seat anyway .
That is why people are shocking us with their support for Harman .
The only way Palestinians end up with their human rights on their home turf is as I have mentioned .
This issue has been discussed to death everywhere by reasonable people and the facts on the ground there , or here , have not budged , have only gotten worse .
It will be an improvement for American liberals to be able to discuss it without maniacs coming in and whining about Israel 's safety , ignoring Israel 's military might , backed by ours , and all the killing they 've been doing over the course of their history , but that would only begin the long process of shaving a jot of the lobby 's power away here , which has no effect on the emergency for Palestinians .
Finkelstein stumps for the two state solution , not because it is the best one — the one Winograd speaks about is — but because that is what has the world 's backing , and so therefore is feasible to make happen at all .
Israel will not do either option — the one state or the two state — until they are forced and they wo n't be forced until we force them .
In fact , until they are forced to stop , they will keep killing Palestinians and Lebanese until they have an expanded state with all the resources they feel are optimal and no Arabs at all .
That has been made perfectly crystal clear .
And , the people interviewed in that video I linked above all explain entirely too clearly that Winograd will get kicked to the curb for her heroism , and why .
So while civil discourse with the ends you have in mind is completely wonderful , and certainly a step in the right direction for American politics , unless and until the Israel lobby here gets serious about saving Israel by forcing it to do the right thing , right away , Palestine is toast and Winograd defeated , even if she wins .
COMMENT # 83 [ Permalink ]
... Mitch Trachtenberg said on 1/16/2010 @ 5:53 pm PT ...
It will be an improvement for American liberals to be able to discuss it without maniacs coming in and whining about Israel 's safety , ignoring Israel 's military might , backed by ours , Cancel that broadband .
COMMENT # 84 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/16/2010 @ 6:07 pm PT ...
If it 's any consolation , Mitch , I was n't thinking of you when I said that .
I was thinking in general .
I have spent a lot of time on this issue and there are always maniacs doing that .
There are actually people paid to do that wherever they find the subject , and bands of volunteers .
It 's been done to death , everywhere , and it 's maniacal , even murderous in its way , since it only ever serves to enable more slaughter .
Israel would n't be unsafe if it was n't killing people and stealing their homes and resources , and with their military advantage , and nukes , and us , it 's even more ludicrous to invoke their need for safety .
COMMENT # 85 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 1/16/2010 @ 6:26 pm PT ...
There is a lot to catch up on .
Brad ... point taken .
I 'm not in complete accordance with everything you wrote ... but it 's not anything to take big issue with .
Thanks Ernest ... Man ... you nailed this issue ... 3rd rail indeed .
99 ... we 're probably closer in mind than others here .
Mitch ... I suspected that maybe the site I posted was off - base .
But I 'm not that aware of Jewish culture and history to make a judgement ... thanks for your clarification .
Mitch I will attempt to tackle your points in comment @ 81 1 ) Israel came into existence ( after Zionism plowed the ground for its creation ) as a result of the unprecedented actions of the German government under Hitler .
Unprecedented because the entire government apparatus was used to incinerate a people , even when this activity hurt the German war effort .
Mitch ... What happened to Jews at the hands of the nazis was unique only in method .
Government sponsored holocaust was NOT UNIQUE to Jews .
Human history is littered with holocausts of all peoples at one time or another .
My ancestors suffered a watery holocaust dubbed the middle passage ... millions perished during the brutal trans -Atlantic crossing on slave ships .
That 's just one example .
I do n't want to tit for tat our persecution stories ... I just want to demonstrate that what happened to European Jews was n't singular to them .
2 ) No countries wanted to accept the Jewish refugees .
Much of Europe , especially France , was still soaked through and through with anti-semitism , as they are to this day .
The Vatican did n't lift a finger to protect Jews , and probably would have preferred that they ( we ) were all killed .
May I remind you of Haiti ... the present tragedy reminded me of the Haitian boat people turn away at American shores in the 80's I believe ...
Again what you describe is not unique to Jews .
Most so called Christian nations have some anti-semetism , anti-Arab , anti African , anti-Asian elements to them ... It 's called life in the Anglo - Saxon era .
3 ) The Roosevelt government in the United States declined to bomb rail lines leading to the ovens , after being told their purpose , without rational reason .
Maybe ... but I do n't see why Arab Palestinians have to suffer for that .
4 ) The United Nations , acting on the world 's shame over what it had allowed to have happen , allowed the State of Israel to come into existence ( on , it must be noted , a very small portion of the original British mandate in Palestine ) .
" The world 's shame " ?
The world did n't slaughter Jews ... nazi Germany did .
Arab Palestinians did n't slaughter Jews ... nazi Germany did .
6 ) Israel is thus a very odd nation .
It is in a sense a remaining outpost of the colonial West , but it is also the homeland of a people that have been treated as second class citizens and outcasts throughout the rest of the world .
The West supports Israel not because of who it is or where it is , but because it is a strategic asset in oil country .
In my opinion , anyone who thinks the United States supports Israel thanks to our " shared values " or our " Jewish controlled [ fill - in ] " is a fool .
The United States does what 's best for US oil companies and other large corporations .
BINGO !... " Outpost of the colonial west "
That my friend nails it for me ...
Other than that it seems you 're really displaying a persecution complex , that allows Israel to persecute Palestinians .
7 ) Israel has been repeatedly attacked by its neighbors .
It is to a great extent at the mercy of world opinion , though it has nuclear weapons to use as a last resort .
The world has forced Israel to give back land it has won in war .
This land is now used to launch attacks against the state .
You mean like most foriegn occupiers experience ?
Bear with me here ...
From American media propaganda to Israeli public relations , one would think that Arab Palestinians were the invaders of their own land ... and European Jews actually lived there all along .
After wars land usually returns to the people of it's legacy ... only imperial invaders occupy a territory imperpetuity .
8 ) Israel has continually offered peace talks to its neighbors , who have continually rebuffed all offers .
Peace talks under what terms ?
9 ) More than fifty years into statehood , otherwise intelligent people think Israelis should be collectively punished for the inability of the state to fight back against terrorists without killing Arab civilians .
Some think they should be forced to move to the South Pole .
Others , as stated on the thread , see no problem with Israelis being forced to relocate to the United States , even if they and their parents were born in Palestine .
Israel used terror in it 's fight with Britain .
The British labeled Menachem Begin it 's # 1 terrorist .
I saw no one suggest that Israelis be " forced " anywhere .
I stated in response to your question that after WWII where would Jews have gone ?
I suggested the U.S. , England , France etc .
No one suggested that Jews be forced anywhere .
10 ) Whether the concept of the Jewish people as a " race " has any foundation in fact , Jews everywhere KNOW that many people consider us second - class Christ - killers , who would be better off dead .
We are a group defined , if by nothing else , by the fact that a substantial percentage of the world wants us dead .
There 's that persecution complex again ... Actually a substantial portion of the world has no ill feelings what so ever about Jews .
11 ) That definition , and Jews ' self - awareness of it , is why Israel has survived , against all odds .
The worldwide Jewish community has been fighting with its back against a wall .
It is the willful failure of people to understand that the Jewish community feels it will be annihilated if Israel is lost that is my evidence of anti-semitism .
As have most non-white , non Christian people ... again Jews are n't unique in that attribute .
The world is on the brink of annihilation .
Because a portion of Jews feel it is their divine right to occupy a certain land ... no other people in the world have made that kind of claim to land and had the UN grant it .
Excuse the Arab Palestinians for feeling that the fix was in .
It 's amazing how this actually doves tails nicely to Frank Schaeffer 's Endtimers piece ... because the actuality of Israel plays very nicely into the Endtimers plans for Armeggedon .
And Israel is playing right along .
COMMENT # 86 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 1/16/2010 @ 6:36 pm PT ...
Ernest @ 80
The one question I would pose to Zionists --- though the question could be applied to all who choose war as their path :
All the violence ; the large apartheid wall ; all the bombs ; all the Palestinian homes that have been bulldozed ; all the alleged " terrorists " who have been killed or tortured over these past sixty years ---
After all that , do you feel safe ?
If not , how many more must die until you do ?
Ewrnest those are great words ... and the question of the century .
COMMENT # 87 [ Permalink ]
... Mitch Trachtenberg said on 1/16/2010 @ 6:56 pm PT ...
BlueHawk @ 85 , What can I say ?
Thanks for listening .
But I feel that my comments @ 81 and your reply @ 85 pretty much sum up the problem --- people look at the elephant and focus on completely different parts .
I understand you think I 'm displaying a persecution complex .
Perhaps I am .
As they say about the paranoid , it does n't mean nobody 's out to get them .
If I 'm giving the impression I think the Jews are history 's " best " victims , I apologize ; that 's certainly not my intention .
I 'm well aware of the enormous suffering of others , including that of Palestinians at the hand of Jews and blacks at the hand of slave traders and slave owners .
But please recognize that not everyone that supports Israel is doing it because they think Jews have a divine right to that particular land .
COMMENT # 88 [ Permalink ]
... mick said on 1/16/2010 @ 7:46 pm PT ...
" But please recognize that not everyone that supports Israel is doing it because they think Jews have a divine right to that particular land . "
M.T. Then why are they blind to the many hypocrisy 's .
Just a single example for now .
Iran wants a Nuclear Power Program ( as they are entitled ) , they allow inspection ( IAEA ) and conduct open conversation about their desire and has signed the NPT .
Whereas Israel HAS NUCLEAR WEAPONS , refuses to allow inspection and will not sign the NPT .
And who is pressing the hardest for sanction against Iran ?
Who is threatening to attack Iran ?
Who is behind the lie that Ahmadinejad wants to " wipe Israel off the map . "
" ' By Way Of Deception , Thou Shalt Do War ' " is Mossad 's motto and it seems to be embraced by many in Israel .
COMMENT # 89 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 1/16/2010 @ 10:27 pm PT ...
Agent 99 --( then Mitch ) Just my impression -- I can agree with much that you say through these posts but you say everything with what sounds like extreme attitude .
I 'm with you being upset at the treatment of the Palestinians and at the present time , since the Israelis possess overwhelmingly superior strength and means , I assign more of the responsibility of the current difficulties to them .
But you sound so angry .
You sound like you have no understanding or compassion for the fact that the Jews have been battered throughout history .
You write as if the present injustices they commit are not connected to hundreds and hundreds of years of suffering and persecution .
I 'm afraid speaking of or to people who have not recovered psychologically or emotionally from centuries of mistreatment , a people who are , in my view , acting irrationally ( and at times unconscionably ) cuz they are freaked out , will only supply further justification for them to freak out , no matter how valid your points .
Thus , I would guess , doing little to alter or interrupt the cycle of violence you 're so upset about .
I think I see evidence of this in Mitch 's responses .
You 're pushing his buttons .
And he seems to be a thoughtful guy living thousands of miles away from the immediate tensions .
I strongly concur with Ernest 's sentiments and Rabbi Lerner's .
To have any hope of movement , working through this vast complicated , longstanding conflict we must go further than we have before .
We must realize and act from true mutual understanding , support , sympathy , absolutely even - handed criticism , love and generosity .
Yes , the Jews are being the aggressors now but they are a battered and persecuted people .
When you rail about these matters , no matter how much truth you have on your side , I can't imagine that a battered , persecuted people will likely be able to hear anything but somebody else ready to get them .
Mitch , some of your words feel to me like a similar thing from the other side .
I 'm with you pretty well up to point 6 , then , in places , I do n't think you 're giving the Palestinian side a fair shake .
And I think you 're stating some things that may not be accurate .
For instance the Saudi Plan sounds like a pretty good possibility that was repeatedly offered ( was n't it ? ) that the Israelis would n't consider .
And I do n't have this at my mental finger tips but I 've even read of Iranian concessions / acknowledgments that were rebuffed .
( My memory of this is it was not part of any kind of anti-semitic rant .
Maybe it was from Greenwald ?
Do n't know really .
Sorry , I 'm just a guy reading a lot , taking some notes , and trying to pay attention .
I do n't know how Brad , and Ernie , and Greenwald have all these attributions at their fingertips all the time .
Amazes me . )
And the Israelis have initiated attacks too .
And I think your caricaturizations of Israeli responses falls dramatically short giving an unrealistic and woefully mild representation of the severity of Israeli attacks on a battered and hostage population .
So when I read Agent 99 and Mitch I agree with a lot of their points and history and then I either cringe or am saddened because it looks like the age old elements of not being truly fair to the other side rising again and again .
Again , I agree with Ernie , Brad , and Lerner , that 's the dynamic that must be changed .
( I 'm a peasant .
I 'm very slow .
I taught myself to type sorta .
These things take me forever to write .
And it hurts my eyes . )
COMMENT #90 [ Permalink ]
... Mitch Trachtenberg said on 1/16/2010 @ 10:41 pm PT ...
Mick @ 88 , " President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said here Monday that the Zionist Regime of Israel faces a deadend and will under God 's grace be wiped off the map . "
Source : Website of the Presidency of the Islamic Republic of Iran , located at http://www.president.ir/en/?ArtID=10114
COMMENT #91 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/16/2010 @ 11:02 pm PT ...
COMMENT # 92 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 1/16/2010 @ 11:50 pm PT ...
99 - You have said that Mitch is " just wrong " , because that 's apparently what you want to believe .
But it does n't seem as if you even bothered to read the link he offered .
It is from Ahmadinejad 's own official Iran presidency webpage ( presumably , unless it's a very clever CIA fake or some such ) , in which it claims , in English , that he said : " O dear Imam ( Khomeini ) !
You said the Zionist Regime that is a usurper and illegitimate regime and a cancerous tumor should be wiped off the map .
I should say that your illuminating remark and cause is going to come true today .
... the Zionist regime faces a complete deadend and under God 's grace your wish will soon be materialized and the corrupt element will be wiped off the map , " said President Ahmadinejad .
Now I personally believe the sturm and drang over Ahmadinejad is a whole bunch of bluster and nonsense , frankly , and largely inflated so as to give the U.S. ( and Israel ) the next great Satan , since God knows we just must always have one waiting in the wings .
But despite what the author at your link argues --- and even that explanation of the comments shows Ahmadinejad repeatedly refusing the opportunity to disassociate from them or clarify them in multiple interviews --- if the official website of the " Presidency of the Islamic Republic of Iran " says what it does , as quoted above , I 'm not sure how you can simply say " Mitch , You are just wrong . "
The author of your page goes on to argue that the comments were mistranslated , and then opportunistically abused .
I have no doubt that opportunists have done everything they can to demonize Ahmadinejad ( and he 's given them plenty of easy reason to do so in the bargain , btw , as he does n't appear to be the brightest bulb in the pack ) , but where Norouzi attempts to make the case that it's all just one big mistranslation and that " Big news agencies such as The Associated Press and Reuters refer to the misquote , literally , on an almost daily basis " and that " major damage has already been done " by that , " providing the groundwork for the next phase of disinformation : complete character demonization " , well , it looks to me like Ahmadinejad has done that to himself , as evidenced by Mitch 's link , and continues to do exactly that to this day .
Sorry .
But I 'd have to call " advantage Mitch " on that particular point , for what it 's worth ( which is , in my opinion , not very much , btw . )
COMMENT #93 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/16/2010 @ 11:53 pm PT ...
Iran has never threatened to attack or to wipe Israel from the map .
They have been the only people decent enough to help Lebanese and Palestinians defend themselves from attacks by Israel .
Again , Israel would be perfectly safe if it did not keep murdering its neighbors , and it is safe from attack by another country because attacking Israel would be suicide .
As it stands , compliance with U.N. resolutions would suffice to keep it perfectly safe for a very , very long time .
They wo n't do it .
They prefer slaughtering and torturing people , and keeping them locked up in ghettos without enough food , medicine , water or building materials to recover from periodic pogroms , where they use white phosphorus to burn women and children to unrecognizable remnants of blackened flesh , to complying with U.N. resolutions .
COMMENT # 94 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/17/2010 @ 12:00 am PT ...
I read it Brad .
It 's the same translator , IRNA , as from the last time , and EVEN if he said what it says he said , that was not a threat to Israel .
It was n't even a threat to the Israeli government .
It was a statement that these bad guys are dead enders and cannot last .
But really , the Khomeini stuff Ahmadinejad is talking about was a reference to regimes disappearing from the pages of time .
Decent people revile the actions of the Israelis , and for whatever else might be unlikable about the Iranian government , their defense of decency in this matter is actually beautiful , and no threat to people of good will .
Ahmadinejad , in fact , when pressed on this question , the question of the resolution of the Palestine problem , he always says " Put it to a vote . "
COMMENT #95 [ Permalink ]
... mick said on 1/17/2010 @ 12:01 am PT ...
Mitch Trachtenberg from your linked site the ACTUAL quote was ...
" O dear Imam ( Khomeini ) !
You said the Zionist Regime that is a usurper and illegitimate regime and a cancerous tumor s
AUSTRIAN environmentalists are trying to stop an AC / DC concert from going ahead in the city of Wels as they say it will put rare birds and plants at risk .
WWF Austria has written a letter to the veteran rockers begging them to find a new venue for their concert in May , for which 80,000 tickets have been sold .
Bernhard Kohler from WWF said it was not the concert itself that was the problem , but the venue : an old airstrip that was the last remnant of formerly widespread natural grasslands in the region .
Mr Kohler said the city administration of Wels had long wanted to redevelop the site as a residential and industrial area but was thwarted by the threatened bird species - 200 pairs of ground - nesting meadowlarks and up to 10 breeding pairs of the Eurasian curlew .
" The politicians are playing a rather dirty game , " he said .
" They hope that after they have destroyed the area it will be easier for them to move forward with their development plans . "
House Democrats on Thursday unveiled their highly anticipated package of changes to the Senate health care reform bill , setting up a potential floor vote for Sunday and putting pressure on Republicans intent on finding a way to stop it .
The updated package was posted online , starting the 72 - hour clock on when the House can vote on it .
Click here to review the bill and its changes .
House Democrats prefaced the release of the bill by announcing that it would achieve the deficit reductions needed to push forward with a delicate strategy to finalize the package .
The Congressional Budget Office estimated that the updated package would cost $ 940 billion over the next decade without adding to the deficit .
That 's more than the $ 875 billion price tag attached to the original Senate bill -- but it 's under $ 1 trillion , which could help persuade wavering Democrats to back it .
The preliminary estimate shows the bill would save $ 138 billion over the first 10 years .
It is estimated to expand health insurance coverage to 32 million more Americans -- or 1 million more people than the original Senate bill .
" We are absolutely giddy over the great news that we 've gotten from the CBO , " House Democratic Whip James Clyburn , D - S.C. , said Thursday .
But even as Democrats pushed forward , and as President Obama postponed a trip to Asia to see the bill through a floor vote , they continued to see problems within their own ranks .
Rep. Stephen Lynch , D - Mass. , who voted for the health bill last November , came out against the package Thursday .
But Reps. Betsy Markey , D - Colo , and Luis Gutierrez , D - Ill. , switched to a " yes " vote .
To date , 214 representatives are in favor of the bill and 217 are against -- House Speaker Nancy Pelosi needs 216 votes to pass the original Senate bill out of her chamber .
Republicans pledged to do whatever they could to defeat the bill and were unimpressed by the CBO numbers .
" They 're still going to spend a trillion dollars so we impose government - run health care on the American people , " House Republican Leader John Boehner said .
House Democrats are looking to first pass the Senate - approved health bill , and then move on to the " side - bar " package of changes that was released Thursday .
They want to pass the fix - it bill under " reconciliation " rules , which would allow the Senate to pass it with just 51 votes , instead of 60 .
The CBO budget estimate was critical because in order to qualify for the process , the CBO estimate needed to show that the bill saves at least $ 1 billion over five years and creates absolutely no deficit after that period of time .
But the CBO numbers showed the bill could meet the requirements for reconciliation .
The Associated Press
The Miami Heat were not only badly beaten .
Bam Adebayo ( left shoulder strain ) and Goran Dragic ( left foot ) departed with injuries and Jimmy Butler played through one in Game 1 of the NBA Finals .
A series that started so impressively for the Heat could be a short one if their three best players are out or limited .
Consider David Koresh .
By way of full disclosure , I should mention that I once had a casual acquaintanceship with David Jewell , who took his daughter Kiri out of the Branch Davidian compound about a year before the standoff .
Jewell 's ex-wife died in the aftermath of the siege .
None of that changes the fact that CPAC straw - poll winner and Tea Party movement patriarch Ron Paul saw Koresh as some sort of misunderstood martyr to freedom of religion .
In a post attributed to Paul from The Free Market , written in 1994 , the Congressman from Texas makes it clear where his sympathies lay .
In the essay , " The Moral Promise of Freedom , " Paul writes :
Yet in its dealings with the Waco religious dissenters , the central government revealed that it has become intractably opposed to any individual or group that represents a challenge to its singular authority .
To counter this challenge , the central government resorted to tactics that resulted in the death of 86 men , women , and children .
As for the survivors , the government has put them on trial .
This sort of brutality is inevitable in a system of absolute and centralized power .
A government that invades private business by demanding confiscatory taxes , imposes unbearable regulations , and rules over business culture through pervasive labor controls , builds an appetite for even more power .
As the power builds , so does the extent of corruption at the top and the disinformation that covers up the truth about its tyranny .
Hmm .
Sounds not unlike a certain suicidal pilot with a grudge against the IRS to me .
Forget the fact that Koresh was not , as Paul asserts , just an ordinary Texan with a few more guns than average .
The full catalog of weapons can be found here , but highlights include grenades , assault submachine guns ( no hunt is complete without them ) , and AK - 47 assault rifles .
Let 's also not mention the fact that Kiri Jewell and other brave young women who got out of the compound before the siege testified to Koresh 's repeated sexual abuse .
Paul can cite a double - standard vis-a - vis the late Menachem Schneerson all he wants ; while it is true that Rabbi Schneerson 's particular sect of Judaism saw him as the Messiah , as far as I know they did not stockpile military grade weapons or keep a harem of barely pubescent girls .
Paul is far from the only one who wanted to make Koresh into some sort of hero .
G. Gordon Liddy famously called the BATF " jackbooted thugs " and counseled his listeners to aim for the head if they were in a confrontation with agents .
These sentiments lit the fuse , metaphorically at least , for the bomb that destroyed the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City .
Tim McVeigh carried out his attack on the two - year anniversary of the tragic end of the Waco siege .
And now we have the Tea Party .
Joe Stack 's manifesto / suicide note seems chock full of the sort of self - pitying impotent rage that is just about the only thing driving this national political temper tantrum masquerading as a political movement .
Stack hoped his act would inspire others ; how many more terrorist attempts , carried out by actors stoked into incoherent fury by elected representatives like Ron Paul or John Boehner , or voices like Glenn Beck and Rush Limbaugh , will we have to endure before enough people say : Enough !
The following list represent the seven continents with their lowest points on land , sorted in decreasing points .
7. Australia – Lake Eyre - 15 m ( - 49 ft )
Lake Eyre is the lowest point in Australia , at approximately 15 m ( 49 ft ) below sea level , and , on the rare occasions that it fills , it is the largest lake in Australia .
It is the focal point of the vast Lake Eyre Basin and is found some 700 km ( 435 mi ) north of Adelaide .
6. Europe – Caspian Sea - 28 m ( - 92 ft )
The Caspian Sea is the lowest point in Europe , at approximately 28 m ( ? 92 ft ) below sea level , and the largest enclosed body of water on Earth by area , variously classed as the world ’s largest lake or a full - fledged sea .
The sea has a surface area of 371,000 square kilometres ( 143,244 sq mi ) and a volume of 78,200 cubic kilometres ( 18,761 cu mi ) .
It is in an endorheic basin ( it has no outflows ) and is bounded by northern Iran , southern Russia , western Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan , and eastern Azerbaijan .
It has a maximum depth of about 1,025 metres ( 3,363 ft ) .
5. South America – Laguna del Carbón 105 m ( - 344 ft )
Laguna del Carbón is an endorheic salt lake in the Gran Bajo de San Julián ( Great San Julián Depression ) of Santa Cruz Province , Argentina , 54 km from Puerto San Julián .
At 105 metres ( 340 ft ) below sea level , it is the lowest point of South America .
As in several other locations in Patagonia , dinosaur fossils have been found in the area
4. Africa – Lake Assal - 155 m ( - 509 ft )
Lake Assal is a crater lake in central Djibouti , located at the southern border of Tadjoura Region .
It lies 155 m ( 509 ft ) below sea level in the Afar Depression and its shores comprise the lowest point on land in Africa and the second lowest land depression on Earth after the Dead Sea .
It measures 19 by 7 km ( 4.3 mi ) and has an area of 54 km2 ( 21 sq mi ) .
The maximum depth is 40 m ( 130 ft ) , whereas the mean depth is 7.4 m ( 24 ft ) , which makes for a water volume of 400 million cubic metres ( 320,000 acre·ft ) .
The catchment area measures 900 km2 ( 350 sq mi ) , and there is just a residual runoff of fresh water into the lake
3. Asia – Dead Sea - 422 m ( ? 1,385 ft )
The Dead Sea also called the Salt Sea , is a salt lake in Jordan to the east and in the West Bank and Israel to the west .
Its surface and shores are 422 metres ( 1,385 ft ) below sea level , the lowest elevation on the Earth ’s surface on dry land .
The Dead Sea is 378 m ( 1,240 ft ) deep , the deepest hypersaline lake in the world .
It is also one of the world ’s saltiest bodies of water , with 33.7 % salinity .
It have a higher salinity .
It is 8.6 times more salty than the ocean .
This salinity makes for a harsh environment where animals cannot flourish , hence its name .
The Dead Sea is 67 kilometres ( 42 mi ) long and 18 kilometres ( 11 mi ) wide at its widest point .
It lies in the Jordan Rift Valley , and its main tributary is the Jordan River .
2. North America – Jakobshavn Isbræ - 1,512 m ( - 4.960 ft )
Jakobshavn Isbræ drains 6.5 % of the Greenland ice sheet and produces around 10 % of all Greenland icebergs .
Some 35 billion tonnes of icebergs calve off and pass out of the fjord every year .
Icebergs breaking from the glacier are often so large ( up to a kilometer in height ) that they are too tall to float down the fjord and lie stuck on the bottom of its shallower areas , sometimes for years , until they are broken up by the force of the glacier and icebergs further up the fjord .
Studied for over 250 years , Jakobshavn Isbræ has helped develop our understanding of climate change and icecap glaciology .
1. Antarctica – Bentley Subglacial Trench - 2,555 meters ( - 8,327 ft )
The Bentley Subglacial Trench is a vast trench in Antarctica .
At 2,555 meters ( 8,327 ft ) below sea level , it is the lowest point on the surface of the earth not covered by ocean , although it is covered by ice .
Most people do not count it as the lowest point on land , since the ice makes it essentially subterranean .
Also , if the ice melted , the area would be under water .
The trench ’s size is similar to that of Mexico .
The trench was named after Charles Bentley in 1961 , who was the geophysicist and led the scientific expedition in Antarctica in 1957 - 58 that led to its discovery .
Check more Daily News
No such thing as ' safe ' cocaine , experts warn
Cocaine can damage the heart and arteries , say experts
The image of cocaine as a " safe party drug " is a myth that must be dispelled , say UK experts , as a study shows the drug is linked to 3 % of sudden deaths .
The British Heart Foundation said the findings , published in the European Heart Journal , were a reminder that the drug can have devastating effects .
Although the data comes from south - west Spain , researchers said the results should apply to Europe in general .
They said anyone could suffer the deadly consequences of taking cocaine .
Fotini Rozakeas of the British Heart Foundation said : " The reality is that there are risks every time you use it .
Our findings show that cocaine use causes adverse changes to the heart and arteries that then lead to sudden death
Dr Joaquin Lucena , researcher " Cocaine can have devastating effects on the user including heart attacks , life - threatening heart rhythms , strokes and even sudden death .
" The potential deadly consequences from cocaine use can happen to anyone who takes it , even in previously young healthy people with no history of heart disease . "
Deadly cocktail
In the study , 21 out of 668 sudden deaths were related to cocaine use and all of these occurred in men aged between 21 and 45 .
Most involved problems with the heart and the majority of the men were also smokers and had been drinking alcohol at the same time as taking cocaine .
Lead researcher Dr Joaquin Lucena , of the Institute of Legal Medicine in Seville , said these habits added up to a lethal cocktail for the heart .
He said : " Our findings show that cocaine use causes adverse changes to the heart and arteries that then lead to sudden death . "
His teams looked at post - mortem reports and investigated all the circumstances surrounding sudden deaths in Seville between 2003 and 2006 .
Their findings suggested any amount of the drug could be toxic .
" Some patients have poor outcomes with relatively low blood concentrations , whereas others tolerate large quantities without consequences , " they told the European Heart Journal .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
We ’ve reported before about Peter Jackson talking up this summer as the planned start date for shooting The Hobbit .
Now Gandalf himself – better known as Ian McKellen – has posted on his website that he ’ll start shooting the first movie in July .
While New Line has yet to make any official announcement about an official greenlight , the schedule or the cast , we ’re frankly inclined to believe McKellen .
He goes on to relate the following : “ Filming will take over a year .
Casting in Los Angeles , New York City and London has started .
The script too proceeds .
The first draft is crammed with old and new friends , again on a quest in Middle Earth .
The director Guillermo del Toro is now living in Wellington , close to the Jacksons ' and the studio in Miramar .
“ Much of which we could have guessed , but when Gandalf tells you it ’s happening , you listen .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
In a special edition , Matthew Stadlen travels to Sesame Street to spend Five Minutes with Cookie Monster , Elmo , Big Bird , Grover and Oscar the Grouch .
After more than 4000 episodes the iconic TV show is celebrating its 40th anniversary .
So what is Cookie Monster 's favourite cookie ?
What makes Oscar so grumpy ?
And just how tall is Big Bird ?
The big news hit earlier this week that the attack vector that allowed bad actors presumably from China into the networks of Google , Juniper , Adobe , and some 29 other firms was an Internet Explorer zero day , a use after free vulnerability on an invalid pointer reference affecting IE 6 , 7 , and 8 but only used by attackers on IE 6 according to Microsoft .
Per Microsoft ’s Advisory 979352 : “ In a specially - crafted attack , in attempting to access a freed object , Internet Explorer can be caused to allow remote code execution .
Earlier today this entry from yesterday at Wepawet ( an online analysis engine for malware ) was pointed out to H.D. Moore , and within hours Metasploit has an exploit of the vulnerability integrated .
McAfee has confirmed that the exploit is out and the same one they saw during the investigation .
The video below demonstrates how crackers initially gained access to the corporate networks of Google , et al. using this zero day attack .
Here It Is
The video below demonstrates how Google and the rest have been , according to most news reports , exploited via the “ Aurora ” vulnerability in Internet Explorer , and had their “ intellectual property ” taken .
The “ Aurora ” IE Exploit in Action from The Crew of Praetorian Prefect on Vimeo .
In the video you will see Metasploit set up a listening session , set up a web site that serves up the malicious code , and watch as an unsuspecting user visits the web site , triggers the attack that uses the IE vulnerability , and unknowingly opens a connection to a computer owned by the attacker .
The attacker then lists the user ’s processes , and elects to kill Notepad where the user was working on an important document .
IE 6.0 is used , as this is the version Microsoft references as having been used in the “ targeted attacks ” on some 30 + U.S. companies .
A silly example for demonstration to be sure , but once the backdoor is open to the user ’s PC the attacker can use it as a pivot point for other attacks against the internal network , escalate his or her privileges , take information off the PC , basically do anything the user can do .
The Vector
The attack scenario is that users were pointed to a web site ( probably through a targeted Spam e-mail , an attack called spear phishing ) containing a JavaScript that references this invalid pointer and injects the included shell code .
The code below was released publicly yesterday .
Update
Ahmed Obied has published a clean python version of the exploit ( opens your Windows Calculator ) for testing , search : ie_aurora.py .
CVE - 2010 -0249 has been opened for this issue .
Finally
“ At this time , we are aware of limited , active attacks attempting to use this vulnerability against Internet Explorer 6 .
We have not seen attacks against other affected versions of Internet Explorer . ” – Microsoft .
This situation has the potential to change rapidly now that it appears the exploit has been found .
Microsoft last patched a vulnerability off cycle in July of 2009 , they could elect to pursue the same response here .
Or as McAfee ’s Craig Schmugar correctly opines : “ What started out as a sophisticated targeted attack is likely to lead to large - scale attacks on vulnerable Microsoft Internet Explorer users . ”
Two out of every three United States corporations paid no federal income taxes from 1998 through 2005 , according to a report released Tuesday by the Government Accountability Office , the investigative arm of Congress .
The study , which is likely to add to a growing debate among politicians and policy experts over the contribution of businesses to Treasury coffers , did not identify the corporations or analyze why they had paid no taxes .
It also did not say whether they had been operating properly within the tax code or illegally evading it .
The study covers 1.3 million corporations of all sizes , most of them small , with a collective $ 2.5 trillion in sales .
It includes foreign corporations that do business in the United States .
Among foreign corporations , a slightly higher percentage , 68 percent , did not pay taxes during the period covered  compared with 66 percent for United States corporations .
Even with these numbers , corporate tax receipts have risen sharply as a percentage of federal revenue in recent years .
Washington ( CNN ) -- President Obama on Monday unveiled a $ 3.8 trillion budget for next year .
Here are some key points .
Remember , these are Obama 's suggestions .
Congress controls the purse strings .
Still a little extra in your paycheck
The Making Work Pay tax breaks would be extended for a year .
These were part of last year 's stimulus and resulted in slightly higher paychecks for 110 million families , the White House said .
More money for education
Obama wants $ 3 billion more for elementary and secondary education programs and $ 1.35 billion for his Race to the Top program .
Pell grants , which help students pay for college , would increase by $ 17 billion .
Big - shovel items
The president is seeking more than $ 100 billion for state and local infrastructure projects and $ 4 billion for national and regional infrastructure work .
Debt reduction
The president 's budget would reduce the nation 's debt by $ 1.2 trillion over the next 10 years .
Obama would let the Bush tax cuts expire for high - income families , impose a " financial crisis responsibility fee " on large banks and end fossil - fuel tax subsidies for oil , gas and coal companies .
Discretionary spending that is not defense - related would get a three - year cap , saving $ 250 billion over the next 10 years .
Read more
Big incentives for small business
Small businesses would get a $ 5,000 tax credit for every net new employee hired this year .
Startups launched this year would be eligible to halve the tax credit .
Businesses also would be reimbursed for Social Security taxes they pay on increased payrolls this year .
Companies could earn the credit by raising pay or increasing hours worked .
Read more
Defense
To pay for wars in Afghanistan and Iraq , Obama is seeking $ 33 billion in supplemental funds for this budget year and $ 159.3 billion for next year's .
Funding for military families would increase 3 percent to $ 8.8 billion .
The president would appropriate in advance $ 50.6 billion for veterans ' medical care .
Research and development
Clean energy research and development would get $ 6 billion and civilian research and development would get an extra $ 3.7 billion .
Security at home
The administration seeks $ 734 million to install 1,000 new full body scanners at airports .
Overall Department of Homeland Security funding would increase 2 percent to $ 43.6 billion .
What do you think about the budget ?
Proposed budget savings
• Discontinue the program to build a repository for nuclear waste at Yucca Mountain , Nevada .
Savings in 2011 : $ 197 million
• End oil and gas company tax preferences .
Savings in 2011 : $ 2.6 billion .
Over 10 years : $ 36.5 billion
• End coal subsidies .
Savings over 10 years : $ 2.3 billion
• Terminate program to develop an alternative engine program for the Joint Strike Fighter .
Savings in 2011 : $ 465 million
• Terminate production of C - 17 transport .
Savings in 2010 : $ 2.5 billion
• Cancel the Constellation Systems program intended to return astronauts to the moon by 2020 .
Savings per year : $ 2.5 billion to $ 5 billion Read more
• Eliminate subsidies to student loan providers and increase the Department of Education 's capacity to make loans directly to students .
Savings over 10 years : $ 43 billion
• Terminate program to build EP - X manned airborne intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance aircraft .
Savings in 2011 : $ 10 million
• End grants to manufacturers of worsted wool .
Annual savings : $ 5 million
• Eliminate grant program for inter-city bus security .
Annual savings : $ 12 million
• End competitive grant program for local communities to reduce greenhouse gas emissions .
Savings in 2011 : $ 10 million
• Terminate the Navy 's Next Generation Cruiser .
Savings in 2011 : $ 46 million
• End Corps of Engineers low - priority construction projects .
Savings in 2011 : $ 214 million
• Terminate Christopher Columbus Fellowship Foundation , aimed at fostering " new discoveries in all fields of endeavor for the benefit of mankind . "
Savings in 2010 : $ 1 million
There is more than a little irony in the fact that congressman Ron Paul is facing three primary challengers this year , all of them linked in some way to the Tea Party movement .
Many observers give the libertarian from Texas credit for having sparked the Tea Party movement in 2007 when he held a “ money bomb ” fundraiser on the anniversary of the Boston Tea Party , raking in some $ 6 million for his presidential run in one day .
ADVERTISEMENT
But , as the Dallas Morning News reported earlier this week , Paul is facing three primary challengers — more than he has faced in the past six primaries combined .
And every one of the challengers is linked to the Tea Party movement .
Washington Independent contributor David Weigel told MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow Monday night that the Tea Party movement of today has little in common with that fundraiser in 2007 .
“ Those libertarian ideas [ may be ] popular at the Cato Institute , [ but ] they ’re not really popular with Tea Party activists , ” Weigel said .
As the Morning News put it , Tea Partiers say Paul is “ too focused on his national ambitions ; that his views are too extreme ; that he does n’t support the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan ; that he votes ‘ no ’ on everything , including federal aid for his district after Hurricane Ike . ”
By comparison , “ the Sarah Palin version of Tea Party conservatism is a little bit less specific , ” Weigel said .
“ It ’s more slogany .
You can write the talking points on your hand if you want to . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
That the Tea Party movement has become a threat to Paul is not lost on the congressman .
The Morning News reports that , in December , Paul sent out a letter to supporters saying that his opponents “ turned their attack dogs loose on me , ” and warned that the anti-incumbent mood among voters could affect him as well .
“ There is one thing Paul does that might backfire , ” Weigel wrote at the Washington Independent .
“ While Paul votes against basically all spending bills , he notoriously gets earmark requests into those bills , so that local projects survive when other members vote those bills through .
That barely dinged Paul in 2008 , but it may become an issue now . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from MSNBC’s The Rachel Maddow Show , broadcast Feb. 8 , 2010 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
In the first part of our Italian pig butchery masterclass Tim Hayward , Bruno Zoccola and family break down the beast from snout to trotter .
Neither coach Joel Quenneville nor assistant general manager of hockey operations Stan Bowman would elaborate on the severity of Seabrook 's condition , or what tests he has undergone to check for a possible concussion .
The Blackhawks face the Los Angeles Kings on Thursday night .
" He 's got an upper - body injury right now .
We 'll say day to day right now , but we do n't know more than that , " Quenneville said Thursday .
After Wednesday 's game , Quenneville called Wisniewski's hit as bad as they come .
" You hit a guy without the puck , you could kill a guy , " Quenneville said .
" It 's the most dangerous hit in the history of the game , all right .
" ... He tried to hurt him , " Quenneville added .
" If that 's not intent , that 's as bad a hit as you could ever have in the game . "
In a conference call Thursday , Ducks general manager Bob Murray took offense to Quenneville 's assertion .
" I played in Chicago for a long time , I lived in the city of Chicago , it used to be a black - and - blue town , it did n't have whiners , " Murray said .
" I strongly suggest Joel worries about his goaltending and stops trying to run the National Hockey League .
He should worry about coaching . "
Wednesday was the second game in a row that the Blackhawks lost a valuable member of their defense to a big hit .
On Sunday against Washington , three - time All - Star defenseman Brian Campbell was driven into the end boards from behind by NHL scoring leader and two - time MVP Alex Ovechkin .
Campbell will miss seven to eight weeks because of the fractured collar bone and broken rib he sustained .
Ovechkin received a two - game suspension for the play .
" I 'm not comparing the two and the quantity of games .
That 's not for me to decide , " Quenneville said .
" I 'm not so worried about that .
I 'm worried about Seebs .
That 's what I 'm worried about .
We do n't have him tonight . "
Bowman also had little to say about the length of Wisniewski 's suspension compared to Ovechkin's , saying : " The league 's job is to weigh all the factors , and they have a lot more experience in that stuff than I do .
So you have to assume they did their homework and they came to that decision for the right reason .
" The league obviously looked at it and they think that 's the right number .
But we 're just going to move forward .
We 're not going to focus on that anymore .
We 're more worried about Seabrook than Wisniewski . "
Wisniewski , who began his career with the Blackhawks before getting traded to the Ducks in March 2009 , also was suspended for two games Oct. 31 , 2009 , and is considered a repeat offender under the terms of the Collective Bargaining Agreement .
He will forfeit $ 268,292 in salary .
" Mr. Wisniewski delivered a retaliatory hit to the head of an opponent who never had possession of the puck , " said Colin Campbell , NHL Senior Executive Vice President of Hockey Operations .
" The fact that Mr. Wisniewski is a repeat offender also entered into this decision . "
Wisniewski will be eligible to return April 3 at Los Angeles .
On November 21 , 2009 , the Cassini spacecraft sliced past Saturn 's moon Enceladus , shaving the iceball at a distance of 1600 km ( 1000 miles ) .
From that distance , the view was astonishing ...
It 's been known for some time that the south pole of Enceladus is lousy with geysers , erupting water into space ( though the ultimate source of the water is still a bit of a mystery ) .
But this new pass shows 30 geysers , 20 more than were previously seen !
One major geyser also appears to have waned a bit since the last pass , showing that not only is stuff going on , but things are changing , too .
This mosaic of the surface of Enceladus overlays a high - res optical image with thermal hot - spots .
You can see that the hottest parts -- which are actually at - 90° C ( - 140° F ) , so I guess " hot " is in the ( frozen ) eye of the beholder -- line up along a huge fracture in the moon 's surface .
The fracture is called Baghdad Sulcus and is one of the places on the moon erupting water geysers .
The fracture is about 500 meters ( roughly 1/4 mile ) deep , and this image shows about a 40 km ( 25 mile ) swath along it .
There 's evidence of particles from the geysers re-falling here , and also house - sized icy blocks that may be rubble that has been seismically shaken and settled downslope .
There 's a lot of science in those images , and in the others returned from that close pass .
But I think my favorite from these is one that may also have scientific value , but , like almost everything Cassini sends back , is perhaps more striking for its artistry .
That 's a crescent Enceladus , replete with geysers , and its parent planet Saturn in the foreground .
Wow , that 's pretty .
I love how gray Enceladus looks and how much brighter Saturn is .
I was thrown for a moment ; Enceladus has a reflectivity of nearly 100 % , meaning it reflects nearly all the light hitting it , while Saturn only reflects 30 - 50 % of the light that hits it ( depending on how you measure it ) .
But this depends on the viewing geometry !
Enceladus is thin crescent , so the light is hitting it at a very low angle .
A lot of the light hitting the moon is sent straight back toward the source ( the Sun ) , so not much of that light gets sent off in other directions .
It 's not that Enceladus is intrinsically fainter than Saturn , it 's just that the light is reflected off in another direction , and not towards Cassini in this image .
As in life , sometimes what you see depends on how you look .
Cassini has been orbiting Saturn since 2004 , and in all that time it has not disappointed .
It continues to return a veritable bounty of information about Saturn and its fleet of moons .
If you want to stay on top of Cassini news , subscribe to the email list , and follow imaging team leader Carolyn Porco on Twitter !
Then I happened to read a charming , albeit nauseating little news item that tried to skulk by unnoticed recently , wherein it was announced that the Huntington Meat Packing Co. of Southern California was expanding its recall of possibly E. coli-tainted meat , from just over 860,000 pounds to ... wait for it ... five million pounds .
Five million pounds of bad meat .
Sounds like a fun movie title .
Or maybe a nickname for Congress .
While pondering the number , I did some quick math .
But being lousy at math , I also did some quick research .
All - knowing Google informed me that the average head of cattle , say a 1,200 - pound animal , results in something like 500 pounds of usable meat , give or take .
Interesting !
Or not .
Ergo , five million pounds is the rough and chopped - up output of about 10,000 animals .
Ten thousand head of cattle is , freakishly , only about a tenth -- if that -- of what the largest industrial feedlots in Idaho , Texas , California , Nebraska and elsewhere have on their tortured and tormented , methane - choked properties at any given moment ( Broken Bow in Nebraska can hold 85,000 head .
Simplot in Idaho can process up to 150,000 .
ConAgra 's frightening Montfort lot in reeking Greeley , Colo. is so big it chokes your very soul ) .
Which is just all sorts of disgusting .
But there it is .
( Oh and btw , five million pounds of meat is also the equivalent of about 30,000 average - weighted humans , or one big , sold - out Dave Matthews concert in San Jose .
Hey , we 're all dead meat in the end ) .
It gets so you lose sight of the scale of things .
Five million pounds ?
Seems like a lot .
It seems epic and sickening and a little horrifying .
And then you realize that it 's not .
Really it 's just a drop in the giant meatbucket that is the Western diet , a thimbleful of the staggering tonnage of industrial foodstuffs we consume every day , much of it loaded with poison and antibiotics and hormones and environmental burden ; that includes millions of enormous animals that should be eating grass but are instead being force - fed land - ravaging grains and 10 billion gallons of drugs per year so we may satisfy our ravenous appetites for far , far more unhealthy meat than we actually need .
Which in turn makes you sort of amazed that there are n't more meat recalls , more epidemics and outbreaks , more McDonald 's restaurants spontaneously combusting from all the chemicals .
It makes you wonder why the hell we are n't all dead right this very moment .
Perhaps we are ?
Wait , is this heaven ?
Nah .
Just the Internet .
Speaking of McDonald's .
Did you hear ?
A woman was sitting in the McDonald 's over in the Great Mall in Milpitas just recently , consuming her capitalism - approved portion of hormone - blasted industrial feedlot beef and HFCS - injected everything ( though , to be fair , it could have been one of their " healthy " prepackaged nuclear salads ) , when , of course , she went into labor .
And she gave birth , right there in the food court , in the McDonald 's , in a giant suburban shopping mall , because there is possibly no more quintessentially American scenario than birthing a human being in a fast food outlet in a shopping mall food court , unless she also happened to be thinking about firearms , watching " American Idol " and listening to Dave Matthews whilst something something NASCAR .
Reading that story , it was impossible for me not to note how this woman , this divine fertile feminine life force , was likely consuming some of the worst possible processed foodstuffs imaginable right up to the moment she birthed a human baby -- a child , we can politely surmise , that had been nourished through much of its gestation by a veritable pharmacy of bloodstream toxins , fats and salts and corn syrups , synthetic flavorings and hormones from that selfsame feedlot beef .
Do you think this new mom was also perhaps drinking a fine beverage made by the Coca - Cola corporation at the moment of labor pains ?
Sipping maybe a Dr. Pepper or a Sprite ?
The odds are reasonably good she was , a Coca - Cola product being something of a prerequisite to browsing Champs , Foot Locker and Kay Jewelers in any shopping complex in modern America .
Mmm , soda .
Have you heard that soda is the new tobacco ?
A demon in angel 's clothing ?
Well , it is .
Quite the sickening swill , really , far more unhealthy and dangerous than we readily acknowledge because gosh , how can something so happy , so all - American , so polar - bear Christmastime Homer Simpson I 'd - like - to - teach - the - world - to - sing wonderful , possibly be all sorts of cancerous and sickening and Sarah Palin - grade wrong ?
Well , it is .
Like cigarettes , they say soda is in dire need of regulation , heavy taxation , warning labels , the works .
Do you imagine Coca - Cola cares all that much about the anti-soda campaign being waged against its wares right now ?
Hell yes , it does .
But maybe not as much as you think , given how it has pretty much maxed out the U.S market anyway .
After all , how many blue sports drinks , pink energy beverages and nefarious Coke Minis can you cram down one country 's gullet ?
We simply can't get much less healthy .
Time to move on .
And so it did .
The Coca - Cola company just reported big profits last quarter , despite how there 's no one left in America to poison ( except the tiny , precious children ) .
Do you know how it did it ?
Can you guess how it made more millions ?
That 's right : by slowly poisoning India , China and Brazil .
They call them " emerging markets , " because these countries are just now emerging from millennia of drinking various liquids that were not exceedingly good at killing them by way of high fructose corn syrup and unpronounceable chemical additives .
What , the western gift of fast food , industrial meat and oil dependency were n't enough ?
Let 's give them all diabetes and obesity and even worse teeth ?
Fabulous .
Have a Coke and a smile , indeed .
It does n't really matter .
Might as well eat that industrial burger and inhale a giant Coke as you speed down the freeway in your tiny Japanese car .
Do you know why ?
Because your airbag may kill you anyway .
Amid the furor over Toyota 's massive recall of stuck accelerator pedals , a lesser - seen item about Honda Motor Corporation , itself quietly recalling about a half - million Accords and Civics over dangerously high airbag pressure , which they say could knock you dead if deployed .
Wait , what ?
Death by airbag ?
Is n't that just a little bit of irony overload ?
Is n't that a comedy routine somewhere ?
In hell , perhaps ?
Then again , it would be a simply spectacular way to go , really , if you think about it , if you really love irony , if you think God is basically just a wickedly devious cosmic trickster .
I mean , why the hell not ?
It all balances out in the end , anyway .
It 's all just the grand and dreamlike circus spinning and laughing and churning its cotton candy profundity into the Void .
For every adult human ironically sent to the great feedlot in the sky by a misbehaving automotive safety device , a child is born in a shopping mall food court , pre-addicted to Quarter Pounders , ready to take on the overheated , surreal world all over again .
And lo , the great play continues ...
Mark Morford 's latest book is ' The Daring Spectacle : Adventures in Deviant Journalism ' .
Join Mark on Facebook and Twitter , or email him .
His website is markmorford.com .
For his yoga classes , workshops and retreats , click markmorfordyoga.com .
Mark 's column appears every Wednesday on SFGate , and is frequently cross-posted to Huffington Post .
To join the notification list for this column , click here and remove one article of clothing .
To get on Mark 's personal mailing list , click here and remove three more .
This column also has an RSS feed and a very handy archive page .
Transcript :
Democrat Donkey : I have some deficit reduction proposals ...
Republican Elephant : Democrats are trying to cut your Obamacare !
Democrat :
No we 're not .
Republican :
Then they do n't care about the deficit !
Time Machine Forward to 2012 .
Susan Dimitman
Previously on the Consults blog , Dr. Kathryn Zerbe , professor of psychiatry at Oregon Health and Science University , took readers ’ questions on a binge eating , anorexia and other eating disorders .
Here , Dr. Zerbe responds to a man who wrote that his former wife , who suffered from bulimia , was trying to “ keep me fat . ”
Q .
Back 40 years ago I was married to a woman who secretly threw up after almost every dinner .
( I did n’t know to call it bulimia back then , but I knew about it . )
Oddly , she insisted that I eat heaping meals with her even though I was not bulimic .
The result was , of course , that I gained weight — a lot of weight .
So I was eating almost to compensate for my wife ’s eating disorder .
I was resentful but saw no way out until we divorced .
Then I lost 50 pounds in the next year and have kept it off through exercise and careful eating .
It helped that I was highly motivated to lose weight .
But the curious thing was , back then , that while my wife was trying to get or stay thin by vomiting , she was trying to keep me fat .
As she would tell me , “ Do n’t worry about your weight .
I ’ve got it under control . ”
That was the issue .
Erik
A .
Dr. Zerbe responds :
Like all persons in an intimate relationship , the person with an eating disorder may unconsciously or consciously want his or her partner to “ play a certain role . ”
Projecting what one does not want to be into another person can temporarily but spuriously solve psychological problems .
In your case , I imagine that your wife wanted to be the thin one in the relationship and disavow any chance of becoming overweight .
You were indeed compensating for your wife ’s unconscious wishes to eat and yet stay thin at the same time by being the one who ate .
In comparison to you , she could feel even better about herself for being the “ thin one . ”
This is just an educated guess , though .
A therapist could figure this out only in an in - depth couples or individual therapy process .
For more on eating disorders , see The Times Health Guide : Bulimia , and Dr. Zerbe ’s earlier responses :
CHICAGO  Federal authorities on Monday presented a $ 78.5 million plan intended to block Asian carp , a hungry , huge , nonnative fish , from invading the Great Lakes .
The threat has grown increasingly tense throughout the region in recent months as genetic material from the fish was found near and even in Lake Michigan .
In a meeting in Washington with leaders of some Great Lakes states , officials from the Army Corps of Engineers , the Environmental Protection Agency and other agencies laid out an “ Asian Carp Control Strategy Framework ” to ensure that the fish , known to take over entire ecosystems , do not establish themselves in the lakes .
The state officials said they appreciated that the federal government was stepping in , but at least one said the plan did not go far enough .
The Longer Version :
Hi , I ’m Kane .
I ’m an online marketer based in Seattle , WA .
I started out my web career by picking up “ HTML 3.X For Dummies ” at the library in 4th grade .
I did n’t do anything useful with it until around 2005 , when I began publishing websites of my own , and working with servers and WordPress .
Around 2008
I discovered that there was an entire community devoted to the concept of increasing organic search traffic – something I ’d always gotten benefits from , but I had never thought to reverse engineer .
For about 3 - 4 years I dived heavily into SEO & other digital marketing disciplines .
I started out building and selling a handful of niche topic websites owned by my company , Hood Web Management .
Around 2010
I started working as the in - house business development manager and marketing manager at a vacation rental company called Rainier Lodging .
In 2011 , I transitioned to full - time client work , still doing business as Hood Web Management .
In late 2012 , Hood Web Management took on our first full - time employees and rebranded as Content Harmony .
The brand name Content Harmony is a reflection of the fact that half of the work we were doing for clients fell outside of traditional SEO .
Furthermore , most of the benefits of content and website improvements ca n’t be described as search engine optimization .
The umbrella of “ Content Marketing ” is a much greater representation of the services we offer our clients .=
Playing on that evolution , the concept of Content Harmony is about helping our clients find a healthy balance between content strategy , content creation , content promotion , and analytics .
Click here for the full story : “ What is Content Harmony ? “ , and check out the Content Harmony Blog to see the great stuff we ’re publishing .
You can see everything I ’ve published in the marketing world on my Writing page .
Fast forward to 2018 – Content Harmony has grown to an agency with 8 - 10 employees , and we decided to take the leap into building software that matches the internal workflow we ’d built for content marketing strategy — specifically how we produce content briefs .
That content marketing software launched to beta in 2019 and to early access customers in 2020 .
Outside of the Marketing World :
I live with my family in West Seattle .
I write occasionally about permaculture and urban homesteading at my personal website , Seattle Homestead .
We ’ve been featured in Better Homes & Gardens and we ’re working towards some other publications , too .
We ’re in the process of building a courtyard around our home using sustainable natural building methods , we own chickens , and we plant lots of fruit trees and vegetables .
It keeps us busy to say the least .
Additionally , we recently launched Insteading to feature some homesteading content unrelated to Seattle .
We have a number of contributing authors in addition to myself .
In the past I ’ve used KaneJamison.com to post some photography , host the archives of my old music blog BurningOak.com , and things that do n’t fit on my other websites .
Get in Touch :
You can find me on twitter , linkedin , and if we know each other in real life feel free to add me on facebook .
You can also email kanejamison [ at ] gmail ( dot ) com .
If you ’re reaching out regarding something in the marketing world , please contact kane [ at ] contentharmony ( dot ) com instead .
Sarah Palin has been ridiculed by intellectuals for her crimes against language – the sentences reminiscent of the Winchester House , the g’s that drop like the gentle rain from heaven .
But in ridiculing her communication , I think we run a risk .
She is a master communicator who knows just what she is doing .
She has a reputation for frivolousness , but she gets into the conversation and hangs on like the proverbial pit bull .
Her seemingly casual remarks may be uninformed , they may move the political discourse in the wrong direction … but they move it , well beyond the next news cycle .
She forces us to take her seriously even when there ’s no good reason to do so .
Think “ death panels . ”
Think “ retarded . ”
If her throwaway lines accomplish nothing else , they distract attention from serious issues , a boon to the NO Party .
Is she a true or a faux populist ?
I ca n’t tell from her language : it could go either way .
Dropping g’s is a marker not only of nonstandard dialect ( and therefore populism ) , but increasingly of standard casual speech ( even professors are known to drop a g or two to drive a point home ) .
But she has other tricks up her rolled - up designer sleeve .
For instance , in her recent Tea Party keynote , she asked , “ How ’s that changey hopey stuff workin out for yuh ? ”
Let ’s look at a couple of choice pieces of that line .
Changey , hopey .
First of all , these are irresistibly catchy neologisms .
They guarantee that her line will be all over the media for some time to come .
Then , the fact that they are neologisms gives them both a colloquial feel , and imputes to their speaker a brashness and freshness : not your Tele PrompTer - dependent pol .
I am not of course suggesting that she was making it up spontaneously – only that this kind of verbiage makes her look as if she is , making her sound new , exciting , and spontaneous .
Besides , by their casual bounce , the words seem to ridicule their source : Obama ’s speeches .
Obama ’s style , while somewhat casual , is never really breezy – it ’s professorial ( something she took a swipe at in the same context ) .
He tries to sound that way , normal and colloquial , Palin ’s novelties suggested , but when it comes to the crunch , he is risk - averse , he is , yuh know , stodgy .
Old .
Yuh .
What struck me here is that Palin put the stress on the preceding preposition , for , which allowed her to pronounce the pronoun as yuh – when normally stress would be on you .
That suggests to me that the spontaneity has been worked over a bit – she knows what syllable to hit , and why , even when it ’s an atypical choice : that choice gets her what she wants .
How ’s that workin out for yuh .
This is of course a cliché , a stock phrase in the political arsenal : just about everyone who ever mounted a political podium has used it .
But interspersed with the neologisms , it becomes a kind of commentary on same - old , same - old : it almost becomes new again .
Just as we listeners are poised to yawn , she shakes us up .
But let us move from the verbal message to the paralinguistics – the tone , the voice itself .
Here Palin is a complex mix of preacherly earnestness and twangy cowgirl .
She really cares about what she is saying and those she is addressing – but not in some heavy - handed do - gooder way – rather , like a cheery , natural gal .
So she ’s a mommy – but also a babe .
Her tone , too , has its antecedents : to me she often sounds as if she ’s channeling George W. Bush .
He juggled , in his tone of voice , querulousness and petulance , along with explanatory pedantry , each as appropriate – to his ears , if not to most other people ’s .
Palin too juggles several voices , but they sound natural and cool .
( Obama , on the other hand , has just one voice – the intellectual explainer . )
So it is reasonable to say that the rhetorical Palin is not the ingenue she seems , and bears close watching .
Many of us may find what she says appalling – but what is more important in the long haul is how she says it .
The nonverbal part of a message makes the verbal part appealing and inevitably true , if the speaker is accomplished .
We had better not , to paraphrase a predecessor , misunderestimate her .
In most cases , we use threats to force people to recycle–witness San Francisco ’s controversial new mandatory composting law that slaps a fine on anyone who fails to comply .
But what if it was possible to get people to recycle by offering incentives instead ?
It is–and RecycleBank has been doing it for 18 months by offering residents of participating cities points that can be redeemed at stores–all for recycling regular trash .
Up until now , only residents of cities partnered with RecycleBank could join in , but a new partnership with eBay means that anyone can get involved .
As part of the deal , RecycleBank is opening its membership to anyone with a few minutes to sign up .
And points can now be earned and redeemed on eBay .
“ Right now we ’re in the initial stages , ” explained Amy Szoczlas Cole , the Director of eBay ’s Green Team .
“ Each person could earn 50 RecycleBank points
for simply committing to join the eBay Green Team . ”
Those points can then be used towards the purchase of , say , a used leather handbag on eBay–or for an item at one of the other 1,500 businesses affiliated with RecycleBank .
The partnership makes sense , since both RecycleBank and eBay specialize in preventing used items from facing the trash bin .
Perhaps a partnership with Etsy is next ?
[ RecycleBank ]
 from Alternet
There 's something deeply unsettling about living in a country where millions of people froth at the mouth at the idea of giving health care to the tens of millions of Americans who do n't have it , or who take pleasure at the thought of privatizing and slashing bedrock social programs like Social Security or Medicare .
It might not be as hard to stomach if other Western countries also had a large , vocal chunk of the population who thought like this , but the US is seemingly the only place where right - wing elites can openly share their distaste for the working poor .
Where do they find their philosophical justification for this kind of attitude ?
It turns out , you can trace much of this thinking back to Ayn Rand , a popular cult - philosopher who exerts a huge influence over much of the right - wing and libertarian crowd , but whose influence is only starting to spread out of the US .
One reason why most countries do n't find the time to embrace her thinking is that Ayn Rand is a textbook sociopath .
Literally a sociopath : Ayn Rand , in her notebooks , worshiped a notorious serial murderer - dismemberer , and used this killer as an early model for the type of " ideal man " that Rand promoted in her more famous books -- ideas which were later picked up on and put into play by major right - wing figures of the past half decade , including the key architects of America 's most recent economic catastrophe -- former Fed Chair Alan Greenspan and SEC Commissioner Chris Cox -- along with other notable right - wing Republicans such as Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas , Rush Limbaugh , and South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford .
The loudest of all the Republicans , right - wing attack - dog pundits and the Teabagger mobs fighting to kill health care reform and eviscerate " entitlement programs " increasingly hold up Ayn Rand as their guru .
Sales of her books have soared in the past couple of years ; one poll ranked " Atlas Shrugged " as the second most influential book of the 20th century , after The Bible .
So what , and who , was Ayn Rand for and against ?
The best way to get to the bottom of it is to take a look at how she developed the superhero of her novel , Atlas Shrugged , John Galt .
Back in the late 1920s , as Ayn Rand was working out her philosophy , she became enthralled by a real - life American serial killer , William Edward Hickman , whose gruesome , sadistic dismemberment of 12 - year - old girl named Marion Parker in 1927 shocked the nation .
Rand filled her early notebooks with worshipful praise of Hickman .
According to biographer Jennifer Burns , author of Goddess of the Market , Rand was so smitten by Hickman that she modeled her first literary creation -- Danny Renahan , the protagonist of her unfinished first novel , The Little Street -- on him .
What did Rand admire so much about Hickman ?
His sociopathic qualities : " Other people do not exist for him , and he does not see why they should , " she wrote , gushing that Hickman had " no regard whatsoever for all that society holds sacred , and with a consciousness all his own .
He has the true , innate psychology of a Superman .
He can never realize and feel ' other people . ' "
This echoes almost word for word Rand 's later description of her character Howard Roark , the hero of her novel The Fountainhead : " He was born without the ability to consider others . "
The Fountainhead is Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas 's favorite book -- he even requires his clerks to read it .
I 'll get to where Rand picked up her silly Superman blather from later -- but first , let 's meet William Hickman , the " genuinely beautiful soul " and inspiration to Ayn Rand .
What you will read below -- the real story , details included , of what made Hickman a " Superman " in Ayn Rand 's eyes -- is extremely gory and upsetting , even if you 're well acquainted with true crime stories -- so prepare yourself .
But it 's necessary to read this to understand Rand , and to repeat this over and over until all of America understands what made her mind tick , because Rand 's influence over the very people leading the fight to kill social programs , and her ideological influence on so many powerful bankers , regulators and businessmen who brought the financial markets crashing down , means her ideas are affecting all of our lives in the worst way imaginable .
Rand fell for William Edward Hickman in the late 1920s , as the shocking story of Hickman 's crime started to grip the nation .
His crime , trial and case was a non -stop headline grabber for months ; the OJ Simpson of his day :
Hickman , who was only 19 when he was arrested for murder , was the son of a paranoid - schizophrenic mother and grandmother .
His schoolmates said that as a kid Hickman liked to strangle cats and snap the necks of chickens for fun -- most of the kids thought he was a budding manic , though the adults gave him good marks for behavior , a typical sign of sociopathic cunning .
He enrolled in college but quickly dropped out , and quickly turned to violent crime largely driven by the thrill and arrogance typical of sociopaths : in a brief and wild crime spree that grew increasingly violent , Hickman knocked over dozens of gas stations and drug stores across the Midwest and west to California .
Along the way it 's believed he strangled a girl in Milwaukee , and killed his crime partner 's grandfather in Pasadena , tossing his body over a bridge after taking his money .
Hickman 's partner later told police that Hickman told him how much he'd like to kill and dismember a victim someday -- and that day did come for Hickman .
One afternoon , Hickman drove up to Mount Vernon Junior High school in Los Angeles , and told administrators that he'd come to pick up " the Parker girl " -- her father , Perry Parker , was a prominent banker .
Hickman did n't know the girl 's first name , so when he was asked which of the two Parker twins -- Hickman answered , " the younger daughter . "
And then he corrected himself : " The smaller one . "
The school administrator fetched young Marion , and brought her out to Hickman .
No one suspected his motive ; Marion obediently followed Hickman to his car as she was told , where he promptly kidnapped her .
He wrote a ransom note to Marian 's father , demanding $ 1,500 for her return , promising that the girl would be left unharmed .
Marian was terrified into passivity -- she even waited in the car for Hickman when he went to mail his letter to her father .
Hickman 's extreme narcissism comes through in his ransom letters , as he refers to himself as a " master mind [ sic ] " and " not a common crook . "
Hickman signed his letters " The Fox " because he admired his own cunning : " Fox is my name , very sly you know . "
And then he threatened : " Get this straight .
Your daughter 's life hangs by a thread . "
Hickman and the girl 's father exchanged letters over the next few days as they arranged the terms of the ransom , while Marion obediently followed her captor 's demands .
She never tried to escape the hotel where he kept her ; Hickman even took her to a movie , and she never screamed for help .
She remained quiet and still as told when Hickman tied her to the chair -- he did n't even bother gagging her because there was no need to , right up to the gruesome end .
Hickman 's last ransom note to Marion 's father is where this story reaches its disturbing : Hickman fills the letter with hurt anger over her father 's suggestion that Hickman might deceive him , and " ask you for your $ 1500 for a lifeless mass of flesh I am base and low but wo n't stoop to that depth " What Hickman did n't say was that as he wrote the letter , Marion was already several chopped - up lifeless masses of flesh .
Why taunt the father ?
Why feign outrage ?
This sort of bizarre taunting was all part of the serial killer 's thrill , maximizing the sadistic pleasure he got from knowing that he was deceiving the father before the father even knew what happened to his daughter .
But this was nothing compared to the thrill Hickman got from murdering the helpless 12 - year - old Marion Parker .
Here is an old newspaper description of the murder , taken from the Pittsburgh Post - Gazette on December 27 , 1927 :
" It was while I was fixing the blindfold that the urge to murder came upon me , " he continued , " and I just could n't help myself .
I got a towel and stepped up behind Marian .
Then before she could move , I put it around her neck and twisted it tightly .
I held on and she made no outcry except to gurgle .
I held on for about two minutes , I guess , and then I let go .
" When I cut loose the fastenings , she fell to the floor .
" I knew she was dead .
" Well , after she was dead I carried her body into the bathroom and undressed her , all but the underwear , and cut a hole in her throat with a pocket knife to let the blood out . "
Another newspaper account dryly explained what Hickman did next :
Then he took a pocket knife and cut a hole in her throat .
Then he cut off each arm to the elbow .
Then he cut her legs off at the knees .
He put the limbs in a cabinet .
He cut up the body in his room at the Bellevue Arms Apartments .
Then he removed the clothing and cut the body through at the waist .
He put it on a shelf in the dressing room .
He placed a towel in the body to drain the blood .
He wrapped up the exposed ends of the arms and waist with paper .
He combed back her hair , powdered her face and then with a needle fixed her eyelids .
He did this because he realized that he would lose the reward if he did not have the body to produce to her father .
Hickman packed her body , limbs and entrails into a car , and drove to the drop - off point to pick up his ransom ; along his way he tossed out wrapped - up limbs and innards scattering them around Los Angeles .
When he arrived at the meeting point , Hickman pulled Miriam 's head and torso out of a suitcase and propped her up , her torso wrapped tightly , to look like she was alive -- he sewed wires into her eyelids to keep them open , so that she 'd appear to be awake and alive .
When Miriam 's father arrived , Hickman pointed a sawed - off shotgun at him , showed Miriam 's head with the eyes sewn open ( it would have been hard to see for certain that she was dead ) , and then took the ransom money and sped away .
As he sped away , he threw Miriam 's head and torso out of the car , and that 's when the father ran up and saw his daughter -- and screamed .
This is the " amazing picture " Ayn Rand -- guru to the Republican / Tea Party right - wing -- admired when she wrote in her notebook that Hickman represented " the amazing picture of a man with no regard whatsoever for all that a society holds sacred , and with a consciousness all his own .
A man who really stands alone , in action and in soul .
Other people do not exist for him , and he does not see why they should . "
Other people do n't exist for Ayn , either .
Part of her ideas are nothing more than a ditzy dilettante 's bastardized Nietzsche -- but even this was plagiarized from the same pulp newspaper accounts of the time .
According to an LA Times article in late December 1927 , headlined " Behavioralism Gets The Blame , " a pastor and others close to the Hickman case denounce the cheap trendy Nietzschean ideas that Hickman and others latch onto as a defense :
" Behavioristic philosophic teachings of eminent philosophers such as Nietzsche and Schopenhauer have built the foundation for William Edward Hickman 's original rebellion against society , " the article begins .
The fear that some felt at the time was that these philosophers ' dangerous , yet nuanced ideas would fall into the hands of lesser minds , who would bastardize Nietzsche and Schopenhauer and poison the rest of us .
Which aptly fits the description of Ayn Rand , whose philosophy developed out of her admiration for " Supermen " like Hickman .
Rand 's philosophy can be summed up by the title of one of her best - known books : The Virtue of Selfishness .
She argues that all selfishness is a moral good , and all altruism is a moral evil , even " moral cannibalism " to use her words .
To her , those who are n't like - minded sociopaths are " parasites " and " lice " and " looters . "
But with Rand , there 's something more pathological at work .
She 's out to make the world more sociopath - friendly so that people like Ayn and her hero William Hickman can reach their full potential , not held back by the morality of the " weak , " whom Rand despised .
That 's what makes it so creepy how Rand and her followers clearly get off on hating and bashing those they perceived as weak -- Rand and her followers have a kind of fetish for classifying weaker , poorer people as " parasites " and " lice " who need to swept away .
This is exactly the sort of sadism , bashing the helpless for kicks , that Rand 's hero Hickman would have appreciated .
What 's really unsettling is that even former Central Bank chief Alan Greenspan , whose relationship with Rand dated back to the 1950s , did some parasite - bashing of his own .
In response to a 1958 New York Times book review slamming Atlas Shrugged , Greenspan , defending his mentor , published a letter to the editor that ends : " Parasites who persistently avoid either purpose or reason perish as they should .
Alan Greenspan . "
As much as Ayn Rand detested human " parasites , " there is one thing she strongly believed in : creating conditions that increase the productivity of her Supermen - the William Hickmans who rule her idealized America : " If [ people ] place such things as friendship and family ties above their own productive work , yes , then they are immoral .
Friendship , family life and human relationships are not primary in a man 's life .
A man who places others first , above his own creative work , is an emotional parasite . "
And yet Republican faithful like GOP Congressman Paul Ryan read Ayn Rand and make declare , with pride , " Rand makes the best case for the morality of democratic capitalism . "
Indeed .
Except that Ayn Rand also despised democracy , as she declared : " Democracy , in short , is a form of collectivism , which denies individual rights : the majority can do whatever it wants with no restrictions .
In principle , the democratic government is all - powerful .
Democracy is a totalitarian manifestation ; it is not a form of freedom . "
" Collectivism " is another one of those Randian epithets popular among her followers .
Here for example is another Republican member of Congress , the one with the freaky thousand - yard - stare , Michelle Bachman , parroting the Ayn Rand ideological line , rto explain her reasoning for wanting to kill social programs :
" As much as the collectivist says to each according to his ability to each according to his need , that 's not how mankind is wired .
They want to make the best possible deal for themselves . "
Whenever you hear politicians or Tea Baggers dividing up the world between " producers " and " collectivism , " just know that those ideas and words more likely than not are derived from the deranged mind of a serial - killer groupie .
When you hear them threaten to " Go John Galt , " hide your daughters and tell them not to talk to any strangers -- or Tea Party Republicans .
And when you see them taking their razor blades to the last remaining programs protecting the middle class from total abject destitution -- Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid -- and brag about their plans to slash them for " moral " reasons , just remember Ayn 's morality and who inspired her .
Too many critics of Ayn Rand -- until I was one of them -- would rather dismiss her books and ideas as laughable , childish , hackneyed .
But it can't be dismissed because Rand is the name that keeps bubbling up from the Teabagger crowd and the elite conservative circuit in Washington as The Big Inspiration .
The only way to protect ourselves from this thinking is the way you protect yourself from serial killers : smoke the Rand followers out , make them answer for following the crazed ideology of a serial - killer - groupie , and run them the hell out of town and out of our hemisphere .
_______
About author Mark Ames was founder and editor of The eXile , the notorious Moscow - based , English - language newspaper shuttered last year after a raid by Russian authorities .
He is the author of two books :
The eXile : Sex , Drugs and Libel in the New Russia ( together with Matt Taibbi ) , and Going Postal : Rage , Murder and Rebellion : From Reagan ’s Workplaces to Clinton ’s Columbine and Beyond .
In her appearance at the Tea Party Convention , Sarah Palin mocked President Obama for his reliance on a teleprompter — while relying herself on a more rudimentary memory aid : notes scribbled on her hand .
Eagle - eyed viewers of Palin 's speech spotted the words " energy , " " cuts , " " tax " and " lift American spirits " written in pen on her left palm .
What does Palin 's apparent use of such a basic " cheat sheet " during a Q&A session say about her command of the issues ?
( Watch Palin glance at her hand during the interview )
What an embarrassment : " Good grief , " says Stefan Sirucek at The Huffington Post .
Her notes were n't even specific enough to be helpful .
Here we have a presidential contender who " apparently can't remember her supposed core principles and needs a cheat - sheet when simply asked about her beliefs . "
" Palin's Tea Party Crib notes "
Her notes were endearing and strategic : Given that most people can't speak in public at all , says Lance Mannion in his blog , Sarah 's hand notes helped her come across as trustworthy " regular folks . "
By contrast , the President 's impressive ability to give " specifically factual answers off the cuff while speaking in complex and parsable sentences " makes him an " other . "
Many Americans see Obama 's ability " to out - talk , out - argue , and out - think other people " as the ability to " out - smart them . "
Sarah knows better .
" Defending Sarah Palin's hand "
Who uses crib notes to answer softball questions ?
The most obvious question , says Kevin Drum at Mother Jones , is why anyone who 's gotten past seventh grade would " need to write this stuff down " for a soft - ball Q&A session .
" It 's not like she 's trying to remember the quadratic equation or anything .
For someone who swims in the seas that Palin swims in , this is about the equivalent of writing down a note to remember your birthday . "
" Photo of the day : Cheat sheet edition "
It does n't matter — Palin is still powerful :
No matter what you may think of someone who has to " write on her hand her priorities as president , " says Andrew Sullivan at the Daily Dish , it wo n't matter to " the people who support her . "
They still love her — which means she remains a " potent , content - free , and destructive force in American politics . "
" Palin 's cheat - sheet "
...........................................
SEE MORE OF THE WEEK'S COVERAGE OF SARAH PALIN :
• 2012 : President Sarah Palin ?
• Sarah Palin's book - buying scandal
• ' God 's plan ' for Sarah Palin
• Sarah Palin : leaving the GOP ?
" The Orthogonians " was a made - up name that might well have meant , " the squares . "
Orthogonians were n't working - class , exactly , but nevertheless there was a real authenticity to their revolt against the glamorous ones -- the " Franklins " -- who lorded it over them .
Recruiting like - minded Orthogonians and fueling their grievances , Mr. Perlstein writes , became the signature maneuver of Nixon 's career , from the days of Alger Hiss all the way to the White House .
" There were new currents to surf in the soaring sixties , based in the same kind of old resentments , " Mr. Perlstein writes , " new kinds of common people being put upon by new kinds of insolent and condescending Franklins -- the new kind of liberal who seemed to be saying that ... college kids who spat on the flag were oh - so - much more with - it than you . "
Nixon is gone today , along with the rioters and the radicals who riled his Silent Majority .
Most of the culture - war issues of those unhappy days are forgotten too ; even the culture - war issues of 2004 have already lost some of their potency .
Yet the strange class war that defined Nixonland renews itself endlessly , with different leaders and different symbols , but always with the same dynamic : the striving squares revenging themselves upon the hip and the snooty .
“ That ’s part of the problem , ” Kennedy answered .
“ People live to run for office becoming career politicians whose motivation is to be elected rather than being motivated to help .
I want to help people .
[ Running for office ] is making my life harder .
There are givers and takers in the political arena and I think it ’s important to give .
It ’s the best American value .
In order to give back , you must first take care of yourself , take care of your family and you ’ve got to pay your bills .
I ’ve worked hard all my life . ”
Kennedy raises livestock on his farm , makes furniture in his carpentry shop and has had a home remodeling business .
He is married to Rebecca “ Becka ” Saunders and is the father of three children -- Amber Grace , Jessica and Willis .
Kennedy said believes in every American having the freedom to work hard and succeed and not have what you ’ve worked hard to earn taken away by someone else .
“ We must respect the labor of all people , ” Kennedy said .
“ Right now , hard working people are not being looked out for , the middleclass is in trouble and without a middleclass , businesses cannot thrive in America .
I ’m outraged by the continuous shift of wealth from most people to the select few .
The ratio between the lowest and highest pay in America today reflects poorly upon our values .
We ca n’t afford the excessive compensation and survive and thrive .
We should have a more level playing field for all Americans . ”
During the interview , Kennedy wasted no time before going after his opposition , Congresswoman Virginia Foxx , saying that part of his campaign challenge is to point out distinctions between Foxx ’s political ideology and his thinking so voters have an educated choice in November .
“ The difference between Virginia and us is : we give , she takes , ” he said .
“ This day and age I worry that people take things for granted , do n’t realize how we got here .
Virginia constantly says she does n’t like government and promotes a pull yourself up by the bootstraps mentality of denial .
People have been benefiting from government programs for a long time in this country and still are .
What would our Fifth District be like had the rural electric cooperatives not been started by the government ?
The government is our common wealth , our school systems , secure banking , police and fire departments , roads and water systems belong collectively to us all .
And it ’s our responsibility to manage our collective wealth wisely .
“ No one makes it all on their own .
We all benefit from successful government programs , ” Kennedy added .
“ Virginia got her BA , MA and ED from our outstanding public North Carolina Universities and she ’s been on the dole ever since .
She ’s been living off the N.C. taxpayers , gaming the system and now she wants to deny the same opportunity she had to everyone else .
Just last weekend she said that she did n’t believe that federal funds should be used for education .
“ I went to college with the help of federal programs .
Last year ’s federal stimulus money went to our colleges and local schools supporting , and in some cases saving teaching positions , in this tough economy .
Students do n’t get a second chance ; you ca n’t abandon them .
If their basic educational needs are not met , they become economically disadvantaged , costing us all more in the end . ”
Kennedy sees a direct relationship between education and democracy .
” Countries with higher literacy rates have more developed and thriving democracies , ” he said .
“ Investing in education is money well spent .
We need an educated workforce to compete .
We need good jobs .
We need to be leading the world in new technologies , green technologies .
We need to promote these new green technologies with tax credits at the state and federal levels .
We need to renew our manufacturing base .
Bring the work back home . ”
When asked if he agrees with Foxx ’s nationally publicized statement that , “ There are no Americans who do n’t have healthcare , ” Kennedy responded , “ That statement shows how out of touch Foxx is .
On our radio show ( Kennedy is a morning personality on WATA - AM 1450 ) , High Country Radio ’s call - in show , we ’ve had numerous conversations about the people right here in our own community who have no access to healthcare .
I ’m self - employed and understand what it ’s like for the average farmer and small businessman to afford the spiraling cost of health insurance .
We ca n’t afford the inefficiency of our present healthcare system .
Its costs make us uncompetitive in the world economy . ”
After talking at length about healthcare , he said , “ Profiting off people ’s illnesses seems immoral to me . ”
Kennedy ’s father was a Presbyterian minister and mayor of Black Mountain .
When asked if he has a religious political agenda , Kennedy replied that he thinks of his father ’s saying often : “ What would make God happy ?
I ’m comfortable with my Christianity . ”
Kennedy continued that it was not up to him to question anyone ’s faith .
“ The Christian life I embrace is one of service ; my faith comes from helping , ” he said .
Volunteer service runs in the Kennedy family .
In 2000 , his wife was the recipient of the distinguished North Carolina Governor ’s Award for Volunteerism .
Kennedy said that he is also committed to making sure his campaign has a volunteer component .
Foxx had about $ 1.2 million in her campaign war chest at the end of 2009 and no debts , according to the Center for Responsive Politics .
She has the power of incumbency and the Fifth District has an R - 15 rating in political statistics , meaning the district is heavily dominated by registered republicans and is not viewed as a winnable seat for democrats by national political pundits .
“ The biggest obstacle my campaign has to overcome is that people think that Foxx and her huge war chest ca n’t be beat .
That ’s wrong -- anyone can be beat , ” Kennedy concluded .
We all have little victories in our daily lives that bring us the joys that makes it all worth it .
I had one yesterday when a board I 'm on took my advise and decided to move their annual meeting from Inside - the - Beltway , where they are based , to ... America .
I couched my suggestion in a discussion of the relative merits of the weather .
" Here it 's gorgeous , sunny , warm , fresh .
There it 's snowing , freezing , slushy , hideous , windy ... the air travel system is screwed up ... everyone is sick and contagious . "
Most everyone agreed , although I had the idea that one or two are afraid to venture outside the Bubble .
And ... I never did get into the most fundamental reason for why I begged the meeting be not in DC .
A friend of mine put it well in the context of how the conservative forces are able to get their way on most anything regardless of what political party dominates which branches of government .
He used to work in the belly of the beast and was horrified when he first discovered that many members of Congress , even politically progressive ones , are desperate to be embraced , accepted and welcomed into the ruling class , how much they want to be part of that circle , at least socially and emotionally .
" It 's something much deeper than just a campaign contribution .
It 's them feeling as if they are equals and on the same side of the power structure .
"
It takes a very special man or woman to not want to be part of that crap .
When I fight with the DCCC about how they always pick the more conservative candidate in primaries , it sometimes does go beyond ideology .
They can smell that desire to embrace the ruling class and that desperation to fit in .
It 's why we wind up with garbage like Tim Mahoney as a candidate instead of a union school teacher like Dave Lutrin .
It 's why the Debbie Wasserman Schultz -- the quintessential climber and fitter - inner -- is pushing shallow , ignorant , reactionary Blue Dog Lori Edwards instead of career Naval officer and progressive thinker Doug Tudor .
The Insiders always want to replicate themselves .
If you took my advice and read Rick Perlstein 's Nixonland you know how Nixon was able to manipulate the tension between the Orthogonians ( outsiders ) and the Franklins ( insiders ) to help propel himself into the presidency .
Writing in thein 2008 , Thomas Frank grabbed on to the analogy Donna Edwards has spent many years working on behalf of working families Inside - the - Beltway .
Now she 's a member of Congress but she will never be one of .
Last year one of her admiring colleagues , a very senior Democrat , confided in me , wistfully , that he was young once too and as idealistic as Donna is .
Donna 's idealism , unlike his own , is n't for sale to the highest bidder and is n't subject to the manipulation of the reigning Franklins .
I 'm betting Carol Shea - Porter is made of the same stuff as Donna ; Alan Grayson as well .
No desperation among any of them .
There are others ; not too many though .
I 'm wondering if Bill Kennedy may not also be this kind of extraordinary person -- someone who will go to Washington and never really become one of them .
He 's running against for the North Carolina congressional seat held by a far right ideologue and bundle of self - righteous hatred , Virginia Foxx .
We first mentioned Billy 's campaign on Monday and you might want to go back for the first impressions .
He 's going to be officially declaring his candidacy on Monday with a caravan that starts at 9 am at the Watauga County Courthouse Board of Elections in Boone and goes on to the Wilkes County Heritage Museum in Wilkesboro ( 10:45 am ) , the Forsyth County Democratic Party headquarters at 1128 Burke St. in Winston - Salem ( 12:30 pm ) and winding up at the North Carolina Board of Elections at 506 North Harrington Street in Raleigh .
I 've been reading everything I could about Billy and speaking to as many people who know him as I could find and the most heartening thing I keep coming across is one key word : " authenticity .
" Thursday a local newspaper , thestarted their interview by declaring , perhaps skeptically , that he had never held an elective office before .
Is he the real thing ?
Another Donna Edwards perhaps ?
Watch the first ad he made and see what you think yourself .
Then think about donating a little something to help him overcome the $ 1,175,082 Foxx has on hand , much of it courtesy of the Medical - Industrial Complex , Big Banking Interests and AgriBusiness .
Her biggest single contributors so far this year are the gambling interests behind the Las Vegas Sands , the American Bankers Association , the extremely sleazy American Crystal Sugar ( which has no business in NC - 5 ) and AT&T .
Billy has collected $ 1,690 from 25 small donors so far , no special interests .
You can help Billy 's campaign here on ActBlue
Labels : Billy Kennedy , North Carolina , Virginia Foxx
Barcelona – Today I tried out Opera Mini running on the iPhone , and it kicks Safari 's butt .
The folks at Opera have a native version of their browser running on the iPhone , and while there are limits due to the way it is built , for sheer speed of browsing , it has Safari beat .
Opera Mini has not yet been submitted to Apple for approval :
The demo I saw was of a very mature but unfinished version .
But when it does get sent to Apple 's crack team of picky , fickle reviewers , it should , technically at least , pass .
The reason that browsers other than those based on Webkit ( Safari ) are n't allowed on the iPhone is that Apple bans the running of interpretive code .
This means Java , or Flash , or any other runtime is out .
Opera Mini gets around this by doing all the rendering on the server - Opera 's servers actually run web browsers - and sending what are essentially pictures to the phone .
These " pictures " look and act like regular web pages , only they are 90 % smaller .
That 's a big deal if you 're using a phone in a country with expensive bandwidth ( Russia is a big market for Opera Mini ) .
IPhone users will be more interested in the cost reductions for roaming data use , and in speed .
We loaded up the NYT front page in both browsers ( Opera 's Phillip Grønvold is pretty good at hitting both " go " buttons at once ) and we were up and browsing five or six pages deep with Opera before Safari had even finished the front page .
Better , Opera is responsive to zooming and scrolling as soon as the text is up on screen .
IPhone users know that this is n't the case for Mobile Safari .
Another speed - up comes from caching .
Not caching pages , but keeping the markup file ( like we said , they 're not really just pictures ) from each page , ready to re-display .
This gives instant back - and - forward navigation .
There are some quirks .
In order to keep things consistent across platforms ( Opera Mini is available for almost any modern phone ) , some iPhone UI conventions are ignored .
Copy and paste gets its own custom widgets , although it still talks to the built - in clipboard .
In this way it is a little like , say , Photoshop , which has almost identical versions on Windows and OS X , even if the OS X version annoys many Mac users with its UI .
If Opera makes it through the Apple approval process , I 'll be grabbing it right away .
The speed makes it perfect the kind of fast reading you do on a phone .
And it has one feature that will surely make Apple warm to it : because it does n't support video of any kind , Opera Mini wo n't display Flash .
Opera Mini for iPhone sneak peek [ Opera ]
See Also :
How Do We Do That ?
We Feel Your Pain .
Then We Make the Judge and Jury Feel It too .
If you have a personal injury or employment law dispute in Oakland , California , you can rely on the litigation attorneys at Venardi Zurada .
We pride ourselves on providing excellent , dedicated , and personalized service to our clients .
We care personally about the well - being of our clients , and we offer more than just outstanding legal representation :
We offer advice , counsel , and personal service to our clients .
We help injured clients get the medical care they need , and we offer advice to wronged employees to help them through times of crisis .
When you get hurt through someone else ’s actions or negligence , you may have to deal with a lot of recovery time and bills .
However , you should n’t have to deal with it all by yourself , without compensation .
The professional Oakland injury lawyers at Venardi Zurada are experienced at helping you gain the help you need after an injury .
If you live around Oakland , including Walnut Creek , CA , or Redding , CA , our personal injury attorneys can help you .
We have years of experience with trial cases , and our main focus is on getting you the best outcome possible .
You can trust that our Oakland injury lawyers will work their hardest to help you .
Throughout the involved legal process of a personal injury case , we ’ll stay by your side and fight for your compensation .
We ’ve won over $ 100 million for our clients , so see what we can do for you if you ’ve been injured .
There is NO FEE until we win .
We bring dedication , intelligence , and personal attention , along with decades of experience to the table .
We use that combination to get our clients the compensation they need and the justice they deserve .
Can we help you , too ?
Find out .
Contact our Oakland personal injury lawyers today for a free case review .
Experienced Oakland Injury Lawyers With Decades of Excellent Service to Northern California
The Oakland injury lawyers at Venardi Zurada have dedicated their professional lives to serving the people of California .
If you need representation for a claim involving personal injury , wrongful death , unpaid wages or employment discrimination , our experienced litigators have the skillset to get results .
Our team has spent decades cultivating the respect of clients , professional colleagues , and the courts .
You can be confident in relying on our zealous and effective Oakland injury lawyers :
We have served Northern California for over 35 years .
Our attorneys have been honored with numerous accolades , including SuperLawyers , AV Rating , and Top 100 Trial Attorney Awards .
In our decades of legal service to the community , we have garnered a substantial reputation .
We are respected by opposing counsel , feared by insurance companies , and followed by jurors .
We combine Big Firm experience with boutique office attention and care .
Several of our attorneys have experience working for the biggest law firms in the country , including the most prominent maritime defense law firm .
Our attorneys rely on that big - firm know - how but prefer the personal touch of a smaller firm , allowing us to provide individualized and attentive representation to each of our clients .
We ’ve been through it , too .
Attorney Mark Venardi had to personally deal with a medical malpractice injury he suffered at a time when he was working a blue - collar job on an offshore oil rig ; he knows what it ’s like to be a working man dealing with a personal injury .
He built his way up to working for the biggest maritime defense firm in the country , before deciding to focus on helping people like himself who were hurt by negligence and mistreatment from others .
We like to fight for the underdog .
Attorney Martin Zurada is an immigrant and the son of immigrants who tirelessly worked his way up through education and experience to attain the American dream .
Even though he has served in large , high - level litigation law firms , he prefers helping clients directly , fighting against injustices , and securing victories for the little guy who has been wronged .
We win .
We have secured multi-million dollar verdicts and settlements .
In our combined tenure , we have recovered tens of millions of dollars for our clients across our broad areas of practice .
We care first and foremost about our clients .
We dedicate ourselves to serve each and every client personally , and we make ourselves available to our clients around the clock .
There is no cost to you until we win .
If we do n’t make a recovery for you , we will not collect a fee .
And all initial consultations are free of charge .
Dedicated Areas of Practice
We offer a wide range of litigation services for Oakland personal injury and employment law clients .
Specifically , our areas of dedicated practice span the following issues : Employment Law .
California employers must assure proper pay to employees and comply with a variety of rules and regulations to prevent discrimination and unfair treatment of employees .
We represent victims of wage and hour violations , employment discrimination , workplace harassment , retaliation , wrongful termination , and any other form of California workplace mistreatment .
If you believe you were treated inappropriately at work , we can help .
Personal Injury .
If you ’ve been injured due to another ’s negligence , you deserve compensation .
That ’s where we come in .
As Oakland personal injury attorneys , we right the wrongs done to our clients .
And we do it at our cost during the entire duration of your case .
There is never any fee until we win .
Give us a call if you have been hurt in a car accident , by a toxic spill or contamination , as a result of medical malpractice , due to abuse or neglect , in a maritime accident , by a vicious animal attack , or any other incident caused by someone else ’s negligence .
The Sooner You Speak to an Oakland Injury Lawyer , the Stronger Your Chances for Recovery Will Become .
Contact the Oakland injury lawyers at Venardi Zurada today , and let ’s get started .
We are available to talk any time , so whether you call , email or chat online , we ’ll respond and set up an appointment to meet you .
We have several Spanish speakers in the office and welcome the opportunity to cater our services to Oakland ’s Spanish - speaking population .
You pay no fee until we win for you , so you have nothing to lose by contacting our office for a free consultation .
The sooner you call , the faster we can start getting results for you .
Call 925-937-3900 .
I 'm working on my Project , and you could have one , too !
Everyone ’s project will look different , but it ’s the rare person who ca n’t benefit .
Join in -- no need to catch up , just jump in right now .
Each Friday ’s post will help you think about your own happiness project .
I realized that a source of clutter in my apartment , and a significant drain on my energy , was the uncomfortable presence of unfinished projects .
Every time I see evidence of an unfinished project , I get a jolt of annoyance or .
The thought “ I should finish that …why have n’t I finished that ? ” makes me flinch .
For example , while trying to bring some order to our toy closet , I spotted a kit for making a mountain scene that my older daughter and I were going to build together .
It looked like so much fun , but it turned out to be far more work than we expected .
So there it sat , opened but unfinished .
Unread magazines .
Half - read books .
Books that I ’ve read and marked up , but from which I have n’t processed my notes yet ( I spend a crazy amount of time taking notes on what I ’ve read ) .
The half - completed project to organize the doll clothes .
I decided that my new resolution is to “ Finish the things I ’ve started .
Or put an end to them . ”
I want to get them out of my way , one way or another .
I ’m lucky , though , because my half - finished projects do n’t make much of a mess .
I have friends with bedroom corners and dining - room tables that permanently house half - built Lego castles , dusty piles of recipes , scrapbooks with half the pages filled in .
Unfinished projects are irritating in themselves , and they also contribute to clutter , because it ’s so tempting to leave an unfinished project out in the open , as a reminder to finish it .
But then it does n’t get finished it !
For days , weeks , months !
I have a friend who leaves all her paperwork on her kitchen counter next to the sink , to remind herself to deal with it .
It sits there , untouched , getting spattered and stained , as weeks go by .
I said , “ Why do n’t you put this stuff in a drawer or a file , so it ’s out of your way ? ”
She answered , “ But then I ’d never cope with it ! ”
In fact , keeping her papers in the open does n’t prompt her to act -- and just makes her feel worse , because her kitchen looks like a wreck .
For me , one of the most persistent , nagging , draining unfinished tasks is dealing with our photos .
I just do n’t enjoy the process of making digital photo albums .
I should keep up with it , so that I do n’t have to deal with a million photos at once , but I do n’t , so whenever I do force myself to tackle it , it ’s a very big job .
I love looking at photos albums – and so does my whole family – and I know that in the long run , making these photo albums will bring great happiness .
Happy memories of the past are an effective way to make yourself happier in the present , and things like photo albums , mementos , and one - sentence journals are great ways to keep happy memories vivid .
One problem is that the minute I put one album together , it ’s time to start the next !
After I do my next one , I think I will create some sort of schedule – to work on it for an hour once every two weeks – so I feel like I ’m on top of it .
Finishing mini-steps will make it easier to finish a major projects .
Dealing with email is a common happiness challenge , and in part , that ’s because email is always an unfinished task .
More emails arrive , all the time .
I do n’t try to maintain a zero in - box , but even being reasonably responsive can feel overwhelming .
( I usually do a pretty decent job , but if you emailed me while I was on my book tour , I really was n’t able to keep up .
I .)
Email is an exception to my resolution , because it ca n’t be finally completed or abandoned .
But I ’m going through my apartment , looking for unfinished projects .
I ’m pushing myself either to finish them , or call an end to them .
They ’re weighing me down .
How about you ?
Have you ever felt this way about an unfinished project ?
What was the project ?
* Why am I so fascinated by time - lapse photography ?
No idea .
But here 's great time - lapse video of Russia .
* Did I ever happen to mention that The Happiness Project hit # 1 on the New York Times bestseller list ?
Oh right , I did .
Yay !
If you ’re curious about the book , you can …
Order your copy !
Read sample chapters !
Watch the one - minute book trailer !
Listen to a few chapters of the audiobook !
If you 're inspired to start your own happiness project , join the 2010 Happiness Challenge , to make 2010 a happier year .
It was Regina King , winning her fourth career Emmy on Sunday , who perhaps summed up the proceedings the most succinctly – and accurately : “ This is …
There are many things Australians could teach the Japanese a thing or two about .
Kindness to whales is one area in which we enjoy an obvious advantage .
And there 's other stuff too - work - life balance , good coffee and leg - spin bowling spring to mind .
But after a recent visit to Japan , I find it hard to avoid feeling that we have so much more to learn from them than they do from us .
Such as how to build an adequate public transport system .
The Japanese could teach Metro a thing or two about making the trains run .
Credit : Frank Maiorana
A clue to their outstanding adequacy in mass transit comes soon after arrival at Narita Airport , the main gateway to Japan , where signs point to two alternative high - speed express trains into central Tokyo , along with some cheaper limited - express options .
More telling still is the metropolitan rail map of Tokyo , a spaghetti - like profusion of criss - crossing , twisting and looping lines - above and below ground - in numbers and density that almost defy comprehension .
With such a network , Tokyoites generally do n't need cars ; getting from almost any place to another by train is convenient , quick and economical .
It is also reliable - the timetable is not a work of fantasy or aspiration , but a factual and usually precise guide to what actually happens .
The Icelanders have risen up and humiliated their political class over its handling of the financial crisis , as I mentioned on Thursday .
But there 's nothing terribly unusual about their sense of powerlessness and alienation from the writing of the rules of the banking and finance game .
When it comes to how banks are allowed to behave , sovereignty over decision - making rarely rests with citizens .
Did anyone actually ask us whether we wanted our banks rescued to the tune of £ 1.2 trillion during and after the crisis of 2008 ?
If they had , we might have said no .
So perhaps it 's a good thing that politicians and central bankers simply did what they thought was best for us , without consulting - because if the banks had gone down , the contraction in our economy would have been far far worse than it turned out to be .
Better to leave it to the experts , eh ?
But hang on a tick : who actually got us into this mess in the first place ?
It was n't the fault of ordinary citizens like you and me .
It was those self - proclaimed experts who allowed our banks to become too huge , too complicated , too addicted to taking crazy risks , and too poorly endowed with life - preserving capital .
We trusted the Treasury , the Financial Services Authority and the Bank of England to make the right decisions about the structure and stewardship of our banking industry - and they got it spectacularly wrong .
That 's representative democracy - but actually normal representative democracy does n't really operate in this sphere ,
How so ?
Well , most of our elected representatives - including ministers - understand less about banking and finance than even those who actually ran the banks .
So , little did we know , we have been delegating most of the really important decisions about all this to a financial priesthood : faceless , unelected , unaccountable technocrats who make up a committee that meets in the picture - postcard Swiss town of Basel - what 's known as the Basel Committee on banking supervision .
These financial priests let us down too .
The rules they imposed on banks that were intended to limit dangerous risk - taking actually had the effect of encouraging banks to behave imprudently .
Their rules made the financial system more fragile , not less .
Here 's the funny thing .
Although we as taxpayers have come to the rescue of the financial system on an unprecedented scale , we 're allowing those aloof financial priests to design the new system .
It 's true that ministers have published policy papers on the structure of regulation and the method for limiting the contagion when a bank gets into difficulties .
And the Tories have proposed that the Bank of England should have much more power to police banks .
As for the Basel Committee , it has set out plans to revise and rehabilitate its own flawed rules for the banking industry ( and this weekend , the Basel Committee 's host , the Bank for International Settlements - known as the central bankers ' central bank - will warn commercial bankers that they may already be taking silly risks again ) .
But none of this represents a proper public debate on the big questions that matter , such as :
• whether there should be a limit on the size of banks ;
• whether those banks that take our deposits and lend to business , and will always be supported by taxpayers because of their importance to the economy , should be prohibited from engaging in certain kinds of more speculative business ; or
• whether our economy is excessively dependent on the City .
Since we 've picked up an enormous bill for the banks ' recklessness and fecklessness , you might think we should be having a proper say over what kind of banks we want , for our money .
Panthers CEO
Stu Siegel recently posted a follow - up to the now - famous " The Letter " ( composed by he and co-owner Cliff Viner ) from late last week which no less than rocked the NHL for its honesty and blunt assessment of the organization .
From Siegel 's latest blog post :
... the response ( to the letter ) has been tremendous .
Of course , like anything we do in professional sports , there will always be supporters and naysayers .
But an overwhelming number of our fans expressed both relief and excitement that we are unwilling to stand pat and accept the norm .
Even more than we could have imagined , our fans spoke out in favor of action , in favor of change .
What is even more clear to us is that our supporters want to build something special here in South Florida .
They do n’t just want a team that will finally break the spell and make its first playoff appearance since the year 2000 , but rather a team that can become a consistent winner .
At least they are remaining on - topic .
Now that the hammer has dropped , ownership is reiterating the need for patience as the club is re-tooled ( though to what extent it will be " re-tooled " is anyone 's guess ) .
Again the trade deadline , draft , free - agency , and training camp are mentioned as pivotal points , obviously .
Have to wonder , though , how many A - listers are pining to climb aboard this ship over the summer ( if the organization even wishes to travel that route ) .
A foundation of sorts will need to be established at the deadline which shows a solid , sound commitment to the future , whether in picks or players , to attract anyone of note .
In any case , a plan of action must be drawn and implemented quickly , as March 3rd is rapidly closing .
.
Here 's something odd - a while ago , the website of the National Wildlife Federation ( http://www.nwf.org) had an article by Don Hinrichsen , an environmentalist who is also a " consultant on population " for the United Nations called " 6,000,000,000 Consumption Machines " which referred to children as " consumption machines " and discussed how they damaged ' our ' environment .
This charming article has been deleted from the NWF 's website , though Google search records its existence ( http://www.google.co.uk/search?hl=en&rlz=1C1CHMA_e...
and it has been reproduced elsewhere on the net and can still be read .
Here for example : http://findarticles.com/p/articles/mi_m1170/is_199...
If you follow this link , the citation / copyright note for the article says : [ QUOTE ]
----------------------------------
" " Don Hinrichsen is an environmental reporter who specializes in covering the developing world .
For the last 12 years , he has also been a consultant on population for the United Nations system , principally the UN Population Fund .
His analysis is based on an in - depth review of available sources , including government agencies , environmental groups , think tanks , international entities and individual experts .
For information on the National Wildlife Federation 's population efforts , see its web site : www.nwf.org/international/pop. " "
---------------------------------
But if you want to find out about the National Wildlife Federation 's population efforts and click on the link you no longer get taken to a page on overpopulation , but rather to this page on climate change http://www.nwf.org/Global-Warming/Policy-Solutions...
So why has the National Wildlife Federation tried to scrub all mention of it's " efforts " on overpopulation from the internet and replace them with global warming instead ?
.
Not that there is much of a Klondyke atmosphere among the Falklands ' 3,000 - strong population .
The oil companies have stressed the uncertainty over their exploration , ensuring that – as Emma Edwards puts it – " nobody has been running around popping champagne corks " .
British in a way that often smacks of the 1950s , the islanders do n't really seem to " do " wild excitement .
Instead , some have expressed misgivings about the social and environmental impact that sudden oil money could have on their unspoilt way of life .
Signs of oil - related materialism are already creeping into the town .
Developers are trying to sell refurbished three - bed cottages on the waterfront in Stanley for the unheard of price of £ 320,000 .
Rising prices have meant that first - time buyers have had trouble finding somewhere they can afford – a new phenomenon .
What 's it like to be a woman serving in the Israeli occupation force in the West Bank ?
Is a woman 's experience as an occupier any different than a man's ?
Yes indeed , say some women who have just broken their silence and offered a glimpse into the grim reality of the occupation .
" A female combat soldier needs to prove more , " one explains .
" A female soldier who beats up others is a serious fighter ... When I arrived there was another female [ who ] was there before me ... Everyone spoke of how impressive she is because she humiliates Arabs without any problem .
That was the indicator .
You have to see her , the way she humiliates , the way she slaps them , wow , she really slapped that guy . "
This " impressive " woman is not a rare exception .
" We discovered that the girls try to be even more violent and brutal than the boys , just to become one of the guys , " says Dana Golan , director of Breaking the Silence , the Israeli organization that has just released a report with testimony from some 50 Israeli women who are veterans of the occupation .
The report " indicates how violence was deeply rooted in the daily routine , " according to an article in Yediot Aharonot , one of Israel 's most widely - read newspapers , full of disturbing quotes from the women .
One who served at the Erez crossing between Israel and Gaza explained that " there was a procedure in which before you release a Palestinian back into the Strip -- you take him inside the tent and beat him .
... together with the commanders . "
For Israelis who care to pay attention , another revelation of routine violence , sanctioned and sometimes even led by officers , hardly comes as news .
Breaking the Silence has been offering the Israeli public such eyewitness testimony from Israeli soldiers since 2004 .
What is news is the first insight into the distinctive experience of women :
" The female soldiers repeatedly mention the particular difficulties they had as women , who had to prove that to were ‘ fighters ' in the midst of the goading male soldiers on the one hand , and the Palestinians , who have a hard time handling women in uniform on the other hand . "
One woman recalled an incident several years ago when a Palestinian man laughed at her , because ( or so she thought ) she was a woman in uniform .
She had to " salvage her self - respect , " she says .
So she moved close to the man , " as if I was about to kiss him .
I told him , ' Come , come , what are you afraid of ?
Come to me !'
And I hit him in the balls .
I told him , ' Why are n't you laughing ? '
He was in shock , and then he realized ... not to laugh . "
" It should n't reach such a situation , " the woman says now .
" The system is deeply flawed .
The entire administration , the way things are run , it 's not right . "
Palestinian women have a distinctive experience , too .
" Was there abuse of women ? " , an interviewer asked .
" Yes , " a woman soldier replied .
" Slaps , that kind of thing .
Mainly slaps .
...
It was mainly the female combat soldiers who beat people .
...
But also men , they had no problem slapping a woman around .
If she screamed , they 'd say , ' Shut it , ' with another slap .
A routine of violence .
There were also those who did n't take part , but everyone knew it happened . "
Sometimes , as the Breaking the Silence report indicates , the level of brutality grows beyond comprehension : a five year old child beaten ; a nine year old who " posed no danger " shot to death ; another child with both arms and both legs intentionally broken .
The Yediot Aharonoth article offers a series of such horrifying incidents .
When the full report is available on the Breaking the Silence website , it will be surely include even more heart - breaking tales .
Each soldier , male or female , is responsible for their own individual actions , of course .
But this report raises disturbing questions about the society that requires them to serve in the military and then sends them on such a brutalizing mission , one that dehumanizes the perpetrators as well as their victims .
Most disturbing , perhaps , is their common explanation for the violence the inflict :
The soldiers ' daily routine in the Occupied Territories " is boring , so we 'd create some action .
We 'd get on the radio , and say they threw stones at us , then someone would be arrested , they 'd start investigating him ...
There was a policewoman , she was bored , so okay , she said they threw stones at her .
They asked her who threw them .
' I do n't know , two in grey shirts , I did n't manage to see them . '
They catch two guys with grey shirts ... beat them .
Is it them ?
' No , I do n't think so . '
Okay , a whole incident , people get beaten up .
Nothing happened that day . "
Another woman , describing a common ritual of humiliating and beating Palestinians at checkpoints , agreed : " It could go on for hours , depending on how bored they are .
A shift is eight hours long , the times must be passed somehow . "
The boredom is not a gendered experience .
I heard exactly the same thing last year from a young Israeli man , now actively working to oppose the occupation .
When he manned a checkpoint , at the tender age of 18 , he would start each day intent on treating Palestinians humanely , he said .
But as the hours went on -- as the boredom , the occasional inevitable conflicts , and often the oppressive heat , grew -- he would become more irritable , more violent , more likely to abuse his power .
Boredom and its minor irritations can easily lead young people , many of them still teenagers , to commit senseless violence .
We see it happening in civilian life in most every nation , far too often .
But when we see it we call it anti-social and dysfunctional , a problem to be addressed by society .
We assume that society at large has a different norm , a more constructive way of dealing with boredom , which should be taught to the misbehaving youth .
Perhaps antisocial violence , wherever it occurs , is always a symptom of a whole society 's dysfunction .
But in this case the connection between individual and society is especially obvious and glaring .
The antisocial Israeli youth are wearing their nation 's uniform , acting ( sometimes under orders ) in the name of " national security , " often praised for their violent behavior , and virtually never disciplined no matter how far they go .
They 've grown up in a Jewish society that tends to treat Palestinians ( not always , but far too often ) as inherently dangerous , evil , inferior , and deserving whatever harm comes to them .
It 's hardly surprising that many of them would so easily cross the moral line into the realm of inhumanity .
Yet they 've also grown up in a society that teaches them basic moral standards that should apply to all people .
Most of the women interviewed in the report say they knew that what they were seeing , and sometimes doing , was wrong .
But very few lodged any complaints , fearing the consequences if they spoke up .
" I have to make a switch in my head and keep hating the Arabs and justify the Jews , " one explained .
Now , these women , like their male colleagues , must live with the consequences of participating in a brutal occupation that many realize is a terrible moral , as well as political , mistake .
Jewish Israeli society must live with the consequences of putting its young people into such an agonizing situation , where moral contradiction is an everyday fact of life .
Worst of all , Palestinian society must go on paying the price for Israel 's failure to bring its reality in line with its proclaimed principles .
Following Mithridates ’ latest post and comment on artificial language compared to revived language , I consider it appropriate to share my point of view on this subject .
For me , the schematic classification of languages into “ natural ” and “ artificial ” could be made more or less as follows , from ‘ most natural ’ ( 1 ) to ‘ most artificial ’ ( 20 ) :
NOTE 1 : There are 20 categories , as there could be just 4 ( living , dead , reconstructed and invented ) or 6 , or 15 , or a million categories corresponding to one language each , based on thorough statistical studies of vocabulary , grammar , ‘ prestige ’ , etc .
Thus , 20 is only the number that appeared after I classified the languages I know in some personal , general and more or less straightforward classes ; the concept looked for by this classification is to locate where proto- languages ( and especially Modern Indo- European or Europe ’s PIE ) are if compared to natural languages and “ conlangs ” .
It is also possibly the minimum number to show the interesting difference between categories 9 and 10 .
NOTE 2 : one may or may not agree on languages given as examples of this or that particular category ; however , the general concept behind individual categories is what matters .
For the term ‘ ( international ) prestige ’ as it is used here , I took in part as reference Dutch sociologist Abram de Swaan ’s Global Language System concept .
Spoken languages – with a continuated history of written use and international prestige – own historical vocabulary and grammar enough to communicate everything : English , German , French , Spanish , etc. Spoken languages – with some ( interrupted ) history of written use and limited international prestige – enough historical vocabulary to build new necessary terms : Polish , Gaelic , Catalan , Occitan , etc. Spoken languages – with limited historical written use or international prestige – limited vocabulary , clear need of lexical and grammatical borrowings ( from 1 or 2 ) to speak in all situations : Ukrainian , Basque , Sardinian , Saami , etc .
Spoken languages with no written use at all – many expressions and vocabulary not available ; taken if needed from prestigious languages ( 1 or 2 , rarely 3 ) : many native American and African languages , and generally all so - called dialects ( like Scots , Asturian or Piedmontese ) not written down before the last century .
Dead languages – well attested , with enough history of use and [ past ] international prestige : Classical Latin , Koine Greek , Classical Sanskrit , etc .
Dead languages – some well attested history of use : Archaic Greek , Vedic Sanskrit , Old English , Old French , Old Church Slavonic , etc .
Dead languages – not well attested – need for some writing decyphering and / or interpretation : Hittite , Avestan , Old Norse , Gothic , Old Prussian , etc .
Dead languages – some writings only – writing decyphering and / or interpretation necessary – partially reconstructed with the help of related languages : Mycenaean , Oscan , Gaulish , Cornish , etc .
Hypothetical languages – no writings available – good archaeological knowledge – well reconstructed thanks to attested dialects and related languages : Proto - Germanic , Proto - Indo - Aryan , Proto - Slavic , Proto - Greek , Europe ’s Proto - Indo - European , etc .
Dead languages – some writings only – difficult writing decyphering and / or interpretation – available data not enough for a trustable reconstruction : Lusitanian , Thracian , Etruscan , Iberian , etc .
Hypothetical languages – no writings available – some archaeological knowledge – reconstruction available generally deemed correct by linguists – persistent controversy over reconstructed details : Proto - Celtic , Proto - Italic , Proto - Indo - European ( III ) , etc .
Hypothetical languages – insufficient linguistic and archaeological [ data for a trustable ] reconstruction of actual language , speakers and / or time span : Proto - Indo - European ( II or “ Indo - Hittite ” ) , Proto - Uralic , Proto - Turkic , Proto - Semitic , Proto - Dravidian , etc .
Hypothetical languages – no academic consensus over its actual shape , but certainty of existence : Early PIE , Proto - Basque , Proto - Albanian , Proto - Armenian , etc. Corrected languages – strictly based on spoken or dead languages with ‘ improvements ’ : Latino sine flexione , etc. Corrected languages – strictly based on hypothetical languages with ‘ improvements ’ : Sambahsa - Mundialect ( a modern PIE with an easier verbal and nominal inflection , borrowed [ non- translated ] IE vocabulary , etc. ) .
Invented languages – loosely based on a homogeneous group of spoken or dead languages : Germanic IAL ( mostly Germanic base ) , Slovio ( based on Slavic languages ) , Interlingua or Lingua Franca Nova ( Romance languages ) , etc .
Invented languages – based on an arbitrary combination ( usually deemed “ the best ” or “ the easiest ” ) of spoken or dead language features : Volapük , Esperanto or Ido ( taking mostly European languages ) ; most modern IAL - oriented “ conlangs ” fit into this category .
Invented languages – artistic or fictional ones , based on living or dead languages or group of languages , created following subjective impressions like ‘ beauty ’ or ‘ aggressiveness ’ of its sounds or grammatical features : Klingon , Quenya , etc .
Invented languages – not based on any known native or hypothetical language , but still human - oriented : philosophical or mathematical languages , Lojban , etc .
Invented languages – not human - oriented .
Some additional comments on the language classes :
A ) There is no single “ completely artificial ” or “ completely natural ” language .
Even “ level 1 ” languages , which develop new terms and syntax mostly from their continuated use ( and not from outside ) , have a need for “ artificial ” or “ imported ” terms and sentences : like Spanish “ hardware ” , “ software ” , “ mouse ” , “ te llamo de vuelta ” ( a literal translation of Eng. I call you back ) , or invented terms like “ telefonear ” , “ televisión ” , “ ordenador / computador ” , etc .
Even within terms of Latin origin , innovation is often artificially generalized as the standard : as in Spanish “ murciélago ” , which was in Old Spanish “ murciego ” ( from Lat. mus-caecus , lit .
“ blind mouse ” , “ bat ” ) , extended to “ murciégalo ” , then metathesized to “ murciélago ” ; now , the Royal Spanish Academy Dictionary ( which ‘ rules over ’ the Spanish ‘ normative ’ or formal language ) states that the innovative murciélago is the formal or correct word ; usually parents correct children who say “ murciégalo ” , and the common use of that word is today generally considered a sign of vulgar speech .
That is an example of what language regulation artificially adds to seemingly natural languages , just like Classical Latin or Classical Greek norms did impose artificial ( or innovative ) terms over traditional ( i.e. native or more natural ) ones .
In fact , language regulation in international languages like English , Spanish or Portuguese makes the formal language still more artificial to its speakers , and innovative trends looking for a more natural language emerge : hence the Brasilian push for its own writing rules ( and minority calls for being recognized as a different Galician - Portuguese language , like Galician ) , or US English , Argentinian and Mexican Spanish dialectal proud , expressed in writing and pronunciation , adopting their own standards of formal speech different from the historical one .
And even level 20 languages are ultimately based on human perception , so they are necessarily based on nature , and thus never fully artificial , however artificial they might look like …
B ) About the Classification :
Dead languages are considered “ less natural ” than ‘ living ’ ones because their testimony is not direct .
We know of them ( mostly ) because of writings , so they cannot be “ imitated ” when spoken as naturally as when directly heard and learned ( and pronunciation and style corrected ) by native speakers .
Categories 9 and 10 might be interchangeable , depending on who you ask .
For me , it ’s obvious that a well - reconstructed language is far ‘ better ’ in the actual shape and knowledge we have from them than dead languages with some inscriptions nobody is able to read and interpret correctly ; in that sense , Proto - Germanic is “ more natural ” than Etruscan , for example …
Also , “ corrected ” languages could be classified exactly after their “ non-corrected ” counterparts ; thus , level 6 for Latino sine flexione – Classical Latin without declensions – or level 10 - 12 por Sambahsa - Mundialect – as a European or Common PIE with a simplified inflection system .
I do n’t think that could be considered the most rational ( general ) classification , though , as a “ corrected language ” should be deemed less natural than any other native language , and just before invented ones – because there are a thousand possible “ corrections ” , and it ’s impossible to say which ones are “ few enough ” for a language be considered “ still natural ” : for me , an arbitrarily and individually “ corrected ” language is after a hypothetical one ( reconstructed through linguistic studies ) , and just before a partially invented one , and a partially invented one before a fully invented one .
Indeed , if there were a thousand particular classes instead of only 20 general ones , some corrected languages could and should be considered more natural than others .
C ) It ’s important to note that , as when we talk about Greek we have to distinguish between Proto - Greek , Mycenaean , Archaic Greek , Classical Greek , Koine Greek , etc. , when we ( at Dnghu ) talk about Proto - Indo - European , we refer to the non-laryngeal , Northwestern or European Proto - Indo - European ( ca. 2500 - 2000 BCE ) .
The Indo - European language time span known to us is as follows :
So , when we talk about “ reviving PIE for Europe ” , we are talking about reviving European ( or Northwestern ) Proto - Indo - European , which is easier to reconstruct in its vocabulary and syntax details than the general , common Late PIE .
Both are obviously well - reconstructed and quite similar ( as Old Italian is quite similar to Latin ) , but there is often no need to determine the exact phonetic value of this or that general PIE word : we only need its European value , which is logically more straightforward .
Thus , in PIE * pHter , it is European ( and therefore Modern Indo - European ) pater because that ’s how laryngeal * H evolved in the Northern dialect , no matter how that laryngeal actually sounded like in the common Proto - Indo - European that was spoken in the steppe ( or in Renfrew ’s Anatolia ) a thousand years earlier , to give an Indo - Iranian pitar …
D ) Ancient Hebrew probably enters into category 6 ( for some maybe 5 ) , and now Modern Hebrew or Israeli fits into category 2 for most people – because there is no continuated language history , and there is ( or was ) a clear need to borrow “ foreign ” vocabulary and expressions .
That ’s similar to what could happen with the European PIE we want to revive , which is in level 9 ( or 10 ) , but could be in level 1 if revived – because there is no need for “ foreign ” vocabulary or expressions to be adapted into PIE , as there are enough Indo - European words and expressions , not only because of the PIE reconstruction , but because of the continuated history of Europe ’s Indo - European languages , that allow its modern terms to be ‘ translated back ’ into PIE …
Of course , it could be considered always as a level 2 language , as there will be a need to adapt terms to PIE : like Greek oikonomia to IE woikonomia , etc. BUT , the same need did exist in every Indo - European language , so it ’s difficult to classify it ( if revived ) as 2 .
Indeed , as Mithridates puts it , both Israeli and MIE could always be considered level 6 and level 9 languages respectively forever , even if they became spoken , but – exactly as it could happen with Esperanto or Ido – once a language is naturally spoken and naturally transmitted from older generations to newer ones – once there is a real generation of native speakers able to twist and shape it , and make it evolve – I think it becomes a more natural one and changes from category ; even if we know that its original category was a different one .
NOTE : So , for example , in the history of Italic languages : Proto - Italic ( category 12 - 13 ) , then Old Latin , probably within category 7 - 8 , which became Classical Latin ( in category 1 in year 1 AD ) nowadays in category 4 , and then Romance languages ( earlier category 2 or 3 , while Classical Latin was still the lingua franca ) , most of them now within modern categories 1 - 3 .
About the benefits or social need to choose languages from the upper level , more than the lower level ones , if they are available and it ’s possible to use them ( like European PIE over Esperanto ) , it is another question I have dealt ( and will deal ) with in other posts , and which is indeed a matter of personal opinion , like colours .
But , to sum it up , it ’s not that I or others might prefer it from a rational point of view ; the real question is that people – because of their cultural and anthropological backgrounds , not fully known to us – are apparently prepared to accept language revivals – hopefully then proto - language revivals too , in light of Cornish language revival ( from category 8 ) – for cultural , social or political purposes , while there has been no real success stories in invented languages , but for some limited groups of enthusiasts who try to continuously overestimate number of speakers , prestige , use , etc .
So , if the objective is to speak a common language in the European Union ( and not “ to unite the world ” or “ to speak the easiest language possible ” or “ to communicate with a lingua franca “ , etc. ) , just like there was a clear objective of speaking a common , unifying language in Israel , maybe the correct answer is to select the most rational common language among those available for us Europeans .
We can keep speaking English , or a combination of English - French - German , or any combination of any three EU official languages ; but , for me , it ’s a common European PIE we can speak as OUR language anywhere in Europe , not just a lingua franca or a combination of them , the best option to be a really united people of Europe .
Ten Reasons
Why “ Temple of Doom ” is Better Than You Remember .
( Now with 91 % more chilled monkey brains ! )
Alright , let ’s do this .
“ Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom ” is , in my opinion , the second best member of the Indiana Jones saga .
Before we get right into this , let me state the simple fact that “ Raiders of the Lost Ark ” might well be the Greatest Movie of All Time , so just understand that the aim of this article is not to dethrone “ Raiders ” from that lofty placement .
It ’s just here to suggest that maybe we have n’t really been fair to “ Temple ” for all these years .
Okay .
So , obviously “ Temple ” had some pretty big shoes to fill – and , for the most part , did not seem to fill those shoes .
At all .
The movie was originally viewed as a disappointing and confusing mess .
It was darker , scarier and more violent than “ Raiders , ” and seemed designed more to shock than to entertain – not exactly what Indiana Jones is supposedly all about .
Even now , after the release of two more sequels – “ The Last Crusade ” and “ The Fourth One That Shall Remain Nameless ” – it is still considered by critics and fans the worst of the bunch .
( Just for giggles , try to figure out which one is my least favorite !
I ’m sure you ’ll be pleasantly surprised ) .
Anyways , “ Temple of Doom ” is certainly not without its flaws .
Chief among those flaws being Kate Capshaw ’s continuously screaming and annoying female lead , Willie Scott .
Other than that , though , I do n’t think it ’s as bad as people make it out to be – and compared to “ The Fourth Movie That Shall Remain Nameless ” ( minus that poster image , I guess ) and even “ Last Crusade , ” it actually holds up surprisingly well .
And here ’s where I tell you why .
Ten .
The wonderfully slapsticky musical opening and other acts of seemingly inexplicable comedy .
Harrison Ford has been stated as saying that he sees the Indiana Jones movies as more “ comedy ” than “ action ” films .
While some may view this as a somewhat ludicrous statement , or dismiss it as the confused ramblings of demented senior citizen , I can totally see where he ’s going there .
The character of Indiana Jones is a reasonably comical one to begin with .
Not in the Chandler Bing - esque “ could I BE any more hilarious ? ” joke making type of way , but in a more physical comedy / slapstick oriented kind of way .
Also , Indiana Jones possesses one of the best “ ohhhhhhhhhhh shit ” faces this side of John McClane .
“ Temple of Doom ” ups the comedic ante with a series of scenes – and genuinely funny ones at that – that utilize sight gags , physical humor , and general Busby and Berkely inspired musical mayhem to put Indy in situations that while completely ridiculous , help to add some levity to the otherwise dire and terrifying situation .
The opening sequence in particular , with Indy ’s love - interest - of - the - week Willie Scott belting out a toe - tapping version of “ Anything Goes ” while Indiana frantically scours the dance floor for a diamond , and an antidote for some poison he inadvertently just drank , all the while avoiding the Chinese henchmen who are also searching for said items , is delightfully over - the - top and borders on Marx Brothers territory .
Then Indy starts punching people and dying from poison while dodging machine gun fire , and we ’re back on track .
Nine . Indy-a .
India is a beautiful , mysterious country .
I ’ve never been , of course , but the pictures look rather nice .
It ’s also home to some very unique types of flora and fauna , both of which feature extensively in the movie to give it that old - fashioned travelogue feel – but not to travelogue -y .
Unlike the other Jones ’ adventures , “ Temple ” takes place mainly in one location with very little sight - seeing and country hopping that became Indiana Jones staples ( also , James Bond ) .
Now , of course the movie was n’t actually shot in India ( mainly due to the racially insensitive undertones that ran rampant throughout the script ) , but you get the idea .
Eight .
Dan Aykroyd .
I ’m honestly not sure why he ’s in this .
It ’s a weird , pointless cameo , and most people ( myself included ) probably did n’t notice or recognize him in the first place .
The only connection ( and reasoning ) I could possibly make for this , is that Aykroyd starred in Spielberg ’s one true misfire “ 1941 , ” and this was Steve ’s pathetic attempt to apologize for that .
But whatever – it ’s Dan Aykroyd .
And Dan Aykroyd is awesome .
“ Ah , Dr. Jones .
I ’m Earl Webber .
I spoke with your assistant and managed to secure three seats .
However , there might be a * slight * inconvenience as you will be riding on a cargo plane full of live poultry . ”
Say that line ( in your head – out loud might make you seem a bit crazy ) with the usual Aykroyd flair and rapid fire delivery , and you get the idea .
Seven .
The dinner scene .
Sure , it ’s needlessly creepy and gross and more than a little racist – but it ’s awesome nonetheless .
It also shows how dedicated and worldy Jones is , and how insensitive and useless everyone else is .
Indiana just digs into that shit , heedless of how disgusting or horrifying it might be to eat giant beetles or baby snakes or chilled monkey brains .
It ’s mainly just a series of increasingly more bizarre and / or gruesome sight gags that really serve no purpose to the film ’s plot whatsoever , other than to give the characters some hilarious activity to go along with their expository dialogue .
Actually , the more I think about it , this does n’t sound like a good thing at all , does it ?
Seven .
That Asian kid from “ The Goonies . ”
Speaking of “ more than a little racist , ” say hello to Short Round , Indiana ’s sidekick du jour played by the adorable ( and adorably Asian ) Johnathan Ke Quan .
Now , normally I hate it when filmmakers try to shoehorn some stupid kid into a film or film series that does n’t require one .
They usually end up ruining a decent movie , or at the very least making a shitty movie that much more unbearable ( “ Superman Returns ” springs to mind ) .
So , considering that fact , coupled with the racist undertones depicted by the character , as well as the straight forward “ wft- ness ” of Indiana Jones employing a nine - year old as his getaway driver , all adds up to what most people would consider A Very Bad Idea .
Incredibly though , it works .
( Or at least works as well as it possibly could ) .
Keep in mind , though , that ANYONE looks good sharing a movie with Kate Capshaw ’s screaming Willie ( sidenote : Screaming Willie would make an excellent name for a punk band ) .
But I think Short Round works on his own merit , as a unique foil to Indiana Jones ( the point of the film where he saves Indy by telling him he loves him not withstanding ) and besides – “ The Goonies ” rocked .
This kid gets a free pass no matter how inappropriate his racist dialogue is .
( Minus the line about stepping on fortune cookies .
That one ’s a little hard to ignore ) .
Five .
It ’s genuinely creepy .
Like , seriously .
REALLY creepy .
This movie , straight up , scared the shit out of me as a kid .
And , to some extent , still does .
The scene where Indiana and Short Round are trapped in some catacombs literally crawling with every type of insect known to man ( whether or not these bugs were indigenous to India or not did n’t matter ) still gives me the Kate Capshaws to this day .
Not only was this movie creepy , but completely unprecedented in its creepiness .
It reveled in this shit – and created a brand spanking new MPAA rating for its troubles .
Before “ Temple of Doom ” was released ( and to a lesser extend “ Gremlins ” ) the rating system skipped from the family friendly PG directly to the considerably less friendly R rating .
Since “ Temple ” combined brutal violence , bugs galore and eating monkey brains with a cute Asian kid wearing a New York Yankees hat , it became stuck in a sort of ratings limbo , splitting it ’s audience down the middle .
Sure , it ’s not exactly kid friendly , but it ’s still Indiana freaking Jones , so it was n’t exactly adults only territory either .
In a brash and inspired attempt to save his movie ( and reap the profits he knew he was entitled to ) Spielberg came up with the PG - 13 idea ( it probably came to him in a dream , but who can say ? ) .
Using a brand new rating to bridge the gap between “ family entertainment ” and “ do n’t bring your fucking kids ” allowed “ Temple ” to find just the right audience for it – and allowed future films to push the limit of what was acceptable for family movies .
So , kudos to that , I guess .
Allowing other directors to push the limits of the PG rating into a whole new territory has allowed for some truly memorable films .
Like “ Red Dawn ” which was the first movie released under the new rating – and that movie CHANGED MY LIFE .
Four .
Mola Ram .
Speaking of creepy … what ’s the deal with this guy ?
Everyone knows that an action movie is only as good as it ’s villain , and “ Temple of Doom ” had a doozy of a Big Bad .
As the head of the villainous Thuggee Cult , Amrish Puri ’s Mola Ram was not a dude you wanted to mess with .
From his frightening appearance ( giant skull - laden headdress and all ) to his bizarre behavior that equally combined Hindu , Hawaiian and Aztec customs and sacrifices , Mola Ram was truly a fearsome foe for our intrepid archaeologist .
Let ’s face it : religious fanatics always make terrifying villains , and if that religion happens to include fiery sacrifices , and pulling out people ’s hearts with your bare hands .
well that ’s good too .
Three .
Breaking the formula .
Okay , so it does n’t exactly go overboard in breaking the Indiana Jones mold .
The formula initially established in “ Raiders of the Lost Ark ” was pretty simple – wacky opening that is only arbitrarily connected to the rest of the movie , followed by Indy getting asked by some high - ranking government folks to go after some mythical artifact that some other , evil government officials ( usually Nazis ) are also pursuing , ensuing in ridiculous set pieces and cross continent travel , until the main villain is horrifically and gruesomely dispatched by the very artifact he / she was trying to covet .
Not a bad formula .
Worked one and a half times , so I guess it has a fifty percent success rate .
Luckily , the first sequel to “ Raiders ” seems to be the only sequel not in that percentile , and that works for it .
I think the main reason “ Temple ” is my second favorite Indiana Jones adventure , is because it ’s the least like an Indiana Jones adventure .
Let me explain .
“ The Last Crusade ” and “ The Fourth Film That Shall Remain Nameless ” both pretty much adhere to the “ Raiders ” formula verbatim .
While tropes from the other films pop up here and there in “ Temple , ” it ’s clearly the most distant from “ Raiders . ”
( Which , come to think of it , could be one of the many reasons so many people were turned off by this movie ) .
I ’m not saying I want the filmmakers to turn the Jones formula upside down every time they make a new movie .
I ’m just saying that when they do deter from it a bit , you get a much more original and interesting experience .
Which , apparently , is exactly what the public does n’t want .
Two .
Harrison Ford .
It does n’t matter if he ’s creating one of cinemas most iconic figures in the first Indiana Jones film , or if he ’s shuffling around half asleep in the fourth Indiana Jones film ( that shall remain nameless ) – Harrison Ford is , was , and will always be , AWESOME .
I think that settles the matter .
One .
That awesome mine cart chase .
C’mon .
Of COURSE it ’s gotta be number one , right ?
I mean , it ’s only the second most memorable and iconic set piece from the trilogy !
( The giant boulder being number one , of course ) .
Honestly , when you think “ Indiana Jones , ” what pops into mind ?
Harrison Ford , giant boulder , the Raiders March , MINE CARTS and maybe that giant guy who shows up in every movie and gets the shit kicked out of him by Ford .
THAT ’S it .
So it goes without saying that this would be the number one reason why “ Temple ” is better than you remember .
I mean , even foregoing the iconic imagery of Indiana Jones piloting a runaway mine cart down an increasingly more treacherous track that snakes throughout the Thuggee mountain , and for some reason , lava .
And , to its credit , it still holds up to this day – not an easy task for a movie made over thirty years ago .
It ’s definitely Spielberg at the top of his game , crafting genuinely thrilling action sequences that , at least in the Indiana Jones mythos , seemed somewhat reasonable .
Then he had Indy get blown up by an atomic bomb while hiding in a refrigerator , and Shia LeBeouf swinging through the jungle with fucking monkeys , and we were less impressed .
The Wrap - Up
There you have it .
Unmitigated proof that “ Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom ” is not quite as bad as folks seem to enjoy making it out to be .
In fact , it ’s actually quite good – minus a few uncomfortable racial stereotypes and the aforementioned Ms. Capshaw ( or Mrs. Spielberg if you prefer ) .
Flawed ?
Sure .
But the point is , “ Temple of Doom ” was more than just a decent addition to the series – it was also probably the best after “ Raiders , ” which , let ’s face it , set the bar pretty damn high .
Check it out again when you ’re feeling hungry for monkey brains and bad guys who rip out still beating human hearts , and I think you ’ll find that at the very least , it could have been a lot worse .
“ Fourth Movie That Shall Remain Nameless ” worse , even .
And that ’s a low mark for any series .
It was bad news for the voting public when Election Systems and Software , the nation ’s largest voting machine company , announced last fall that it was acquiring the elections division of Diebold , the nation ’s second - largest voting machine company .
The combination could mean that nearly 70 percent of the nation ’s precincts would use machines made by a single company .
If the deal is allowed to go through , it would make it harder for jurisdictions to bargain effectively on price and quality .
The Justice Department should reject it as a violation of antitrust rules that is clearly not in the public ’s interest .
The 2000 presidential election debacle in Florida , with its hanging chads and uncounted votes , highlighted the deep flaws in voting machine technology  and in the industry .
That was in no small part because of a lack of robust competition .
If the Diebold acquisition goes forward , competition would all but disappear .
Numerous studies have shown that electronic voting machines are particularly vulnerable to software glitches , intentional vote theft or sabotage .
Having such a large percentage of the nation ’s votes counted on machines made and serviced by a single company increases the vulnerability of the system .
Do you enjoy a story filled with stupid people ?
Then you are going to love this one !
A Texas stamp collector checked his luggage containing rare stamps – and a regular luggage thief swiped the bag and tried to sell the stamps at local pawn shops .
The thief , Antoine Shaw , is a regular at Midway airport , and he has been charged with luggage theft before .
Of course , since airport security is too busy searching people for water bottles and nail clippers , nobody noticed this repeat thief swipe more bags .
Antoine hit the jackpot when grabbed a bag on November 18th – it contained $ 200,000 in rare stamps .
Pawn shops gladly purchased the stamps from him on two visits , but on his third trip , pawn shop staff got suspicious and called the cops .
Shaw was arrested , and according to the police report , “ only some ” of the stamps were recovered .
It does n’t matter how often you remind people not to check valuables in your luggage – every year someone ignores the advice .
Of course , in most cases it involves a missing laptop or camera .
%Gallery - 76818 %
ラインで好きな人にブロックされたら世界の終わりの様にショックを受けてしまう人がいます。
でも、ちょっと冷静に考えてみて！
もしかしたらラインの操作ミスかもしれないし、感情が昂ってついブロックしてしまっただけかも。
とにかく、あなたまで感情的になったら、それこそ本当に終わり。
まずは冷静になって、色々な可能性と解決策を考えてみましょう！
むり！冷静になんてなれない！なんてあなたは取りあえずこちらで相談が良いかも！
悩むぅ …( ´Д｀ )
そんな時 ⇒Click
ラインブロックされたら終わり
初めにお話しした通り、まずは落ち着く事。
とりあえず落ち着いて他の手段で軽めのメッセージを送ってみては？
例えば、インスタでも良いのでは？
ただし、重いメッセージは厳禁！
彼が一時的な感情でブロックしてしまっていた場合には、事態が悪化しちゃいますから・・・
彼の気持ちなんてわかんない！
彼の気持ちに刺さるメッセージって？
とにかく嫌われたのか心配でしょうがない！ 彼の気持ちなんてわかんない！彼の気持ちに刺さるメッセージって？とにかく嫌われたのか心配でしょうがない！
そんなあなたはメッセージを送る前にこちらで確認が良いかも・・・
悩むぅ …( ´Д｀ )
そんな時 ⇒Click
lineブロック 解除期 間
とりあえず、彼が怒った勢いでブロックしたとしても、いつ解除されるのか不安だよね？
一番良いのは、しばらく期間を開けてから、共通の友人に彼の気持ちを探ってもらう事。
でも、その友人が変聞き方をしちゃったり、女の子だった場合には悩みに相談に乗っている内に恋愛感情が芽生えちゃったりなんてこともあるかも・・・
うーん、考えれば考えるほど心配だよね・・・
悩むぅ …( ´Д｀ )
そんな時 ⇒Click
振られた側 ブロッ ク
しばらく待って彼の様子を伺ってみた。
どーも解除される気配がない。
でも、リサーチの結果、彼にはまだあなたに気がありそう・・・
そんな時には、思い切ってあなたが彼をブロックしてっみるって言う手もあり。
男には、逃げる獲物を追いかける習性があるから、「あれ？本当に終わっちゃう？」って不安になって戻ってくる可能性もあるんです！
そんなに上手くいくのかなー？
そんな事して本当に大丈夫？
彼をブロックするなんて無理！ そんなに上手くいくのかなー？そんな事して本当に大丈夫？彼をブロックするなんて無理！
そんな、あなたは彼の気持ちを確かめた方が良いかも・・・
こちらのページで経験豊かなアドバイスを確かめてみて。
悩むぅ …( ´Д｀ )
そんな時 ⇒Click
彼氏 寂しい 疲れ た
あまりの彼の態度に寂しさを通り過ぎて疲れちゃうことってあるよね。
「 もう終わりにしてもいいかな」そんな気持ちになっても、後々後悔しないか不安になって踏ん切りがつかないのも当たり前。
アドバイスを聞いて冷静に考えてみては？
悩むぅ …( ´Д｀ )
そんな時 ⇒Click
彼氏 寂しい 泣く
もうとにかく泣けてくる。
悲しんだか、悔しいんだか、寂しいんだか分からない！
泣けるだけ泣いて自分を見つめてみる。
涙を流す事でストレス発散になるから、涙は無駄じゃない。
その後でゆっくり考えれば良いよね。
悩むぅ …( ´Д｀ )
そんな時 ⇒Click
好きな人 喧嘩 line
lineで喧嘩した 。
喧嘩した後のはじめてのline 。
顔が見えないから、誤解を与えたくないから、悩むのが当たり前。
どんな内容で送ったら良いのか分からない
彼の本心がわからな い
自分の本当ん気持ちもわからない どんな内容で送ったら良いのか分からない彼の本心がわからない自分の本当ん気持ちもわからない
そんな状態じゃ、上手くいかないのは当たり前。
まずは、じっくり向き合ってみて。
悩むぅ …( ´Д｀ )
そんな時 ⇒Click
The only man convicted of involvement in a 1998 car bomb attack in Omagh , Northern Ireland , was acquitted Wednesday after a retrial , angering survivors of Northern Ireland ’s deadliest blast .
The three judges of Ireland ’s anti-terrorist Special Criminal Court ruled that the police had failed to collect sufficient evidence against the man , Colm Murphy , 57 , and had fatally undermined their case by illegally rewriting their records of what they said were Mr. Murphy ’s admissions under interrogation .
Twenty - nine people , mostly women and children , died and 200 were wounded in the attack by the Real I.R.A. , an outlawed breakaway group opposed to the peace agreement that had been negotiated just months before .
( AP )
Physically expressing the love that you feel for your Android - powered device can be difficult -- hugging and caressing the phone gets old after a while , truth be told .
Good news , though : artist Andrew Bell has teamed up with Google to release a series of authorized Android robot figurines , starting with an initial run of 12 designs in blind boxes ( collect 'em all ! ) .
The statuettes of the cute little guy stand 3 inches tall , feature articulating heads and arms , and will be available starting the 10th of this month -- just in time for that Devour , with any luck .
Bear in mind that the advanced biofuel mandate for 2010 was 100 million gallons .
The report admits that the shortfall will almost certainly exceed 90 % ( as I have been saying it would for at least a couple of years ) , and the report coincided with an announcement that the former 100 million gallon ( cellulosic ) mandate for 2010 is being reduced to 6.5 million gallons .
Turns out that the government is learning that you ca n’t mandate technology after all .
As I read through this report , I could n’t help but think that it appeared to have been written by an optimistic cheerleader rather than by someone conducting a sober assessment of the situation .
It contains very little of " Here is why we have fallen more than 90 % short of our advanced biofuel targets . "
Instead , the report is completely full of Rah !
Rah !
Rah !
Where the report does get into specifics , it makes excuses , suggesting that the technologies themselves are n't the problem , lack of funding is .
To that I say that I can make all sorts of things work " commercially " if I am willing to throw enough money at them .
But they will only continue to remain " commercial " so long as I am supplementing them with outside funding .
This report would seem to have been written by people who believe that technological progress is inevitable .
All barriers can be broken down by throwing enough money at them .
While I am a technology buff , I have a different view on technology .
Generally , technological successes are built upon a great many resolved technical problems .
Yet it may require only a single unresolved problem to lead to technological stagnation , or failure .
For example , consider the scale - up of a process from the laboratory .
I have run laboratory reactors and distillation columns - and scaled those up - so I am familiar with some of the things that can go wrong .
The scale of a laboratory process may be on the order of a few pounds a day .
At that scale , things behave differently for a number of reasons .
When scaling up a lab process to something like demonstration scale – say a factor of 100 times greater than the lab process – many things can go wrong .
In fact , I think it is safe to say that most good ideas die in the lab when practical realities intrude upon theoretical considerations .
One of the most important aspects to manage is the heat inputs and outputs .
In the laboratory , the size of the equipment is such that the heat losses from surface areas is a much greater percentage of the total than when the equipment is scaled up .
What does this mean ?
It can mean that it is difficult to replicate the temperatures achieved in the lab .
It can mean that the temperatures at scale are much hotter than desired , or it can mean that there are undesirable temperature variations within the process .
In my experience , this is a frequent cause of failure when scaling up from the lab .
Each successive scale - up filters out more seemingly good ideas , and in a world in which commercial success hinges on actually being able to earn money from a project , this filter works well .
In a world in which technological failures are met by excuses and then optimistically throwing more money at the problem , then end result will be a massive amount of spending , and later congressional inquiries into why we wasted so much taxpayer money with so little to show for it .
So success for these projects is far from assured .
Even success at one level of scale - up does n't assure success at full commercial scale .
I can rattle off a dozen things that have gone wrong and been apparent only as projects progressed to full commercial scale .
Trace contaminants that can easily be disposed of in the lab can become big headaches at scale .
Corrosion is often a killer once some of these projects begin to operate at bigger volumes .
But for the technological cornucopians , these are not real problems :
They just require more money and they will be solved .
But then why do cancer and heart disease still kill so many people each year ?
Why does my laptop battery only lasts a few hours instead of a week ?
Why do n't we commercially fly people from London to New York in an hour ?
The reason is that not all problems are solved by throwing more money at them , because the laws of science sometimes get in the way .
Further , solutions are generally advanced an incremental step at a time – not exponentially as our cellulosic ethanol mandates were designed to be .
As I have pointed out , cellulosic ethanol technology is more than 100 years old .
You heard it here , and you can hold me to it :
There will be no breakthrough that suddenly makes it cost - competitive to produce .
On the other hand , press releases that announce big breakthroughs for small incremental steps ?
No end to those I am afraid , nor any retraction when they can't replicate results outside the lab .
The impression this leaves is a steady upward march in the commercialization of cellulosic ethanol - and no setbacks that were n't simply related to lack of funding .
Cellulosic ethanol will never be produced in large volumes for less money than corn ethanol can be produced for - and keep in mind that we are still subsidizing that after 30 years .
What may happen is that it eventually can be mildly successful in certain very specific instances .
But to think that a billion tons of U.S. biomass will contribute a major portion of the U.S. fuel supply via cellulosic ethanol ?
Hogwash from many people who have never scaled up anything .
The reasons are not from lack of funding , they are fundamental based on physics , chemistry , and the nature of biomass .
Technological breakthroughs wo n’t get around the laws of physics .
Had I written the report , you can bet that I would have written it differently .
It would have been a sober technical assessment , and would have included a root cause analysis of why there was a 93.5 % shortfall in the mandated supply of this miracle fuel that is going to end petroleum dependence forever .
I would not have recommended to cease all funding - cellulosic ethanol is in my opinion worthy of further research , and can be a niche solution in specific circumstances – but there would have been a recommendation for the government to get out of the business of choosing technology winners .
There would also have been a lot of planning for scenarios in which things did n't pan out as expected .
I like to have a Plan B that was n't cobbled together only after Plan A fell apart .
Q . What other things did you do at Zappos to sort of reinforce and build the culture ?
A. Probably the most important thing I did was try to encourage employees to come up with their own ideas for building the culture .
The actual ideas that I ’ve personally come up with are few and far between .
Q. But what were those ?
A . For example , for our offices in Las Vegas , it ’s a big building .
We ’ve probably got 700 employees in Vegas .
The previous tenants had multiple doors where you can exit , and the parking lot is in the back .
We made the decision to actually lock all the doors so everyone has to go through the front - entrance reception area , even though that means you might have to walk all the way around the building .
The reason for that is to create this kind of central hub that everyone has to pass through to help build community and culture .
And the free lunch we provide for employees is really meant less as a benefit in terms of a free lunch , and more to get employees to interact with each other .
But most of the stuff that happens in our office is really about some employee coming up with an idea and , whether it ’s me or other managers , saying , “ If you ’re passionate about it , just run with it . ”
At some point , it kind of just snowballs , because once employees see other employees just doing stuff , then that lets them feel like they have more permission to run with their ideas .
Q. Any other examples ?
A . One of our teams — the outdoor team in our merchandising department — decided to decorate one of the conference rooms , and transform it so that when you ’re inside , you feel like you ’re in a log cabin .
They spent the weekend tearing up the floors and putting in a fake fire and all this stuff .
It was pretty cool .
But then , the week after , the team sitting next to them said , we can outdo them .
The next thing we knew , within two or three months , all 20 or so conference rooms were all decorated by different teams .
Q. What else is unusual about Zappos ?
A . We have a culture book .
We put it together once a year and we ask all our employees to write a few paragraphs about what the Zappos culture means to them and , except for typos , it ’s unedited , so you get to read the good and bad .
It ’s kind of like customer reviews you might read on Web sites , but these are essentially employee reviews of the company and our culture .
We make it freely available to visitors and anybody who asks for a copy .
Demands : Simon Cowell has asked ITV for more money to stage the X Factor before agreeing to return to the channel
Simon Cowell plunged the future of The X Factor into crisis last night after revealing he had yet to sign a deal with ITV to bring the show back next year .
The music mogul has demanded increased investment from the broadcaster of up to £ 500,000 an episode .
The hit show has enjoyed record viewing figures in excess of 14 million .
This weekend ’s final is expected to attract 20 million , featuring performances from Robbie Williams , Michael Buble and George Michael .
The 2009 X Factor has been the most lavish series yet with the live shows costing between £ 1.5 - 1.7 million to screen every week .
But Cowell , 50 , is understood to want ITV to push the budget up to as much as £ 2 million an episode next year .
His own £ 20 million three year deal expires at the end of this month .
Speaking yesterday , the multi-millionaire - whose personal fortune stands at £ 130 million - said : ‘ The way things stand next year we have no deal in place for The X Factor .
‘ Part of the reason the show has been so successful and I credit ITV for this , is they invest money in the programme to make it better .
‘ When we do a negotiation with the network it is not about salaries for the people on it .
The issue is how much money are you going to invest over a period of time .
‘ There are a lot of other things like what show are you going to be following , what time of night , all those sorts of things .
‘ Until we resolve that , it is difficult to say [ if it will return ] .
We have to make sure if we do bring it back , it is better than this year . ’
Cowell is now expected meet with producers and ITV to finalise terms of his own deal and the future of his top -rated shows on the network in the new year .
Lavish : Production of The X - Factor costs £ 1.7 million to put on each weekend
He added : ‘ We will make the decision when we have had a break from the show .
It is a long show .
We will take a break , then we will sit down and talk about what we want to do [ in the New Year ] . ’
The move puts the ailing broadcaster in a difficult position as it will not want to lose one of its most popular stars and its best performing series - but it may struggle to find the extra funding .
The broadcaster has slashed more than a third of its 5,500 workforce to cut costs because of financial constraint and the budget for shows has been cut by £ 135 million for the next two years .
Cowell ’s decision to publicly raise his concerns will pile pressure on the broadcaster to find a solution to ensure it returns
The X Factor next year but it is expected the two sides will secure a deal .
He is currently negotiating a pay rise for appearing on American Idol from £ 22 million a series to around £ 30 million , but he is also in talks to secure a larger fee – perhaps as much as £ 35 - 40 million by taking The X Factor there .
Cowell , joined by his fellow judges , Cheryl Cole , Louis Walsh and Dannii Minogues , also criticised rival talent show , the BBC's Strictly Come Dancing claiming ‘ no one was watching it ’ and asking “ who has won it ? ” – even though it has not finished yet .
The BBC1 show , which has its semi-finals this weekend , pulls in audiences of 8 - 9 million , but has been beaten by The X Factor when the shows have gone head to head .
Cowell also said some of the shows on the public service broadcaster were ‘ indulgent ’ and ‘ boring ’ .
Meanwhile Cowell branded an internet campaign to try and stop the X Factor winner scoring the Christmas number one as ' stupid ' .
The X Factor creator and judge said the Facebook campaign , which he saw as a personal vendetta against him , was ' cynical ' and ' dismissive ' of the show 's viewers .
Scroll down to watch a MailOnline video report
Rage Against Reality TV : The Facebook page calling on members to prevent the X Factor winner becoming this year 's Christmas number one
The Facebook group , which currently has 548,000 members , is calling for a mass purchase of Rage Against The Machine 's 1992 single Killing In The Name in an attempt to make it this year 's UK Christmas number one .
The page was set up by two music fans , Tracy and Jon Morter , who said they would ' love to see a Christmas No.1 containing the word " f*** " .'
It asks members to start buying the song as a download from this Sunday , the day the X Factor winner is announced .
But speaking at a press conference today , Simon Cowell said : ' If there 's a campaign , and I think the campaign 's aimed directly at me , it 's stupid .
Me having a number one record at Christmas is not going to change my life particularly . '
The final three : ( L - R ) Olly Murs , Stacey Solomon and Joe McElderry said they are looking forward to this weekend 's grand final Accompanied by his fellow judges , Dannii Minogue , Cheryl Cole and Louis Walsh , and the remaining three finalists , Stacey Solomon , Joe McElderry and Olly Murs , he added : ' It does however change these guys ' lives and we put this opportunity there so that the winner of the X Factor gets the chance of having a big hit record .
' I think it 's quite a cynical campaign geared at me which is actually going to spoil the party for these three .
' I also think it 's incredibly dismissive of the people who watch and enjoy the show ... to treat our audiences as if they 're stupid and I do n't like that . '
The three X Factor 2009 finalists ...
Geordie duo : Cheryl
Cole is keeping her fingers crossed for her act this weekend
Girl power : Stacey Solomon will be giving her all for mentor Dannii Minogue
Here come the boys : Simon Cowell stands proudly next to his act Olly Murs
Speaking ahead of the impending final , Stacey said : ' I feel like this is the best week ever for pressure because we 're in the final three .
First , second , third .
We 're going to get a medal .
I feel like I 've come right to the end ..... and the pressure 's nice .
I feel really relaxed and really happy . '
Joe said : ' I just hyperventilate before I go on and just put all the nerves into the performance . '
And Olly added that he was looking forward to the final , in which one act will be leaving at the end of Saturday night 's show , and the final two will battle it out on Sunday .
He said : ' I 'm just going to go out there and enjoy it , have fun , have a really good night . '
Cowell said apart from the winner , he had not yet made any plans in regard to who he might sign to his record label
But he praised the final three competitors and said : ' What I like about these three singers is they 're the guy and girl who live next door .
They have n't come from ghastly stage school backgrounds , they have n't had an awful lot of experience .
' These three people , who under normal circumstances would find it really hard to get a recording contract , suddenly have got a shot . '
And he also said no decision had been made about the next series , because a deal had yet to be finalised .
Cheryl was asked whether she would return to the show if her act Joe won the competition and how much Cowell would have to pay to keep her .
She said : ' I would actually take a few months to have a good think about it ... he is ( Simon ) on his best behaviour ... nothing to do with money .'
Perredistas exigen una disculpa pública ; Israel Betanzos , coordinador del PRI en el Asamblea Legislativa , deslindó a su bancada de esta opinión
[ email protected ]
“ Los homosexuales tienen la tendencia a violar a los niños y a no cuidarlos ” , aseguró el legislador priísta Cristian Vargas , lo que motivó que diputados del PRD en la Asamblea calificaran como discriminatorias y calumniosas estas declaraciones y exigieran al diputado una disculpa pública .
De lo contrario , comentó el perredista David Razú , reunirán firmas de todos los grupos parlamentarios en la Asamblea para hacerle un exhorto a que respete este sector de la población .
“ Es como decir que todas las personas de baja estatura son ladrones y eso no se vale porque ataca a un sector sin fundamento ” , destacó .
En el caso del PAN , el legislador Fernando Rodríguez Doval , uno de los principales opositores a la reforma de matrimonio entre personas del mismo sexo , consideró que corresponde a Vargas decidir si presentará o no una disculpa .
“ El PAN respeta la dignidad de las personas y en un tema tan complejo como este debe cuidarse lo que se dice porque provoca odios , crispación y no contribuye a un debate de altura ” , destacó .
Aclaró que su partido no comparte este punto de vista , a pesar que están en contra de la adopción de niños en este caso .
Israel Betanzos , coordinador del PRI en el Asamblea Legislativa , deslindó a su bancada de esta opinión .
“ En el PRI hemos sido muy claros , anunciamos que habrá reformas al Código Civil para hacer más difícil que parejas del mismo sexo adopten porque consideramos que dañan a los menores , pero no a ese grado ” .
En entrevista , Cristian Vargas , conocido como dipuhooligan adelantó que el legislador priísta Emiliano Aguilar prepara una iniciativa de ley para impulsar “ candados ” y hacer más difícil el proceso de adopción , lo cual fue criticado por la perredista Maricela Contreras , quien comentó que el año pasado apenas fueron adoptados 189 niños .
“ En vez de opinar así debería impulsar la cultura de la adopción ” .
El argumento principal de Vargas es que conoce muchos casos de personas que han vivido con homosexuales y son violados .
Police officers could find themselves on the wrong end of a citizen ’s arrest if they follow advice issued by Home Secretary , Alan Johnson , after the European Court of Human Rights slapped the UK 's stop and search laws .
According to government lawyers , however , so long as officials are " only obeying orders " , there is little the ordinary citizen can do to resist them .
A bizarre Looking Glass scenario opened up this week as the European Court of Human Rights , sitting in Strasbourg , finally ruled on the case of two protesters stopped and searched at the Defence Systems and Equipment International Exhibition in 2003 under the notorious s44 of the Terrorism Act 2000 .
This law gives police powers to stop any individual within " designated areas " and search them for material related to terrorist actions without having to show " reasonable cause " to justify their actions : it is the basis for much of the current tension between police and photographers .
Although the court ruled that the exercise of this power was unlawful under article 8 of the Human Rights
Act – the Right to respect for private or family life – the Home Office responded instantly with a statement asserting " business as usual " .
The Home Secretary said :
" Stop and search under section 44 of the Terrorism Act 2000 is an important tool in a package of measures in the on - going fight against terrorism .
" I am disappointed with the ECHR ruling in this case as we won on these challenges in the UK courts , including in the House of Lords .
We are considering the judgment and will seek to appeal .
Pending the outcome of this appeal , the police will continue to have these powers available to them . "
The difficulty with this response – which is already being echoed in guidance issued by ACPO and individual police forces – is that the UK Government lost its case in Strasbourg , and were ordered to pay costs to the defendants .
No fine was levied in this instance – but continued government resistance to the Human Rights convention seems bound to bring on heftier penalties .
Furthermore , unless the government changes the way the law is applied , then there is no reason to expect any similar cases not to go the same way .
If the police apply the law in the same way as they did before this ruling , then expect growing numbers of protesters to take the police to court and to extract serious money from them in the form of costs and damages .
However , the potential consequences could be far worse .
According to Robert Brown , a partner with specialist criminal law firm Corker Binning , where an arrest is not lawful , it could well amount to " false detention " – itself both a civil matter and a serious criminal offence .
False detention is , in fact , sufficiently serious an offence that an individual arrested in this way could potentially respond by carrying out a citizen ’s arrest on the arresting officer .
But be warned .
Without cast - iron evidence , the chances of making such a charge stick are slight , and the would - be good citizen is just as likely to find themselves facing a charge of resisting arrest .
El Reg therefore expressed its surprise at the advice given to the Home Office , and were even more surprised by the response .
The Home Office claim that they have already thought through these possibilities .
In a further statement , a spokeswoman for the Home Office told us : " The Office of Security and Counter Terrorism ( OSCT ) has sought Counsel advice as to the status of existing Authorisations and over what message those forces affected should issue to their staff .
Counsel ’s preliminary view is that , " in terms of domestic law , the police should for the time being be protected by Section 6 ( 2 ) b Human Rights Act in acting under Section 44 " .
" This section provides that a public authority which is acting so as to give effect to primary legislation which cannot be read in a way which is compatible with the Convention , does not act unlawfully . "
In plain English : even if a particular law is " unlawful " an official acting in compliance with that law would not themselves be acting unlawfully .
Or , to put it another way , some 60 years after the Nuremberg Trials , the UK government appears to have enshrined in UK law – in the Human Rights
Act , no less – the principle that no matter how illegal a law , so long as officials are merely obeying orders , they cannot be held responsible for their actions . ®
America should withdraw , they said , unilaterally and immediately -- not " conditioned upon agreement or performance by Hanoi or Saigon . "
They went on , " Short of destroying the entire country and its people , we cannot eliminate the enemy force in Vietnam by military means . "
Even further , if every enemy soldier or sympathizer was somehow magically eliminated , the other side would still not make " the kinds of concessions currently demanded " -- a divided Vietnam with the South overseen by a government that the people there thought fundamentally illegitimate .
" ' Military victory ' is no longer the U.S. objective , " despite what the American government told the American people , and that was n't even the worst of the lies :
" The importance to U.S. national interests of the future political complexion of South Vietnam has been greatly exaggerated as has the negative impact of the unilateral U.S. withdrawal " -- whose risks " will not be less after another year or more of American involvement . "
I spend a lot of time on the phone with grassroots progressives from all over the country hoping to overcome nearly insurmountable odds and displace reactionary incumbents .
Ever since my sewer - like experience with duplicitous Blue Dog Chris Carney , I 've learned how to detect when someone is being sincere about their progressiveness or just playing me the way Carney did .
Carney - like characters do n't get more than the briefest of brittle hearings .
So this post is n't about them .
It 's about good Democrats torn between supporting Obama and breaking with him over Afghanistan .
You 've probably seen how difficult it is all through the netroots to find a common approach to this one .
As you probably know , Blue America has opened a page strictly for people who go beyond campaign rhetoric against the war .
The page , No Means No! highlights the 32 Democrats who voted against Obama 's War Supplemental last June .
The only way to get on the list is to vote against the war .
( We made an exception for Mike Quigley because he campaigned against the war in a special election -- to fill Rahm Emanuel 's House seat -- after the supplemental vote was taken and , when he won the seat , he got up on the House floor and made a barn - burning anti-war speech . )
This spring there is likely to be another supplemental vote from the Obama Administration and I expect there will be a lot more than 32 ( or 33 ) Democrats who will vote against it .
Candidates have a lot on their plates and I hate to bother them with more books to read .
Rick Perlstein's Nixonland is close to 900 pretty dense pages , but it really is a must - read for anyone trying to understand the political lessons of the 70s U.S. involvement in Vietnam and how it applies to Afghanistan .
On page 423 Perlstein recounts a letter thereprinted from 6 of the top Vietnam experts from the Rand Corporation , the country 's top defense think tank at the time .
That was less than 40 years ago .
It only seems like yesterday to me .
But it appears as though it just never happened in Obama 's world .
The conventional wisdom is about how awesomely smart and well - educated he is .
Really ?
Then he does n't have the excuse Bush and Cheney did .
And Cambodia , unlike Pakistan , did n't have nuclear weapons -- or 173 million pissed off people .
Labels : Afghanistan , Nixonland , Vietnam
I 'm Leah : mother , musician , writer , feminist , former Mormon , seeker of knowledge , lover of wisdom and truth .
Read more ...
Use international date format ( ISO )
How does one write a date on the Web ?
There are so many formats available , most of them incompatible with others , that it can be a usability nightmare to choose a date representation when writing for an international , cross-cultural audience , as is the case on the web .
Fortunately , there is one solution in the ISO - developed international date format .
The date interpretation quagmire
The worst potential usability problems come when the date is written only with numbers as in the following example , because the date 's interpretation will be different from one country to another .
Imagine the following date : 02/04/03
Which does it mean ?
2nd of April 2003 ( European style )
4th of February 2003 ( USA style )
3rd of April 2002
Your answer will depend , mostly , on which country you live in .
In most cases , writing the date in full letters would be better than the example above .
Apr. 3rd , 2002 , for example will be easy to understand for any English - speaking audience .
But this system does not cross borders much better than its numerical counterparts : does the french 12 Août 2042 actually mean something for a Japanese person ?
Or when you notice a 昭 和44年03 月16 日 in Japanese which is 16 March 1969 in English .
The ISO date format
The international format defined by ISO ( ISO 8601 ) tries to address all these problems by defining a numerical date system as follows : YYYY - MM - DD where
YYYY is the year [ all the digits , i.e. 2012 ]
is the year [ all the digits , i.e. 2012 ] MM is the month [ 01 ( January ) to 12 ( December ) ]
is the month [ 01 ( January ) to 12 ( December ) ]
DD is the day [ 01 to 31 ]
For example , " 3rd of April 2002 " , in this international format is written : 2002 -04-03 .
Note that this format can also be used to represent precise date and time , with timezone information
Using numerical dates does have also some pitfalls with regard to readability and usability , as explained in the Date formats FAQ .
Albeit not perfect , ISO date format is , however , the best choice for a date representation that is universally ( and accurately ) understandable .
Further Reading
About the " QA Tips "
The W3C QA Tips are short documents explaining useful bits of knowledge for Web developers or designers , hosted and produced by the Quality Assurance Interest Group at W3C .
While the tips are carefully reviewed by the participants of the group , they should not be seen as anything else than informative bits of wisdom , and especially , they are not normative W3C technical specifications .
Learn more about the Tips , how to submit your own pearls of wisdom , and find all the other QA tips in the Tips Index .
By Doreen Walton
Science reporter , BBC News
How do alligators breathe ?
Enlarge Image
Alligators and birds share a breathing mechanism which may have helped their ancestors dominate Earth more than 200 million years ago , scientists say .
Research published in the journal Science found that like birds , in alligators air flows in one direction .
Birds ' lung structure allows them to breathe when flying in low oxygen , or hypoxic , conditions .
This breathing may have helped a common ancestor of birds and alligators thrive in the hypoxic period of the Triassic .
Mammals ' hiding '
" It might explain a mystery that has been around for quite some time " , Dr Colleen Farmer from the University of Utah told BBC News .
The mystery in question is why the archosaurs came to dominate Earth after the planet 's worst mass extinction 251 million years ago .
It implies that all dinosaurs ... had bird - like lungs
Dr Colleen Farmer Archosaurs evolved into two different branches which developed into crocodilians , dinosaurs , flying pterosaurs and eventually birds .
Synapsids , which evolved to include mammals , had been dominant in the Permian period before the mass extinction .
Some survived but were toppled from their perch by the archosaurs .
Any mammal - like synapsid survivors " were teeny liittle things hiding in cracks " said Dr Farmer .
" I think it 's because they could n't compete .
" It was n't until the die - off of the large dinosaurs 65 million years ago that mammals made a comeback and started occupying body sizes larger than an opossum . "
To demonstrate alligator lung mechanisms , the scientists measured airflow in anesthetised animals , showing it flows in one direction rather than in and out of chambers .
They also pumped water containing tiny fluorescent beads into the lungs of dead alligators to observe the flow .
Studies on these alligators may explain why some animals ruled the Earth .
Puzzle solved
The researchers believe the similarity in lung structure may explain why some animals were better able to adapt after the extinction , when oxygen levels dropped .
" We know that birds are really good at breathing in hypoxic conditions .
They can fly at altitudes that would kill a mammal , " said Dr Farmer .
" Many archosaurs , such as pterosaurs , apparently were capable of sustaining vigorous exercise .
Lung design may have played a key role in this capacity .
" That 's been a puzzle , why do birds have these very different lungs ?
But now we can date it back to the common ancestor of birds and crocodilians .
" It implies that all dinosaurs , herbivores like Triceratops and carnivores like Tyrannosaurus , had bird - like lungs , " Dr Farmer added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
ARROYO GRANDE , Calif. ( MarketWatch ) --
Wake up investors .
Are you prepared for the economic anarchy coming after a global - debt time bomb explodes ?
Are you thinking outside the box ?
Investing differently ?
Act now -- tomorrow will be too late .
Start by looking past the endless cable skirmishes between Rush , Glenn , Bill and Shawn versus Harry , Nancy , Ben and Barack .
Look way past the insurgency bonding Sarah and her diehard Tea Party revolutionaries with Ron Paul 's Neo-Reaganite ideologues , Fat -Cat Bankers and the Party of No , all planning a massive frontal assault on the 2010 elections , hell - bent on destroying the presidency .
All that 's the sideshow .
The Big One is coming soon , bigger than the 2000 dot - com crash and the 2008 subprime credit meltdown combined .
A huge market blowout .
And as Bloomberg - BusinessWeek predicts : " The results wo n't be pretty for investors or elected officials . "
After the global - debt bomb explodes do n't expect a typical bear correction followed by a new bull .
Wall Street 's toxic pseudo - capitalism is imploding .
Be prepared for a massive meltdown .
Yes , already the third major bubble - bust of the 21st century , triggered once again by Wall Street 's out - of - control Fat Cat Bankers .
And it 's dead ahead .
Can your family survive in the anarchy after the debt bomb explodes ?
America 's already descending into economic anarchy .
We 're all trapped in a historic economic supercycle , a turning point that must bleed through a no - man 's land of lawless self - destructive anarchy before a neo-capitalistic world can re-emerge .
Investors tell me they " feel " it at a deep level , " know " it 's happening .
They keep asking : " What 's the best investment strategy to prepare now ? "
This is no joke , folks .
Are you prepared ?
Or preparing ?
Will your family survive in a post - apocalyptic world , when anarchy is rampant in America ?
Look at Washington , Wall Street and Corporate America today .
You know it 's already begun .
You are witnessing a fundamental breakdown of the American dream , a systemic breakdown of our democracy and our capitalism , a breakdown driven by the blind insatiable greed of Wall Street : Dysfunctional government , insane markets , economy on the brink .
Multiply that many times over and see a world in total disarray .
Ignore it now , tomorrow will be too late .
Not a war about ideology , but an economic game - changer
This is a war to control 299 million American taxpayers .
A war waged by the " Happy Conspiracy " Jack Bogle profiled in his 2004 " Battle for the Soul of Capitalism , " a war machine of Fat Cat Bankers , CEOs , 42,000 mercenary lobbyists and a Congress held hostage to unlimited campaign donations .
Their conspiracy has been waging this war against Americans for decades , long before the Supreme Court exposed their dirty secret .
Yes , your enemy is that " Happy Conspiracy : "
It has degraded into a pseudo - capitalism with no conscience , no sense of the public good , hell - bent on controlling America 's mind , your money and the global markets for its own selfish ends .
And eventually it will trigger the game - changing global - debt bomb , the third global meltdown of the century that finally ignites the Great Depression II , plunging us into an era of anarchy .
Investors keep asking : " If it is coming , how do I invest ?
Buy gold ?
Commodities ?
Hedge ?
Short trading ?
TIPS ?
Hoard cash ?
Buy and hold ?
Lazy Portfolios ? "
What if the Dow sinks below 5,000 ?
Maybe the worst - case scenario recently predicted by Bob Prechter : A deeper plunge to the 1,000 range ?
Imagine a global depression , a bear market dragging on for decades : " How do I protect my family ?
Can I ever retire ?
What do I invest in ?
How can anyone prepare ? "
How America's two classes are preparing for a descent into anarchy
As America descends into anarchy your family 's survival and your ability to retire will depend on which of America 's two economic classes you belong to out of our total of roughly 300 million citizens :
" Average Joe & Jane " Americans :
You 're one of 299 million Main Street Americans .
Average income is $ 50,000 , only 10 % of the average bonuses paid to Wall Street 's Fat - Cat Bankers .
Or you 're already one of America 's 20 % underemployed ... maybe on food stamps ... maybe among the 47 million with no medical insurance ... your retirement assets are about $ 50,000 , a year 's survival .
And you are " mad - as - hell " you 're not working " inside " the " Happy Conspiracy . "
" Happy Conspiracy " Insiders :
You 're one of the lucky million or so elite Insiders in the " Happy Conspiracy . "
You may work for a Fat - Cat Bank that American taxpayers bailed out last year so you pocketed a 2009 bonus gift of somewhere between $ 600,000 and $ 10 million .
Maybe you 're a Corporate American CEO .
Maybe you 're on the Forbes 400 list .
Or you 're a U.S. Senator .
Here 's how these savvy Insiders are preparing :
In his 2008 best - seller , " Wealth , War and Wisdom , " hedge fund manager Barton Biggs , a highly respected Insider in the " Happy Conspiracy , " advised rich insiders to expect the " possibility of a breakdown of the civilized infrastructure . "
His advice : Make tons of money .
Buy an isolated farm in the mountains .
Protect family against the barbarians : " Your safe haven must be self - sufficient and capable of growing some kind of food ...
It should be well - stocked with seed , fertilizer , canned food , wine , medicine , clothes , etc. Think Swiss Family Robinson . "
How Wall Street insiders will treat Main Street in ' The Anarchy '
And when the barbarians do come , firing " a few rounds over the approaching brigands ' heads would probably be a compelling persuader that there are easier farms to pillage . "
Imagine a scene like Port - au - Prince after the quake .
Biggs is no radical anarchist , he's an establishment Insider , a great guy .
We both arrived at Morgan Stanley about the same time .
Biggs remained 30 years , was Morgan 's chief global strategist .
Ten times Institutional Investor magazine put him on Wall Street 's " All - America Research Team . "
True , he did hedge his prediction of the coming anarchy .
His odds : 1 in 10 .
But in an early 2009 Newsweek article , " A Generation of Destruction : Throwing money at the problem and propping up greedy banks is like trying to put out a fire by pouring gasoline on it , " Biggs teased us with a bleak scenario : " Great cycles of wealth creation have usually lasted about two generations , or 60 years .
Inevitably , unequal riches corrupt and create envy , and they are always followed by a generation of enormous wealth destruction . "
Warning :
By vastly understating the risks while his Insiders prepare for the coming anarchy , Biggs is quietly misleading and disarming the rest of America .
The truth is Insiders in the " Happy Conspiracy " elite will follow Biggs ' ultra - simple investment strategy :
Make massive amounts of money fast using short - term strategies , spout lip service about the " public good . "
But always act in your own self - interests first , preparing for when anarchy spreads worldwide in an economic pandemic .
How can America 's 299 million ' second - class citizens ' invest for anarchy ?
So what can the average Joe and Jane , the other 299 million Americans do ?
Warning :
In anarchy , nobody knows .
Period .
The only possible strategy : " Think Swiss Family Robinson . "
Stockpile like a " Happy Conspiracy Insider . "
Many still challenge us about proven strategies like buy and hold , Modern Portfolio Theory , Lazy Portfolios .
Unfortunately , they all need a real democracy driven by honest , transparent capitalism to function effectively .
They can't function in anarchy .
And Wall Street 's already lapsed into a toxic pseudo - capitalism , using it to manipulate Main Street America .
Eventually that mindset will force Main Street Americans to misuse the same dark " Swiss Family Robinson " tactics as the Insiders in order to survive the coming anarchy .
What 's our alternative ?
A new American Revolution
But wait , wait , I hear you asking loudly :
There must be an alternative to this dark descent into anarchy , to the loss of everything that made America the greatest nation in history ?
Yes there is an alternative .
Out of the ashes of anarchy must come a Second American Revolution .
But unfortunately nothing will happen until a great crisis awakens America ... shocks the conscience of the masses ... we are " asleep " ... only a seismic , systemic shock will trigger the necessary revolution .
The future of our economy and indeed our nation demands another political revolution .
We must take back our democracy and capitalism from a government run by Wall Street and its " Happy Conspiracy " ... their toxic self - serving power hold must be broken and , if not , a rising new conspiracy of China , India , oil - sovereignties and asset - rich nations will replace our homegrown " Happy Conspiracy " as it eventually goes down in the flames of anarchy .
Sadly , that 's the future many of us realists see ahead for America .
March 18 , 2010 Share Tweet
I got started in the natural health field way back before supplements even existed .
It was n’t that long ago that we relied upon wheat germ , brewer ’s yeast and calf ’s liver ( tasty , huh ? ) for extra nutrients .
Last weekend , however , I attended the Natural Health Expo West and witnessed the multi-billion dollar industry that supplement - making has became ( with all the razzmatazz that goes along with it ) .
I saw a lot of companies claiming to sell “ whole food supplements ” ( which is what I recommend you take ) … but when you read the labels they still include mostly synthetic ingredients ( in a “ base ” of fruits and vegetables ) .
Sure , it ’s better than a 100 % synthetic brand .
But do n’t be fooled .
The best place to get your minerals and vitamins are from :
1 ) Fresh , whole , organic foods .
2 ) 100 % food - based supplements .
3 ) Angstrom minerals supplements .
Angstrom means the minerals have been broken down to about 0.1 nanometers in length .
Small enough to be absorbed by the cells of the body .
Sadly , the booths at the Expo were too expensive for any of the small angstrom mineral companies that exist today .
I wish we did n’t need supplements at all .
But thanks to the wonders of modern agricultural , we ’ve sacrficed quality for quantity .
To find out which vitamins and minerals I use every day , how much to take and how to make sure you absorb them — review the “ Super - Nutrients ” modules throughout my Future Health Now ! wellness program .
If you ’re not a member yet , head over to the following link for more details …
https://drcarolyndean.com/fhn
Carolyn Dean MD ND
The Doctor of the Future ®
RESOURCES :
Along the borders and in the links of my web site you can find my books , writings , and my call - in radio show .
Email your questions to : questions@drcarolyndeanlive.com .
Let no one suggest that the Olympics reality is something other than wholesome , inspiring competition among nations .
Specifically , let no one suggest that the super - jazzed young heartthrobs who win medals go out and celebrate the success they 've worked their whole lives for by partying all night -- or , horrors , getting laid !
US snowboarder Scotty Lago , who picked an inopportune time to let a fan share her enthusiasm for his medal , got unceremoniously tossed out of the Olympics , Jeff Passan of Yahoo reports .
( Photo from TMZ )
Fake fires and delayed shlock TV are cool with the Olympics overlords .
Fake blow jobs are not .
READER COMMENTS ON
" Exclusive : New York Times Editor ' Stands Behind ' Contested ' Pimp ' Reporting on James O'Keefe "
( 102 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 2/8/2010 @ 8:50 pm PT ...
Wow , people can be quite convoluted ( and rather insulting in a polite sort of way ) while defending their particular brand of bullcrap .
Brad , you seem to have followed all the convolutions very well .
Here 's a little analysis : Greg :
As I said , we see nothing to correct .
It is not merely a matter of accepting his version .
He was videotaping some of the action , including when he left some of the offices .
At one point , the camera was turned in such a way to catch part of the " costume " he was wearing .
And ACORN employees who saw him described his costume .
I 'm taking this to mean a video that Greg has seen ( or thinks he 's seen ) in which O'Keefe himself did the videotaping , and Greg 's contention is that O'Keefe swung the camera around , possibly by accident , and caught himself on the tape .
The inference is that the camera caught him in his pimp costume inside an Acorn office .
The fact that Greg infers this without coming out and saying what the video actually shows strikes me as dishonest and that he is hiding something ( perhaps only his fuzzy memory or his abysmal lack of checking sources ) .
Greg : I said our statement was based on a video .
I did not say that we saw the video online or that it ever was online .
Possible Translation :
I can't say for sure if I ever actually saw the video or not .
I think I did but I do n't remember which video it was or where O'Keefe was standing when the camera swung , or what he was actually wearing in that clip .
' Cause if I did , I would have told you and it would have proven my point .
Greg : I guess this day and time that would seem logical to assume since everything else is .
Many of our reporters have done a great deal of reporting on Acorn over a good period of time .
And through that reporting --- whether it was watching videos , interviewing sources ( who would not always go on the record ) or doing other research --- we feel we have confirmed the information we reported .
Possible translation :
Now I 'm wondering if maybe I heard about that camera angle from another reporter .
Ca n't remember who but I ran with it and I figure if it's not 100 % accurate , nobody 's gonna know or care except some fool like you and I 'll just politely put you in your place and that will be that .
Greg : Just because I am not willing to give you a link --- or do n't even have a link --- does n't mean our reporting is in error .
We 're also not going to give out the names and phone numbers of sources so anyone who wants to call them up and ask for confirmation can do so .
And in cases where someone might have let us listen to an audio tape or view a video on some subject , we are not going to break our commitment to them not to divulge the source .
It 's just like when we quote from a document and say : which The Times was allowed to read .....
Meaning that we saw it ; we took notes , but we do n't have the document in our possession .
The fact that we can't post the document online does n't undercut our reporting .
If someone chooses not to believe us , then that 's part of the process .
Possible Translation :
Damn , my whole argument is hanging on this one video clip I can't even remember the particulars of , or even if it actually showed what I think it did !
Hmmm , well here 's a smoke screen about not betraying confidential sources which will make you out to be an idiot for not realizing this and me sound like a pompous ( though polite ) jerk .
That should take care of it , especially when I invite you to disbelieve the NYT , if you dare .
Greg :
[ The rest too boring to repeat ] Possible Translation :
Hey , everybody else said the same damn thing , so bugger off already !
And yeah just to obscure the matter further , maybe you thought I was talking about the Fox interview .
Yeah , that 's the ticket !
Go watch it and you 'll see that everything I said was the way it was on that Fox video .
Jeez , you can't even find the Fox video ?
What kind of investigator are you , anyway ?
Sheesh .
I 'm sure there are plenty of lovely words to describe Greg 's behavior --- " obfuscate " is the first to come to mind .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... T.R.O. said on 2/8/2010 @ 9:02 pm PT ...
ACORN has lawsuits against O' Keefe in two states for secretly filming their employees which violates the state law , according to my understanding .
As such , could the ACORN lawyers subpoena the tape that the Times allegedly has in theeir posession that would show O'Keefe dressed in pimp suit ?
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... deecee said on 2/8/2010 @ 9:02 pm PT ...
It dose n't matter Brad .
they will always believe him becaue his accuastion is against black people .
apparently congress is still standing behind felony pimp's word , i have n't heard of any of them apologizing .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... LJ said on 2/8/2010 @ 9:16 pm PT ...
The whole ACORN fiasco was so unprofessionally faked .
I have been amazed that the airwaves were not filled with interviews with those who lost their jobs at ACORN .
They never had a forum to give their side of the story and I am sure they had one .
The truth will come out as long as folks like you at Brad Blog keep digging .
Good start .
Now let all the blogs join in and find out the truth .
And we will .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 2/8/2010 @ 9:16 pm PT ...
T.R.O asked :
As such , could the ACORN lawyers subpoena the tape that the Times allegedly has in theeir posession that would show O'Keefe dressed in pimp suit ?
Well , they could certainly subpoena O'Keefe / Breitbart for the full , unedited tapes .
They could * try * to subpoena the NYTimes , but if they actually had such a tape ( which remains highly dubious , in my personal opinion ) , they would not / should not turn it over unless their source okays it .
That said , a subpoena might at least be answered with the response : " Tape ?
We never had any tapes other than the ones O'Keefe / Breitbart released .
Never mind what we told that BRAD BLOG guy . "
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 2/8/2010 @ 9:39 pm PT ...
Thanks , LJ. PLEASE spread the word wherever you all can !
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 2/8/2010 @ 9:45 pm PT ...
I have two words for Greg Brock : Judith Miller .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Billy said on 2/8/2010 @ 9:51 pm PT ...
Damn that was a lot of work .
I think it would be a good idea to point out , once again , that " the media " ( including the NY Times and James O'Keefe ) successfully damaged ACORN without cause .
The Times ' resistance to adhere to any minimal journalistic standard can be interpreted as nothing short of malice .
They 're out to get ACORN .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 2/8/2010 @ 10:22 pm PT ...
Read through your whole exchange .
Remarkable .
Just remarkable .
Is this some strange , contemporary , hyper - dysfunction symptom ?
Maybe it 's always been around .
Or maybe it 's always been a part of Western Culture and it's just more prevalent / exaggerated these days .
I 'm a continuity guy .
When people prefer to duck and weave and perform amazing feats of acrobatic contortion with the English language , sense , and history to avoid SOMETHING , it 's just astonishing .
What the hell is going on ?
I do n't know what this is here , but it seems to be a common phenomenon these days .
In a way it 's beautiful and creative .
Just making up all kinds of crazy shit on the fly to avoid acnowledging some simple truth .
Impossible to pin down .
A master of escape .
But only a master because the old commonly accepted rules of language and meaning are abandoned while the pretense is offered that they are still in place .
Makes no sense except in Bizarro World , Alice in Wonderland , 1984 .
I have no idea really , but my guess is this guy is not conscious of what he 's doing .
My guess is he has a need to not acknowledge something here .
So he does n't .
I would like to go further out on my limb and venture another guess that he does n't know how important this issue is , as you suggested he did .
I 'm gonna guess he has not connected the Acorn dots that your regulars here have been staring at for years .
I do n't know what this magic thinking is but I think there 's a lot of it going around .
On all sorts of subjects .
Finally -- I think it well may not matter in the slightest what tack you would have taken here but I was wanting there to be more focus in the back and forths on Harshbarger 's study .
Did n't Harshbarger look at all of O'Keefe 's tapes ?
That was the sense I had from reading your other reports .
Is n't that right ?
Cuz if Harshbarger did look at all of O'Keefe 's tapes and the tapes show nothing corroborating O'Keefe 's claims but do show plenty contradicting them , is n't that the context we should be putting the story / questions in ?
Is n't that what we 're asking the NYT to reconcile ?
Would n't that be a little harder to squirm out of ?
I know you brought the Harshbarger study up but Greg barely acknowleged that you did and then went right back to claim and counter - claim .
Woould it have possibly born more fruit to keep the Harshbarger study as the anchor in the debate ?
And now for a little stickling --
Near the end of the email where you first mention including Mr. Hoyt in the communications you write --" .. just below the exchanges between you and I ... "--
It should be you and " me " .
This is the only english grammar rule I care about .
I 've even heard Obama make this mistake .
It always drives me crazy .
I can't help myself cuz it 's the only english grammar rule I really care about .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Jon in Iowa said on 2/8/2010 @ 11:00 pm PT ...
I love that their sources are Fox News ' live shows , video on the internet , hearsay and what they 've read " ad naseum . "
I mean , what the hell happened to investigation ?
They really are in the business of just reprinting press releases , it seems .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 2/9/2010 @ 4:35 am PT ...
LoL , the Right Wing Times does n't support getting to the truth ?... I wonder if Brock knows the guy that ran back inside the building ... maybe its him ?
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 2/9/2010 @ 4:54 am PT ...
Greg Brock is a wingnut spin machine , grew up in Mississippi , went to Ole Miss .
Not saying he 's a racist or anything , but ;
In his role as Senior Editor of The Times , Brock helps oversee the standards and ethics of the newspaper and works with editors and reporters throughout the newsroom to address readers ’ concerns about bias , fairness and accuracy .
Guilt by association ?
We retort , you deride .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 2/9/2010 @ 5:22 am PT ...
Aw shit , do we have to absolve him of any editorial faux pas because of his sexual orientation now ?
I 'm not even going to go there .
Yous guys can fight it out with him .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... T.R.O. said on 2/9/2010 @ 6:25 am PT ...
Brad @ #6
But you see , that is precisely my point .
It would force the NYT's hand on the issue if they even have a tape in their possession that purports O'Keefe being in the ACORN offices in " pimp " attire .
Does anyone recall the full page ad that ran over a year go in the Times , entitled Rotten ACORN ?
Eventually it was revealed that it was a group associated with Richard Berman , PR spinmeister aka Mr. Evil .
This was just prior to the Presidential elections .
Incidentally , McCain was FOR ACORN , before he was AGAINST it .
The courts have exonerated ACORN , yet there is little effort on the part of the media in general , or the Times in particular , to give equal coverage to that FACT .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... molly said on 2/9/2010 @ 6:40 am PT ...
Well sure the Times will slant the news for the O'Keefes and Brocks of this world .
They all work for the same company .
They NY Times is a propaganda spewer .
Remember the run up to the Iraq war ?
The question now since they are not to be trusted and subscriptions have fallen WAY off .
Are they too big to fail ?
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... T.R.O. said on 2/9/2010 @ 6:57 am PT ...
@#12
The South has produced some remarkable American literature .
I consider it a cheap shot to denigrate one 's birthplace or alma mater .
Its an even cheaper shot to aid and abet the railroading of an organization that has been doing yeoman 's work for years .
And I am not saying Mr. Brock IS doing this , I am saying that intentional harm has been perpetrated upon ACORN .
There needs to be a reckoning , imho .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 2/9/2010 @ 7:18 am PT ...
Ha !
Using the Fox way of reporting ( # 12&13 ) has gotten TRO 's panties in a bunch ... it does work .
Of course you might have forgotten that is exactly how Fox ( R- mouthpiece ) does things to Obama .
And the way the NYT is letting this slide is aiding and abetting Fox 's story about ACORN .
Point proven .
Thanks .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... camusrebel said on 2/9/2010 @ 7:50 am PT ...
Brad , do we know exactly how many and which ACORN offices were visited ?
Or at least could you restate the list of states that have been publicly acknowledged as having been targeted .
Great Job .
So far .
Can we help you turn up the heat ?
I 'm snowed in w / another storm approaching , but I could call a bunch of ACORN offices , try to maybe get some more folks on the record ?
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... T.R.O. said on 2/9/2010 @ 7:55 am PT ...
@#17
I fail to see how the Fox way of reprting " Works " .
I do , however , see why you chose your screen name .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 2/9/2010 @ 8:26 am PT ...
The fact that nytimes did n't print the Harshbarger 's report says it all .
They 're sticking to the hearsay they choose with the same disastrous results of j miller proportions on innocent people .
Personally , I see it as more evidence of the very prevalent good - cop - bad cop syndrome / scam that has permeated our politics / media to corporate advantage .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 2/9/2010 @ 8:44 am PT ...
This is what I think I 'm seeing , what I 'm not seeing much difference between , what appears to me part of the same dysfunction , what I think we need a strategy for bridging .
I 'll put it in the form of questions --
What 's the difference between - 1 . Greg at the NYT refusing to acknowledge the simple facts Brad is asking clarification for ?
2. My friend Jennifer ( liberal ) refusing to look at election fraud issues or listen to criticisms of Obama that make her uncomfortable ?
3 . Barney Frank ( famous gay liberal ) refusing to acknowledge the possible realities of election fraud or expressing any real interest in investigating the issue ?
4 . My sister and her husband ( teapeople ) refusing to look at any information that contradicts their narrative ?
( I read Limbaugh , O'Reilly , Beck to understand them .
They can not read the littlest Howard Zinn booklet - Failure To Quit - to understand me . )
5 .Jill , old girlfriend and a progressive , baling on her commitment ( etched in stone , she said ) to friendship and communication when we break up and refusing to discuss the matter ?
To me these refusals to examine uncomfortable information from people across the political spectrum on varying subjects look much alike .
To me these refusals seem like manifestations of fear and expressions of our extreme disconnect from the earth , each other , and what really matters .
There is precious little harmony .
We are not together .
I think the challenge is to come up with , create , manifest a way of being that is all about truth , bridges , and coming together .
I also think our efforts in this direction must be done with an awareness that whether we 're too late or not in derailing the widespread disasters it looks like we 're headed for , we well may not see many results from our labors .
Still I suspect whether we see the results in our lifetimes or not , this sort of bridging is the essential work that must be engaged if our culture is to stand a chance of awakening from this deep , deep trance of fear and ignorance in which we currently walk .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 2/9/2010 @ 8:47 am PT ...
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 2/8/2010 @ 10:22 pm PT ... Read through your whole exchange .
Remarkable .
Just remarkable .
Is this some strange , contemporary , hyper - dysfunction symptom ?
Maybe it 's always been around .
Or maybe it 's always been a part of Western Culture and it's just more prevalent / exaggerated these days .
I 'm a continuity guy .
When people prefer to duck and weave and perform amazing feats of acrobatic contortion with the English language , sense , and history to avoid SOMETHING , it 's just astonishing .
What the hell is going on ?
It 's actually scary .
It 's as if Brad caught the NYTimes red-handed , and no one ever pressed them for answers and they do n't know what to do , that someone is actually following up on their non-answers and non-retractions !
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 2/9/2010 @ 8:52 am PT ...
I feel the same way , the fact that even when people out the mainstream media for false stories or ignoring stories , they do n't " finish the job " by pounding home the most important thing : that the media is n't liberal .
All stories should end with : " this is proof the media is n't liberal and we 're being propogandized to believe it " .
http://www.youtube.com/w...;feature=player_embedded
Just pointing out false things in the media and not tying it all together with the reason for doing it is dropping the ball in my opinion .
You can point out all the false or ignored stories in the mainstream media , the corporate owned media we 're supposed to think is liberal ... but if you do n't pound home that fact that it 's not liberal , you may as well not even point out the false or ignored stories .
Because we need to know why they want us to think the MSM is liberal , even though it is n't .
We need to know why !!!
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 2/9/2010 @ 9:15 am PT ...
Someone caught them ( Times ) doing a pro Exxon retraction and were told that there is no way of going back ( no database ) to confirm his hunch ...
We found out about the lack of such a system while investigating a 199 - word correction attached to an article about the Greenpoint Oil spill in Brooklyn .
The correction to the ExxonMobil article replaced accurate data with other studies that downplayed the effects of the spill .
Suspecting that ExxonMobil may have pushed for the lengthy correction , I asked an editor if that was the case .
The editor claimed that there was no database to confirm or deny my hunch .
They have it all fixed now ( right ) http://www.stinkyjournal...ism-news-updates-104.php
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... T.R.O. said on 2/9/2010 @ 9:18 am PT ...
How about poining out that MSM media are liars , not liberals ?
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 2/9/2010 @ 9:41 am PT ...
My Dear fellow " hubris- propelled intellectuals " :
I 'm tempted to write this reminder in red - bolded , italicized , super - caps with several screaming exclamation points : PLEASE DIGG / RE - TWEET / CIRCULATE this article as much as you can .
Do it from several different computers .
Ask friends to do it .
Send it out in massive mailings to like minded folks .
Ask friends to do the same .
If you do n't have a twitter account , get one .
Even if you never use it except for Bradblog articles .
It 's free .
If you have questions , I 'll be happy to answer them for you ( by email ) .
At the time I 'm writing this , we 're at 8 diggs / 9 retweets .
While I hope to see the comment thread skyrocket for this piece , I 'm always amazed and disappointed that for all the Bradbloggers desperately asking how can we get this ( or any ) critical story more oxygen - no one will simply click on the digg button making the article more visible to search engines .
( And yes , I know how some of you feel about tweeting - outright , defiant refusal sprinkled with condescension for those of us understand what it could be capable of and who try to utilize it to that effect .
So be it .
But it works and it 's such an easy thing to do .
Please consider it . )
Brad's ( typical ) ratio of readers to diggers is downright shameful .
Hundreds of readers , dozens of long comments , hours of invested passion and heated debate = 2 diggs .
1 retweet ...
Friends , do n't you get it ?
It 's your internet VOTE .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... NYCartist said on 2/9/2010 @ 9:54 am PT ...
Wow .
NYTimes " caught " again .
" All the news that 's fit to print " their points of view .
( I like the comment noting Judith Miller . )
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 2/9/2010 @ 10:05 am PT ...
... and I intend to drop Greg AND his bosses at the NYT a friendly howdy - hey and what - the - fuck letter , as well .
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... EH said on 2/9/2010 @ 10:20 am PT ...
But it 's the bloggers , you see , who base their posts on complete fabrications and innuendo , poorly sourced if at all .
Makes total sense , New York Times .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... colinjames said on 2/9/2010 @ 10:23 am PT ...
Can someone please start a petition or something to demand that the NY Times and other media print retractions / corrections to the ACORN stories to point out the fact that O'Kweefe was NOT dressed as a pimp INSIDE the offices ?
Please ?
Also , it seems clear that the SENIOR editor of STANDARDS at the NY Times is both an idiot , and a fan of FOX " News " .
Which is to say , either he's an idiot because he watches FOX News , or he watches FOX News because he 's an idiot .
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Alan B said on 2/9/2010 @ 10:34 am PT ...
Great work Brad !
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... Harry said on 2/9/2010 @ 3:44 pm PT ...
Is there a reason why not one ACORN employee did not call the police , or anyone else to report the " fact " that they were " trying to protect the young girls " ?
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... T.R.O. said on 2/9/2010 @ 4:09 pm PT ...
@#32-
Harry , that 's not true , according to a Salon article , by Joe Conason .
Here 's an excerpt : After O'Keefe and Giles left the San Diego office , that same employee called a cousin who worked in a local police department " to ask him general advice regarding information he had received about possible human smuggling " --- a reference to O'Keefe 's claim that he was bringing in young girls from El Salvador to work as prostitutes .
The police report concerning that call shows that officers followed up later , only to be informed by the ACORN employee that the incident was a " ruse . "
In Philadelphia , O'Keefe 's suspicious behavior likewise alerted the ACORN staff that something was amiss , and the police were informed there as well .
No video of the visit to the Philly office was ever released by O'Keefe and Breitbart , although Harshbarger notes that " some of the released videos contain scenes of the sign of the Philadelphia ACORN office and shots of Philadelphia 's head organizer with no audio . "
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... T.R.O. said on 2/9/2010 @ 4:15 pm PT ...
Here are a couple of links relating to # 33 .
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... T.R.O. said on 2/9/2010 @ 4:17 pm PT ...
Acorn - Salon.comDec 11 , 2009 ... ACORN videos were propaganda .
By Joe Conason ...
www.salon.com/news/acorn...y=/opinion/.../acorn
- Cached " ACORN videos were propaganda " .
December 12 , 2009 9:16 am ET by Eric Boehlert .
From his recent Salon column , Joe Conason details what former ...
mediamatters.org/blog/200912120001
- Cached
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 2/9/2010 @ 4:47 pm PT ...
Harry @ 32 said :
Is there a reason why not one ACORN employee did not call the police , or anyone else to report the " fact " that they were " trying to protect the young girls " ?
Of course they did , Harry .
Is there a reason yu 're misinformed on this ?
Oh , right , because Breitbart and O'Keefe and Fox misinformed you about the entire thing .
In other words , you 've been played for a chump by your " news sources " , Harry .
( TRO , thanks for offering links to Harry .
Harry , there are many more out that which confirm same . )
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 2/9/2010 @ 4:52 pm PT ...
Thank you , Jeannie Dean .
Hope others read what you wrote very carefully above !
You are right on target ( ' cept for the " hundreds of readers " part .
It 's thousands , often tens of thousands , in truth .
Making the absurdly low number of DIGGS / REDDIT / Tweets even more sorry , frankly . )
Yes , it is your Internet VOTE .
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 2/9/2010 @ 5:28 pm PT ...
I have never Digged ( Dug ? ) , nor really know anything about it .
I am uninformed as to the art or science of Internet --- what , praising ?
Advertising ?
Getting out the vote ?
( I went on Digg 's site and read about it a bit but I still feel utterly clueless about what it is and how it works .
I guess not enough specifics were supplied for my taste .
Like , what 's a " critical number ? "
What is THE critical number ?
Is there only one ?
What 's the time frame involved ?
Is it the same for everyone ?
Etc , etc .
Ok , ok , just a BIT OCD here ...)
This is not something I have ever had any interest in or desire to learn about , but I 'm getting the message that it 's a free and easy way to help the Brad Blog .
So , although it 's against my general temperament to do this sort of thing , I will Digg .
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 2/9/2010 @ 9:03 pm PT ...
Lora -
The formula used at DIGG ( and the other places ) is actually a closely guarded secret .
So we do n't really know how many and over what time period launches stories to the front pages at DIGG and REDDIT , etc .
But as registering is free and really easy , and you can then stay logged in always , it 's then very easy to hit the DIGG and REDDIT buttons while here next time .
And yes , it very much helps to get eyeballs on these stories .
Especially when they hit the front pages over there !
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 2/9/2010 @ 9:11 pm PT ...
Heard the Nicole Sullivan ( am I right about the last name , I do n't get her much up here in the NW ) bit tonight .
Nice work .
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 2/9/2010 @ 9:21 pm PT ...
Thanks , Soul .
That was Nicole Sandler ( filling in on the Randi Rhodes Show ) .
For folks who missed it , it 's now here for ya [ MP3 ] .
( Appx. 15 mins )
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 2/9/2010 @ 9:34 pm PT ...
Now having read the entirety of that ludicrous exchange ... if Greg Brock wo n't back up the reporting , will Hoyt ?
I find it hard to believe that there would be any secrecy in that supposed video - in fact , if it really exist , would n't it " prove " O'Keefe 's claim against ACORN in the first place ?
I fail to understand the inability to provide any video - hell , it does n't even have to come from a " source " ( thus , blowing someone 's informant cover , say huhwhat ? ) , just make it available for the world to see .
Why would they not do that , if it existed ?
In fact , does n't the refusal / inability to provide the video effectively destroy the notion that such a video ever even existed ??!!
WTF , NYT , you 've done some crap - tastic work in the past , but this really takes the cake .
From Judith Miller .
NYT .
No longer a credible source .
Do n't quote from it ever again .
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 2/9/2010 @ 9:36 pm PT ...
Perhaps we should get Greg Brock a spot on the next season of Dancing With the Stars .
His c.v is now stacked after that exchange .
He 'd probably even qualify as a judge .
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... Harry said on 2/9/2010 @ 11:24 pm PT ...
All I did was ask - thank you for your answers .
It is obvious that since I found my way here that my " news " sources include progressive radio .
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 2/9/2010 @ 11:31 pm PT ...
Harry , we have been inundated with a host of TeaBagger trolls lately .
( Hi Brook .
Hi RHM . )
Seems that you 're not one of them .
Stick around a bit .
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 2/10/2010 @ 8:25 am PT ...
The right - wing media narrative that the Obama administration endangered security by giving Miranda rights to alleged attempted Christmas Day bomber Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab is falling apart .
Contrary to claims based on unnamed sources in the right - wing media , Obama administration officials agree that Abdulmutallab gave valuable intelligence during his first interrogation and that Abdulmutallab has begun divulging intelligence again .
http://mediamatters.org/research/201002090037
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 2/10/2010 @ 8:28 am PT ...
Palin headlines birther conference ; press pretends not to notice http://mediamatters.org/columns/201002090002
Funny , how Sarah Palin never produced Trig 's birth certificate but the birthers do n't care , nor does the mainstream media : http://andrewsullivan.th...nts-in-the-last-day.html
COMMENT # 48 [ Permalink ]
... SandyD said on 2/10/2010 @ 8:54 am PT ...
Who is it journalists work for ?
According to Bill Kovach and Tom Rosenstiel , in their seminal work , " Elements of Journalism , " journalism ' s first loyalty is to citizens .
They tell of a young Adolph Ochs who bought a struggling New York Times in 1896 , and published this promise the first day of his ownership : " to give the news impartially , without fear or favor , regardless of party , sect or interest involved . "
How far it has fallen .
COMMENT # 49 [ Permalink ]
... Calfed said on 2/10/2010 @ 9:14 am PT ...
Brad , ultimately , what evidence do you have that O'Keefe was not wearing the pimp costume in any of the ACORN offices ?
You cite the Harshbarger " independent " investigation .
Was n't Harshbarger hired by ACORN ?
Are you claiming that a Democrat politician and lawyer , hired by the people that he is supposed to be investigating is truly independent ?
Let 's cut to the chase here : Did Harshbarger locate any video of O'Keefe in the ACORN offices NOT dressed in the pimp costume ?
COMMENT # 50 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 2/10/2010 @ 9:31 am PT ...
Dear Harry , @ 32 Unless he knows something I missed in your email there , I think Brad bit your head off prematurely .
Usually he does n't bite like that .
( I 've been feeling sorta premenstrual myself lately . )
We 're generally more into gumming a person 's head here .
This leaves the head and neck connected ( if a bit slippery with saliva ) and more likely to promote expanding conversations .
Sorry for the inconvenience of the head bite .
love ,
Dave
COMMENT # 51 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 2/10/2010 @ 9:38 am PT ...
Calfed @ 49 I think that 's the point .
I believe Harshbarger saw the original tapes and O'Keefe is never in pimp attire in the Acorn offices .
Only adorned as La Pimpo Villa outside .
That 's my understanding , anyway .
COMMENT # 52 [ Permalink ]
... Calfed said on 2/10/2010 @ 10:50 am PT ...
David @ 51 Since the original tapes are presumably in either Breitbart or O'Keefe 's possession , and Harshbarger was hired by and working for ACORN , how would he have had access to the original tapes ?
Is Harshbarger 's assertion that O'Keefe never wore the pimp costume into an ACORN office based on any hard evidence , or merely based on statements that he took from ACORN employees , who may have had reason to lie about what O'Keefe was wearing ?
COMMENT # 53 [ Permalink ]
... colinjames said on 2/10/2010 @ 10:52 am PT ...
Calfed - what proof do you have that George W. Bush WASN'T sent here from Planet Zargon to prepare Earth for an alien invasion ?
The burden of proof is on O'Keefe and his enablers at the NY Times to show him in the ACORN offices dressed as a pimp , NOT on the Bradblog to prove otherwise .
The point of the first question is , you can't prove a negative , that 's not how logic works .
Here 's another question for you - if O'Keefe WAS dressed as a pimp inside ANY of the ACORN offices , why do not ONE of his videos shown ad nauseam on FOX News show that ?
Would n't you think that would be a damning piece of evidence in that " sting " operation that would have been included without a doubt ?
Or even after the fact , if there were such video , would n't they show it to put any doubt to rest ?
Coming here with questions and reasoning like yours is like bringing a dull butter knife to an AK - 47 fight .
The ones with grenade launchers on 'em .
COMMENT # 54 [ Permalink ]
... Calfed said on 2/10/2010 @ 11:32 am PT ...
Colin , what you have posted is nonsense .
Brad has created an entire blog post that is based on his demand that the NYT 's retract its statement that O'Keefe was dressed in his pimp costume in the ACORN offices .
I 've asked what evidence this demand is based upon .
Now you come along and assert that Brad needs no evidence to demand a retraction .
Say what ?
I got news for you , Colin - - having some reliable evidence in your pocket that a statement is incorrect is the sine qua non of getting any newspaper to issue a retraction .
If you do n't know that , what the hell are you doing posting on this blog .
As to why none of the video shown so far depicts how O'Keefe was dressed , I offer this -- If the camera was secreted in something that O'Keefe was wearing , how the hell COULD it show how he was dressed ?
Incidentally , the issue of whether O'Keefe WAS or WAS NOT dressed in his pimp costume is really a collateral issue , since it is clear from the video that he was representing himself as a pimp who wished to import under - aged girls to work in his stable .
Finally , Colin , if you want to get personal , let me just say that based on your analysis so far , if you were any duller , we would have to water you twice a week .
COMMENT # 55 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 2/10/2010 @ 12:28 pm PT ...
Calfed :
What proof is there that O'Keefe was dressed in his pimp costume in the ACORN offices ?
Actually , that costume was so outrageous , it 's pretty hard for the average rational person to believe he was dressed like that .
Do YOU believe he was dressed like that in the ACORN offices ?
And you say that O'Keefe being dressed OUTRAGEOUSLY is a " collateral issue " .
It 's not .
Because of how outrageous his costume was , it 's not collateral or irrelevant .
If he was dressed like that and talking to them , that is VERY IMPORTANT for several reasons , including how outrageous the costume was AND if he was n't dressed like that , he absolutely wanted everyone to think he was by editing the videos .
That 's outrageous , in fact , that YOU do n't think that 's important !
COMMENT # 56 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 2/10/2010 @ 12:30 pm PT ...
Also , Calfed , you say " Democrat politician " instead of " Democratic politician " , so I think we all know where you 're coming from .
COMMENT # 57 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 2/10/2010 @ 12:48 pm PT ...
Calfed said , parroting the wingnut propagandists : it is clear from the video that he was representing himself as a pimp who wished to import under - aged girls to work in his stable .
Really ?
Which video is that " clear " from ?
Because the transcripts that O'Keefe released ( allegedly , of the uncut interviews , unlike his videos ) show clearly that he represented himself as a college student and aspiring candidate for office hoping to save the prostitute from an abusive pimp .
Or did you just take O'Keefe / Breitbart 's deceptive videos at face value as they tried to falsely represent them ?
Like the NYTimes , Fox " News " et al ?
COMMENT # 58 [ Permalink ]
... Calfed said on 2/10/2010 @ 12:53 pm PT ...
" That 's outrageous , in fact , that YOU do n't think that 's important ! " -- Big Dan Big Dan , what should be clear is that what is important is what O'Keefe TOLD the ACORN employees and what the ACORN employees TOLD him .
It is clear that O'Keefe TOLD the ACORN employees that he was a pimp , attempting to import under - age girls to work as prostitutes .
What is also clear is that the ACORN employees TOLD O'Keefe what he should do to hide his activities from the authorities .
What is collateral is what O'Keefe was wearing at the time that this occurred .
You are trying to deflect attention from the activities of the ACORN employees , so I think we all know where YOU are coming from ...
COMMENT # 59 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 2/10/2010 @ 1:22 pm PT ...
Calfed --
Excuse me , I was dead wrong about Harshbarger having seen all the videos .
I guess I made that up .
Just went and checked Harshbarger 's study itself and he 's completely clear that he has n't been able to get the unedited versions .
Very embarrassing to be that wrong .
Re from your comment # 58 --- It is clear that O'Keefe TOLD the ACORN employees that he was a pimp , --- I 'd be obliged if you could direct me to the evidence for your claim here .
As far as I can make out so far it's only clear that O'Keefe CLAIMS he told Acorn employees he was a pimp .
From what I understand , we 've got some edited videos on our hands and that there is not a helluva lot that is COMPLETELY clear .
It sounds like Mr. O'Keefe is the one who could clarify a lot of this up by releasing all the original videos .
It 'd be good to see what 's on them .
And it'd be good to see how much they may have been doctored , no ?
COMMENT # 60 [ Permalink ]
... Calfed said on 2/10/2010 @ 1:59 pm PT ...
“ Because the transcripts that O'Keefe released ( allegedly , of the uncut interviews , unlike his videos ) show clearly that he represented himself as a college student and aspiring candidate for office hoping to save the prostitute from an abusive pimp . ” — Brad Brad , this statement is why I have problems with your characterization of these matters .
It glosses over the fact that O’Keefe represented himself college student and aspiring candidate for office — who was deriving income from prostitution and attempting to derive income from underage prostitution .
Most of us would call that pimping and pandering .
And the ACORN employees were oh so helpful in instructing O’Keefe in how to hide his activities from the authorities .
You can label that “ wingnut propaganda ” , but ACORN itself found the activities of its employees sufficiently embarrassing as to require them to be terminated .
And ACORN is not an easily embarrassed institution .
Anyone can go to the Big Government website and read the transcripts for themselves .
http://biggovernment.com/author/jokeefe/
Brad , you do n’t REALLY want me to cut and post the exchanges between O’Keefe , Giles and innumerable ACORN employees , do you ?
It wo n’t help your side in this matter , I assure you .
COMMENT # 61 [ Permalink ]
... Calfed said on 2/10/2010 @ 2:23 pm PT ...
David , I would direct you to the Big Government website where the videos and transcripts are posted : http://biggovernment.com/author/jokeefe/
I suggest scrolling to the bottom and working up -- I found it easier going as it is in chronological order ( m /l ) that way .
I believe any fair interpretation of those transcripts support my characterizations .
As for releasing the unedited videos - - yes , it would probably be helpful to us .
however , I point out several issues : -- ACORN itself is pressing for charges against O'Keefe and Giles for taping ACORN employees .
As a result , the audio of the ACORN employees on some of the later videos is being suppressed on the Big Government website .
Would n't it also be helpful if ACORN dropped it 's request for criminal charges so that there were no legal issues involved with releasing the unedited video ?
If ACORN REALLY thought that the unedited videos would inure to their benefit , would n't they naturally want to pave the way for their release , by dropping their demands for criminal prosecution of Giles and O'Keefe ?
-- O'Keefe and Giles consider themselves " journalist " ( I 'm not crazy enough not to realize that many posters at this website disagree with that description ) .
" Journalists " would rather walk through fire ( or spend months in jail on a contempt citation ) before they turn over unedited material to the public .
Tell you what -- try to get ALL of the unedited video from " 60 minutes " .
Good luck .
COMMENT # 62 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 2/10/2010 @ 2:50 pm PT ...
Calfed said @ various : Brad , this statement is why I have problems with your characterization of these matters .
It glosses over the fact that O’Keefe represented himself college student and aspiring candidate for office — who was deriving income from prostitution and attempting to derive income from underage prostitution .
Yup .
But that was n't the meal ticket here for O'Keefe / Breitbart , was it ?
It was that astrounding expose in which dumb ACORN employees were so stupid , they could n't even see that this guy was n't a pimp .
A storyline helped by the fact that he appeared on Fox in the get up , in photos , etc. and stood by as everyone characterized that that 's how he was dressed .
Furthermore , they dishonestly characterized the entire thing as an " ACORN Child Prostitution Investigation " .
That 's how they label the videos at YouTube , in fact .
There was no " Child Prostitution " at ACORN , and you know it , because you 're at least intellectually honest enough to show up here and review what I 've been reporting and respond to it ( unlike the cowards Breitbart , O'Keefe , BigGovernment.com et al ) .
Hopefully you 've also read the transcripts --- because the videos completely twist all of this up --- to see that in most of the cases , the employees were encouraging the two to pay their taxes , even if it was taxes on illegal business .
They did not tell them " do n't pay the taxes ! " ( most of them , anyway ) as was the picture portrayed , deceptively by Breitbart / O'Keefe in their hit job .
Moreover , the " journalists " were so dishonest here that they did n't report the employees who * did n't * take the bait and who called the police or through them out of the offices , etc .
If 60 Minutes wanted to catch low - level employees --- from among some 13,000 --- saying and doing stupid things , they would not hide those who did n't say or do stupid things .
They would not manipulate the video ( at least I 'd like to think ! ) in order to make them look stupider and / or like they were doing things they were n't actually doing .
ACORN took appropriate action by firing those who needed to be fired , doing an internal and external investigation to change practices , finding out that there was not an institutional instruction to commit " child prostitution " as the GOP operative Breitbart and O'Keefe have purposely and deceptively tried to convince people of .
In the meantime , the actual companies of folks like Halliburton , Blackwater , Exxon , etc. who receive BILLIONS of tax - payer dollars from the federal government , more than ACORN has received in their lifetimes , have admitted to billions of dollars in fraud , have been taken to court on actual crimes like manslaughter , rape , murder , etc. and the intrepid crime fighters like Breibart , O'Keefe and Giles could n't give a damn about it --- even as they make the claim they are fighting against government corruption .
It 's a complete , and utter scam .
They are fighting against government Democrats .
Period .
Would n't it also be helpful if ACORN dropped it 's request for criminal charges so that there were no legal issues involved with releasing the unedited video ?
If ACORN REALLY thought that the unedited videos would inure to their benefit , would n't they naturally want to pave the way for their release , by dropping their demands for criminal prosecution of Giles and O'Keefe ?
That 's otherwise known as extortion , Calfed .
Are you that out of touch with conservative values such as the Rule of Law , that you 'd even suggest such a thing ?
None of it is " journalism " .
It 's dirty tricks , propaganda , and yes , extortion .
COMMENT # 63 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 2/10/2010 @ 3:16 pm PT ...
Meant to also respond to this from Calfed : O'Keefe and Giles consider themselves " journalist " ... " Journalists " would rather walk through fire ( or spend months in jail on a contempt citation ) before they turn over unedited material to the public .
Rubbish .
Complete rubbish .
Journalists ( real ones , not ones that have to be put in quote marks ) refuse to release material in order to protect sources .
Not to protect themselves from scrutiny and justifiable criticism that they 've been dishonest and have misrepresented the material .
You appear to know nothing about journalism , but apparently plenty about " journalism " --- Breitbart / O'Keefe style " journalism " anyway --- and seem as willing to torture the truth as did Greg Brock of the NYTimes in hopes of making excuses for utter failures of both journalism ( in the case of NYTimes ) and " journalism " ( in the case of hoaxsters Breitbart & O'Keefe ) .
COMMENT # 64 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 2/10/2010 @ 3:37 pm PT ...
Dear Calfed @ comment # 61--
Thanks for the link .
Was n't ' til I went to it that I realized it was Breitbart's .
I just read Glenn Beck 's latest -- Arguing With Idiots -- cuz I have a sister who loves him .
I just ca n't do Breitbart right now .
I just spent days tracking down Glenn Beck 's misrepresentation after misrepresentation and I 'm tired of it .
These guys -- Glenn and Breitbart - - offer an awful lot of anger and obfuscation .
They do n't talk straight or listen well .
These two and their compatriots are constantly calling me an idiot , in one way or another , while never honestly acknowledging my point of view , and occasionally encouraging people to do me physical harm .
Not a lot to work with there .
Maybe I can find the transcripts somewhere else .
COMMENT # 65 [ Permalink ]
... Calfed said on 2/10/2010 @ 4:10 pm PT ...
“ Yup .
But that was n't the meal ticket here for O'Keefe / Breitbart , was it ?
It was that astrounding expose in which dumb ACORN employees were so stupid , they could n't even see that this guy was n't a pimp .
A storyline helped by the fact that he appeared on Fox in the get up , in photos , etc. and stood by as everyone characterized that that 's how he was dressed .
”-- Brad Brad , you do n’t honestly believe that the scandal in the ACORN story was that ACORN employs people who ca n’t tell the difference between REAL pimps and guys who play pimps on TV , do you ?
The scandal in the ACORN story is that an organization that receives millions in tax payer funding was caught on tape counseling a “ pimp ” and a “ prostitute ” on the best way to avoid getting caught importing under age girls to be used in their prostitution “ business ” .
Claiming that the major issue here is what O’Keefe was wearing at the time that he received this counseling is really obfuscation .
BTW , what real evidence do you have that O’Keefe was n’t dressed in his pimp suit when he visited the ACORN offices ?
I mean real evidence — you know , tapes , photographs , etc — not just statements from ACORN employees that have every reason to lie about it .
“ There was no " Child Prostitution " at ACORN , and you know it ” ---
Brad
You claim that this was dishonestly portrayed as an “ ACORN child prostitution investigation ” .
That is more obfuscation on your part .
No one ever claimed that ACORN engaged in child prostitution .
What ACORN DID do was provided assistance to people posing as child pimps and panderers .
Both the tapes and the transcripts bear that out .
“ … in most of the cases , the employees were encouraging the two to pay their taxes , even if it was taxes on illegal business .
They did not tell them " do n't pay the taxes ! " — Brad
This is another “ Straw man ” argument .
The scandal was n’t that ACORN employees told O’Keefe and Giles not to pay their taxes .
The scandal was that ACORN employees explained to the pair how to file a false return , so that they could pay their taxes without disclosing the illegal source of their income .
You claim that O’Keefe “ did n't report the employees who * did n't * take the bait and who called the police or through ( sic ) them out of the offices , etc. ” .
That ’s an interesting point .
What I remember is ACORN claiming that O’Keefe and Giles were thrown out of ACORN offices and then seeing video of O’Keefe and Giles being helped at those same offices .
As for police reports — there are a few .
And they are posted on the Big Government website .
There are also kudos to an ACORN employee who DID refuse to help O’Keefe .
You claim that ACORN took “ appropriate action ” by firing those who needed to be fired and to the extent that is true , I applaud ACORN .
But to pretend that ACORN is n’t a troubled organization , with lax internal controls is to miss the point .
The brother of ACORN ’s founder , who was a high - level ACORN employee , embezzled a million dollars and the current management has been covering up this fact for years .
http://www.cnn.com/2008/.../13/acorn.investigation/
“ It 's a complete , and utter scam .
They are fighting against government Democrats .
Period . ’— Brad - as opposed to this bog , which goes after Democrats and Republicans alike .
I guess I missed all those exposé’s of Democrat organizations that you have posted here .
Be real -- ALL media outlets have a political POV .
‘ That 's otherwise known as extortion , Calfed .
Are you that out of touch with conservative values such as the Rule of Law , that you 'd even suggest such a thing ? ” - Brad
Uh , no .
But I ’m also not so out of touch that I ca n’t see the hypocrisy of calling for criminal charges against someone for secretly video taping ACORN and then criticizing them for not releasing more of the tapes .
COMMENT # 66 [ Permalink ]
... Calfed said on 2/10/2010 @ 4:16 pm PT ...
David -- I do n't blame you .
I 'm conservative ( gasp ! shocking ! ) -- lol -- , but I can't stand Glenn Beck , Rush Limbaugh or Michael Savage .
To me , they are the conservative obverse of the same coin that Keith Olbermann and Ed Schultz exist on .
COMMENT # 67 [ Permalink ]
... Calfed said on 2/10/2010 @ 4:37 pm PT ...
“ Rubbish .
Complete rubbish .
Journalists ( real ones , not ones that have to be put in quote marks ) refuse to release material in order to protect sources .
Not to protect themselves from scrutiny and justifiable criticism that they 've been dishonest and have misrepresented the material . ” — Brad With all due respect , Brad , it is you who does n’t know anything about journalism and journalist shield laws .
Journalists routinely refuse to hand over outtakes of their video work .
Frequently the courts support them in their refusal - http://www.signonsandieg...4-outtakes/?zIndex=66194
Do you really argue that Journalists release their notes , unused work product and outtakes to anyone that questions their work ?
Puhleez !
Reporters show that stuff to their editors and then the editors issue a statement to the effect that “ we stand behind the reporting ” on the questioned issue .
That stuff usually get released , if at all , after a long bitter court battle .
COMMENT # 68 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 2/10/2010 @ 5:04 pm PT ...
Calfed said : Brad , you do n’t honestly believe that the scandal in the ACORN story was that ACORN employs people who ca n’t tell the difference between REAL pimps and guys who play pimps on TV , do you ?
I honestly believe that that was the lie the entire gimmick was lynchpinned on , yup .
And have had many express same , with shock , when they learned that that headliner claim was an utter fabrication .
The scandal in the ACORN story is that an organization that receives millions in tax payer funding was caught on tape counseling a “ pimp ” and a “ prostitute ” on the best way to avoid getting caught importing under age girls to be used in their prostitution “ business ” .
That was the story line that was created , yes .
It 's veracity , however , is thinner than ever once one reads the transcripts , and realizes so much of the rest of the story ( eg. O'Keefe was dressed as a pimp ) was a publicity scam and fabrication .
Claiming that the major issue here is what O’Keefe was wearing at the time that he received this counseling is really obfuscation .
An honest journalist might have consider that before risking his / her story , if it was legitimate in the first place , on an entirely phony premise .
BTW , what real evidence do you have that O’Keefe was n’t dressed in his pimp suit when he visited the ACORN offices ?
I mean real evidence — you know , tapes , photographs , etc — not just statements from ACORN employees that have every reason to lie about it .
Um , really ?
Besides the videos which do not show him in that outfit , the former MA Attorney General who says he was n't wearing the outfit and the ACORN employees who say he was n't wearing that outfit , and O'Keefe 's own statements in the video transcripts that he told the employees he was a college student , hoping to run for Congress someday , the boyfriend of the prostitute and trying to save her from an abusive pimp ?
I know that 's pretty thin .
So that 's why I asked the NYTimes for the evidence that , they now claim they have seen , supporting that he was dressed that way .
Unfortunately , they are unwilling to supply that evidence or any link , or anything else that independently verifies their claim .
Which is why I described it as a " contested " .
That said , what evidence do you have that O'Keefe was n't holding a gun behind that camera and pointing it at ACORN workers ?
Just the statements to the contrary from the partisan propagandists who have every reason to lie about it ?
( I hope you 're smart enough to understand the point of this graf .
I believe you are . )
You claim that this was dishonestly portrayed as an “ ACORN child prostitution investigation ” .
That is more obfuscation on your part .
No one ever claimed that ACORN engaged in child prostitution .
I guess the video , as titled " ACORN San Bernadino Child Prostitution Investigation " , as posted on James O'Keefe 's article at Big Government.com headlined " ACORN Prostitution Scandal : California Here We Come ! " must have posted itself .
( That page , btw , promises Part II to the video , which never came , after the first tape included a secretly taped video in which an ACORN employee makes suckers out of O'Keefe and Giles by saying she killed her husband , despite the fact that the county sheriff said the woman 's husband was very much alive , and the dishonest O'Keefe and Breitbart never even bothered to retract their story , or even update readers to that fact , six months and 1,241 comments later .
Yup , there 's your " journalism " . )
Or there 's the first video posted called " ACORN Baltimore Prostitution Investigation " Parts I and II and .
No , not deceptive or misleading at all from the folks who claim to be combating " journalistic malpractice " of the corporate media .
And there 's the DC videos posted at BigGov in an article called " Washington , DC ACORN Video : Child Prostitution Investigation " .
And , there 's " ACORN NYC Child Prostitution Investigation " and " ACORN San Diego Child Prostiutiont Smuggling " , etc. etc .
Of course , you can go to YouTube and search for " ACORN Child Prostitution Investigation " and many more dishonestly titled videos from Breitbart and O'Keefe .
But never mind any of that .
Yeesh .
They 're just doing good " journalism " .
Other than that and hundreds of other similar examples , you 're right , " No one ever claimed that ACORN engaged in child prostitution " .
“ It 's a complete , and utter scam .
They are fighting against government Democrats .
Period . ’— Brad - as opposed to this bog , which goes after Democrats and Republicans alike .
I guess I missed all those exposé’s of Democrat organizations that you have posted here .
Yup .
Apparently you did .
COMMENT #69 [ Permalink ]
... Calfed said on 2/10/2010 @ 6:10 pm PT ...
“ Um , really ?
Besides the videos which do not show him in that outfit , the former MA Attorney General who says he was n't wearing the outfit and the ACORN employees who say he was n't wearing that outfit , and O'Keefe 's own statements in the video transcripts that he told the employees he was a college student , hoping to run for Congress someday , the boyfriend of the prostitute and trying to save her from an abusive pimp ?
I know that 's pretty thin .
“ — Brad
So , no , you do not have any solid evidence that O’Keefe was n’t wearing his pimp suit at the ACORN office .
And one line in your rationale sums up the weakness in your argument .
“ former MA Attorney General who says he was n't wearing the outfit ”
Only he does n’t exactly say that , does he ?
What his report does say , with respect to his investigations of O’Keefe ’s visits to the ACORN offices is this :
“ The unedited videos have never been made public ” So , he has n’t seen any video that the rest of have n’t seen .
“ We did not speak directly with those employees who were captured on video in part because we were satisfied there was no question that the visits occurred and the comments were made ”
So Harshbarger did n’t even speak to the people who actually dealt with O’Keefe .
Does the word “ hearsay ” ring a bell ?
“ We have described what we have been told were the specific circumstances of each visit
in narratives attached hereto as Appendix D , which stem from interviews of ACORN employees , MANY OF WHOM DID NOT DID NOT HAVE DIRECT KNOWLEDGE OF THE EVENTS . ” Jesus — double hearsay .
And from people who apparently did n’t know anything themselves .
“ We also did not have the opportunity to speak with the videographers .
In fact , they either declined or ignored our requests . ”
So , they did n’t get to talk to O’Keefe , either .
“ It is important to note that none of the ACORN offices visited has any written record of the visits ”
So no contemporaneous reports of the visits to fall back on .
Based on these caveats , contained in the Harshbarger report , your insistence that Scott Harshbarger assures us that O’Keefe was not wearing his pimp suit at the ACORN offices is inexplicable .
And laughable .
No wonder the NYT refuses to retract — they can read .
The evidence that you cite for your conjecture that O’Keefe was n’t wearing his pimp suit during his visits to ACORN offices boils down to this :
Some ACORN employees , not the ones who actually dealt with O’Keefe , mind you , say he was n’t wearing his pimp duds .
Oh , and by the way , those ACORN employees , who are already looking pretty bad to begin with , and would look even worse if they admit that he was wearing his pimp duds , well they really are n’t in a position to know what O’Keefe was wearing , because as the Harshbarger report said , “ many … had no direct knowledge of the events ”
To use your own words , Brad , “ pretty thin ” .
Oh , hey , one other thing .
About that whole “ video twisted the ACORN employees words ” thing — the Hershbarger report had one nugget : “ We did not speak directly with those employees who were captured on video in part because we were satisfied there was no question that the visits occurred and the comments were made ” Harshbarger apparently gets it , Brad .
COMMENT # 70 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 2/10/2010 @ 6:48 pm PT ...
Where is the video ?
Why can we not see the video ?
Produce the video ?
Proof is in the pudding , why not just show the goddamn video ?
It 's really very simple .
Unless there is no video .
In which case , nobody saw the video .
Why such obfuscation in such a simple matter ?
COMMENT # 71 [ Permalink ]
... Calfed said on 2/10/2010 @ 6:57 pm PT ...
What video ?
COMMENT # 72 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 2/10/2010 @ 7:34 pm PT ...
Lol !
Exactly .
COMMENT # 73 [ Permalink ]
... Calfed said on 2/10/2010 @ 7:38 pm PT ...
you 're right Soul , there is no video .
And ACORN is nothing more than a small nut lying under an oak tree .
COMMENT # 74 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 2/10/2010 @ 7:50 pm PT ...
Dear Calfed ,
This is all very interesting .
Do you believe everything O'Keefe has been saying about the whole series of Acorn incidents ?
Do you find him an honest witness to events ?
Do you find Harshbarger not credible ?
Yes , he acknowledges that his evidence is hearsay , but to me it sounds like part of his job was to piece together a coherent narrative of events .
You claim he may be biased .
So might Breitbart , O'Keefe , and Fox News , no ?
Biased or not Harshbarger offers a dramatically different narrative in Appendix D than the story promoted and perpetuated in the national media .
His narrative seems consistent to me .
He was hired to make an independent report .
His report is wildly at odds with the " official " version .
Does that make you curious ?
It makes me curious .
Because I 'm hoping we can all agree that many of the details of Harshbarger and O'Keefe 's versions are mutually exclusive .
Somebody 's telling a whopper .
I 'm gonna go look for some harmony .
Catch you cats later .
love , Dave
COMMENT # 75 [ Permalink ]
... Calfed said on 2/10/2010 @ 10:00 pm PT ...
“ Biased or not Harshbarger offers a dramatically different narrative in Appendix D than the story promoted and perpetuated in the national media ” -- David Yes David , a dramatically different narrative , but based on what ?
I ’ll quote the Harshbarger report directly : “ We have described what we have been told were the specific circumstances of each visit in narratives attached hereto as Appendix D , which stem from interviews of ACORN employees , MANY OF WHOM DID NOT HAVE DIRECT KNOWLEDGE OF THE EVENTS . ”
This is the take - away — Harshbarger ’s “ dramatically different narrative ” is based on self serving , third hand accounts of people that Harshbarger acknowledges “ DID NOT HAVE DIRECT KNOWLEDGE OF THE EVENTS . ”
Of what value are those accounts ?
Do n’t you see that you are asking me , in effect :
Who am I going to believe , the third hand accounts of people who have no direct knowledge of the events or my own lying eyes ?
Do I have to answer that question ?
COMMENT # 76 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 2/10/2010 @ 11:16 pm PT ...
Calfed : Excellent points , all .
You 've convinced me .
O'Keefe * was * wearing his pimp outfit in the ACORN offices !
Just like you and the NYTimes said !
But just in case anybody asks , what 's your evidence for it ?
Because the NYTimes was n't able to offer any , and I 'd sure like to be able to back up your story , and theirs , and Fox " News ' " , in case anybody asks .
Thanks in advance !
COMMENT # 77 [ Permalink ]
... Calfed said on 2/11/2010 @ 7:52 am PT ...
Excellent points , all .
You 've convinced me .
O'Keefe * was * wearing his pimp outfit in the ACORN offices !
Just like you and the NYTimes said !
Brad , you 're just inches from sincerity
COMMENT # 78 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 2/11/2010 @ 11:24 am PT ...
Dear Calfed re comment # 75 , You seem to be a thorough and thoughtful person .
You also appear to me to be extremely biased against Acorn .
That 's okay , we all have our biases .
I 'm extremely biased for Acorn having followed the Republican attempts to discredit them for years now .
Thanks for the Harshbarger quote but I 've read it myself many times now and alrady have acknowledged that Harshbarger clearly states his conclusions are based on hearsay evidence .
I feel you 're beating a dead horse there .
In my view we are not lacking for dead horses .
I 'd love to get beyond the Land of the Dead Horses , if possible .
It 's interesting how we all see such different things .
You see Harshbarger spewing nonsense based on testimony that is worthless ( hope that 's accurate enough of your viewpoint . )
Having just been through an extremely unpleasant legal business myself , I hear a lawyer being very careful and specific , the way good lawyers are .
Without knowing with greater certainty because I was n't actually there witnessing any of his investigation , what I make up is this -- Harshbarger talked to a bunch of Acorn people in the various offices visited by O'Keefe .
Perhaps he talked to Acorn staff who witnessed O'Keefe and Giles entering their offices and / or he talked to Acorn staff who got a version of events from participants directly involved .
I make up that his narrative is based on something that probably can be backed up with further investigation .
You make up that it 's pretty much worthless bullshit ( again , I hope I 'm being accurate here in describing your viewpoint . )
Katherine Conway Russell 's narrative in Brad 's latest piece is consistent with my interpretation and I believe at odds with yours .
Now maybe she 's a self - serving liar but maybe she 's not .
When I checked O'Keefe 's version of his interaction with her I found it impossible to tell what was what because he 's constatnly interrupting and editing the video .
This makes me not trust him .
Calfed , there 's also a lot of history here and I wonder how or if you factor that history into your interpretation of events .
David Iglesias was a Republican U.S. attorney with a very good job rating who was fired for not going after Acorn .
Is he another self - serving Acorn worker ?
His story is consistent with what looks like a continuing witchhunt by Republicans against Acorn .
Finally when you ask ---
Who am I going to believe , the third hand accounts of people who have no direct knowledge of the events or my own lying eyes ?
-- I think we 're getting closer to the heart of ths matter .
To me it appears you are choosing to believe the narrative of someone who gives every indication of having an extreme bias against Acorn .
He is presenting highly edited versions of events and narrating over much of them .
This makes it impossible for anyone to be able to tell what really is going down .
( This also is exactly what Harshbarger points out . )
Yet , you fully believe him .
I 'm calling that extreme bias on your part .
You seem to ignore all of O'Keefe 's shortcomings and inconsistencies while being ready at every turn to think the absolute worst of anything Acornish .
COMMENT # 79 [ Permalink ]
... mickey said on 2/11/2010 @ 7:30 pm PT ...
[ Ed Note : Pornographic link removed .
- BF ]
COMMENT # 80 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 2/11/2010 @ 7:32 pm PT ...
" That 's outrageous , in fact , that YOU do n't think that 's important ! " -- Big Dan Big Dan , what should be clear is that what is important is what O'Keefe TOLD the ACORN employees and what the ACORN employees TOLD him .
It is clear that O'Keefe TOLD the ACORN employees that he was a pimp , attempting to import under - age girls to work as prostitutes .
What is also clear is that the ACORN employees TOLD O'Keefe what he should do to hide his activities from the authorities .
What is collateral is what O'Keefe was wearing at the time that this occurred .
You are trying to deflect attention from the activities of the ACORN employees , so I think we all know where YOU are coming from ...
It is important if O'Keefe was wearing that outlandish pimp outfit ... BECAUSE ... it would make ACORN look even worse / stupid .
That 's like saying it does n't matter if he had on a clown outfit .
So , you 're saying what you wear does n't matter , it 's what you say ?
Go for an interview dressed in ripped blue jeans , uncombed hair , and a T - Shirt for a computer job and let me know if it matters what you wear or not .
THEN ... go to an interview dressed in a suit , let me know if there 's a difference what one wears .
ANOTHER ridiculous statement by you !
COMMENT # 81 [ Permalink ]
... Calfed said on 2/12/2010 @ 10:25 am PT ...
Dan , what can I tell you …
Some people hear the story of the Titanic and wonder what caused a great ship to sink .
Others hear the same story and obsess over what the captain was wearing as the great ship went down .
I guess each of us deal with the issues that we feel competent dealing with .
Perhaps this You Tube cut will make my point for me — ( with apologies to Marisa Tomei ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ba7QvrreqU4
Not to put too fine a point on this , but I do n’t “ give a f --- what kind of pants the son of a bitch was wearing ” .
And outside of a few caterwauling blogs , I do n’t think anyone else does either .
And if you think the REAL story here is what O’Keefe was wearing when he got help from the ACORN employees in how to set up a child prostitution ring , then , as Chris Wallace says , you must live out where the trolleys do n’t run after dark . .
COMMENT # 82 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 2/12/2010 @ 12:15 pm PT ...
Calfed ,
You 're losing me cuz you 're not responding to most of my questions in # 74 and # 78 .
This is giving me an uncomfortable feeling that I 've gotten many times before .
It happens when I 'm discussing something with someone with a different viewpoint and we get to a conversational crossroads and they vaporize into silence .
This makes me wonder if the person is interested in pursuing truth wherever it goes .
It makes me suspect it 's more important to them to support / hold onto their narrative than to deeply examine the matter at hand .
COMMENT # 83 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 2/12/2010 @ 12:20 pm PT ...
I should add that the uncomfortable feeling has flavors of loneliness , despair , and a sense of hopelessness about how to make contact / maintain relationships with people of radically different viewpoints .
COMMENT # 84 [ Permalink ]
... Calfed said on 2/12/2010 @ 4:44 pm PT ...
David , I think you have missed my point .
My point is not that the Harshbarger report spews “ nonsense based on testimony that is worthless ”
Far from it .
My problem is with people who selectively quote a single line out of it and pretend that quote settles an issue .
Less than 20 % of the Harhbarger report deals with O’Keefe ’s visits to ACORN offices .
Most of his report deals with the serious management and ethical lapses at ACORN .
With respect to “ investigating ” the O’Keefe videos , Harshbarger was honest in detailing his methodology : - he did n’t view the unedited tapes
- He did n’t speak to any of the ACORN employees or former employees who are depicted on the video .
- The ACORN employees that he did talk to had no direct knowledge of the visits .
- There were no contemporaneous reports available for him to examine .
Given these limitations , which Harshbarger is open about , Brad ’s ( or anyone else ’s ) reliance on the Harshbarger report to make an authoritative claim about anything that occurred during O’Keefe ’s visits to ACORN is laughable .
Further , the whole issue of what O’Keefe was wearing during these visits is a red herring .
I think I have made myself clear on that point .
The REAL issue is what were O’Keefe and Giles told by ACORN personnel during their visits .
ACORN ’s defenders claim that the videos were doctored and ca n’t be relied on .
I do n’t think so .
They were certainly edited - as is almost every video that you see on TV .
But doctored so as to be unreliable ?
Look to what Harshbarger says in his report about that : “ We did not speak directly with those employees who were captured on video in part because we were satisfied there was no question that the visits occurred and the comments were made ”
It is right there in black and white — “ we were satisfied there was no question that the visits occurred and the comments were made ” .
Harshbarger does n’t dispute what was on the tapes , why do you or anyone else ?
Besides , I offered you the link to unedited audio and transcripts of the visits .
It is all right there on the Big Government website .
You chose not to listen .
So , until you have listened to the audio and transcripts , stop complaining about the “ heavily edited ” videos .
You claim that I “ appear to .. be extremely biased against Acorn ” .
If “ bias ” means that I have disdain and antipathy for an organization that provides assistance to people whom they believe are engaged in child prostitution , then you are correct .
Key directors of ACORN have a long history of unethical and illegal conduct , which has only come to light and been dealt with because of the activities of O’Keefe and other whistle blowers .
I might ask you — why do you defend that ?
I ca n’t find the Katherine Conway Russell narrative that you refer to .
If you link it , I ’ll look at it .
I take it that she is an ACORN employee or former employee who makes claims about O’Keefe ’s visits .
Meh .
A story told after the fact to exonerate oneself is frequently not very persuasive .
But I ’ll look at it .
But again , Harshbarger has accepted what was shown on the tapes represents what occurred at the ACORN offices , so what does Russell ’s story really prove ?
As for David Iglesias , a man who was fired from his politically appointed job , I ca n’t see that his case has anything to do with O’Keefe .
Iglesias was fired years before O’Keefe ’s ACORN sting .
O’Keefe had nothing to do with Iglesias ’ firing .
There simply is no “ there ” there .
COMMENT # 85 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 2/12/2010 @ 5:06 pm PT ...
Calfed : O'Keefe not wearing the pimp outfit in the ACORN offices is what amounts to LYING , correct ?
Because he edited his videos to absolutely mislead people that he was wearing it .
So , do you agree ?
COMMENT # 86 [ Permalink ]
... Calfed said on 2/12/2010 @ 5:11 pm PT ...
Big Dan -- can you show me a quote where O'Keefe claimed that he did wear the pimp suit ?
Can you prove that he did n't ?
COMMENT # 87 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 2/12/2010 @ 5:26 pm PT ...
Here 's what Calfed is saying : now that it 's exposed that O'Keefe did n't wear the pimp outfit in ACORN offices ... it 's not important .
COMMENT # 88 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 2/12/2010 @ 5:27 pm PT ...
Well , Calfed , I 'm SURE if he was wearing the pimp outfit in the ACORN offices , he 'd show the video .
Why would n't he ?
COMMENT # 89 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 2/12/2010 @ 5:29 pm PT ...
Calfed : you do n't need a quote , the edited videos show O'Keefe was trying to mislead everyone into thinking he was wearing the pimp outfit in the ACORN offices .
You just made up a rule that we need a quote from O'Keefe stating he did .
COMMENT #90 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 2/12/2010 @ 5:36 pm PT ...
" I ca n’t see that his case has anything to do with O’Keefe .
Iglesias was fired years before O’Keefe ’s ACORN sting .
O’Keefe had nothing to do with Iglesias ’ firing .
There simply is no “ there ” there ... "
Really ?
Then what you can't ( or wo n't ) see is the systematic years of a well - orchestrated campaign against ACORN using Rove and Bush 's politicized DOJ .
Iglesias was fired because he could find no evidence of " voter fraud " perpetrated by ACORN in NM .
He chose not to prosecute them despite pressure from Rove , so he was canned .
C'mon , now Calfed .
Everyone with a pulse knows that .
Kind of a major thing to miss as it's the basis for the reoccurring ACORN attacks that led up to O'Keefe 's potentially illegal and definitely misleading sting .
You have now officially smothered your plausibility .
I think Lasagna 's onto you with " ... it makes me suspect it 's more important to them ( you ) to support / hold onto their narrative than to deeply examine the matter at hand . "
Right .
Your botched narrative is showing .
COMMENT #91 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 2/12/2010 @ 5:45 pm PT ...
Oh , and by the way Calfed - there 's plenty of hard evidence of potential ELECTION FRAUD perpetrated by Rove et al from the second illegitimate term of GW Bush ( see Brad 's lastest article on the Mike Connell story if you really care about government funded corruption ) - but I 'm guessing that does n't interest you at all .
FAKE VOTER FRAUD / FAKE CHILD PROSTITUTION CHARGES = intractable and vigilant witch hunt .
REAL ELECTION FRAUD resulting in the stealing of the highest office in the land and morphing our once great democratic republic into a Plutocracy = nothing to see here .
COMMENT # 92 [ Permalink ]
... Calfed said on 2/12/2010 @ 5:53 pm PT ...
Big Dan , I take it that your answer is no , you do n't have any evidence that O'Keefe claimed to have worn the pimp suit into the ACORN office and no , you can't prove that he did n't .
But , as I 've said , you want to keep talking about what O'Keefe wore in the ACORN Offices , because you DON'T want to talk about what the ACORN employees said during those visits .
Classic deflection .
But answer a simple question , were the ACORN employees wrong to offer advice to a couple who were ostensibly attempting to start a child prostitution ring ?
Advice that was designed to help them not get caught ?
COMMENT #93 [ Permalink ]
... Calfed said on 2/12/2010 @ 6:01 pm PT ...
REAL ELECTION FRAUD resulting in the stealing of the highest office in the land and morphing our once great democratic republic into a Plutocracy = nothing to see here .
- Jeannie
LOL …
Pay no attention to the assistance that ACORN workers provided to people who were ostensibly setting up a child prostitution ring … this is really a story about the 2000 Florida election results .
COMMENT # 94 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 2/12/2010 @ 7:50 pm PT ...
Brilliant point , Calfed !
And since I know your so concerned about prostitution and government corruption and all , why is it that Breitbart and BigGovernment.com has n't yet let their readers know about THIS case of worst ACORN corruption to date ?
https://bradblog.com/?p=7696
And where is YOUR fake outrage about it for that matter ?
COMMENT #95 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 2/12/2010 @ 7:58 pm PT ...
Calfed @ 84 I 'll say it again -- It 's interesting how people see different things .
For instance --
You say -- Further , the whole issue of what O’Keefe was wearing during these visits is a red herring .
You see a red herring .
I see a person possibly misrepresenting reality in order to create the ugliest possible narrative in order to incite public opinion .
Because it looks like I may be being lied to I am then skeptical of further claims made by this person .
You see no problem there .
2 . You do n't think the tapes were doctored .
You quote Harshbarger and ask a question -- “ We did not speak directly with those employees who were captured on video in part because we were satisfied there was no question that the visits occurred and the comments were made ”
It is right there in black and white — “ we were satisfied there was no question that the visits occurred and the comments were made ” .
Harshbarger does n’t dispute what was on the tapes , why do you or anyone else ?
For me you are committing the selective quoting that you earlier complained about because you left out that Harshbarger also says , " The unedited videos have never been made public .
The videos that have been released appear to have been edited , in some cases substantially , including the insertion of a substitute voiceover for significant portions of Mr. O'Keefe 's and Ms. Giles 's comments , which makes it difficult to determine the questions to which Acorn employees are responding . "
To me this says that the whole matter of who said what to whom is far from settled for Mr. Harshbarger as it is for me .
For you though it seems settled .
3 . You say -- Besides , I offered you the link to unedited audio and transcripts of the visits .
It is all right there on the Big Government website .
You chose not to listen .
So , until you have listened to the audio and transcripts , stop complaining about the “ heavily edited ” videos .
Well , I did go to your link .
I went there and I saw that Katherine Conway Russell was on one .
I had just watched her little video in Brad 's article so I clicked on O'Keefe 's version .
It appeared to me to be just as Harshbarger advertised with multiple edits and voiceovers making it impossible to determine what was being said in response to what .
At that point I decided not to watch more of O'Keefe 's videos because I am a mere mortal and there 's so much to do .
4 . You say -- Key directors of ACORN have a long history of unethical and illegal conduct , which has only come to light and been dealt with because of the activities of O’Keefe and other whistle blowers .
I might ask you — why do you defend that ?
I did n't know I was defending that .
I am not aware of this long history of which you speak .
I am aware of a long history of Republicans targeting Acorn because they legally register minority voters who tend to vote Democratic .
As far as I can tell that history does not exist for you .
5 . You say -- I ca n’t find the Katherine Conway Russell narrative that you refer to .
If you link it , I ’ll look at it .
I take it that she is an ACORN employee or former employee who makes claims about O’Keefe ’s visits .
Meh .
A story told after the fact to exonerate oneself is frequently not very persuasive .
But I ’ll look at it .
To me you again sound extremely biased .
I say this because you sound so dismissive right off the bat .
But thanks for looking at it .
It 's under Brad 's article -- ACORN CALLS NYT SR .
EDITOR'S EMAIL ON MISREPORTING O'KEEFE'S ' PIMP ' STORY 'TROUBLING AND DISTURBING ' 6 .
You say -- But again , Harshbarger has accepted what was shown on the tapes represents what occurred at the ACORN offices , so what does Russell ’s story really prove ?
As I said , Harshbarger does not seem to have accepted O'Keefe 's version of events .
Russell 's story is evidence that what Harshbarger suggests about manipulation may have in fact occurred .
7 . Finally you say -- As for David Iglesias , a man who was fired from his politically appointed job , I ca n’t see that his case has anything to do with O’Keefe .
Iglesias was fired years before O’Keefe ’s ACORN sting .
O’Keefe had nothing to do with Iglesias ’ firing .
There simply is no “ there ” there .
This one makes me not trust you .
A lot .
Iglesias was fired for not prosecuting Acorn .
I do n't know how to look at that as something other than the Republicans were / are very serious about attacking Acorn .
If you can't see a " there " there , I will miss talking with you .
I need to have some minimal agreements about observable reality .
Without that , sadly I 'm afraid I may have to withdraw from our discussion .
There is too much work to do .
I 'm willing to put in the effort , but you have to give me something to work with .
Always happy to be proven wrong in my fears here .
Whew ... that was a long one .
COMMENT #96 [ Permalink ]
... Calfed said on 2/12/2010 @ 9:14 pm PT ...
Well , David , let ’s just leave it at this then …
You claim that the “ whole matter of who said what to whom is far from settled for Mr. Harshbarger as it is for me . ”
The matter was settled enough for ACORN to fire the workers involved .
Why do you continue to defend conduct that ACORN itself refuses to defend and in fact , found so egregious that it fired the ACORN workers who engaged in it ?
The unedited audio and the written transcripts are there .
If it gives you a headache to listen , I guess I can understand that .
Finally , if you are unaware of ACORN ’s troubled past , read the Harshbarger report - the long history of embezzlement , cover ups and mis-management is there .
Then Google ACORN embezzlement .
COMMENT #97 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 2/12/2010 @ 11:09 pm PT ...
re comment # 96 -- Well no , Calfed , let 's not leave it at that .
1 . To me you seem to be conflating Acorn firing some employees who behaved inappropriately and unprofessionally with an admission of guilt to running a child prostitution ring , or something .
2 . I 'm not defending inappropriate , unprofessional behavior by a few employees .
I 'm defending an organization , a very big complex organization , involved in many activities aimed at improving the lot of poor minorities from a relentless attacks by Republicans and from you .
From everything I can tell this concerted , ongoing attack has nothing to do with voter fraud or child prostitution .
To me all the signs , the very same ones you refuse to acknowledge again and again , have everything to do with helping poor people register to vote .
3 . At your suggestion I checked out Harshbarger 's report more thoroughly .
( This is the same Harshbarger that you initially dismissed as basically a hired Acorn shill , but who now you repeatedly cite because you think he helps your narrative ) .
I did not read it all .
I did see mentioned the recently resolved longstanding embezzlement scandal of which I was unaware .
So thank you for that .
I also saw that it was Acorn who hired this guy Harshbarger who was giving them serious criticism and serious recommendations .
This says to me that Acorn is serious about doing their job better .
I also saw that Acorn is an enormous enterprise that really looks to be doing a lot of good work on behalf of the underpriviledged .
I did not see a long history of illegal activities .
I saw the one embarrassing embezzlement scandal .
I also saw that --" The released videos offer no evidence of a pattern of illegal conduct by Acorn employees . "
I also saw that --" there is no evidence that action , illegal or otherwise , was taken by any Acorn employee on behalf of the videographers . "
I also saw that no organizers or supervisory level employees were videoed .
I also saw that a couple of police reports were filed after O'Keefe visited a couple of the offices .
I also saw that in the videos Acorn and Acorn Housing were inaccurately blended into one .
4 . Most interesting at the bottom of one of the affidavits was a footnote from Harshbarger himself .
It seemed straight out of Harvey .
It said -- " David Lasagna .
Stop it .
Calfed is on a witchhunt .
He can't fully acknowledge your point of view or evidence .
He needs his narrative .
You will not unearth that need through these internet exchanges .
Get off the computer .
Rest your eyes . "
I always listen to pookas .
COMMENT #98 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 2/12/2010 @ 11:53 pm PT ...
re : my own comment # 97 2 .
Changed my mind .
I do want to defend the people who got fired .
More than anything else this whole affair stinks of a cheap , possibly illegal , entrapment scheme successfully pulled off by a couple of misguided , young knuckleheads .
For all I know Acorn fired who they fired with regret .
It 's not hard to imagine a few employees , possibly even good ones , making an error in judgment .
And it 's not hard to imagine that with the constant vilification and pillorying in the media Acorn regretfully felt they had no choice .
Sounds like they did n't break any laws .
They made errors in judgment .
" OFF WITH THEIR HEADS !!! " shouted the Red Queen .
COMMENT #99 [ Permalink ]
... Calfed said on 2/12/2010 @ 11:55 pm PT ...
" David Lasagna .
Stop it .
Calfed is on a witchhunt .
He can't fully acknowledge your point of view or evidence .
He needs his narrative " LOL -- I knew eventually you would make it personal .
I sensed that this was becoming more about your pathological need to have the last word than an " exchange of ideas "
COMMENT # 100 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 2/13/2010 @ 12:23 am PT ...
...10 points for quadruple irony , there , Cakefed with your getting in the last word about Lasagna having to get in the last word .
But barring more embarrassing and transparent obfuscations from you , Cakefed , I get the last word : "
LOL …
Pay no attention to the assistance that ACORN workers provided to people who were ostensibly setting up a child prostitution ring … this is really a story about the 2000 Florida election results . "
Nice try , Puckerwog , but I never even mentioned Florida in 2000 .
Not only that , but the indiscretions of several low level ACORN employees has been acknowledged ad nauseum / addressed AND rebuked by many of us in this thread , most succinctly above by David Lasagna , though once again - NOTHING THEY DID ON THOSE DOCTORED VIDEOS RESULTED IN ANY CRIMINAL WRONGDOING - the same can not be said of Mr. O'Keefe , now , can it ?
And * yawn * yes , we have also pointed out to you that no ACTUAL child prostitution ring ever existed .
See how you do ?
That Jedi mind trick shit might work on your less frequent thinkers from Tea - bag - Tatooine or where ever it is that you come from , but the grounded Earth rest of us who still read - can read between your not - so - subtle , pimp - disguised biases .
Cakefed , you 're a white , hot , ghetto mess of tortured logic and talking points .
Nice work .
You 're a colossal fail .
COMMENT # 101 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 2/13/2010 @ 10:28 am PT ...
Riding With Miss Jeannie @ 100
That was a thrill having you ride shotgun with me !
Dear Calfed @ 99 , Here 's where I 'm coming from --
As soon as you and I enter into dialogue it IS personal .
We enter into relationship .
Relationships can either be moving towards harmony or disharmony .
I feel I 've paid a lifetime 's worth of dues for being in imbalanced relationships .
Do n't have time for more .
Life 's too short .
I do not feel that you and I are operating from the same place of reciprocity .
For instance -- I acknowledged that I was wrong twice .
First about Harshbarger having seen all the videos and recently at discovering there was a long embezzlement scheme at Acorn of which I was unaware .
Correct me if I 'm wrong but besides acknowledging that you find some conservative pundits distasteful you 've acknowledged nothing to my point of view , interpretations , and evidence .
You 've repeatedly ignored the bulk of my questions .
You made a patently ridiculous claim that the David Iglesias business is completely unrelated to the O'Keefe story .
When this is pointed out to you by several people there is no acknowledgment .
You repeatedly exhibit ( what to me sure looks like ) bias towards Acorn by being dismissive of Harshbarger , Russell , and anybody else who says anything supportive of them .
But deny you have any bias except against child prostitution rings .
You seem to grant no possibility that any version of events besides O'Keefe 's , the one you have chosen to believe , has any merit .
Get ready cuz I 'm gonna get personal again .
After an extended back and forth with you , you have come to feel like a conversational tyrant .
You give nothing in acknowledgment of the POSSIBILITY of merit to anything I say .
You ignore much of what I say and ask .
You never acknowledge being wrong to any degree on any point ever .
This feels really shitty .
It feels like I 'm not being treated as an equal .
That my viewpoint is treated like it does n't exist .
Then you have the gall to bitch at me for getting personal when I poke fun at you .
I exist .
My points of view have been arrived at after much study .
They have merit .
I am open to a joint pursuit of harmony through the landscape of differing opinions and realities .
But from where I 'm sitting , here in front of this computer screen , you do not appear ready for the give and take that harmony requires .
That 's what this feels like to me .
That 's what makes sense to me .
To me our whole conversation has been very personal .
All of the exchanges here are personal .
And yes , I probably do often have a need to get in the last word if the previous last word feels like a shit sandwich .
I do n't know if I 'd call it pathological .
But I 'll think about that .
COMMENT # 102 [ Permalink ]
... Jackie Rose said on 2/16/2010 @ 11:13 am PT ...
The ‘ just war tradition ’
jus ad bellum
jus in bello
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
The moral standards of the IDF
A view of international law
An ethical doctrine for combating terrorists
Journal of Military Ethics
The need to warn noncombatants
The New York Review of Books
Understanding proportionality
Comparing Gaza to Iraq
Investigations
Prof. Asa Kasher , the LauraSchwarz - Kipp Professor Emeritus of Professional Ethics and Philosophyof Practice and Professor Emeritus of Philosophy at Tel AvivUniversity , is co-author of the Israel Defense Forces Code of Ethics , “ The Spirit of the IDF : Values and Basic Principles , ” 1994 .
The article was written in conjunction with the Global Law Forum sponsored by the Legacy Heritage Fund .
Jerusalem Center for Public Affairs / Institute of Contemporary Affairs , Jerusalem Issue Brief , Vol. 9 , No. 18a. www.jcpa.org
We in Israel are in a key position in the development of the customary international law of war because we are on the front lines in the fight against terrorism .
The more often Western states apply principles that originated in Israel to their own non-traditional conflicts in places like Afghanistan and Iraq , the greater the chance these principles have of becoming a valuable part of international law .
On December 27 , 2008 , after sustaining eight years of rocket attacks , Israel launched a military operation against Hamas in Gaza .
How are we to evaluate the Israeli incursion from a moral and ethical perspective ?
As in any moral evaluation of a war , we must begin by distinguishing the “ Why ? ” from the “ How ? ” “ Just war ” theory distinguishes betweenand– between the moral justification for war and the moral justification for actions taken during a war .
The decision to wage a war or to embark on a military operation is made by a government , by politicians .
The implementation of that decision in the field , however , or the “ How ? , ” is determined by the military echelon .
Generally speaking , a government is not to blame for the behavior of soldiers , and soldiers should not be blamed for the decisions made by the political class .
To ask “ Why ? ” is to invoke several principles that belong to the “ just war tradition .
” The first is the right of self - defense .
From an external point of view , from the perspective of the relationships between states , a state has the right to defend itself against attack .
From the internal point of view , namely from the perspective of the relationship between a state and its citizens , a government has the duty to defend its citizens .
A state must protect its citizens from acts of violence because it must preserve the conditions that enable it to exist ; foremost among them is the preservation of the lives of its citizens .
A democratic state is therefore under an obligation to defend its citizens ’ lives .
Thus the state has a right vis -à - vis the enemy and a duty vis -à - vis its citizens .
This is the distinction between a state ’s right of self - defense , which relates to what is beyond its confines , and a state ’s obligation of self - defense , which relates to what is within its confines .
Both are applicable in our case , since beginning in 2001 more than 10,000 Kassam rockets and mortar shells were launched from Gaza into Israel , endangering the lives of the citizens under attack .
Second is the principle of last resort , which dictates that if a dispute can be solved without resort to military force and inflicting casualties , then the parties are obligated to do so .
The use of military force is justified , in other words , only if all other alternatives have been exhausted .
Here , too , Israel is presumably in the right , for rather than launching an offensive immediately after the first Kassam rocket struck Sderot , the country waited eight years , during which it pursued other solutions , both military and political .
Israel ’s long abstention from any large - scale military response in the face of this aggression presumably meets the principle of last resort .
Third , the probability of victory principle dictates that a military operation may be launched only if it has a reasonable chance of achieving its aims .
Such operations may not be initiated merely as a symbolic gesture of bravery .
If there is no chance of victory , the use of military force is mere bloodshed .
Yet here we must distinguish between classical wars like World War II and the Six Day War , in which victory meant the elimination of a military threat , and asymmetric counterterrorism or counterinsurgency warfare against a non-state entity , like the type Israel faces against the terrorist militias of Hizbullah and Hamas .
In the latter cases , victory means significantly improving the security situation in the South by damaging the enemy ’s armaments infrastructure and crippling its ability to carry out terrorist activities .
Here again , last year ’s incursion into Gaza met the pertinent condition .
In inquiring into the moral standards of a military force – which is not the same as addressing the standards of an individual – three independent questions come to the fore .
One concerns the basic values on which the military force acts and the code of ethics according to which it behaves .
A second level concerns the translation of such values into practice by means of doctrines , regulations and rules of engagement .
Values are abstract , doctrines are more concrete , while rules of engagement are quite concrete .
Finally , there is the question that relates to the behavior of the troops on the battlefield .
As specified in a document called “ The Spirit of the IDF , ” the values of the Israel Defense Forces , much like the values of the American and British forces , are impeccable .
For example , there is the basic value of protecting the human dignity of every human being , even the most vile terrorist .
How do we protect the human dignity of a terrorist ?
By considering whether to kill him or capture him or leave him alone .
An additional , uniquely Israeli value is that of the sanctity of human life , both of our troops , our citizens , and other human beings .
It appears in an explicit form in no other military code of ethics .
The military code also enshrines a fundamental value known as “ purity of arms , ” which actually means the purity of the usage of arms .
Soldiers may use force only for accomplishing their mission , and nothing more .
Anything you do with your gun which is not defending the citizens by accomplishing your specific mission is deemed immoral .
In my view , no military code of ethics is morally superior to the code of ethics of the IDF .
We turn now to that part of international law that concerns warfare .
This was elaborated in the 17th century by the Dutch legal theorist Hugo Grotius , on the foundations of a very long philosophical and theological tradition – the “ just war tradition . ”
Later it took the form of the Hague Conventions and the Geneva Conventions .
Strictly speaking , international law does not apply to the situation Israel faced in Gaza .
Its provisions were intended to guide a military conflict between armies with clear chains of command in which all the troops wear uniforms , bear arms openly , and are responsible to the civil government of a certain state .
Terrorist militias like Hamas , however , are not guided by a state .
Hamas acts from a territorywhich is a political entity , the Palestinian Authority , but which is not a state .
Moreover , Palestinian terrorists , deliberately and constantly , blur the distinction between combatants and noncombatants , both among the Palestinian population and among the Israelis they target .
The classical assumption of mutual observance of the norms of warfare never holds in the war on terrorism .
How then can international law meant for classical warfare apply to nontraditional wars ?
One way is by means of creative interpretations of international law .
The problems with such an approach , however , are immediately apparent .
Whose interpretation prevails ?
The interpretation of the Supreme Court of Israel ?
The US Supreme Court ?
The Marine Corps ’ Judge Advocate Division ?
Somebody within the United Nations ?
Israel should take a different approach , for it is interested in extending international law , rather than replacing present provisions by other ones .
Extending international law entails creating new principles in the spirit of the “ just war tradition ” by attending to fundamental principles , and not merely reinterpreting a certain clause in a certain convention .
As it happens , Maj. - Gen. Amos Yadlin and I , as a first step in such a direction , put forward a document that offers an ethical doctrine for combating terrorists .
This document was published in thein 2005 .
Here are some elements of it .
Usually , the duty to minimize casualties among combatants during combat is last on the list of priorities .
We firmly reject such a conception .
In Israel , a combatant is a citizen in uniform ; quite often , he is a conscript or on reserve duty .
His state ought to have a compelling reason for jeopardizing his life .
The fact that persons involved in terrorism are depicted as noncombatants and that they reside and act in the vicinity of persons not involved in terrorism is not a reason for jeopardizing the combatant ’s life more than is required under combat conditions .
What we need instead of the crude and now impractical distinction familiar from the case of regular wars is a scale of involvement in terrorist activity :
There are people who are directly involved , those who are indirectly involved , and those who are not involved at all .
The second two categories may never be targeted .
An operation may only target those who are directly involved , i.e. , only if they play a significant role in creating an otherwise unavoidable danger .
So our doctrine allows targeted killing when it is necessary to stop a certain operation against the citizens of Israel and when the role played by the target is crucial to the operation .
This is not a form of punishment .
The only body that can impose punishment is the court .
Targeted killing is meant only to stop an ongoing act of terrorism .
Nor is such killing a form of deterrence .
Killing for the sake of deterrence is something akin to terrorism .
According to our doctrine , it is impermissible to kill for deterrent purposes alone .
Israel killed Hamas leaders Sheikh Ahmed Yassin and Abdel Aziz Rantisi , for instance , not to achieve a deterrent effect , but because they posed a significant threat to Israeli lives .
Deterrence has been an ensuing byproduct .
Our doctrine also draws a distinction between three standards of conduct to guide a soldier in any military action : ( a ) a standard he should follow when facing a group comprising enemy combatants and no one else ; ( b ) a standard he should follow when facing a group of enemy noncombatants who are not participating in the fighting and are not in proximity to enemy combatants ; and ( c ) a standard he should follow when facing a mixed group of combatants and noncombatants .
The Gaza operation mostly took place under conditions that required the application of the third standard of conduct .
In the third situation , “ just war tradition ” theory posits the “ double effect ” principle .
According to this principle , when we are seeking a goal that is morally justified in and of itself , then it is also morally justified to achieve it , even if this may lead to undesirable consequences – on the condition that the undesirable consequences are unavoidable and unintentional , and that an effort was made to minimize their negative effects .
Our doctrine mandates that whenever possible , you must warn noncombatants that they are residents of a neighborhood where it is dangerous to stay .
The responsibility for minimizing injury to noncombatants entails the responsibility to separate them from terrorists and to remove them from the area of combat .
In Gaza , the IDF employed a variety of effective efforts meant to minimize collateral damage , including widely distributed warning leaflets , more than 150,000 warning phone calls to terrorists ’ neighbors , and non-lethal warning fire ( the so - called “ knock on the roof ” ) – unprecedented efforts in every respect .
Writing in , Avishai Margalit and Michael Walzer attacked our doctrine on the grounds that such warnings are not enough .
“ In such cases , ” they wrote , “ some civilians never leave , despite repeated warnings – because they are old and sick , or because they are caring for relatives who are old and sick , or because they are afraid that their homes will be looted , or because they have no place to go .
” Now under such circumstances , should Israel send in troops to find out whether there are noncombatants in addition to the terrorists or not ?
Our doctrine says Israel was not required to send in troops because the mixture of terrorists and noncombatants is a mixture not under our moral responsibility in a territory over which we do not have effective control , as in Gaza .
In a state of effective control , the responsibility for distinguishing between terrorists and noncombatants is placed upon Israel ’s shoulders .
We do have effective control over Tel Aviv , Jerusalem , the Golan Heights and many other places , so there we do jeopardize the lives of police when necessary to prevent criminal acts without harming the neighbors .
That is their duty .
But there is no army in the world that will endanger its soldiers to avoid hitting the well - warned neighbors of an enemy or terrorist .
When Israel does not have effective control over a territory , the moral responsibility for distinguishing between terrorists and noncombatants is not placed upon its shoulders .
Gaza was not under our effective control .
Therefore , one does not have to jeopardize the lives of the troops in such circumstances just for that sake .
If you look at noncombatants in a territory where one does not have effective control and have already issued a series of warnings that are known to have been effective , then the lives of the troops come first .
In sum , Israel should favor the lives of its own soldiers over the lives of the well - warned neighbors of a terrorist when it is operating in a territory that it does not effectively control , because in such territories it does not bear moral responsibility for properly separating between dangerous individuals and harmless ones , beyond warning them in an effective way .
The sick can wave white flags ; their relatives can do it , too .
The person who is afraid his home would be looted does not create by his odd behavior a reason for jeopardizing soldiers ’ lives .
The person who does not know where to go is a myth .
A word about proportionality .
Many critics of the Gaza operation charged that , since very few people were killed by rocket attacks on Israel ’s population , while many people were killed by the Israeli response , this response was disproportionate and , therefore , contrary to international law .
However , the way the term “ proportionality ” has been employed in public discourse is usually wrong .
First , the number of Israeli casualties is not a reliable measure of the threat posed by enemy rockets .
A Grad rocket hit a Beersheba classroom on December 31 , 2008 ; had the missile hit the school when classes were in session , dozens of schoolchildren would have been killed .
Luck does not diminish the threat posed by an attack .
Proportionality is not a numerical comparison , but an assessment of justifiability of the collateral damage made by the military advantage gained .
An example :
At the beginning of the Gaza campaign , a police headquarters was hit because so - called policemen were part of the Hamas security forces and some of them were suicide bombers and others were firing rockets .
They were not innocent people involved in traffic control .
They were part of a Hamas security force that acted like a reserve unit , and during military warfare you are permitted to hit reserve units that are going to enter the battlefield .
The portrayal of those people as if they were all innocent policemen is misleading .
Even if some of them were innocent , attacking them was utterly justified by the military advantage gained .
( We assume that warning these innocent individuals would have been futile . )
Were some soldiers trigger - happy in Gaza ?
Perhaps .
But was there a policy of trigger - happiness ?
On the basis of two kinds of indirect evidence , we can say that there was not .
First , if there had been a policy of trigger - happiness , there would have been many thousands of Palestinian casualties .
Second , if there had been a policy of trigger - happiness , then the distribution of men , women , and children among the casualties would have closely resembled their distribution in the population .
But that is not the case .
The vast majority of casualties in Gaza were men ; women and children comprised about a sixth of the casualties .
Compare the Gaza operation to Operation Phantom Fury , which the US Marines launched in Fallujah , Iraq , in late 2004 .
Many of Fallujah ’s 350,000 residents fled the city before the operation , leaving an estimated 3,000 insurgents behind .
During the operation , about 6,000 Iraqis including 1,200 - 2,000 insurgents were killed .
Of the city ’s 50,000 buildings , about 10,000 were destroyed , including 60 mosques , each of which was used to store substantial quantities of armaments and munitions .
Even according to Palestinian figures , which are unreliable , 1,400 Palestinians were killed in the Gaza operation .
Thus , the United States left a trail of destruction in Fallujah that was far greater than anything Israel inflicted on Gaza .
So there is no basis to claim that Israeli conduct of anti-terrorist warfare is less restrained than that of other enlightened states .
We compare Operation Phantom Fury and Operation Cast Lead not to use the results to cast a shadow on the former or to praise the latter .
We compare the operations because the way democratic states conduct their military activities is what should interest us , rather than some creative and often hostile interpretation of the conventions , as a step toward instituting customary international law .
Customary international law accrues through an historic process .
If states are involved in a certain type of military activity against other states , militias , and the like , and if all of them act quite similarly to each other , then there is a chance that it will become customary international law .
We in Israel are in a key position in the development of law in this field because we are on the front lines in the fight against terrorism .
I am not optimistic enough to assume that the world will soon acknowledge Israel ’s lead in developing customary international law .
My hope is that our doctrine , give or take some amendments , will in this fashion be incorporated into customary international law in order to regulate warfare and limit its calamities .
When claims are made with respect to IDF conduct during the Gaza operation , no matter by whom , the IDF should investigate them , even if they appear to be fabricated .
A commander may not ignore allegations about his troops ; this is required professionally , ethically and morally .
The IDF is a serious organization , interested in improving its activity on all levels – professional , military , legal , moral and ethical .
All military actions carried out during the Gaza operation should undergo a professional , thorough and detailed investigation , just like any other non-routine and complicated professional operation .
The IDF has an obligation to investigate itself just as any other professional organization would .
This standard applies to a physician after an operation , an engineer after completing a bridge , and a commander after military activities .
If some troops are suspected of breaching the law , then let the Military Police investigate .
Indeed , there are significantly many ongoing investigations .
Nothing more is required .
MOUNT CLEMENS , Mich. , Jan. 12 ( UPI ) -- A Michigan company announced the release of software Tuesday that introduces new punctuation to the typed word :
The sarcasm mark .
Sarcasm Inc. of Washington Township said the SarcMark , which resembles an open circle with a dot in the center , can be installed on computers via a program that can be downloaded from sarcmark.com for $ 1.99 .
Advertisement
The company said it has versions of the program for several computer systems as well as BlackBerry devices .
" Statements have the period .
Questions have the question mark .
Exclamations have the exclamation mark .
When you see the newest punctuation mark for sarcasm , you 'll know the writer of that sentence does n't literally mean what they 're writing ; they 're being sarcastic , " the company said in a release .
Jupiter 's four major moons , discovered by Galileo 401 years ago now , are fascinating studies in contrast .
Heat from tidal forces have shaped the inner two moons , giving Io active volcanoes and probably providing Europa with ice - covered oceans .
The furthest of the four , Callisto , appears to have frozen as it formed .
The remaining moon , Ganymede , was a bit of a mystery .
Like Callisto , it appears to be a mixture of rock and water , with a big difference : on Ganymede , the water appears to have melted , allowing the rock to sink to the core , and then froze up again .
Two scientists from the Southwest Research Institute now think they know why : Ganymede was hit so hard by asteroids and comets during the solar system 's early history that it underwent runaway melting .
Given the fact that Callisto and Ganymede have such similar densities ( they differ by about 0.1 grams per cubic centimeter ) , scientists have long assumed that they share similar compositions , primarily a mixture of rock and ice .
Callisto's surface is much like our Moon's , dominated by impact craters , and with little sign of geologic activity .
Ganymede 's could n't be more different , with obvious rocky and icy areas , and many surface grooves that indicate the moon has been extensively remodeled .
The tidal forces that shape the inner moons are driven by the constantly shifting gravitational pulls of Jupiter and the outer moons .
But Ganymede is far enough out that these forces are significantly weaker .
Although it 's possible to model a composition where it would partly melt and Callisto would n't , the conditions where this would occur are very precise , and these models do n't do a good job of explaining why it seems to have melted only once in its history .
The authors of the new paper focus on a period early in our Solar System 's history called the Late Heavy Bombardment .
The record of impacts on the Moon suggest that gravitational disturbances sent about 1.6 x 1022g of material into its surface , equally divided between comets and asteroids .
That implies the disruption of a planetesimal disk that contained about 20 times the Earth 's mass , most likely via gravitational interactions with the gas giants .
Obviously , a gravity well like Jupiter 's would attract a significant number of these bodies .
More significantly , the planet would focus their trajectories such that the closer the moon to Jupiter , the more impacts it would receive .
According to the authors , the Late Heavy Bombardment would strike Ganymede with about 80 times the mass than Callisto was hit with .
They estimate that the total energy imparted to Ganymede could be up to 1036erg , enough to melt its ice five times over and allow all of the rocky material to sink to the core .
Obviously , however , all of this energy did not arrive at once , and not all of it was converted to melting its ice .
So the authors built a model of impact - driven melting and core formation .
In the model , impacts create a spherical melted area below the surface , allowing the rock in that region to plunge through to the bottom of the melt .
The impact of these rocks on the bottom releases further heat , which can set off what they call " runaway differentiation " — the complete melting of the moon 's ice and formation of a rocky core .
The neat thing about this model is that , to have this process melt Ganymede , there had to be a minimal amount of mass involved in the Late Heavy Bombardment .
For it not to have done the same to Callisto , the Bombardment could n't have been too large .
Combined ( and given a few assumptions about the density of the asteroids and comets that were involved ) , and the two moons set upper and lower limits on the material that created the Late Heavy Bombardment .
That number turns out to be somewhere between six and 23 times the mass of Earth .
That nicely encompasses the mass estimated by examination of the craters on the Moon , which is precisely what we like to see when we 're doing science : two pieces of evidence , derived from different data and using different assumptions , that point in the same direction .
The fact that we also like to think about big things going boom is just an added bonus .
Nature Geoscience , 2009 .
DOI : 10.1038 / NGEO746
Javascript enabled .
To view this film , you will require Adobe Flash 9 or higher and must have Duration 30sec
Release Date 1974
Sponsor Central Office of Information for Home Office
Text version of this film “ Polish a floor , put a rug on it , and you might as well set a man trap … ”
Like many of the featured public information films , ‘ The Fatal Floor ’ is an amusing short that could easily feature in a comedy sketch show .
Yet recent findings suggest there may be a need to remake another ‘ The Fatal Floor ’ for the 21st century .
Findings released in 2004 showed that certain fashion trends had become more dangerous to the wellbeing of the nation than criminals or disease .
The Royal Society for the Prevention of Accidents reported that the number of victims falling foul of parquet floors or polished floorboards risen by 400 per cent from 2,900 in 1998 to 12,300 in 2003 .
Copyright and access
GRAZ , Austria —
A straight couple in Austria this month launch their bid to have a same - sex marriage .
" Registered partnerships " have been available to gays and lesbians in Austria since Jan. 1 thanks to a law passed Nov. 17 , following a lengthy tug - of - war within the left - right coalition government .
The partnerships have significant differences from marriages under Austrian law , some of which make them attractive to opposite - sex couples .
In debate over the law , the center - right Austrian People 's Party insisted that same - sex couples not be allowed to use a hyphenated name , adopt children , have the right to fertility treatment or have a registry office ceremony .
While both partnerships and marriages include key benefits such as tax breaks and access to social welfare , gay and lesbian rights campaign group LAMBDA says there are more than 72 differences in total between the two statuses .
Nevertheless , the new partnerships represent " progress , " said Helmut Graupner , the Vienna - based lawyer leading the case on behalf of the opposite - sex couple , who are from Linz .
" But if you introduce a new legal institution at the beginning of the 21st century then you can't make distinctions on the basis of gender . "
" What the legislators did was to discriminate against same - sex couples wanting to get married as well as discriminate against opposite - sex couples , by not letting them form registered partnerships , " Graupner added .
" You can't be a little bit equal , just as you can't be a little bit dead or a little bit pregnant . "
France 's version of " marriage light " known as a " pacte civil de solidarite , " or PACS , has been available to couples regardless of their gender since 1999 and has proved very popular .
Of the 140,000 PACS formed in 2008 , 92 percent were between couples with partners of different sexes .
" The couple I am representing have been together for 20 years and their children have already grown up , " Graupner said .
" They are not interested in adopting children or in medically - assisted pro-creation , " which are areas where registered partnerships offer fewer rights than traditional marriage .
What has proved attractive to the couple , whose identity is so far being kept secret , is having a more " modern " form of partnership where divorce proceedings would be less time - consuming and alimony payments lower , Graupner said .
When both partners do not agree to divorce Austrian law currently allows the objecting partner to block separation for up to six years , one of the longest periods of all European jurisdictions .
Registered partnerships halve this period .
" If you do n't agree to a divorce within a traditional Austrian marriage then you have to go to court and prove whose fault it is that the marriage went wrong , " said Kurt Krickler of HOSI , a gay and lesbian advocacy group .
" People end up hiring private detectives to prove a betrayal they can use to prove their partner 's ' guilt ' in court . "
And , instead of the mutual fidelity required by traditional marriage , Austrian registered partnerships only require a " mutual relationship of comprehensive trust , " which Graupner said means the partners must only agree to be open and trustful toward one another .
There is no chance that the opposite - sex couple involved in the case will be able to register their partnership any time soon .
They will first have to wait to have their application formally rejected and then challenge the law in the Constitutional Court , which could mean a wait of up to a year .
The next stop would be the European Court of Human Rights ( ECHR ) in Strasbourg .
It would be 2015 before the ECHR could hear the case , Graupner said .
It has previously rejected similar cases lodged against other EU member states , but " by that point there should be many more countries with full civil marriages open to same - sex couples and full sexual equality . "
But Krickler is doubtful the case will succeed at either stage , saying equality is more likely to be achieved in Austria by the election of a less conservative government .
A successful court battle could backfire , he said , with equality being delivered by saddling same - sex couples with the same strict divorce laws as in a traditional marriage .
For the moment Krickler is prepared to accept the status quo , " Everybody was surprised that the conservative party agreed to such a far - reaching piece of legislation . "
He was particularly pleased that registered partnerships allow non-EU citizens to gain the right to live and work in Austria when immigration is such a touchy subject for the right .
There has , so far , only been a trickle of same - sex couples registering their partnerships .
" There is not much reason to do it unless you 've got a partner from a third - party country , " Krickler said .
But he expects the numbers to grow a little as the weather becomes more conducive to celebration .
The US Trade Representative — who has been negotiating the secret Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement without input from the American people or Congress — is seeking public submissions on how to conduct US foreign copyright policy .
This means that Americans can file comments with the USTR asking for ACTA to be made public
Under the Special 301 process the U.S.T.R. seeks input from U.S. copyright , trademark , and patent owners about whether policies and practices in foreign countries deny them adequate IP protection .
The process has generally been used by IP holders to complain not only about lax enforcement in other countries , but also about limitations and exceptions in their laws that are beneficial to libraries , to education , to innovation , and to the public interest generally .
The ability to comment in the Special 301 process is not limited to IP owners only .
Any member of the public is free to file comments .
If you believe in the importance of balanced copyright policies , file comments with the USTR and make your voice heard .
Comments can be filed electronically via http://www.regulations.gov, docket number USTR - 2010 - 0003 .
You have to include the term " 2010 Special 301 Review " in the " Type Comment and Upload File " field .
More information about the Special 301 process is available here .
Deadline for filing is February 16 by 5 p.m .
Light training before you start serious training is anti-catabolic Japanese and Australian sports scientists have discovered a training method that protects the muscles against the damaging effects of heavy training sessions .
They have written about it in the Journal of Science and Medicine in Sport .
By doing a very , very light training two days before an intensive training , you will have less muscle damage after the heavy training .
Study
The researchers experimented with inexperienced students and got them to train their biceps using dumbbells .
The students used a weight that was forty percent of their maximal weight .
This varied from 8 to 13 kg .
The students did 6 sets of 5 reps and they trained eccentrically .
Each downwards movement took 4 seconds .
Eccentric training of this intensity for people who have never touched a dumbbell results in muscle pain and considerable muscle damage .
Recovery takes two weeks .
Another group of students did exactly the same , but two days before the training they did an identical session with dumbbells a tenth of the maximal weight .
The load / stress is so mild that the session cannot cause muscle damage .
[ The 10 - 40 group . ]
Results
After the serious training , the researchers measured how long it took for the students to get their maximal strength back again .
The figure below shows this – it should be clear which line represents which group .
Muscle pain and swelling in your biceps after an intensive training means it 's more difficult to stretch your arms .
The students that had done the light training session before the heavy one recovered their ability to stretch the arm more quickly .
An important indicator of muscle damage is the concentration of the enzyme creatine kinase .
Below you can see how the concentration of this enzyme developed in the two different groups .
A similar curve emerged when the researchers asked their test subjects to estimate the amount of muscle pain they had each day .
The ones who had done a light training first had half the amount of muscle pain compared with the test subjects in the other group .
Mechanism
The researchers have dug up a couple of theories from the literature which might explain the quicker recovery of the 10 - 40 group .
One theory is that the light training causes the muscle cells to produce protective proteins that help the muscle cells to recover more rapidly after the heavy training .
Another theory is more specific , and claims that the light training causes an increase of the production of the enzyme haem - oxygenase - 1 in the muscle cells .
This enzyme protects the cell against free radicals that arise during serious exertion .
[ Erm ...
Is n't the gene for HO - 1 also upregulated by curcumin ? ]
Conclusion
However the mechanism works , the principle of doing a light but anti-catabolic pre-training is really interesting for those who do strength sports .
Not only because it can protect them against muscle pain , but also because it might be a way of accelerating their muscle build - up .
Sources :
J Sci Med Sport. 2008 Jun;11( 3):291-8 .
More :
Watermelon prevents sore muscles 03.04.2014
Two grams ginger reduces muscle soreness by a quarter 19.06.2010
Black tea reduces muscle soreness after training 20.03.2010
Archives :
Resistance Training
Muscle groups work harder during a set if your mind focusses on them
Sports scientists at the University of South Carolina Upstate discovered a very simple method that enables bodybuilders to isolate muscles during their reps .
Massage after strength training : less muscle pain , less muscle damage
A simple sports massage after an intensive weight - training session reduces muscle soreness and probably also reduces damage to the muscle cells .
Working out ?
You 're at your strongest early in the evening
The best time for strength training is around six o'clock in the evening , according to a study done at the French Laboratoire INSERM .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
The BMW Sauber team has announced its new management structure following the purchase of the squad by Peter Sauber at the end of last year .
Sauber himself is now the new president of the board of directors and will lead the Hinwil - based outfit as team principal .
Monisha Kaltenborn , who had previously held the post of head of legal affairs since 1998 , will be the team 's new managing director in Hinwil .
Sauber 's son
Alex will now be responsible for the team 's marketing activities .
The 36 - year - old has worked in Swiss professional football for the last two years with Neue Grasshopper Fussball AG .
Technical Director Willy Rampf will be responsible for the engineering side of the team , while Urs Jampen returns to the post of finance director after 18 months away .
Jurg Flach has been named director of operations with overall responsibility for production .
" Formula 1 is constantly changing , " said Sauber .
" This division of responsibilities not only meets the demands of the sport , but also freshens things up within the company .
I will keep myself informed on all important developments , but will leave operational matters to the management in Hinwil . "
There are n’t very many games today that , graphically , give one goose bumps .
While movies like James Cameron ’s Avatar or Peter Jackson ‘s Lord of the Rings have graphical effects that appear absolutely real , many wonder if games will ever achieve that level of detail .
Now get ready for Project Offset .
This little - known development team , owned by Intel , is building a game engine that may make you believe that the richness of reality in the virtual world is not so far away .
Videos posted on their website ( see Resources ) show a variety of graphics engine experiments .
You will find video footage that ranges from the detailed facial expressions of an ogre to a meteor shower blasting through ancient stone pillars .
Compared to contemporary movie CG , Offset ’s footage does n’t look all that impressive at first .
But considering that these animated graphics were rendered in real time by a dynamic game engine , unlike animated frames that undergo lengthy rendering processes in a motion picture , the short clips are jaw - dropping .
The Offset engine is n’t the only one in the race to develop a visually rich real - time game graphics engine , but they ’re the newest on the scene .
Companies like CryTek , Epic , and ID Software have all been doing this for years , working steadily toward the photorealistic holy grail .
Offset sets itself apart by accomplishing the most difficult lighting , shading , and graphics effects in very simple fashion .
Their video clips show artists pulling together 3D elements like a jigsaw puzzle , making movie - level CG look as easy as following a recipe .
Offset has yet to officially announce a game title , but we are excited by the implications they bring to the virtual world .
Last week we introduced the new Appcall feature in IDA Pro 5.6 .
Today we will talk a little about how it ’s implemented and describe some of the uses of Appcall in various scenarios .
How Appcall works
Given a function with a correct prototype , the Appcall mechanism works like this :
Save the current thread context Serialize the parameters ( we do not allocate memory for the parameters , we use the debuggee ’s stack )
Modify the input registers in question
Set the instruction pointer to the beginning of the function to be called Adjust the return address so it points to a special area where we have a breakpoint ( we refer to it as control breakpoint )
Resume the program and wait until we get an exception or the control breakpoint ( inserted in the previous step )
Deserialize back the input ( only for parameters passed by reference ) and save the return value
In the case of a manual Appcall , the debugger module will do all but the last two steps , thus giving you a chance to debug interactively the function in question .
When you encounter the control breakpoint :
you can issue the CleanupAppcall ( ) IDC command to restore the previously saved thread context and resume your debugging session .
Using the debuggee functions
Sometimes it is useful to call certain functions from inside your debuggee ’s context :
Functions that you identified as cryptographic functions : encrypt / decrypt /hashing functions
Explicitly call not - so - popular functions : instead of waiting the program to call a certain function , simply call it directly
Change the program logic : by calling certain debuggee functions it is possible to change the logic and the internal state of the program
Extend your program : since Appcall can be used inside the condition expression of a conditional breakpoint , it is possible to extend applications that way
Fuzzing applications : easily fuzz your program on a function level
…
Let ’s take a program that contains a decryption routine that we want to use :
In IDC , you can do something like :
auto s_in = " SomeEncryptedBuffer " , s_out = strfill ( SizeOfBuffer ) ; decrypt_buffer ( &s_in , &s_out , SizeOfBuffer ) ;
Or in Python :
# Explicitly create the buffer as a byref object s_in = Appcall.byref ( " SomeEncryptedBuffer " ) # Buffers are always returned byref s_out = Appcall.buffer ( " " , SizeOfBuffer ) # Call the debuggee Appcall.decrypt_buffer(s_in , s_out , SizeOfBuffer ) #
Print the result print " decrypted= " , s_out.value
Function level fuzzing
Instead of generating input strings and passing them to the application as command line arguments , input files , etc…it is also possible to test the application on a function level using Appcall .
It is sufficient to find the functions we want to test , give them appropriate prototypes and Appcall each one of these functions with the desired set of ( malformed ) input .
def fuzz_func1 ( ) : " " " Finds functions with one parameter that take a string buffer and tries to see if one of these functions will crash if a malformed input was passed " " " # prepare functions search criteria tps = [ ' LPCWSTR ' , ' LPCSTR ' , ' char *' , ' const char *' , ' wchar_t *'] tpsf = [ 1 , 0 , 0 , 0 , 1 ] pat = r'\ (( %s ) \s*\w*\ ) ' % " | " .join ( tps ) .
replace ('*' , r'\*') # set Appcall options old_opt = Appcall.set_appcall_options( Appcall.APPCALL_DEBEV )
# Enumerate all functions for x in Functions ( ) : # Get the type string t = GetType(x ) if not t : continue #
Try to parse its declaration t = re.search ( pat , t ) if not t : continue # Check if the parameter is a unicode string or not is_unicode = tpsf[ tps.index(t.group ( 1 ) ) ]
#
Form the input string : here we can generate mutated input # and keep on looping until our input pool for this function is exhausted .
#
For demonstration purposes only one string is passed to the Appcalled functions s = " A " * 1000 # Do the Appcall but protect it with try / catch to receive the exceptions try : # Create the buffer appropriately if is_unicode : buf = Appcall.unicode(s ) else : buf = Appcall.buffer(s ) print " %x : calling . unicode= %d " % ( x , is_unicode ) # Call the function in question r = Appcall [x ] ( buf ) except OSError , e : exc_code = idaapi.as_uint32(e.args [ 0 ].code ) print " %X : Exception %X occurred @ %X. Info : <%s >
" % ( x , exc_code , e.args [ 0 ] .ea , e.args [ 0 ] .info ) # stop the test break except Exception , e : print " %x : Appcall failed ! " % x break # Restore Appcall options Appcall.set_appcall_options(old_opt )
It is important to enable the APPCALL_DEBEV Appcall option in order to retrieve the last exception that occurred during the Appcall .
Injecting Libraries in the Debuggee
To inject libraries in the debuggee simply Appcall LoadLibrary ( ) :
loadlib = Appcall.proto(" kernel32_LoadLibraryA " , " int __stdcall loadlib ( const char * fn ) ; " ) hmod = loadlib ( " dll_to_inject.dll " )
Set / Get the last error
To retrieve the last error value we can either parse it manually from the TIB or Appcall the GetLastError ( ) API :
getlasterror = Appcall.proto(" kernel32_GetLastError " , " DWORD __stdcall GetLastError ( ) ; " ) print " lasterror= " , getlasterror ( )
Similarly we can do the same to set the last error code value :
setlasterror = Appcall.proto(" kernel32_SetLastError " , " void __stdcall SetLastError ( int dwErrCode ) ; " ) setlasterror ( 5 )
Retrieving the command line value
To retrieve the command line of your program we can either parse it from the PEB or Appcall the GetCommandLineA ( )
API :
getcmdline = Appcall.proto(" kernel32_GetCommandLineA " , " const char * __stdcall getcmdline ( ) ; " ) print " command line : " , getcmdline ( )
Setting / Resetting events
Sometimes the debugged program may deadlock while waiting on a semaphore or an event .
You can manually release the semaphore or signal the event .
Killing a thread is possible too :
releasesem = Appcall.proto(" kernel32_ReleaseSemaphore " , " BOOL __stdcall ReleaseSemaphore ( HANDLE hSemaphore , LONG lReleaseCount , LPLONG lpPreviousCount ) ; " ) resetevent = Appcall.proto(" kernel32_SetEvent " , " BOOL __stdcall SetEvent ( HANDLE hEvent ) ; " ) termthread = Appcall.proto(" kernel32_TerminateThread " , " BOOL __stdcall TerminateThread ( HANDLE hThread , DWORD dwExitCode ) ; " )
Change the debuggee ’s virtual memory configuration
It is possible to change a memory page ’s protection .
In the following example we will change the PE header page protection to execute / read / write ( normally it is read - only ) :
virtprot = Appcall.proto(" kernel32_VirtualProtect " , " BOOL __stdcall VirtualProtect ( LPVOID addr , DWORD sz , DWORD newprot , PDWORD oldprot ) ; " ) r = virtprot ( 0x400000 , 0x1000 , Appcall.Consts.PAGE_EXECUTE_READWRITE , Appcall.byref(0 ) ) ; print " VirtualProtect returned : " , r RefreshDebuggerMemory ( )
And if you need to allocate a new memory page :
virtalloc = Appcall.proto(" kernel32_VirtualAlloc " , " int __stdcall VirtualAlloc ( int addr , SIZE_T sz , DWORD alloctype , DWORD protect ) ; " ) m = virtualalloc( 0 , Appcall .Consts.MEM_COMMIT , 0x1000 , Appcall.Consts.PAGE_EXECUTE_READWRITE ) RefreshDebuggerMemory ( )
Load a library and call an exported function
With Appcall it is also possible to load a library , resolve a function address and call it .
Let us illustrate with an example :
def get_appdata ( ) : hshell32 = loadlib ( " shell32.dll " ) if hshell32 == 0 : print " failed to load shell 32.dll " return False print " %x : shell32 loaded " % hshell32 # make sure to refresh the debugger memory after loading a new library RefreshDebuggerMemory ( ) # resolve the function address p = getprocaddr ( hshell32 , " SHGetSpecialFolderPathA " ) if p == 0 : print " shell32.SHGetSpecialFolderPathA( ) not found ! " return False # create a prototype shgetspecialfolder = Appcall.proto(p , " BOOL SHGetSpecialFolderPath ( HWND hwndOwner , LPSTR lpszPath , int nFolder , BOOL fCreate ) ; " ) print " %x : SHGetSpecialFolderPath ( ) resolved ... " # create a buffer buf = Appcall.buffer ( " \x00 " * 260 ) # CSIDL_APPDATA = 0x1A if not shgetspecialfolder ( 0 , buf , 0x1A , 0 ) : print " SHGetSpecialFolderPath ( ) failed ! " else : print " AppData Path : > %s < " % Appcall.cstr(buf.value ) return True
Closing words
Appcall has a variety of applications , hopefully it will be handy while solving your day to day reversing problems .
For your convenience , please download this script containing the prototypes of the API functions used in this blog entry .
Please send your suggestions / questions to [ email protected ]
From The Ritz - Carlton , New Orleans to the Hilton New Orleans Riverside , these Hotels for Groups in New Orleans are all used to catering for large groups of travelers .
These New Orleans hotels for groups , including the Hyatt Regency New Orleans , are all close to Louis Armstrong New Orleans International Airport .
The Ritz - Carlton , New Orleans First [… ]
The first to have a heart attack was George Kull Jr. , 56 , a millwright who worked for three decades at the steel mills in Lackawanna , N.Y .
Three weeks after learning that his plant was closing , he suddenly collapsed at home .
Less than two hours later , he was pronounced dead .
A few weeks after that , a co-worker , Bob Smith , 42 , a forklift operator with four young children , started having chest pains .
He learned at the doctor ’s office that he was having a heart attack .
Surgeons inserted three stents , saving his life .
Less than a month later , Don Turner , 55 , a crane operator who had started at the mills as a teenager , was found by his wife , Darlene , slumped on a love seat , stricken by a fatal heart attack .
It is impossible to say exactly why these men , all in relatively good health , had heart attacks within weeks of one another .
But interviews with friends and relatives of Mr. Kull and Mr. Turner , and with Mr. Smith , suggest that the trauma of losing their jobs might have played a role .
as simple as A -> B -> C
So , almost two months ago I issued a challenge to Ben to implement a silly spec of a problem I had recently been playing around with .
The response and the knowledge I got out of this has been tremendous .
Kevin Berridge wrote an implementation .
Josh Schramm started his own fork .
Ben , my co-blogger , wrote his own implementation .
Heath Borders wrote an implementation and then gave a fantastic presentation on his solution , which sparked a lot of discussion amongst some very smart folks at our office .
I first implemented this in Haskell .
It took me a shade under 2 hours and came in at 100 lines of code even .
Prodding from the peanut gallery on twitter eventually led me to cut even that number by 25 lines .
To my eye , the solution that I came up was eminently readable , flexible , and precisely solved the problem with no bloat .
What amazed me more , was that this was my first try at the problem .
I ’ve produced code I fell in love with on more than one occasion and in more than one language , but never on the first try .
Something about Haskell made turning thoughts and words into working software immensely easy .
I think it is Haskell ’s type declarations .
Originally , before anybody else had written their implementations , I conceived of this challenge as a way of showing how cool and natural and easy it is to go from a series of type declarations to a fully working program .
This was my thought process while writing my Haskell RPS :
The two basic datatypes are Player , which is a container type for a name , and Throw of which there are Rock , Paper and Scissors specializations .
Everything else comes from that .
A Haskell type declaration looks like this :
A -> B -> C
This declaration describes a function that takes a type A , a type B and returns a type C .
If you want to display a message to the user ?
Haskell has a type signature for that :
String -> IO ()
The IO ( ) part is a peculiarity of Haskell ’s purity .
It basically says that nothing is returned , that ’s the ( ) part , but that input and output have been performed , that ’s the IO part .
Now , say you want to read that string back into an object your program can use ?
( Read a ) => String -> a
This signature says that given a String , the function will return a type that implements the Read typeclass .
Read is most like a Java interface , but the function implementing this type declaration would utilize it using techniques more akin to Java generics .
Those two functions can then be combined into a function that takes a prompt string and returns an object :
( Read a ) => String -> IO a
What the above signature says is that , given a string , this function will perform IO and return any type that implements Read .
Exactly which type that is depends on the context the function is used in .
That the same function depending on how it is used can return any conforming datatype , is the true power of generics and type inference .
This signature really encompasses the first couple of lines of the spec .
By implementing the Read typeclass for Player and Throw , we can now prompt the user and get back Player and Throw objects that we can then go on to do processing with .
Being able to prompt and read in responses gets us halfway through the spec .
Halfway !
What ’s left is to define when a player has won and to play the game until that situation occurs .
There are a couple of ways you could choose to determine a winner , but my type signature would look like this :
( Player , Integer ) -> ( Player , Integer ) -> Maybe Player
Which says that given a tuple for each player and their score , you may or may not be able to return a winner .
The cool part is that the “ may not ” part is the same type as the “ may ” part , which makes handling each case super - explicit and easy to follow .
With how to win the game in place , finally , it is time to implement the overall game .
Here ’s the signature I came up with :
WinLogic -> ( Player , [ Throw ] ) ->
( Player , [ Throw ] ) ->
Player
I called the operation of determining a winner WinLogic .
This says that if you can pass in a WinLogic object and a tuple of each player and all of their throws , then you can finally return a winning player .
You ’re thinking , wait , how can you pass in all of a player ’s throws if they wo n’t have given them to you until the game ’s over ?
Well , that ’s where Haskell ’s lazy evaluation makes things easy , but it ’s really no more magic than passing an Iterator object in Java .
With a few extra flourishes , the Haskell implementation is done .
This is the post that I had written in my mind when I first issued my co-blogger the Rock Paper Scissors challenge .
Of course , what happened after made things a bit messier , and there ’s some other interesting lessons to learn from everybody else ’s efforts , so I ’ll cover some of the ensuing happenings in later posts .
In a follow - up to , FRONTLINE is examining the rapid growth of contract maintenance in the airline industry , as carriers outsource more of their work to third - party repair stations , domestically and abroad .
If you work in the MRO industry and would like to share your experience and insights , please contact us at : MRO@frontline.org
Welcome to 3@1 Fourways
3@1 Fourways is owned by Tania & Peter Edwards and opened its doors in September 2005 in the Leaping Frog Shopping Centre with the intention of supplying a business solution service to businesses and public in the surrounding area .
We have 4 full time competent staff on board to assist with your needs .
Machinery / Hardware
We operate with Océ and Konica Minolta black & white and colour copiers .
We have 2 Canon wide format printers supported by a Seiko Teriostar wide format scanner / printer .
Fax sending / receiving is done on 2 Brother fax machines .
We also have a KW - trio ream cutter , and a KW - trio A0 rotary trimmer , 2 A2 laminators , a Fellowes comb binding machine and a Fellowes wire binding machine .
The latest Case - Shiller numbers have been disappointing , but they 're a few months behind the curve , so it 's hard to tell , exactly , what 's going on right now .
But lesser - known measures , which attempt to track what 's going on right now indicate that the right now is n't so hot .
David Rosenberg pointed to a couple of them in an earlier note this week , showing price weakening in December .
And the latest Altos Research real time numbers do n't look good either , with their 1 - city composite falling 1 % sequentially in the last month of the year .
Granted , seasonal factors are at play , but given the sharp fall , a rebounding housing market could , possibly , overcome that .
So far it 's not happening .
Portsmouth 's troubled season took another dramatic twist last night when Balram Chainrai seized control of the club from Ali al - Faraj , making the Hong Kong businessman the fourth owner at Fratton Park this season , following Sacha Gaydamak , Sulaiman al - Fahim and Faraj .
Chainrai has taken over the 90 % shareholding in Portsmouth that was held by Faraj after becoming frustrated that the club had missed deadlines to repay money he was due for substantial loans he gave to them earlier this season .
Chainrai had loaned at least £ 17 m to Faraj to keep Portsmouth afloat through Portpin , the company he owns with his Israeli business partner , Levi Kushnir , and their associates .
Those loans were secured against the stadium , the club 's future television revenue and Faraj 's 90 % share .
Angered by Portsmouth 's failure to make repayments on the finance , despite Portpin continually extending the deadlines , Chainrai 's patience ran out yesterday , and he instructed his lawyers to act .
Under the terms of the loan Faraj 's 90 % shareholding in Portsmouth was frozen and passes to Chainrai .
It is understood Faraj may have to instigate court proceedings if he wishes to challenge the move .
Chainrai had expected to receive a sizeable repayment when the Premier League paid all of its 20 clubs a £ 7 m instalment of television revenue early last month .
Portsmouth's , though , was withheld by the governing body as the club 's dire financial predicament meant they had been unable to pay transfer monies due to English and European clubs .
A proportion of these were paid by the league using the television money .
Chainrai travelled to England last month but was unable to secure the repayments .
It is thought that he informed Mark Jacob , Portsmouth 's executive director , and Daniel Azougy , who oversee Portsmouth in Faraj 's continuing absence , of his disquiet then .
Speaking to the Guardian last night Chainrai said : " Portpin have made substantial loans to Portsmouth to try and ensure the club 's future .
Portpin will [ now ] continue to work for the best interests of the club . "
He hopes to appoint two new members to the Portsmouth board today and is intent on stabilising the finances before looking to attract investors .
Faraj turned to Chainrai for money after his takeover from Fahim , via his investment vehicle Falcondrone Limited , in early October .
The deal bought Faraj 90 % , while Fahim retained the remaining shareholding and became Portsmouth 's non-­executive chairman .
Faraj 's takeover , though , hit almost immediate difficulties .
Faraj and his associates struggled to source the finance to keep the club a going concern .
They turned to Chainrai who , through Portpin , provided the loans .
It is understood that Chainrai and his associates had continually sought a meeting with Faraj to discuss the issue of ­repayments .
But Faraj , a Saudi Arabian businessman , has never visited Portsmouth since he took over and Chainrai was unable to secure face - to - face talks .
Despite being Faraj 's lawyer Jacob has also admitted he has never met his client .
Chainrai was yesterday in London , where he held a series of meetings before overseeing the move to freeze Faraj 's holding in Portsmouth .
Portsmouth , who lost 1 - 0 at Fulham last night , have endured a financially stricken season which has included failing to pay their players on time on four occasions – once under Fahim 's ownership and on three occasions after Faraj took control .
Yesterday the club confirmed the players had finally received their January salaries , five days after last Friday 's due day .
Portsmouth are also fighting a winding - up petition served on the club by Her Majesty 's Revenue and Customs before Christmas , which will be heard in the high court on 10 February and could send the club into administration .
Portsmouth are due in court to appeal against the petition before the hearing next Wednesday .
Chainrai appealed to HMRC to understand the club 's financial predicament .
He said : " To help Portsmouth succeed we need the support and understanding of Her Majesty 's Revenue to work out a solution . "
Beyond Chainrai , who is said to share the concern of Portsmouth fans regarding the club 's direction , Gaydamak is also owed at least £ 28 m , of which a £ 9 m instalment due at midnight last Sunday was missed by Faraj .
Gaydamak has described himself as a soft creditor who is currently refusing to demand repayment , as that would almost certainly force Portsmouth into administration .
Chainrai , too , wishes to avoid that eventuality .
Last night Portsmouth declined to comment .
It is understood Gaydamak was unaware of Chainrai 's intervention .
In a move that will serve as a warning to corporations that aid governments in flagrant abuses of human rights , a federal judge in Manhattan has allowed a lawsuit to go forward against IBM , General Motors , Ford and other corporations over their roles in South Africa ’s three - decade - long apartheid policy .
In an order ( PDF ) filed last week , US District Judge Shira A. Scheindlin denied the companies ’ motion to consider de-certifying the lawsuit as a class action .
ADVERTISEMENT
Courthouse News reports :
The automakers are accused of providing armored military vehicles used to suppress marches and worker protests , and of assisting security forces tasked with identifying and torturing anti-apartheid leaders .
The judge also allowed claims against IBM to proceed , for providing the technology that allowed the South African government to carry out “ geographic segregation and denationalization , ” according to the plaintiffs .
Among the other defendants in the case is Daimler AG , the manufacturer of Mercedes cars and former owner of Chrysler .
The lawsuit was filed on behalf of the plaintiffs and “ all black South African citizens ” for the suffering they endured under the 1960 to 1994 apartheid regime .
The companies being sued had asked Judge Scheindlin to consider de-certifying the lawsuit ’s class - action status , which would have effectively ended the legal battle .
But the judge rejected that motion , and the lawsuit is expected to begin hearings on January 11 .
Judge Scheindlin last April struck down another motion from the companies , arguing that corporations are exempt from liability under the Alien Tort Claims Act , but that appeal was struck down as well .
ADVERTISEMENT
In that ruling , Judge Scheindlin said the large US - based corporations should be tried over claims they “ aided and abetted torture , extrajudicial killing and apartheid . ”
While the defending companies have been mostly quiet about the lawsuit , a GM spokesman said last spring that the company “ adamantly opposed apartheid . ”
Michael Hausfeld , one of the lawyers for the plaintiffs , said the lawsuit is particularly significant because “ it sets a new standard with regard to obligations concerning fundamental human rights abuses on a global level . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Last fall , the South African government reversed its position and decided to support the lawsuit .
The country ’s largest labor union joined the class - action as well , arguing that , because apartheid was meant to provide white Africans with a cheap labor pool , “ our members were thus among the worst affected . ”
Our award - winning approach to customer experience ( CX ) discovery is all about uncovering how the experiences of your customers affect your performance across all of your channels .
Our CX discovery process captures your expectations and then challenges them against the real - life experiences of your customers .
It uncovers the stages of your customers ’ journeys where they are faced with moments of despair or delight and identifies the solutions to help you transform their experience .
1 . What happens to my credit ?
Your credit will decline .
By how much depends on the original condition of your credit .
The credit decline occurs due to late payments and the " charge off " of enrolled accounts .
However , bankruptcy causes longer term credit damage .
Paying off debt via a settlement also decreases the debt - to - credit ratio , which according to Fair Isaac , founder of the FICO credit score , composes one third of the consumer credit score .
2 . What is the debt - to - credit ratio ?
The debt - to - credit ratio is a proportion of your credit and loan account balances to the accounts ' credit limits .
Lenders use this equation to determine if a borrower can qualify for more credit .
To calculate your debt - to - credit ratio , divide the balance of your total debt by your accounts ' total credit limit .
As an example , if your balance is $ 3,000 and your credit limit is $ 4,000 your debt - to - credit ratio is 75 % .
A debt - to - credit ratio of 30 % or better qualifies borrowers for loans with favorable interest rates .
However , borrowers that have a debt - to - credit ratio over 50 % are seen by lenders as a high credit risk .
If you have a high debt - to - credit ratio , the best way to improve your credit is to pay off , or pay down high credit balances .
Ideally , you should keep credit balances at or below 30 % .
3 . Is debt settlement LEGAL ?
Debt settlement is 100 % legal in most states .
You have the right to hire a professional debt negotiator to help you negotiate a settlement of your debt .
However , creditors and debt collectors depend on debtors ' ignorance of this powerful debt reduction procedure .
4 . How can I stop collection calls ?
Although you have a right to be treated fairly by a debt collector , there 's no sure way to completely stop the collection calls .
Debt collectors have a notoriety of violating consumer 's rights .
However , the Fair Debt Collections Practices Act ( FDCPA ) allows you to send out a cease and desist letter to require a third - party debt collector to stop calling you .
After receiving the letter , the debt collector may contact you one more time , but only to inform you of what , if any action they intend to take to collect the debt .
Note :
The cease and desist letter does not apply to the original creditor .
5 . How does debt settlement rival credit counseling ?
Credit counseling debt management plans are known to have a very low completion rate .
The main reason is that this debt consolidation approach targets the reduction of interest rates , which generally produces ineffective debt reduction for a debtor in a severe financial hardship .
In contrast , debt settlement can reduce the debt 's principal and interest , thereby allowing debtors to get out of debt in a much faster time .
6 . Can I negotiate with my creditors ?
Negotiating on your own can involve many frustrating hours and hostile , unproductive communication with debt collectors .
You may also not be able to reach the same success as a professional negotiator .
7 . Should I file for bankruptcy ?
You should consider bankruptcy as the last recourse .
A bankruptcy remains in public records for 20 years and on credit files for 10 years .
Filing bankruptcy can cause you to be turned down for credit and employment .
Changes in the bankruptcy law also made it more difficult to qualify for Chapter 7 , which allows you to discharge most debts .
The remaining option is a Chapter 13 debt repayment plan , which requires you to repay a portion of your debt .
The new law also extended the time to repay your debt from 3 to 5 years .
And if you miss a court - ordered payment , your case can be dismissed .
8 . What makes you different from other debt settlement companies ?
Many companies actually " retail " debt settlement services that they then outsource to third - party debt settlement service providers .
However , we are a professional debt settlement service provider with experienced in - house negotiators .
We also specialize and business and commercial debt settlement .
9 . What types of debt do you work with ?
We work with a variety of UNSECURED DEBTS , such as credit cards , medical accounts , collection accounts , personal loans , and business debts .
However , we can not accept SECURED DEBTS , such as mortgages , auto loans , loans for personal property that can be repossessed , IRS taxes , and student loans .
10 .
What is the Debt - to - Freedom Plan ?
The Debt - to - Freedom Plan is the name of our debt settlement program , which specializes in the settlement of unsecured personal debts , such as credit card accounts , medical debt , and business debt .
11 . How do I apply ?
Complete our online form or call 1-800 - 213-9968 for an immediate FREE consultation .
One of our debt advisers will assess your financial hardship to determine your eligibility for our program and assist you in completing an application for underwriting approval .
You will know if you 're approved within 24 hours .
12 . Do I have to include all of my debts ?
You may be eligible to exclude certain accounts .
However , for emergency purposes we recommend leaving out an account only if it has a low balance .
13 .
Do my ex-spouse 's debts show on my credit report and am I responsible for them ?
If you have joint accounts with your ex spouse , the debts may appear on your credit report .
Even if a divorce decree can prove your ex spouse is 100 % responsible to pay the accounts , you are still jointly responsible .
14 .
Do I have to pay taxes on the amount I save ?
The forgiving creditor must give you a 1099 - C tax form and you must report to the IRS for the forgiven or canceled portion of the debt that exceeds $ 600 as taxable income .
However , the IRS does not require you to report the forgiven debt if you were insolvent , meaning the amount of your debt was greater than your assets when the creditor forgave the debt .
15 . Will my personal information be sold or given to other parties ?
We respect your privacy and abide by all privacy laws .
Our confidentiality agreement also states that your personal information will not be released to ANYONE !
For most Americans , car ownership requires a lot more than plunking down payment and flooring it .
In fact , owning and operating a new vehicle in 2019 cost drivers an average of $ 9,282 annually , according to AAA .
And if you drive 15,000 miles or more a year in a pickup truck , for example , those average figures can skyrocket to over $ 10,800 .
But it ’s not all bad news .
With good driving habits , a little insurance know - how and a touch of DIY maintenance , you can put the top down and cruise your way to reduced annual costs .
Click through to find out how to own a car without coughing up a fortune .
Recent data shows the economic slump in the UK and Eurozone is accelerating to the downside at a rapid pace .
Let 's review a few articles supporting that view .
UK Business lending Falls At Record Pace
Angela Monaghan at the Telegraph reports Lending to British businesses falls at record pace
Lending to British businesses fell by £ 4.3bn in December , the Bank of England said on Thursday , in a further sign of banks ' persistent unwillingness to lend .
Net lending on an annual basis was down 8.1 pc . which was the weakest since comparable records began more than a decade ago .
Separate figures from the Bank showed the slowest annual growth in the M4 or broad money supply since February 2000 , with growth of 5.1 pc .
The growth in M4 lending was also at its lowest since December 1994 .
UK Mortgage Lending Drops 32 % To 10 Year Low
Total mortgage advances dropped by 32 per cent to £ 9.1 billion during the month , the lowest level since February 2000 , according to the Council of Mortgage Lenders ( CML ) .
This year 's drop was larger than usual , and had been caused by people buying lower - value properties rushing to push through their purchase before the stamp duty holiday ended at the beginning of this year .
Brian Murphy , head of lending at Mortgage Advice Bureau , said : " We should n't read too much into the January data , which is a result of both seasonal factors and December 's stamp duty holiday rush .
Fools Rush In
UK Budget Crisis Worse Than Greece
In surprise news which sent the pound sliding on Thursday , official figures showed that the Government borrowed £ 4.3 billion last month .
It was the first time since 1993 that the public finances had gone into the red in January – a month in which tax revenues usually push the Exchequer into the black .
Economists said that the scale of the shortfall in the budget could this year mount to above £ 180 billion – higher than even the Chancellor ’s forecast of a record £ 178 billion .
Such a deficit would , at 12.8 per cent of British gross domestic product , be even greater than the deficit faced in Greece , which is facing a full - scale fiscal crisis and may need to be bailed out by fellow euro nations or the International Monetary Fund .
The poor economic figures came as a major blow for the Chancellor , Alistair Darling , coming a month ahead of the Budget , which he had hoped would provide proof that the economy was finally on the mend .
Questions For Darling
European Credit Markets Flash Hot Warning Signal
European credit markets are flashing the most serious warnings signs in a year as the yields on risker bonds rise sharply and a string of companies cancel share flotations , raising fears that the recovery may falter in coming months .
Jitters over Chinese credit tightening and default risks in Greece and Dubai are causing bond vigilantes to batten down the hatches across the world , bringing the most dramatic credit rally for a century to a shuddering halt .
The Markit iTraxx Crossover index measuring yields on lower - grade debt has jumped by almost 130 basis points since mid-January to 514 , while the main index of investment grade bonds has jumped by a third to 93 .
" This is the biggest move since the financial crisis in early 2009 , said Gavan Nolan , Markit 's credit analyst .
" The index is a leading indicator so it is a warning signal . "
Dr Suki Mann , a credit specialist at Societe Generale , said stronger companies should weather any squall but concerns are mounting .
" The world has woken up to the real possibility of a double dip .
These are nervous times , " he said .
BusinessEurope , the EU - wide lobby , warned this week of a " very worrying situation " as it become harder to raise money at a viable cost , if at all .
The group called on the European Central Bank to send a " clear signal " about its collateral policy .
Fears of tougher ECB rules are a key factor causing market flight from Greek debt .
The sudden halt in bond issues is disturbing since companies have been relying on capital markets to raise money as an alternative to Europe 's fragile banks .
The ECB said on Tuesday that 42 pc of small businesses in the eurozone had reported worsening credit conditions in the second half of last year , despite the emergency stimulus of the authorities .
Conditions appear to be deteriorating .
Bank loans to companies contracted at an annual rate of 1.9 pc in November and 2.3 pc in December .
Consumer credit also fell .
The Bundesbank fears that disastrous earnings last year will cause scores of German companies to breach loan covenants , triggering a wave of downgrades that further damage German banks and potentially setting off a second wave of the credit crisis .
Party 's Over
UltiSnips :
The ultimate snippet solution for python enabled Vim .
script karma Rating 774/225 , Downloaded by 7398 Comments , bugs , improvements Vim wiki created by Holger Rapp script type utility description UltiSnips is the Ultimate solution for snippets under Vim .
https://github.com/sirver/ultisnips
Note : Since 2016 , the vim.org site for this plugin is not updated any more .
The plugin is still actively developed and maintained .
Please follow our repository for future releases and bug fixes : https://github.com/SirVer/ultisnips.
The master branch is always stable .
install details
See https://github.com/SirVer/ultisnips/blob/master/doc/UltiSnips.txt.
rate this script Life Changing Helpful Unfulfilling script versions ( upload new version ) Click on the package to download .
package script version date Vim version user release notes ultisnips - 3.2.tar.gz 3.2 2019-11-05 7.4 Holger Rapp Note : Please prefer following https://github.com/SirVer/ultisnips for future releases .
Master is always stable .
- This is the first release done again by @ SirVer .
And this is also posted on vim.org again . `¯\_ (ツ ) _/¯`
- This is the last version to support Python 2 .
- Syntax highlighting improvements : a new one for unite & tweaks to others .
- Support for transformations on multiple lines .
- Python interpolation got more powerful , for example tabstops can now be modified in python interpolation , you can access the last changed placeholder text and more .
- Support for deoplete .
- Snippet files are no longer watched for changes .
This increases performance , but also means that if you change your snippet files outside of Vim , UltiSnips will not know about it .
You need to run `: call UltiSnips # RefreshSnippets ( ) ` or restart Vim .
- Text objects for selecting snippets in visual mode : iS , aS UltiSnips - 3.1.tar.gz 3.1 2015-12-07 7.4 Holger Rapp Note : Last release for vim.org .
Please follow the https://github.com/SirVer/ultisnips for future releases .
Master is also always stable and a good choice .
- This is the last release done by @ SirVer .
The new maintainer of UltiSnips
is @seletskiy .
The repository remains https://github.com/SirVer/ultisnips,
so this should not affect any users .
This is also the last release to be
published on vim.org .
Please follow the master branch on GitHub for the
latest stable version .
- New option `e` : Context aware snippets .
This gives very precise and
powerful control over which snippet should be expanded depending on
surrounding code .
* UltiSnips - context - snippets *
- New option `m` : Trim whitespace in all snippet lines .
- Very powerful , freely configurable pre/post - expand and post - jump actions
allow for transforming the buffer outside the snippet .
* UltiSnips - snippet - actions *
- Automatic triggering of snippets without the need to press the expand
trigger .
* UltiSnips - autotrigger *
- Better error reporting for snippet errors including python stacktraces
and listing of executed code .
- Undo is more granular .
Each jump and expand is now a separate undo step .
- UltiSnips now emits autocommands on certain events .
* UltiSnips - custom - autocommands *
- clearsnippets now clears all snippets below the current priority .
This
fits better with the priority system introduced in 3.0 .
- snipMate snippets support can be disabled .
* UltiSnipsEnableSnipMate *
- UltiSnipsEditSplit got a new value ' context ' .
* UltiSnipsEditSplit *
- Improved syntax highlighting for snippets filetype .
- Mappings and autocommands are now only established when needed , i.e. when
a snippet is active .
This boosts performance outside of snippets .
- New integration with Unite , TagBar , and deoplete .
- New Ctags configuration file for snippet definitions .
- Bug fixes , performance improvements , code cleanups and refactorings .
- No longer supports Vim < 7.4 .
UltiSnips-3.0.tar.gz 3.0 2014-03-22 7.3 Holger Rapp - Organisational changes :
The project is now hosted on github .
Snippets are
now shipped separately - please track honza / vim - snippets .
- UltiSnips is now a drop in replacement for snipMate - it parses snipMate
snippets and expands them emulating snipMates smaller feature set .
- Filetype tab completion for UltiSnipsEdit .
- UltiSnipsEdit now only edits private snippet files .
Use UltiSnipsEdit ! if
you want to edit shipped files .
- New option 's ' which strips trailing whitespace before jumping to next
tabstop
- New option ' a ' which converts non-ascii characters into ascii characters
in transformations .
- New keyword in snippet files : priority defines which snippets should
overwrite others .
This deprecates the ' !' option .
* UltiSnips - adding - snippets *
- Remove common whitespace of visual line selections before inserting in an
indented tabstop .
- Support for overwriting the snippet directory name on a per buffer basis
to support per project snippets .
* UltiSnips - snippet - search - path *
- The keymaps for jumping in snippets are now only mapped when a snippet is
active , allowing them to be used for something else otherwise .
- Expanding and jumping no longer overwrites the unnamed register .
- Integration with Valloric / YouCompleteMe and Shougo/neocomplete.vim .
- Other plugins can add sources for snippets to create snippets on the fly .
* UltiSnips - extending *
- Vim functions now indicates if it did any work .
* UltiSnips - trigger - functions *
- For python extensions : UltiSnips adds itself to the sys.path and can be
easily imported if it is available .
* UltiSnips - python - module - path *
- A new function giving programmatic access to the snippets currently
available for expansion for other plugins integrating with UltiSnips .
* UltiSnips_SnippetsInCurrentScope *
- New or improved snippets ( now in a different repo ) : all , bib , c , cpp , cs ,
d , django , eruby , go , haskell , html , html , htmljinja , java , javascript ,
js , ledger , ocaml , perl , php , puppet , python , ruby , scss , sh , tex , vim ,
xml , zsh .
UltiSnips -2.2.tar.gz 2.2 2012-09-01 7.0 Holger Rapp Smaller
Bug fixes and improvements to shipped snippets .
- Support to silence Python - not - found warnings .
* UltiSnips - python - warning *
- Matchit support for snippet files .
- Improvements to syntax file .
- Various smaller bug fixes .
- New command to manually add a filetype to the list for the current
buffer .
*: UltiSnipsAddFiletypes *
- New or improved snippets : all , snippets , haskell , bindzone , python , golang ,
json , html , coffee , coffee_jasmine , javascript_jasmine , ruby , php ,
markdown .
UltiSnips -2.1.tar.gz 2.1 2012-02-14 7.0 Holger Rapp
This brings two small features related to $ {VISUAL} which was introduce in 2.0 : access to the content in python code via snip.v and transformations : $ {VISUAL /foo/bar/g} .
As expected , 2.0's new features introduced new bugs as , all known are fixed in 2.1 .
- Python interpolation access to text from visual selection via snip .v.
- Support for transformations of $ {VISUAL} texts .
- New or improved snippets : python , tex , texmath , ruby , rails , html , django UltiSnips -2.0.tar.gz 2.0 2012-02-05 7.0 Holger Rapp Significant rewrite with new features and less bugs .
It also has some minor backwards incompatible changes marked below .
- Backwards incompatible change : Support for normal mode editing .
Snippets
are no longer exited when leaving insert mode but only by leaving the
text span of the snippets .
This allows usage of normal mode commands and
autoformatting .
It also increases compatibility with other plugins .
- Backwards incompatible change : Changed glob patterns for snippets to
behave more like Vim * UltiSnips - adding - snippets *
- Backwards incompatible change : Zero Tabstop is no longer removed in
nested snippets
- Support for $ {VISUAL : default text} placeholder .
* UltiSnips - visual - placeholder *
- Improved handling of utf - 8 characters in files and snippet definitions .
- Full support for :py3 .
UltiSnips now works with python >= 2.6 or >= 3.2 .
- New or improved snippets : python , all
UltiSnips -1.6.tar.gz 1.6 2011-12-30 7.0 Holger Rapp
Bug fix release .
We also accept contributions on GitHub now ( main development stays on launchpad though ) : https://github.com/SirVer/ultisnips/
- Significant speed improvements and a few bugs fixed .
- Better handling of non ASCII chars in snippets by assuming UTF - 8 encoding
when no other information is available .
- Contributions for UltiSnips are now also accepted on GitHub : https://github.com/SirVer/ultisnips/
- New or improved snippets : ruby , rails , xhtml
UltiSnips -1.5.tar.gz 1.5 2011-09-24 7.0 Holger Rapp
This is mainly a bug - fix release .
Very little user visible changes .
- Some critical bug fixes for new vim versions .
- New or improved snippets : tex , texmath , python , jinja2 , go , puppet , xhtml
- Configuration of search path for snippets * UltiSnips - snippet - search - path *
- New parser implementation : A little faster , more flexible and less bugged .
UltiSnips -1.4.tar.gz 1.4 2011-07-17 7.0 Holger Rapp
This release packs a bunch of new features and a lot of bug fixes .
It also comes with new snippets and for the first time ever : windows support .
- New or improved snippets : php , html , djangohtml , mako , lua
- Snippets are now listed alphabetically by their trigger , no longer in
order of appearance
- Snippet files are now automatically reloaded when they change .
- Support for other directory names for snippets beside
" UltiSnips " * UltiSnips - snippet - search - path *
- Errors are now shown in a scratch window .
- Now fully supports Windows with python >= 2.6 . UltiSnips should now work
on all systems that Vim runs on .
- a syntax file was added for snippets files with nice highlighting .
- snippets definition files now have the filetype ' snippets ' .
It used to be
' snippet ' .
UltiSnips -1.3.tar.gz 1.3 2011-02-14 7.0 Holger Rapp UltiSnips is becoming a community project , the ChangeLog tells the story :
- Erlang snippets ( g0rdin )
- Other VimScripts can now define and immediately expand anonymous snippets
( * UltiSnips_Anon* ) ( Ryan Wooden )
- Other VimScripts can now define new snippets via a function
( * UltiSnips_AddSnippet* ) ( Ryan Wooden )
- New Snippets for eruby and rails ( Ches Martin ) .
- A new Option 't ' has been added to snippets that avoid expanding tabstops .
Be also more consistent with how indenting is handled .
( Ryan Wooden )
- Added a ftplugin script for . snippets files .
Syntax highlighting still
missing .
( Rupa Deadwyler )
- Added UltiSnipsReset and UltiSnipsEdit ( Idea by JCEB ) UltiSnips - 1.2.tar.gz 1.2 2010-08-24 7.0 Holger Rapp - many bugs were fixed
- smode mappings for printable characters are now removed before expanding a
snippet .
This is configurable .
* UltiSnips - warning - smappings *
- all shipped snippets are now fully compatible with UltiSnips
- added support for global snippets which enhance python interpolation even
more * UltiSnips - globals *
- added support for multi word and regular expression triggers .
Very
powerful in combination with python interpolation .
- Python interpolation became much more powerful * UltiSnips - python *
- added support for clearsnippets command * UltiSnips - clearing - snippets *
- added support for option w which is a little more strict than i .
- added support for listing of valid triggers .
Defaults to < c - tab >.
- added support for option i ( inword expansion )
- extends keyword is now supported on the first line of snippet files .
This makes it easy to
define special cases , for example cpp extends c : a cpp trigger is useless
in c , but a c trigger is valuable for cpp .
- UltiSnips now adheres to expandtab and tabstop options of vim UltiSnips - 1.1.tar.gz 1.1 2009-07-21 7.0 Holger Rapp Made triggers configurable .
You can also use the same trigger for expanding and tabbing .
The TextMate configuration < tab > and < s - tab > is now possible .
Conditional Inserts can now be nested
Added support for b option .
This only considers a snippet at the beginning of a line ( * UltiSnips - adding - snippets * )
Added support for !
option .
This overwrites previously defined snippets with the same tab trigger ( * UltiSnips - adding - snippets * )
Support for dotted filetype syntax .
Now snippets for more than one filetype can be active ( * UltiSnips - adding - snippets * )
Minor bug fixing .
UltiSnips -1.0.tar.gz 1.0 2009-07-16 7.0 Holger Rapp Initial upload ip used for rating : 176.9.113.70
Most of us will spend more than 120,000 hours in front of a computer over the coming 40 years .
Ouch .
Yet we rarely stop to think about what would change our days for the better .
Alan blogs about ways to enjoy work more .
And other stuff
premium_icon Social spotlight : The Dome Garden Party at Turf Club
Locals were pleased as punch with the opportunity to frock up and head trackside for some spring carnival racing action .
Aquis Park hosted a Garden Party in the Dome , sponsored by Gordon ’s Pink Gin .
The well - dressed crowd were treated to a delicious lunch in air - conditioned comfort .
If you missed out on attending , another Garden Party is being hosted at The Dome on 24th October .
See you there !
Photos by Sung Kim
Thom Yorke , still monopolizing our front page .
During a benefit show for the UK's Green Party last night at the Cambridge Corn Exchange , Yorke played three brand new , never - before - heard songs : " The Daily Mail " , " Give Up the Ghost " ( whoa ) , and " Mouse Dog Bird " .
Watch solid - sounding YouTubes of the tunes after the jump , via At Ease .
Yorke performed without his newly christened band Atoms for Peace , which is touring the U.S. in April .
Check out the night 's entire setlist -- which included the rarity " I Froze Up " , most of The Eraser , and some Radiohead faves -- at At Ease .
" Give Up the Ghost " :
" The Daily Mail " :
" Mouse Dog Bird " :
A generation in denial : Millions face retirement poverty because they 've remortgaged their homes and saved too little
Retirement blow : Many Britons approaching 65 have failed to save a decent pension .
( Posed by model )
Millions of people approaching retirement are being hit by a crippling combination of large mortgages and no savings .
Those aged between 55 and 64 , known as ' pre- retirees ' , have been unrealistic about their pensions and are living in a state of denial about their finances .
Many never look at their pension statements , simply filing them away every year , hoping they will have enough to pay for a good retirement - which most of them will not .
Pension experts warn against the widely held approach of using your house as your pension because few people actually want to move out when they get to retirement age .
In another blow to those approaching 65 , research reveals that even pensioners who have saved have been hit by a 70 per cent collapse in their retirement income in the past ten years .
A report by insurance giant Aviva found that one in four pre-retirees has a mortgage .
In a fifth of those cases , it is more than £ 75,000 .
The findings destroy the widely held assumption that a mortgage is a 25 - year loan which is paid off by your 55th birthday , or sooner .
Parents are remortgaging their home to give money to their children to help them on to the property ladder .
Others use their house as a ' cash machine ' , taking out money to put into a business , fund a better lifestyle or pay off debt .
The Aviva poll of more than 1,200 people warns that retirement is no longer the ' golden years ' , but ' a worrying time of financial and social change ' .
The study found that 40 per cent of pre-retirees are not saving any money into the likes of a bank account or a tax - free Individual Savings Account .
They have average savings , excluding pensions , of only £ 8,600 - a sum which would almost disappear in the event of a common emergency , such as needing a new boiler or a car .
In the past , a typical pre-retiree would have had no mortgage , more savings and would have retired by the age of 65 .
Separate research yesterday highlighted the nightmare facing pensioners who have been saving all their lives - with little to show for it .
The monthly income from their pension , known as an annuity , has collapsed by more than 70 per cent over the past decade , according to financial information company Moneyfacts .
Spokesman Richard Eagling said : ' The situation facing retirees today appears ever more bleak . '
He used the example of a 65 - year - old saving £ 100 a month for 20 years into a personal pension .
If he had retired in January 2000 , his pension pot would have been worth £ 103,914 and his annuity would have paid out just under £ 9,000 a year .
Ten years later , a man of the same age who had saved the same amount of money for the same amount of time would have a pot of just £ 40,749 and an annual income of £ 2,542 .
Mr Eagling warned pensioners : ' The next decade could be just as disappointing . '
To get the same income as the man who had retired a decade earlier , the man retiring today would have needed to save £ 355 a month .
The figures are based on a man buying the most common type of annuity , which is not inflation - proofed and leaves no benefits to his wife if he dies first .
The two research reports make a mockery of the myth that older people are debt - free and enjoying themselves with extra cash to spend on holidays , eating out and other treats .
The Aviva research found there is ' a growing disparity ' between the haves and have - nots , with some pre-retirees enjoying the good life - although they are in a minority .
It found 18 per cent have savings of more than £ 100,000 after a lifetime of hard work or good fortune after inheriting money from relatives , or both .
Clive Bolton , a director at Aviva Life , said the research painted a ' worrying ' picture of people approaching retirement who cannot afford to stop working .
Record numbers of elderly people are working , with this number set to climb .
At present , 1.4 million people over state pension age - 60 for women and 65 for men - have jobs .
Last year , a record number of pensioners were plunged into insolvency , with the number of ' penniless pensioners ' rising faster than any other age group - up 44 per cent .
In 2008 , 4,816 pensioners were declared insolvent .
Last year , the number ballooned to 6,952 , and it is expected to reach 8,000 this year .
In an extra blow to pensioners , more than 70 leaders of social care throughout England have warned that the Government ’s plans to provide free home care under its Personal Care at Home Bill , are flawed , unfunded and will force cuts to current services .
The councillors from all three major parties and every geographical region described Gordon Brown 's key electoral pledge as ill - conceived and likely to put considerable pressure on the social services system .
' We fully support the principle of providing additional support to those with the most critical care needs .
What we cannot support , however , is a piece of legislation that has major weaknesses and which risks adding further strain to an existing system already under considerable financial pressure , ' the wrote , in a letter to The Times .
The Prime Minister has recently been accused of introducing the Bill as a ' back - of - the envelope ' piece of electioneering , underestimating both its cost and how many people would use it .
The annual cost of the Bill is put at £ 670 million , which ministers say will allow 400,000 people with the highest needs to stay in their own homes .
Of this total , £ 420 million is to come from existing Department of Health budgets , with local authorities told that they must provide the remaining £ 250 million from efficiency savings .
Local authorities , which are already facing multimillion - pound annual efficiency savings , say that it will require each social care provider to find a further £ 3 million to £ 10 million .
It is understood that the Treasury also has private concerns about how the Bill would be paid for .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Police in Hong Kong have arrested a man suspected of carrying out an acid attack that injured 30 people .
The man was detained after being spotted on a rooftop near the scene of Saturday 's attack on a night market in the Kowloon area , a spokesman said .
Nine tourists and a seven - year - old were among those treated in hospital .
More than 100 people have been injured since December 2008 in similar attacks in which bottles of acid were dropped from buildings in a pedestrian zone .
The man arrested over the latest incident was found hiding on a roof near Temple Street night market in Yau Ma Tei , with lids that fitted the bottles thrown , a police spokesman said .
It is not known yet whether the suspect has been linked to other attacks Police have not said whether the man , who was described as being Chinese and in his 30s , is suspected of involvement in other attacks .
Hong Kong leader Donald Tsang condemned Saturday 's attack as " an outrageous and heart - breaking incident " .
He said the authorities were offering a reward of HK $ 300,000 ( $ 39,000 ; £ 24,000 ) for information on the case .
Until now , the police have had little success in finding what is thought to be a lone perpetrator , the BBC's Angharad Law in Hong Kong says .
In December , six people were injured when a bottle of acid was thrown down a street in Causeway Bay , a shopping hub which was packed with people celebrating the Hong Kong football team 's victory over Japan in the East Asian Games final .
Three other attacks have taken place in Mong Kok , a densely populated shopping area near the scene of the latest incident .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
If you are looking for a natural process for repairing the scars and skin regeneration , there is an excellent method available today in the form of Titanium Derma Roller Medical Micro Needling Therapy .
Derma Roller therapy is ideal for both skin regeneration and scar repair .
Unlike laser treatments and medium and deep chemical peels , you will have to be prepared for longer recovery period and associated down time .
Titanium derma roller therapy does not use any foreign substances in the treatment as it triggers the natural process that helps the body to regenerate itself .
This is one of the safest therapies .
However this therapy has be given only by well trained and experienced aesthetic medical practitioners .
Maximum effectiveness of the therapy can be realized only by an experienced therapist .
If you have been avoiding laser treatments and chemical peels because you have a darker skin shade , then you will not have to worry now .
Titanium derma roller therapy is ideal for you even in the summer months .
Moreover , the cost of titanium derma roller medical micro needling therapy will just be a fraction of the overall cost .
Above all , it has a very minimal downtime .
In case of other resurfacing techniques , even the healthy epidermis is removed and this increases the downtime .
Titanium derma roller medical micro-needling therapy creates several tiny puncture wounds to the dermis .
This results in the production of new collagen and elastin as the body uses natural means to repair the punctures created .
Here the healing time is amazingly fast .
Uses of Derma Rollers
You can make use of titanium derma roller therapy for reducing acne scars , regeneration of face , neck , décolleté , back of the hands , stretch mark removal on thighs and tummies , etc .
When compared to the other resurfacing methods , titanium derma roller is suitable for all types of skins ; it does not cause any skin damage and no risk of permanent skin discolouration .
Above all it is the safest method available and one of the cheapest method as well .
This also an ideal method for those who are looking for a painless method .
If you are a very busy person who cannot afford to take long breaks for recovery , then titanium derma roller therapy is meant or you .
Today may people prefer titanium derma roller therapy because they can see great results as short as one week though the process continues internally for a number of months after the therapy .
With out without therapy , human skin regenerates itself every 40 days and when it is stimulated further through micro needling , amazing results are produced .
One of the best things about titanium derma roller medical micro needling is that after the initial therapy further maintenance needling can be performed by you at home for continued maintenance .
However it is very important that you learn exactly how to use the derma roller effectively for your skin type from a trained professional .
The CosMedocs Verdict :
This is a great device if used for the right client .
Almost everyone can benefit fit from it but if you have active acne , dull , pigmented skin among other skin conditions then they should be looked at first .
Death of a Salesdog
I do n't say he 's a great dog .
Ringo never made a lot of money .
His name was never in the paper .
He 's not the finest character that ever lived .
But he 's a canine being , and a terrible thing is happening to him .
So attention must be paid .
He 's not to be allowed to fall in his grave like an old human .
Attention , attention must finally be paid to such an animal .
We got a great response to last week 's frequently asked questions about Google Wave , and decided it 's worth expanding further on the differences between Wave and the current crop of web - based collaboration offerings .
Advertisement
Frequently Asked Questions About Google Wave The Google Wave Preview has been available to one million + people for over three months now , but …
Read more
Wave combines features from email , instant messenger , Google Docs , wikis , and forums and throws its own spin on things .
For a quick visual of its offerings versus similar tools , check out this feature - by - feature comparison table .
Advertisement
( Click the image below for a closer look . )
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
You 'll notice that Wave does n't have a green yes in every cell in its column ; it 's still missing functionality that 's holding it back from being a viable alternative in a production environment — specifically , user permissions ( everyone can edit everything ) and the ability to export a wave or publish it so that anyone can see its contents ( not just folks logged into Wave ) .
This table is slated to go into chapter 1 of the first edition of The Complete Guide to Google Wave , so give me a shout if you 've got ideas for how to polish it up before we rev up the printers .
Advertisement
We 've updated the chart to reflect Google Docs ' revision control features , previously mislabeled as a " No " .
Google Wave Versus the Rest , Feature by Feature [ Smarterware ]
Smarterware is Lifehacker editor emeritus Gina Trapani's new home away from ' hacker .
To get all of the latest from Smarterware , be sure to subscribe to the Smarterware RSS feed .
For more , check out Gina 's weekly Smarterware feature here on Lifehacker .
This you ??
What 's the point of phishing a Twitter account ?
Posted by Sean @ 15:12 GMT
We 've received some questions regarding recent phishing attacks conducted against Twitter.com .
Tweets and Direct Messages ( DM ) containing phases such as " This you ? ? " or " LOL is this you " are linking victims towards a Twitter login phishing page .
If the bait is taken and victim enters their password , Twitter 's infamous " fail whale " is displayed and the user is returned to their account .
They might not even realize that their account details have been compromised .
Phishing attacks directed against Twitter are not new .
But what 's the point ?
Trust .
Peers within a social network have a greater level of trust amongst themselves .
And so why the recent attacks ?
We think it could have something to do with some of the recent search engine deals that have been made .
Yahoo announced that they 'll begin to include Twitter 's real - time feed into their search results and Facebook is now included in Google 's search results .
The bad guys can use social networking trust to enhance their SEO attacks .
Lets take a current hot topic as an example .
There are several Twitter results in the image below .
Note : Always be careful when searching for hot topics .
This " sea world trainer killed " example is currently being used in SEO attacks and many results will lead directly to scamware .
There 's also a Facebook result in the example above .
We expect to see fresh phishing attacks against Facebook before too long .
Twitter 's Safety and Spam feeds are useful to follow if you have a Twitter account .
Twitter 's working on the issue now by prompting those that received phishing messages to change their password .
There is a silver lining to all of this …
While social networking trust can be abused , social networks themselves are incredibly responsive to emerging threats .
Check out the latest search results for " This you ? ? " .
Twitter users are already spreading information to counter the dis-information pushed by the bad guys .
It used to take weeks to stamp out e-mail hoaxes .
Now , the issue almost corrects itself as quickly as it is abused .
Show full PR text
Redpark Offers Serial Cable Reference Design for iPhone and iPod Touch
Emeryville , CA ( PRWEB ) February 11 , 2009 -- Redpark Product Development announced today its Serial Cable Reference Design for OEM use with the iPhone and iPod touch .
The cable has been approved by Apple as a reference design .
The serial cable makes it possible to connect an iPhone or iPod Touch to serial devices such as medical or scientific instrumentation , point of sale devices , industrial process control equipment , networking devices , and building automation equipment .
The cable enables the attached device to communicate with an application running on the iPhone .
" Redpark is in the business of connecting the iPhone , iPod touch and the iPad to other devices , " explained president Mike Ridenhour .
" While the iPhone can currently communicate with certain devices via WiFi or Bluetooth -- there are numerous applications that require a wired connection .
We work with device manufacturers and with iPhone application developers to build specific connectivity solutions . "
i Phone serial cable concepts - DB9 and RJ11
The cable can be customized to meet the needs of a given application .
The firmware , connector type , and cable length can be revised as required .
To help customers accelerate development and time to market , Redpark provides the technology under license or will manufacture custom serial cables .
* Redpark expects that the reference design will be suitable for use with the recently announced iPad .
Testing with an iPad has not yet occurred .
About Redpark
Redpark Product Development provides engineering services to companies in the consumer electronics industry .
Areas of focus include iPod integration and iPhone app accessory development .
The Redpark Serial Cable Reference Design is the initial iPhone accessory reference design developed by Redpark .
Additional reference designs are planned .
EDITOR CONTACT
Mike Ridenhour , Redpark Product Development , 510-594-1034 x102 , mike@redpark.com
Bill Gram - Reefer , WORLDVIEW , 925-301-4688 , reefer@worldviewpr.com
Dr. A. , whose pale eyes and sharp nose and traces of gray hair are all very becoming –he is certainly the most attractive in the Math department , very likely the most attractive at Tech–is a little frightening .
He speaks in a low voice with a comfortable Russian accent , the sort that is there to stay since its owner does n’t mind it , and he speaks very slowly , in a way that makes everything he tells you in class seem like a matter of course , damned though you are if you can remember it .
“ Some people call me a killer , ” he says , “ and I ’m not . ”
He says this with a genuine air of protest , as if he were really upset to be considered such by his students .
He hands out the syllabus , and asks the class , in those low , Slavic - tinctured tones that hum about the sternum , if anyone has any questions .
The pale blue eyes are restrained but impatient , and everyone can see it .
So of course , no one does .
“ This is your first real math class , ” he told us , and it was exactly so .
There was little calculation , almost none in the entire course .
What I did in Basic Concepts , about a year ago now , is a long series of puzzles , thought experiments , glistening webs of tight - drawn axioms and definitions .
It is over these rarefied nodes and members that practical maths flicker about like spiders .
In fact , these spiders are adrift ; Gödel saw that nearly a century ago , that even in the Platonic realms of absolutes and ideals , the outermost nodes link back to themselves : the whole sticky mess bent into a Klein bottle .
Yet about the inner-outsides the spiders deftly creep , undaunted by paradox .
Were it not for the spiders , a web might be spun about a single point , looping back to the node with the blithe suggestion that 1 is no different from zero , everything is nothing and nothing is whatever you like .
Or it might be that 1 is not zero , but 1 + 1 is .
This one is called a finite field , and as such can claim qualities of interest that the whole , infinite ( yet we call them countable ) set of integers by themselves cannot .
Nearly four years of mathematics in college has taught me nothing so well as the understanding that truth does not , cannot exist .
In the logic class I ’m now grading for the third semester running , there is a simple problem that gives voice to what I think is a profound characteristic of mathematics itself .
Given a few statements , students must turn up whatever conclusions they can using rules of logical inference .
In the nearly one - hundred times I ’ve graded this problem , only a handful of students accept that there are none to be made .
We want our axioms to be useful .
For whatever reason , evolution has finished our minds to prefer certainty , even in realms where none exists .
In mathematics , we suppose what seems to be the case .
We examine the world and construct a rigid , Platonic web over which scientists and the more daring philosophers can scuttle and snatch what they call truths , until they discover some conclusion where the nodes of the web are tangled , where what they observe is impossible to calculate .
Then at the tangle , with delicacy and a sensible reluctance to upset the web , a definition is revised , or , more daringly , an axiom withdrawn , and for the nonce a tangle is circumvented , to keep the spider ’s legs from catching .
Trying to dodge the judgmental blue eyes of Dr. A. as you scuttle through the halls to some class or other , your gaze might fall on a poster outside his door .
The details of it are opaque , mysterious , enticing but forbidden .
For in addition to being the most handsome and intimidating professor in the Math department , he is probably the most impressively published .
The face that looks out from the poster is a Dr. A of days gone by , perhaps twenty - five years ago or more .
It lacks the flecks of gray in his hair , and the eyes ( though the photograph is in black and white ) bear a depth of hue that
for some reason impart an edge of rebellion : nothing like the fearsome font of wisdom he now seems .
But the picture is only there for show , for vanity even .
Beside it , beneath the words and symbols that , to an undergraduate , are familiar but incomprehensible , a maddening conflation of everything he knows , there –you see that out on the very edges of the web was Dr. A. himself , reknotting tangle that caught at his legs .
Since the late 1990 ’s style steampunk is becoming more and more popular , and not only in the literature .
Various modern utilitarian objects have been modded by enthusiasts into a pseudo - Victorian mechanical “ steampunk ” style .
And often this stylization gives very unexpected results .
Like , for example , art works of american sculptor Mike Libby .
His studio Insect Lab make robots from dried insects .
Insects for his works come from around the world , from Africa , China , New Guinea , Brazil , Texas , etc .
Each cog or gear wheel from antique pocketwatches and wristwatches are used as mechanical components .
Each small robot from his collection is unique and costs a lot of money – price for the one robot ranges from $ 600 to $ 2500 .
Feb. 23 , 2010  -- Former Vice President Dick Cheney 's office says he had a " mild heart attack " this week -- his fifth -- but is in stable condition and will be released from the hospital in a couple of days .
" Former Vice President Cheney was admitted to GW Hospital after experiencing chest pain , " his office said in a statement .
" Lab testing revealed evidence of a mild heart attack .
He underwent a stress test and a heart catheterization .
He is feeling good and is expected to be discharged in the next day or two . "
Cheney was busy on the phone today from the hospital .
The former vice president spoke to Vice President Joe Biden and former President George W. Bush .
Biden told Cheney to " get better soon , " in what an administration official described as a " friendly , personal call . "
This week , Bush and Cheney are expected to meet for the first time since they left office .
Bush is going over to Cheney 's house for coffee on Thursday and on Friday they will attend a breakfast reunion in Washington sponsored by the Bush - Cheney Alumni Association , the official group of political appointees who worked in the administration .
As of now , there is no indication it will be cancelled due to Cheney 's health issue .
Hundreds of former staffers from around the country are expected to attend the event where Bush and Cheney will speak .
Cheney was admitted to the hospital Monday after complaining of chest pains .
He stayed overnight while a series of tests were conducted .
Cheney has a long history of heart problems .
His first heart attack came in 1978 when he was just 37 years old and the most recent in November 2000 after he and former President George W. Bush were elected to the White House .
In 2001 , Cheney had a pacemaker installed into his chest and last September he underwent elective back surgery to treat lumbar spinal stenosis .
Dick Cheney Hospitalized Monday
The news of Cheney 's hospitalization first broke because his daughter , Liz Cheney , cancelled a scheduled appearance at the Lincoln Day Republican dinner in Schaumburg , Ill .
Monday .
Liz Cheney was to be the keynote speaker at the fundraiser organized for the Republican committees of Barrington , Elk Grove , Hanover , Palatine , Schaumburg and Wheeling townships .
An Illinois Republican involved with the planning of the event said that he spoke to an aide to Liz Cheney Monday morning .
The aide informed this official that Liz Cheney would not be able to attend the event because she was in Washington and at the hospital with her father .
Step out of your home and what do you see ?
There is a subliminal and overt message on the streets and in the media to buy cars and use them .
You 'll find it on TV , on your computer , in the newspapers you read .
It makes the promotion of any other form or transport , such as cycling , an uphill struggle regardless of how convenient , healthy and sustainable it may be .
The advertising spend on the promotion of motor vehicles in the UK exceeds £ 500 m a year .
And , by and large , it works : car ownership has grown steadily since the 1940s and , after the current economic crisis abates , it will likely continue to do so .
In sharp contrast , the promotion of cycling and walking is almost non-existent .
When Transport for London ran a TV ad promoting cycling it was a unique occasion .
The number of cyclists on UK roads has dropped sharply since the 1940s , and London stands out as a rare example of a city where cycling has doubled in six years .
While the government encourages us to walk , ride bikes and use public transport , it knows that car advertising is persuading us to do the exact opposite .
Instead of sharing one car , households buy two or three so that everyone can express their own personality through their vehicle .
If you believe the advertising , your car will make you more attractive , more popular and more successful .
How many car ads show the reality of being stuck in traffic or the frustration of searching for a parking space ?
Cycling gets the occasional media boost when team GB sweeps the Olympic medals or cycling in London soars , as more people realise it 's faster around town than driving .
But very few companies pay big money for bike ads , so newspapers do n't have cycling sections – with notable exceptions , such as this blog - and there is no cycling equivalent of Top Gear .
The outcome of all that PR for cars is more sales as well as more congestion , more pollution and a greater demand for scarce parking spaces .
There would have been no need for the congestion charge in London if not for the success of the auto industry 's publicity machine and the popularity of motoring programmes .
Reversing the trend of ever - increasing car ownership and use is not as difficult as it seems .
If governments were to limit car advertising , as they did with alcohol and tobacco when the health impacts were recognised , people would take decisions about their mode of transport based on common sense rather than the promise of open highways , high speeds and glamorous locations .
Common sense might well encourage cycling or walking for more journeys .
The survival of cycling as a transport mode and its growth in London is a tribute to its convenience and simplicity .
Surveys show that one - in - five of us would like to cycle .
If the barriers to cycling were removed – such as perceived danger and a lack of cycling infrastructure – cycle journeys in the UK might increase tenfold to the levels seen in Holland or Denmark .
The benefits are obvious : more cycling and walking would help prevent health problems as well as climate change .
Holland is lucky to have invested in cycling before car - oriented planning created a road system that discourages cycle use .
The UK , unfortunately , has seen several decades of car - centred planning .
But , as London shows , the UK can still join the virtuous circle .
Local traffic management schemes can be redesigned to allow cyclists through them and urban gyratories can be removed .
If reduced auto promotion stemmed the growth in car ownership as well , we could see more people cycling and drivers might discover that the roads were less busy and parking spaces easier to come by .
In fact , there is little choice ; Britain 's urban population continues to grow – unless we enable people to cycle and walk more , and stop persuading them to use cars , we face gridlock .
• Tom Bogdanowicz is campaigns and development officer for the London Cycle Campaign
EU nuke boffins say that mysterious bits of uranium found last year in a Dutch scrapyard originated in the Nazi nuclear - weapons programme of the 1940s .
Forensic nuke scientists at the European Commission 's Joint Research Centre ( JRC ) traced two pieces of metal - described as a cube and a plate - back to their exact origins and dates .
Apparently both came from ores extracted at the " Joachimsthal " mine in what is now the Czech Republic , though the two are from different production batches .
The cube , according to specialists at the JRC's Institute for Transuranium Elements ( ITU ) , was produced in 1943 for the Nazi nuclear programme and was used in the lab of famous boffin Werner Heisenberg ( of uncertainty principle fame ) .
The plate was apparently part of experiments by Heisenberg 's collaborator Karl Wirtz .
Most historical analysis , with hindsight , suggests that the Nazi nuclear research programme never got very close to developing an atomic weapon .
There was no equivalent of the Manhattan Project ; rather , different lines of research were followed in different labs .
Furthermore the Germans were hampered by having driven many top physicists out of the country with their anti-Semitic policies , and also by drafting other boffins into the army to fight as ordinary soldiers .
Not content with that , the Nazi leadership also chose to clash with the few top brains they had left .
At one point Reichsfuhrer Himmler suggested that Heisenberg should be treated as a " White Jew " , with presumably fatal consequences .
Himmler later changed his mind , but this climate can hardly have encouraged Heisenberg to do his best work .
The halting progress of the Germans was largely unknown to the Allies , however , a factor which prompted the crash efforts of the Manhattan project .
In particular , German plans to acquire large quantities of heavy water from Norway for use as a reactor moderator aroused intense worry among the Allies .
A sequence of clandestine operations and bombing raids - by the French and British secret services , Norwegian resistance fighters , spec-ops troops and allied air forces - took place , which saw heavy water and its production tech stolen , repeatedly blown up and in one case sunk aboard a sabotaged ferry .
Though the Telemark operations were some of the greatest spec-ops successes ever seen , they may not in fact have been all that critical .
After the war , Heisenberg said that he and his colleagues had always been doubtful of the potential of nuclear fission as an explosive .
Furthermore , they had taken good care not to big that aspect of the research up to their Nazi masters , for reasons of self - interest .
" We definitely did not want to get into this bomb business , " said Heisenberg .
" I would n't like to idealize this ; we did this also for our personal safety .
We thought that the probability that this would lead to atomic bombs during the War was nearly zero .
If we had done otherwise , and if many thousand people had been put to work on it and then if nothing had been developed , this could have had extremely disagreeable consequences for us . "
Nowadays the Allied nations are once again deeply concerned about hostile countries developing nuclear weapons .
According to the Euro nuke - forensics team at the JRC - ITU :
A key international topic today is the work of preventing the spread of nuclear weapon technology and illicit trafficking of nuclear materials that can be used for the production of nuclear weapons or so - called dirty bombs .
They 've just set up a new " large geometry secondary ion mass spectrometer " which they 're very proud of , which should be very handy for nobbling nuclear malefactors . ®
Posted on February 25th , 2010
Russian Imperial
Stout is one of the heaviest styles of beer around , often ranging from 7 to 10 % ABV .
Much like Baltic porters it ’s named not for who made it but who it was made for .
Russian imperial stouts were first brewed in the 18th century by brewers in Burton , England to be shipped to the court of Russian Empress Catherine the Great .
Catherine apparently became quite smitten by stouts during a visit to England and demanded some be sent back to her when she returned home ; unfortunately the first few batches did not survive the long trip to Russia .
Catherine demanded that the English find some way to get her beloved porter to her , and being empress , she got what she wanted .
To accomplish this goal the Barclay Perkins brewery crafted a stout to survive the trek much sweeter and stronger than anything available in England at the time and a new style was born .
Today , many years after Catherine ’s passing , Russian imperial stouts continue to be brewed not just in England , but around the world .
In particular the style has caught on among bold and adventuresome American craft brewers , who see the style as an opportunity to flex their brewing muscle and a chance to brew the heaviest , sweetest beer they can .
Due to the styles popularity craft brewers in the US the term ‘ imperial ’ has come to signify any style that ’s especially strong in flavor , alcohol or both .
The double , or ‘ imperial ’ IPA is perhaps the most common example of this phenomenon
This style shares much in common with other heavy stouts and porters , like the Baltic porter .
They are both sweet and strong , with bold flavors of dark chocolate , roasted coffee and toffee .
That being said , there are some key differences between the two styles .
The imperial stout tends be much sweeter than the Baltic porter , and it is usually not nearly as dry .
Still , do n’t feel bad if you have trouble telling the two apart , they are similar .
The are numerous absolutely delicious versions of this style from many different brewers .
Perhaps the best known in America is Old Rasputin , from North Coast brewing .
Other notable examples include Storm King from Victory and Ten Fidy from Oskar Blues .
Rogue , Stone , and Samuel Smith also have great takes on the style as well .
What ’s your favorite version ?
Next time you try it , let us know by tweeting your beer and adding the #mybeer hashtag .
You 'd think Jay Leno would want some powerhouses to bolster his return to The Tonight Show on March 1 , would n't you ?
But maybe everybody with a soul left in Hollywood was n't available .
Instead , peep this safe , snoozy lineup .
March 1 : Jamie Foxx , Olympic skier Lindsey Vonn , and Brad Paisley ( Holy shit , he got PAISLEY !?!?)
Advertisement
March 2 : Sarah Palin , Shaun White
March 3 : " Jaywalk All - Stars " with the cast of Jersey Shore , plus Chelsea Handler , a speed - skater , and Avril Lavigne
Advertisement
This , my friends , is appointment TV .
Appointment with pretty much any other channel .
[ TYPES ]
Two - tier reviewing process
By popular request , the following is a more detailed description of the reviewing process that Dave Evans and I used for IEEE Security and Privacy 2009 .
The reviewing process used by Oakland 2009 was adapted from a two - tier processed used successfully by a few conferences in previous years .
It was pioneered by Tom Anderson for SIGCOMM 2006 , and used subsequently by SOSP 2007 and OSDI 2008 .
Unlike most conference review processes , we had a two - tier PC , and three rounds of reviewing .
I believe that this structure helped us make more informed decisions , led to better discussions at the PC meeting , gave authors more feedback , and resulted in a better product overall .
We had 77 days to review 253 submissions .
This may sound like a lot of time , but reviewing for Oakland stretches across Christmas and other winter holidays .
The PC of 50 people was divided 25 / 25 into ' heavy ' and ' light ' groups .
Despite the names , these PC members did similar amounts of work .
The heavy members did a few more reviews and attended the PC meeting ; the light members participated in electronic discussion before the meeting .
Dividing the PC into half meant that we had a smaller group at the PC meeting ; and had more effective discussions than in previous years .
A two - tier PC also helped us recruit some PC members who preferred not to travel .
We did not distinguish between heavy and light members in any external documents such as the proceedings .
I think this helped us recruit light members .
Reviewing proceeded in three rounds , seen pictorially at http://www.cs.cornell.edu/andru/oakland09/reviewing-slides.pdf.
We started round 1 with 249 credible papers .
Each paper received one heavy and one light reviewer .
Reviewers had 35 days to complete up to 12 reviews .
Based on these initial reviews , the chairs rejected 36 papers and marked 33 papers as probable rejects .
In round 2 , we had 180 papers considered fully live , each of which received an additional heavy and light review .
Papers considered probable rejects were assigned just one additional reviewer .
Round 2 started just after Christmas , and reviewers had 20 days to complete up to 12 reviews .
After round 2 , we had 3 - 4 reviews per live paper .
Papers all of whose reviews were negative were rejected at this point , with some electronic discussion to make sure everyone involved agreed .
By round 3 , we were down to 68 papers , most of which were pretty good papers .
Each live paper now received one additional heavy review , ensuring that there were three reviewers present at the PC meeting for each discussed paper .
Reviewers received up to five papers to review , in ten days .
Based on these reviews and more electronic discussion , we rejected four more papers .
All papers with some support at this point made it to the PC meeting .
The chairs actively worked to resolve papers through electronic discussion , which was important in achieving closure .
The PC meeting was a day and and half long , and resulted in 26 of the 68 papers being chosen for the program .
Each paper was assigned a lead reviewer ahead of time .
The lead reviewer presented not only their own view , but also those of the light reviewers who were not present .
Where possible , we chose lead reviewers who were positive and confident about their reviews .
At some points , we had breakout sessions for small groups of reviewers to discuss papers in parallel .
However , no paper was accepted without the whole PC hearing the reasons for acceptance .
This seems important for a broad conference like Oakland ( or POPL ) .
One benefit of multiple rounds of reviewing was that we could do a better job of assigning reviewers in later rounds , for three reasons : first , the reviews helped us understand what the key issues were ; second , we asked reviewers explicitly for suggestions ; third , we could identify the problematic paper where all the reviews were low - confidence and do hole - filling .
We also asked external experts to help review papers where we did n't have enough expertise in - house .
In the end , all papers received between 2 and 8 reviews , and accepted papers received between 5 and 8 reviews .
The multiround structure meant that reviewing effort was concentrated on the stronger papers , and authors of accepted papers got more feedback , and often more expert feedback , than they had in previous years .
The reviewing load was increased slightly over previous years for heavy reviewers ( ~23 ) , but decreased slightly ( ~ 20 ) for light reviewers .
Keeping load mostly constant was possible because we had a larger PC than in the past .
The two - tier structure meant that despite a larger PC , we could have a smaller PC meeting .
Filtering out weak papers early helped keep the reviewing load manageable .
Papers were rejected after round 1 only when they had two confident , strongly negative reviews .
The chairs did this in consultation with each other .
Papers with very negative reviews but without high confidence , or confident reviews that were not as negative , were considered probable rejects and assigned a third review in round 2 .
If that review was positive , the paper received three reviews in round 3 instead of the usual one , ensuring that it made it to the PC meeting ( this only happened in a couple of cases ) .
PC members did not report any concerns to us that good papers might have been filtered out early .
Assigning the right reviewers in round 1 makes both filtering and assignment of additional reviewers more effective .
To be able to assign round - 1 reviewers efficiently , it is important for the chairs to get as much information from the PC as possible about what papers they would like to review and about what topics they are expert .
A final issue we put thought into was the rating scale .
While the rating scale might not seem that important , in past years the Oakland committee had found that a badly designed rating scale could cause problems .
The four - point Identify the Champion scale ( A - D ) used by many PL conferences works fine for single - round reviewing .
But for multiple rounds with early filtering , it 's helpful to distinguish the papers that are truly weak from the ones that merely do n't make the grade .
Therefore , ratings came from the following scale : 1 : Strong reject .
Will argue strongly to reject .
2 : Reject .
Will argue to reject ( Identify the Champion 's D ) 3 : Weak reject .
Will not argue to reject ( C ) 4 : Weak accept .
Will not argue to accept ( B ) 5 : Accept .
Will argue to accept .
( A ) 6 : Strong accept .
Will argue strongly to accept .
As in Identify the Champion , giving the ratings meaningful semantics helped ensure consistency across reviewers .
Papers that received 1's and 2's were easy to filter out after round 1 ; we rejected papers with confident 1/1 or 1/2 ratings , and some 2/2's .
Having the extreme ratings of 1 and 6 also seemed to give reviewers a little more excuse to use 2 and 5 as ratings , staking out stronger positions than they might have otherwise .
The absence of a middle ' neutral ' point usefully forced reviewers to lean one way or the other .
Overall , this reviewing process probably involved somewhat more total work for the chairs than a conventional reviewing process , but it was also spread out more over the reviewing period .
Problems could be identified and addressed much earlier .
Total work for PC members was comparable to a conventional process .
Some PC members appreciated that the multiple intermediate deadlines prevented a last - minute rush to get reviews done , and that the average quality of reviewed papers was higher .
Hope this helps , -- Andrew
For some people it does .
if you 're asking if the cheese is spoiled , it depends .
if cheese does n't smell funny to you , and if it is smelling funny , its probably spoiled .
if it usually smells funny to you , then who knows ?
HUNTSVILLE , AL -- Police reports show that in 2002 , UAH shooting suspect Amy Bishop punched a woman in the head for not giving her child a booster seat at a restaurant , all the while yelling , " I am Dr. Amy Bishop . "
In March of that year , Bishop went to an International House of Pancakes in Massachusetts with family and asked for a booster seat for one of her children , according to The Boston Globe .
When she found out another mother had gotten the seat , she walked over to the woman , demanded the seat and yelled profanities at her , according to the police report .
When the woman refused to give up the seat , she punched her in the head and yelled " I am Dr. Amy Bishop . "
The Globe said Bishop received probation and prosecutors recommended that she be sent to anger management classes .
It 's unclear if she ever went .
The victim in the assault declined to talk to the Boston newspaper .
See all our coverage of the UAH shooting and Amy Bishop 's history .
Minden Outer 's Club : Make Your Own Curling Stones
Comment at Youtube | mindenoutersclub@gmail.com | Make Your Own Curling Stone Forum NEW
make your own rink | make your own hockey shooter tutor with beacon light | make your own soccer goal
Overview
This page provides do - it - yourself instructions for making your own curling stones for affordable backyard rink , frozen lake or frozen pond play .
A materials list and step - by - step instructions are included along with suggestions for curling without painted rings or a " button " .
Why make your own curling stones ?
The short answer is , to play outside , in the fresh air , and because " real " stones cost thousands .
The long answer : We , The Minden Outers Club , who meet for a weekend every winter at a cottage near Minden ON ( Canada ) , wondered if there might be more to winter than staying indoors playing Euchre .
One year ( 2003 ) a few in the group decided curling might be a pleasant change from playing hockey ( the ONLY thing that consistently took us outdoors ) and they proceeded to : shovel off a rink , mark it with food colouring , and make " stones " out of frozen jugs of water ( Figure 1 ) .
Sure it was fun , champions were proclaimed , but the sustainability of the " stones " ( jugs ) when the jugs started getting thrown up in the air so we could watch them explode on impact ( yes , grown men : | ) .
Some of us decided that maybe we could have more long term fun if we did n't destroy the " stones " at the end of the game .
Much talk ensued within the group about the best approach and the following were the most serious considerations :
Use frozen jugs like we did the first time around .
Buy a set of used stones from a curling club .
Make stones using concrete or perhaps dumbell weight plates .
We also consulted the experts - people who actually know how to curl - at the inthehack website ( now defunct - 2009 ) .
The expert consensus was to find an old set of real stones ( though some did make their own prototypes - apparently , with limited success ) .
Buying up " real " stones proved to be problematic since all of the curling clubs who were willing to sell off old stones charged more than we were willing to pay or were too far away to make pickup or shipping cost effective .
Besides , this would avoid the opportunity to use power tools and duct tape , and why would we deny ourselves that ?
Our decision and prototype testing process :
After much discussion of the options above , throughout 2003 and 2004 , and even a poll within our group we decided on frozen jugs .
However , as is typical within our group , two of us ignored the others and made concrete - based prototypes anyway ( Figures 2 & 3 ) .
At our 2004 meeting no jugs of water were frozen ( " Hey , I thought YOU were going to freeze them ! ? " ) and we did not play hockey OR curl , we made a toboggan run instead ... I digress ... but we did " test " the prototypes : Click image to see large version .
Figure 1
Prototype 1 Figure 2
Prototype 2 Figure 3
Prototype 3 Figure 4
Completed Stone
Prototype 1 ( Figure 1 ) is of course the frozen waterjug - we have already tested these - fun and easy to make but fragile ( they split ) and play nothing like real curling stones .
Prototype 2 ( Figure 2 ) was made from a cookie tin filled with concrete - not heavy enough and too many edges to catch on defects in the ice - while prototype 3 ( Figure 3 ) was made from mixing bowls .
Prototype 3 was the clear choice .
Though a bit wobbly in the hands of the uninitiated , it had the weight , smooth low - friction bottom and feel of a real curling stone , it even curled ( a bit ) !
Summary of Materials for Prototype 3 ( Figure 3 ) / Completed Stone ( Figure 4 ) $ / stone approx .
* $ 13 $ full set 16 approx .
$ 210 build time 3 days ( to allow for concrete dry time ) materials list ( one stone ) - 5 litre stainless steel mixing bowls - 2 per stone - get the ones with a large flat bottom
- bag quick - drying cement X 1 ( I used Quickcrete at about $ 3/bag )
- 90 oelbow X 1/2 inch galvanized pipe X 2
- 4 inch X 1/2 inch galvanized pipe X 1
- 6 or 8 inch X 1/2 inch galvanized pipe X 1
- #8 X 1 inch brass or galvanized machine bolts with nuts X 4
- rubber bumper - e.g. , rubber hose - about 2 ' per stone
- construction adhesive or hot glue stick
- coloured hockey tape ( stick tape )
- handyman 's secret weapon
- loctite
- 2X6 X 10 feet or something similar X2 tools - electric drill
- jigsaw ( optional )
- caulking gun
- large bucket or wheelbarrow
- trowel or your spouse 's good hand spade ( shhh )
- utility knife
- screwdriver and plyers
- safety goggles
How we made them - the Minden Outers Club method ( completed stone )
Cut a hole in the bottom of the bowl big enough to snugly slide the 6 inch length of 1/2 pipe through - i.e. a 1/2 " or 5/8 " hole .
Locate the hole near the edge of the flat bottom not in the center ( Figure 4 or Figure 5 ) .
I scored around the end of a piece of pipe and then drilled small holes all along the circle and then connected the dots with a jigsaw .
I think this is the kind of thing hole saws are for ?
Smear loctite on the end of the 6 inch pipe that will poke " outside " the bowl .
Screw on the " outside " elbow that will receive the handle - i.e. , the end on which you just smeared loctite .
Slide the 6 inch pipe through and screw the " inside " elbow on - the " inside " elbow does not require loctite and it can face any direction .
The " inside " elbow should stick up higher than the rim of the bowl , this is your " rebar " for clamshelling the two bowls together with concrete ( Figure 6 ) .
Screw the 4 inch pipe into the other end of the " outside " elbow to form the handle - no loctite necessary , but can not hurt .
Click image to see large version .
Figure 5
Anti-rotate screw location Figure 6
Ready for concrete Figure 7
Fastening bumper
( do n't use this foam ) Figure 8
42 lbs !
IMPORTANT prevent handle from pivoting - make sure the elbow that forms your handle is securely fastened to the vertical 6 inch pipe , otherwise your handle will pivot and misalign with use .
Rather than use loctite as in step 3 above , I actually drilled a hole into the elbow through the top of the vertical 6 inch pipe and put in a screw to stop the handle from turning ( Figure 5 ) .
If you use the screw method , do it as your last step .
Align your handle and tape the inside of the pipe to the bowl using the " handyman 's secret weapon " ( this also prevents leakage of concrete ) .
You may also need some of the " handyman 's secret weapon " to keep the handle vertical for the concrete pouring stage .
Turn mould with handle upside down on 2X6s - the outside handles will dangle below the 2X6 , held in place by tape ( Figure 6 ) .
Pour concrete into this half ( the upper half ) of the stone .
Use a slightly liquid mix to prevent air pockets .
Fill right to the top of the rim .
You should have the " inside " elbow poking through the concrete once filled to the rim .
This inside elbow is what will help cement the two halves together in the next step ( think of this inside elbow as your " rebar " to concrete the halves together ) .
Peek under the 2X6s to ensure the handles are still vertical and centered over the bowl .
Let dry overnight .
Pour concrete into bottom half and set top half on top while bottom half concrete is wet - again a liquidy mix for the bottom half is highly recommended .
Twist to ensure the " inside " elbow from your now dry top half is well buried in the now wet bottom half concrete .
Let dry overnight .
Drill 4 holes where the seams meet ( 3 , 6 , 9 and 12 o' clock ) , to receive the # 8 bolts .
Insert bolts and fasten nuts ( I did not bother with washer , they did n't fit ) .
These bolts are the failsafe to ensure the stone stays together .
Cut bumper ( now rubber hose ) to fit around the equator of the stone .
We used foam pipe insulation , which ripped , so we now have rubber hose .
Others have used rubber flooring ( see viewer submissions below ) !
Apply adhesive to foam ( Figure 7 ) put a liberal amount of adhesive on the inside of the bumper then slip it over the seam where the bowls meet , fastening the ends together with a piece of the " handyman 's secret weapon " temporarily ( Figure 4 or Figure 5 ) .
Wrap foam with tape ( not necessary with rubber hose
If you use foam , I think the handyman 's secret weapon all around would help it last longer .
This will detract somewhat from the look perhaps , but I failed to do this and paid the price .
After 2 days of play with these stones small and large bits of foam started to come off .
That is why we replaced the bumpers with the red rubber hose pictured in Figure 9b .
Unfortunately we have not had good enough ice for our annual meeting for the last two years to try out the new bumpers .
I know they will be more durable .
Prevent handle pivot - with the screw method as described above in step 6 ( if you did not use loctite ) ( Figure 5 ) .
Get outside and curl - this is all about getting outside and getting together with family / friends !
How well do they work ?
At 42 lbs , they are almost at the World Curling Federation maximum allowable weight of 44lbs - blind luck , plain and simple .
More importantly , they work great .
The weight ensures they slide well , even on an unpebbled frozen lake ( Figure 10 , Movies 1 and 2 ) .
We played several games and the stones all still working fine ( though some repairs on the foam bumpers are needed , see step 14 above - we switched to rubber hose , see below for how they do it in New Brunswick ! ) .
We really did have a lot of fun and plan to for years to come .
In the beginning , yes very rarely they did keel over a bit when the curler accidentally threw the stone instead of glided it .
This problem was easily corrected with an adjustment in gliding style ( do n't throw them ) .
Click image to see large version OR movie .
Figure 9a
11 completed stones
old bumpers Figure 9 b
12 stones
new bumpers !
Figure 10
Game on .
Movie 1
Feel the rumble .
Movie 2
Toboggan - cam shot .
What about rink prep ?
We made hacks by drilling holes through each end of a piece of 2X4 and then we simply pounded 10 inch lag bolts straight into the ice ( be see MD 's rink below ! ) .
The freeze thaw cycle makes them very secure , even " permanent " , so you might want to fasten a rope to the hack and shore to retrieve them at melt time .
We did not pebble ( got deionized water ? ) .
We used food colouring for a button , but this year we did not bother with the other two rings .
We also played a lawn bowling style game that required no button at all ( see below ) .
Curling petanque / lawn bowling / bocce style .
Rather than bother with the painted on " button " in the early going this year ( 2005 ) we threw out prototype 1 ( Figure 2 ) as our jack / pallino / kitty and used it as the movable button .
As many who have played any of these three related games knows , when the " target " is not fixed , strategy is different .
One guy in our group was particularly good at moving the jack / pallino / kitty back to put many of his team 's stones in scoring position .
This is a really fun way to play .
Homemade curling stones from people who visited this webpage ( from emails , with permission )
" Thanks to you and your club .
In 2006 I saw your stuff on - line , and went through some variations in 4 winters since then .
I think the photos speak for themselves .
It has been a lot of fun , and we 're getting a fair bit of action out there this season by young and old alike !
Curling is a great sport , so why not do it at home too ?
It takes a bit of perseverance , however the result is well worth the effort .
Thanks again for the inspiration .
Hope you can get your ice going this year ! "
MD ( New Brunswick )
Click image to see large version
( MD took it to the next level ) " Hi Guys , I am a Canadian who has been living in Russia for the last 5 years .
We are in a small expat community with folks from around the world .
The group was bored with the long winter nites so aske me what we do to pass the time .
Curling was an activity that came to mind .
Like yourselves we started with the idea of plastic bottles , not great .
I found your page when looking for specs on size shape and weight etc for curling stones .
Making them was half the fun with 8 - 12 people pitching in .
The only problem is lack of cold weather .
Normally - 20 C this time of year but has been +5C in the day time .
The 10 cm ice surface on our skating rink has virtually gone except the edges .
Have enclosed 3 photos of the folks working and the final test .
Thanks for sharing your super ideas .
Th slald bowl was super .
( You neded to change the specs .
Each bowl is 2.5 l for a total of 5 l , this gives the right weight and diameter ) "
Bob from Russia Click image to see large version
If you have comments or suggestions : Youtube video | mindenoutersclub@gmail.com | Make Your Own Curling Stone Forum NEW
COPYRIGHT : This information belongs to the Minden Outers Club any proceeds should be directed to the MOC tontine .
* Canadian dollars
The parents of a Pennsylvania high school student have asked a federal judge to bar school district personnel from switching on cameras in school - issued MacBook laptops , calling the security feature " Peeping Tom technology . "
Federal officials have also stepped up their investigation of Lower Merion School District of Ardmore , Pa. , according to reports published Saturday .
The Associated Press said that the FBI was exploring whether district officials broke federal wiretapping and electronic surveillance laws , while the Philadelphia Inquirer cited sources who said federal prosecutors have subpoenaed documents from school officials .
In their motion Friday , Michael and Holly Robbins of Penn Valley , Pa. , asked U.S. District Court Judge Jan DuBois to issue a restraining order preventing the district from remotely activating the webcams on student notebooks .
They also requested that the judge block the district from recalling the laptops from students , saying that they believe school officials will then wipe the MacBooks ' hard drives to delete evidence of any camera activation .
Last week , the Robbins family sued the district , accusing it of spying on students and students ' families using the MacBooks ' cameras .
Two days after the lawsuit was filed , district officials said they had disabled the camera functionality of a feature designed to locate lost , missing or stolen laptops .
However , that was n't enough for the Robbins , who submitted their Friday motion on behalf of their 16 - year - old son , Harriton High School student Blake Robbins .
" There can be no assurances that the School District will disable the use of the remote webcam or , once deactivated , make an internal decision to reactive the webcam , " the motion argued .
Elsewhere in the motion , the Robbins labeled the camera functionality " Peeping Tom technology " and disputed the district 's assertion that cameras had been activated only when a notebook was reported lost or stolen .
" [ Blake Robbins ] was at home using a school issued laptop that was neither reported lost nor stolen when his image was captured by Defendants without his or his parents ' permission and while he was at home , " the motion said .
According to the original complaint , Robbins was accused by a Harriton High School assistant principal of " improper behavior in his home " and shown a photograph taken by his laptop as evidence .
In an appearance on CBS 's Early Show Saturday Edition Robbins said he was accused by the assistant principal of selling drugs and taking pills , but he claimed the pictures taken by his MacBook 's camera showed him eating candy .
I thought I would share my experience of submitting a module to CPAN for the first time .
In summary : it 's stupidly easy and if I can do it , so can you .
I 'm not the best Perl coder and therefore I rely heavily on CPAN modules to do the real work .
Every now and again I stumble upon bugs , many of which are simple to fix after a little debugging .
However , some modules are n't heavily maintained and some have n't been touched in years .
Bugs that are filed on RT can go unanswered , gathering digital dust while your development machine is riddled with heavily modified modules .
The solution ?
In my case it was as easy as discussing a few changes with the module author , who added me as a co-maintainer .
That allows me to upload new versions , fix tickets in the bug queue and probably many other things I 've not discovered .
Uploading a new module requires logging into PAUSE and pointing it at a file on your local disk or a remote HTTP server .
A few emails later and a short wait and the changes appear on the CPAN website itself .
Some useful things to consider when uploading a new module :
Does it still build ?
Run make clean ( or make realclean ) and check from scratch !
If applicable , do the changes break any tests ( run make test )
Is the MANIFEST file up to date ?
Bump the version number in all files that use it ( the .pm itself , README , META.yml etc ) - grep is your friend here
Document what is new in the Changes file
Remove any other files left over from your development , then tar it all up
Go and resolve bugs on rt.cpan.org that you have fixed and take some credit !
( I'm sure I have missed some important ones , please add them below ! )
I noticed when replying to a bug ticket that there is a " minutes spent " field .
In all honesty , the above probably took no longer than 10 .
And that 's how long it takes to have the whole Perl community benefit from your newly broken nicely updated module .
As another quick plug : this is also my first blog post to blogs .
perl.org .
It was also stupidly easy so if you do n't fancy coding , get scribbling instead !
From : Steel Gym
Date : 2010/02/16
Subject : Steel Klubtagság
To : Hegedűs Dezs ő
Tisztelt Hegedűs Dezső !
2010 . feb .
15 .- én írt Panaszkönyv-i bejegyzést a kollegina nem tudja elolvasni , és én sem , sajnos .
E - mail - ben kért válazst , én is kérem , hogy E - mail - ben is irja le a panaszt !
Köszönöm ,
Vass " Jimmy Steel " Imre Árpád
Tulajdonos - Steel Gym
From : Hegedűs Dezső
Date : 2010/02/16
Subject : RE : Steel Klubtagság
To : Steel Gym
Tisztelt Vass " Jimmy Steel " Imre Árpád !
Panaszkönyvi bejegyzésem :
Havi bérletet váltottam edzőtermükbe ( csupán azért , hogy kipróbáljam és tapasztalataim alapján éves bérletet váltsak .
1. , az öltözőben olyan szekrényt kaptam , amiben egy összeragadt férfialsó volt .
2. , rám esett a fekpad rúdja és hiába kértem fennhangon segítséget , 5 percbe telt , mire kaptam is .
3. , non -stop edzőteremként nem tudom elfogadni , hogy hajnali 2 - kor nincsenek teremfelügyelők .
4. , a tejturmix romlott volt , másnap délig fostam tőle , szabadságot kellett kivennem .
( Intézkedés mező )
a. , a havibérlet árát kérem vissza , b. , a napi béremet kárpótolják !
( E- mail cím )
Panaszomhoz hozzátenném , hogy a kishölgy a recepciós pultból ( nem kis hölgy , elég kidolgozott , és szúrós izzadtságszagú , de ez nem tartozik a panaszhoz , csak jelzem , hiszen ügyfélkapcsolati munkát végez , amiben fontos az ápoltság ) , úgy vette le rólam a rudat , hogy talán " nem is csodálom , ezzel a girnyó testtel " megjegyzést mormolt el !
Az ilyesmi is megengedhetetlen , fizető vendég vagyok , nem mindegy , mennyire kidolgozott ?
PONT azért járTAM volna termükbe , hogy kidolgozzam magam .
EZEK után természetesen máshol teszem ezt !
Kérem panaszom megnyugtató megoldását !
Üdv ,
Hegedűs Dezső
From : Steel Gym
Date : 2010/02/16
Subject : VÁ : RE : Steel Klubtagság
To : Hegedűs Dezs ő
Kedves Dezső !
Engeddmeg , hogy sport társként tegezzelek , amúgy is szerintem
Én vagyok az időssebb !
Elolvastam , amit írtál !
Az nap Vanda lányom volt műszakba , emlékszikis az esettre .
Beszéltem Vele .
Bármennyire is kisportoltt , Ő , mint nő , nem megy be a ffi öltözöbe , ezt megértheted .
Mi férfiak , pedig márcsak ilyenek vagyunk .
Csajozunk , eddzünk .
Melegitő - nacóhoz énse hordok alsó gatyát , sokkal kényelmessebb , ha érted mire gondolok .
Teis ott hagyhattad volna az alsódat , tudod mi férfiak , milyenek vagyunk .
De bocs ezért !
Fontosnak tartom , hogy az olyan kezdők , mint Te , Személyi Edző - vel kezzdje a gyurást .
Te ezt nemtetted meg .
Pedig javasolt , és én személyesen is szivessen foglalkoztam volna , Veled !
Akkor nem fordultvolna elő , hogy olyan súly - jal szeriazol , ami meg haladja a képességeid .
Vanda a tévedésed után a segitségedre volt , levette Rólad a hatvanat ( 20 + 20 + rúd ) és felis ajállotta , hogy melletted marad .
Fiziologiai tény , hogy az edzés során megnő az izmok oxigén - ellátása , és a test energiáit az izom - munkára koncentrálja .
Lassabban működik pl .
az emésztés is .
Az edzés után elfogyasztott energia ( és folyadék ) egy része pótolja az elveszitettekett és a folyadék veszteségett .
A banán turmix a felgyorsult anyagcserédnek köszönhetően szaladt át Rajtad .
Azt javaslom , gyere eddzeni , Én itt leszek , és gondoskodom róla , hogy minden rendben menjen .
Az első hónapban , a rossz tapasztalatod miatt ingyen kapod a Személyi Edzést és Edzés Tervet !
Hívj fel , lezsirozzuk !
És még valami !
Aki eddz , izzad .
Aki izzad , keményen eddz .
Aki keményen eddz , eredményes !
Vanda lányom országos 4 .- ik !
Ezért érdemes izzadni !
Szevasz ,
Vass " Jimmy Steel " Imre Árpád
Tulajdonos - Steel Gym
From : Hegedűs Dezső
Date : 2010/02/16
Subject : RE : VÁ : RE : Steel Klubtagság
To : Steel Gym
Kedves " Steel " Imre Árpád !
Elhiszem mindazt , amit írtál , de sajnos lentiek nem válaszok a panaszomra , csupán magyarázkodás .
Még egyszer leírom ; öltözői higiénia nulla , ügyfélkezelés nulla , diarrhea 1 !
Az első - és sajnos az utolsó - nap tapasztalata .
Ha nem haragszol , élnék a 72 órás garancia jogával , és kérném vissza a havibérlet árát !
Nem is nagyon szeretnék vitába bocsátkozni veled a kérdésben .
Megértésedet és intézkedésedet köszönöm , üdv ,
Hegedűs Dezső
From : Steel Gym
Date : 2010/02/16
Subject : VÁ : RE : VÁ : RE : Steel Klubtagság
To : Hegedűs Dezs ő
Na idefigyelj , Te kis buzigyerek !
Én próbáltam segitteni !
Kivizsgáltam a Panaszodat és NEM TALÁLLTAM JOGOSNAK !
Pont !
Ha akarsz , jössz eddzeni , örülj neki , hogy nem zárlak ki a Club - ból !
Vass " Jimmy Steel " Imre Árpád
Tulajdonos - Steel Gym
From : Hegedűs Dezső
Date : 2010/02/16
Subject : RE : VÁ : RE : VÁ : RE : Steel Klubtagság
To : Steel Gym
Kedves Vasember !
Egy nagy lófaszt !
Pénzt borítékba recepción , HOLNAPRA !
Buzizd a kis kokszos kopter haverjaidat , akik valószínűleg a szájukat törölték abba az alsóba , amit találtam !
Izomagyú paraszt !
D .
From : Steel Gym
Date : 2010/02/16
Subject : VÁ : RE : VÁ : RE : VÁ : RE : Steel Klubtagság
To : Hegedűs Dezső
TEKIS GECI !
Mekkereslek , bazdmeg !
Velem
Te ne szarozz , én 2 - szeres Magyar Bajnok vagyok , elismert Testépítő !
A címed ittvan a Panaszkönyv-ön , majd elbeszélgettünk Személyessen !
Jimmy
From : Hegedűs Dezső
Date : 2010/02/16
Subject : RE : VÁ : RE : VÁ : RE : VÁ : RE : Steel Klubtagság
To : Steel Gym
Keress , zsíragy !
Szerinted a valós címemet írtam rá ?
Majd fotózok a teraszról , ahogy bejárjátok a lakóparkot a buta bulldog arcotokkal , aztán megy ki a netre !
Istenem , mekkora faszagy vagy !
Tudod mit , hagyjuk a bérlet árát !
Megérte , hogy belemondjam a pofádba : baromállat vagy , a vessző ELÉ teszed a szóközt , és büdös a lányod , mint a szar !
From : Steel Gym
Date : 2010/02/17
Subject : VÁ : RE : VÁ : RE : VÁ : RE : VÁ : RE : Steel Klubtagság
To : Hegedűs Dezső
Megtalállak , girnyó geci !
I get a lot of questions on Linux hardware : " What 's the best piece of hardware X for Linux ? "
" Should I go route A since I 'm using Linux ? "
Of course not everyone builds their own computer .
But there are a fair number of us out there that would rather keep as much control over the selection of their machines components as they can .
And there is something to be said about hand - picking your components .
But which video card ?
Which sound card ?
Which networking card ?
Processor ?
Motherboard ?
Will it all work with Linux ?
You know it will work with Windows ... but with Linux there can be some gray area .
In this article I am going to show you how I go about putting together a machine that will use the Linux operating system .
I understand that this type of topic is very subjective , so there will be plenty of disagreements .
But that is part of the fun and the reason why we have comments available on this site .
So , without further adieu , let 's get to building .
To go bare - bones or not
I will be up front here .
Most often , when building machines I go with a bare - bones kit .
If I have a client who has a need for a specific feature , brand , or function of a certain motherboard , case , or power supply ( or I have a specific need myself ) , I will go with a bare bones kit .
The reason this is almost always safe is that motherboards are not picky about their operating system .
The only area that should give you concern is on - board components .
On - board components are where you will come into your biggest issues with Linux .
And although this is even becoming a thing of the past ( Ubuntu and Intel graphics now play very well together ) , you could find a sound , network , or video card on - board that will give you fits .
( But even on - board issues can be circumvented by installing a video , sound , or networking card . )
One company I have had a LOT of luck with is Shuttle .
The Shuttle bare bones machines are great little machines that are compact , well designed , and always deliver .
After you have decided on your case , motherboard , and power supply , the next step will be your CPU .
The biggest issue with your CPU will be whether or not to go 32 or 64 bit .
But this choice ( in my opinion ) is more about the choice of either 32 or 64 - bit Linux .
In my experience , the choice between 32 and 64 - bit Linux is an easy one .
Unless you have an application ( or need ) for more than 4 Gigs of ram , go with 32 bit Linux .
The difference in speed is negligible and the lack of a native 64 - bit flash plugin will have you pulling your hair out .
Video card
This is a big one .
Although you more than likely are not going to be doing much ( if any ) gaming on this Linux PC , you should n't skimp on the video .
Why ?
A number of reasons .
The first reason is Compiz .
You want Compiz running .
It 's just too cool and helpful to look over .
Another reason is Virtual Machines .
If you skimp too much on the video card you wo n't have much resource to hand over to your Virtual Machine .
As for brand , even though a lot of people will sneer at this choice , NVidia is always a good bet .
With the NVidia cards ( do n't go below an 8600 to be safe ) you have your choice between open and closed source drivers .
The closed - source drivers never fail me .
And if you want to shy away from closed - source drivers , the Nouveau drivers have come quite a long way .
But this does n't mean you have to completely ignore your on - board graphics .
With the amazing improvements Ubuntu has done with the Intel drivers , you should give them a try before you slap in that brand new NVidia card .
As for ATI ?
I would avoid them .
Getting 3D support in ATI cards can be a hassle .
Where an NVidia or Intel graphics card will work out of the box , the ATI cards will most always need a bit of tweaking .
Networking
Generally speaking , the only issue you might have is if you are going the wireless route .
If this is the case you want to look for a card with an Atheros chipset .
This D - Link WDA 2320 Rangebooster G adapter works great .
Sound
Generally sound is a non-issue .
The standard Soundblaster cards all work well .
You might have some issues if you are attempting surround .
But all Creative ISA sound cards are supported with the Linux ALSA drivers .
You might find issue with integrated Sound Blaster X - Fi .
If you have this chipset , go to the Creative Open Source Web site and download the beta drivers for this card .
Other than that , sound should not be a problem .
That pretty much does it for the more challenging aspects of building a Linux machine .
Of course you might find issues with some peripherals , but just keep coming back to Ghacks and you should find plenty of solutions .
And do n't forget , a good source for hardware compatibility is the Linux Hardware Compatibility database .
Advertisement
Gen. David H. Petraeus , the head of the United States Central Command , said Sunday that the battle being fought in the Taliban stronghold of Marja was the “ initial salvo ” in a military campaign that could last 12 to 18 months .
In an interview on NBC ’s news program “ Meet the Press , ” the general , who oversees the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq , sought to put the Marja battle “ into context ” by explaining its part in the overall effort by American , Afghan and other forces to defeat the Taliban .
He said that international forces had spent recent months mapping strategy , gathering resources and preparing the leadership of a “ comprehensive civil - military campaign . ”
Saying that 5,400 of the 30,000 additional troops President Obama has promised to deploy were already on the ground , General Petraeus added that Special Forces were playing a major role .
“ We have more of our Special Operations forces going in on the ground , and you ’ve seen the results , ” he said , “ with more Afghan shadow governors , the Taliban shadow governors being captured , more of the high - value targets being taken down . ”
General Petraeus said that American troops had encountered tough fighting from a force he called both “ formidable ” and “ a bit disjointed at this point . ”
Few places feel the grip of drought like California , now in its fourth dry year despite a sodden January .
The impact on the state 's agriculture , vital to the entire nation , is stark : Acres harvested in broccoli dropped 72 percent between 2006 and 2009 .
Lettuce and tomatoes , down 46 and 48 percent , respectively , are not far behind .
Unemployment in Mendota , a farm town outside Fresno , last year approached 40 percent .
Now California
wants to do something about it -- but at potentially huge expense to Oregon and even her own legacies in California .
She proposes sending Sacramento River water reserved for salmon to farms in California 's arid San Joaquin Valley .
Here 's what 's wrong :
The salmon are the lifeblood of Oregon 's salmon fishery .
They are federally protected under the
.
And they need the water to survive .
Salmon in our Columbia River leave , turn right at the Pacific Ocean and get caught off Canada and Alaska , mainly .
Sacramento River salmon leave a crazy hydraulic machine known as the California Bay Delta , also turn right at the ocean and swim up into Oregon territory .
That 's where we catch them , in ever dwindling numbers .
That 's where the pain in this scheme hits us .
Management of the delta , to be clear , is a beast .
The delta's irrigation pumps are so huge as to reverse the direction of the Sacramento River when turned on -- anything to get fresh water to thirsty farms and cities to the south .
And the delta is legal flypaper .
Hard - won federal rules brokered to balance the needs of people and fish there are now tied up in a thicket of more than a dozen lawsuits .
Enter Feinstein .
Her first action , before writing a jobs - bill amendment last week to divert the water , was to ask the Obama administration to re-examine the science supporting the delta 's fish - protection rules .
It was a sensible idea : Find some wiggle room for a policy that could help the farmers while also nurturing fish .
But the
review wo n't be done till next month , while the bill with Feinstein 's amendment moves forward .
That inflamed Oregon Reps. David Wu , Peter DeFazio , Earl Blumenauer and Kurt Shrader , who late in the week joined California congressmen to protest the water diversion .
And so here we are , fingers crossed .
Late Friday , Feinstein stuck to her goal but also voiced the wish that California 's dried - up farms could find another way to win an assured supply of the delta 's water .
She wished , in a prepared statement , that a solution could be found in the coming days " that would make this legislation unnecessary . "
Have at it , senator .
Because the amendment is , plainly , a bad idea .
Revisiting the water equation should include a commitment not to turn our backs on a natural resource as plundered but as valuable as Sacramento chinook .
More than half the salmon caught off the Oregon coast typically come from the Sacramento River .
We 're only going to see more demands for water as population grows and the climate throws curveballs , if not heat .
Agriculture and rivers are our collective responsibility -- and abandoning one for the other is a dead end .
License
CopperLicht License
Copyright © 2009 - 2020 Nikolaus Gebhardt
This software is provided ' as - is ' , without any express or implied warranty .
In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages arising from the use of this software .
Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose , including commercial applications , and to alter it subject to the following restrictions :
If you use this software in a product , an acknowledgment in the product documentation is necessary .
Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such , and must not be misrepresented as being the original software .
This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution .
In the past we 've highlighted that many popular web sites use flash to track your browser behavior because it's not as easy for users to block or remove — for example , even when you go into private browsing mode in some browsers , Flash cookies persist .
Flash now supports
InPrivate browsing in IE , and as soon as other browsers take advantage of the new private browsing options in Flash , the same should be true for the rest of the browsers on the market .
( From what we can tell , IE is the only browser that currently supports Flash 's private browsing features . )
Advertisement
In the meantime , Firefox users can address Flash cookies with the previously mentioned BetterPrivacy extension .
If you 're really serious about your browsing privacy , check out our guide to really browse without leaving a trace .
By Satoshi Kanazawa and Kaja Perina
In an earlier review of fellow PT blogger Susan Pinker ’s book The Sexual Paradox : Troubled Boys , Gifted Girls and the Real Difference Between the Sexes , we ponder why it is that so many highly successful women experience the “ ” – the persistent feeling that , despite their well - deserved success and accolades , they are somehow frauds and will soon be exposed – while very few comparable men experience it .
We may have an answer .
The term “ imposter syndrome ” was originally coined by Pauline Clance and Suzanne Imes in their landmark 1978 study of 150 highly successful professional women in various fields .
Pinker describes Clance and Imes 's findings : “ Despite accolades , rank , and salary , these women felt like phonies .
They did n’t believe in their own accomplishments ; they felt they were scamming everyone about their skills . ”
Thirty years later , Pinker in her own 2008 book interviews many highly successful women who also feel the same way about their success .
What is remarkable about the imposter syndrome is the massive difference :
Many successful women experience it , while very few successful men do .
Pinker elaborates on this point in a recent article for Psychology Today magazine .
And in the second part of the three - part review of Pinker ’s book , we end with the question : “ Why do so many highly accomplished women feel they are frauds , imposters , and phonies when their male counterparts do n’t ? ”
A couple of possibilities have since occurred to us .
First , “ success ” in advanced industrial economies like the United States is defined purely in male terms , not in female terms .
When we think of “ highly accomplished successful women , ” we think of CEOs of major corporations , politicians , and leaders in their respective fields .
In other words , we think of women who make a lot of money , exercise political power , or otherwise achieve very high status in a clearly defined hierarchy .
Throughout evolutionary history , status , political power , and resources have been what defined success among men , not among women .
When we think of “ successful women , ” we do not think of mothers who invest in and raise their children well , friends who offer help to friends in need , neighbors who work tirelessly for the common good of the neighborhood , or sisters who help sisters and brothers raise their children , even though this is something that women have always done throughout evolutionary history .
When we think of “ successful women , ” we do n’t think of the Octomom , Nadya Suleman , even though , in purely reproductive terms , she is probably the most successful person in the United States today .
We cannot think of any other woman – or man – who has produced 14 children .
Nadya Suleman is 14 times as successful as Hillary Clinton is , but Suleman is not the one we have in mind when we think of “ highly accomplished successful women . ”
We suspect that one reason why so many women but very few men experience the imposter syndrome may be because the definition of success in the evolutionarily novel contemporary society is biased toward males .
Nobody recognizes women who are successful in female terms .
So part of the problem may be definitional .
If we are right , then any man who receives worldwide accolades as a wonderful father or friend should also experience the imposter syndrome , even though we would not expect anyone to receive such recognition , once again , precisely because “ success ” in our society is defined in male terms .
Second , success usually does not come easily for anyone , man or woman .
In order to achieve high status and recognition in any , one must endure a long process of trial , during which one faces a lot of , rejection , disapproval , and ostracism from others , especially those that one must compete against and beat .
This is true of both successful men and women , but we believe such reactions from others may be more difficult for women to handle than for men .
Throughout evolutionary history , our ancestors practiced what is known as female exogamy .
It means that , when girls reach , they leave their natal group in which they were born and raised , migrate to a neighboring group , and marry into it , while boys remain in their natal group and spend their entire lives with their kin .
Every social species must practice either female or male exogamy in order to avoid incest ; at puberty , either the males or the females must systematically leave their natal group and disperse .
Molecular genetic evidence suggests that humans practiced female exogamy , not male exogamy .
The human history of female exogamy means that adult women have always lived among genetically unrelated strangers , whereas adult men have always lived among genetic kin .
This simple fact should have created major differences in the male and female evolved human nature .
One such difference may be how men and women respond to rejection and disapproval .
When men are rejected and disapproved throughout evolutionary history , such reactions necessarily come from their genetic kin .
Family members may fight with each other , but , in the end , there is only so much you can do to reject them ; after all , they are family , and genetic relatedness means a lot .
It is a major basis of in all species .
In contrast , when women are rejected and disapproved , the same reactions come from men and women who are genetically unrelated to them .
If they hate you enough , they may ostracize you and expel you from the group .
Your only genetic link to the group are the children you have produced with the man you married , but even he is ultimately a genetic stranger living among his genetic kin .
And – dissolution of a committed long - term relationship – is unfortunately a human universal and probably happened throughout evolutionary history .
This may be why women have been evolutionarily designed to rejection and disapproval much more than men do .
Combined with the fact that success itself is defined in male terms , the history of female exogamy may potentially explain a huge sex difference in the experience of the imposter syndrome .
When the lawsuit was filed back in December 2008 , its sordid details challenged news outlets ' ability to write about the case without offending , shocking or , um , titillating readers .
After all , you do n't often read about a couple of former hotel employees suing former bosses for allegedly firing them after conducting a drunken sex orgy in the hotel ballroom .
But last week , according to papers filed in U.S. District Court , the former employees and the Hilton Minneapolis settled their lawsuit .
Unlike the attention - inducing complaint , however , no details were provided .
Calls to attorneys representing the former hotel workers -- Deborah Smith and April Bezdichek -- and the hotel were not immediately returned Monday .
The only details in the court file said " Settlement reached .
Terms stated on the record . "
It also stated that any transcript or audio file of the settlement would be sealed .
At the time the suit was filed , Smith and Bezdichek said they were fired from their jobs after they complained about what they witnessed .
Smith , who was the night manager of a hotel restaurant , said that she opened the door to a hotel banquet room and saw an orgy involving Hilton Hotel upper management .
" In fact , she observed Hilton executives on top of a table engaging in sexual activity , " according to the suit .
After Smith walked away , she said , a hotel manager threatened to fire her .
She was later fired , the suit alleges , after " a campaign of harassment and retaliation . "
Bezdichek , who was a server , alleged that she did n't know the orgy was going on until after the same manager who had threatened Smith brought her to the banquet room , " pulled her onto his lap and pumped her up and down . "
She said that she was forced to resign in October 2007 after she complained and was shunned and was no longer called in to work .
Hilton officials denied allegations of any misconduct at the time the suit was filed .
James Walsh • 612-673-7428
Is the New York Times ignoring “ Climategate ” ?
Historian Walter Russell Mead dings the New York Times for allegedly not writing about the controversy over the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , its embattled leader Rajendra K. Pachauri , and a related story about stolen emails at the University of East Anglia ’s Climate Research Unit and the fallout that has damaged the reputation of its head , Phil Jones .
He points to a story in today ’s Washington Post headlined " Series of missteps by climate scientists threatens climate - change agenda . "
[ UPDATE : See Mead ’s thoughtful response , and my response to his response . ]
I have worked with Mead and know him as a careful writer and steward of the facts .
So I will assume he ’s not fully informed , and I hope that he ’ll change his mind after reading this .
Because the real story here could just as easily be headlined , " Climate skeptics seize on editing errors , poor IPCC communications to manipulate willing British press and credulous blogosphere . "
( For the scientific take and full context for what is happening , read this careful explanation by a group of climate scientists at RealClimate.org . )
Exhibit A is this story in the Daily Mail , a British tabloid well known in the UK for its carelessness with facts , headlined , " Climategate U - turn as scientist at centre of row admits :
There has been no global warming since 1995 . "
The Daily Mail headline badly distorts an interview Jones gave to the BBC , in which he says the following :
Do you agree that from 1995 to the present there has been no statistically - significant global warming Yes , but only just .
I also calculated the trend for the period 1995 to 2009 .
This trend ( 0.12C per decade ) is positive , but not significant at the 95 % significance level .
The positive trend is quite close to the significance level .
Achieving statistical significance in scientific terms is much more likely for longer periods , and much less likely for shorter periods .
There ’s nothing new here ; Jones is simply being careful in sticking to what he knows .
He later goes on to say explicitly " I ’m 100 % confident that the climate has warmed .
As to the second question , I would go along with IPCC Chapter 9 – there ’s evidence that most of the warming since the 1950s is due to human activity , " which the Daily Mail conviently neglects to note .
Nor is it true that the Times is ignoring the story .
I agree with Mead that the controversy deserves more prominent discussion , but longtime environmental reporter Andrew Revkin has been following it closely on his climate blog , Dot Earth , and his colleague Elisabeth Rosenthal weighed in on allegations that Pachauri has a conflict of interest ( although that story had deep flaws ) .
Here ’s science writer John Tierney opining on the East Anglia emails back in November .
Here ’s reporter John Broder alluding to the controversies in a story about the misleading use of weather as a political football .
Here ’s another Broder story about how Penn State scientist Michael Mann — famous for producing the " hockey stick " curve showing a dramatic uptick in global temperatures in recent years — was cleared of wrongdoing over the hacked East Anglia emails .
Mead also links uncritically to the writings of the Telegraph‘s Christopher Booker and the Times of London ‘s Jonathan Leake , who are widely and persuasively criticized in the scientific community for exhibiting bias and reportorial sleight of hand .
Take this section from Leake ’s recent story ( run under the misleading headline , " World may not be warming , say scientists " ) :
Such warnings are supported by a study of US weather stations co-written by Anthony Watts , an American meteorologist and climate change sceptic .
His study , which has not been peer reviewed , is illustrated with photographs of weather stations in locations where their readings are distorted by heat - generating equipment .
Some are next to air - conditioning units or are on waste treatment plants .
One of the most infamous shows a weather station next to a waste incinerator .
Watts has also found examples overseas , such as the weather station at Rome airport , which catches the hot exhaust fumes emitted by taxiing jets .
In Britain , a weather station at Manchester airport was built when the surrounding land was mainly fields but is now surrounded by heat - generating buildings .
Among numerous other problems with his story , Leake does n’t mention that NOAA — in a peer - reviewed study ( pdf ) published in the Journal of Geophysical Research — actually looked at Watts ’s findings and found a cooling bias among the weather stations .
Whoops .
[ UPDATE : Watts says the paper only uses an early version of his data .
I ’m going to check it out . ]
And that ’s just one example ; I could go on and on and on .
What the New York Times might want to dig into more deeply is : Just who are the folks behind all this Drudge bait ?
And just what are the track records of the journalists flogging this story ?
I bet the answer they find is that they are far , far worse than the IPCC’s .
UPDATE : I should note that not all British papers are behaving badly .
The Guardian has an exhaustive 12 - part series on " climategate " that does n’t whitewash the failings of climate scientists , but puts the issue in its proper context .
Good reading .
An Indian U of Maryland physics prof came up with these zero rupee notes that Indians can slip to officials who demand bribes .
They 've been wildly successful , with a total run over over 1,000,000 notes , and the reports from the field suggest that they shock grafters into honesty .
Fifth Pillar is the NGO that produces the notes , and they 're available for download in Hindi , Tamil , Telugu , Kannada and Malayalam .
One such story was our earlier case about the old lady and her troubles with the Revenue Department official over a land title .
Fed up with requests for bribes and equipped with a zero rupee note , the old lady handed the note to the official .
He was stunned .
Remarkably , the official stood up from his seat , offered her a chair , offered her tea and gave her the title she had been seeking for the last year and a half to obtain without success .
Had the zero rupee note reached the old lady sooner , her granddaughter could have started college on schedule and avoided the consequence of delaying her education for two years .
In another experience , a corrupt official in a district in Tamil Nadu was so frightened on seeing the zero rupee note that he returned all the bribe money he had collected for establishing a new electricity connection back to the no longer compliant citizen .
Anand explained that a number of factors contribute to the success of the zero rupee notes in fighting corruption in India .
First , bribery is a crime in India punishable with jail time .
Corrupt officials seldom encounter resistance by ordinary people that they become scared when people have the courage to show their zero rupee notes , effectively making a strong statement condemning bribery .
In addition , officials want to keep their jobs and are fearful about setting off disciplinary proceedings , not to mention risking going to jail .
More importantly , Anand believes that the success of the notes lies in the willingness of the people to use them .
People are willing to stand up against the practice that has become so commonplace because they are no longer afraid : first , they have nothing to lose , and secondly , they know that this initiative is being backed up by an organization –that is , they are not alone in this fight .
' What about pudding ?
Did you ask Mrs Lamb about pudding ?
About her frumenty ?'
' Which she is belching so and throwing up you can hardly hear yourself speak , ' said Killick , laughing merrily .
' And has been ever since we left Gib .
Shall I ask the gunner 's wife ?'
' No , no , ' said Jack .
No one the shape of the gunner 's wife could make frumenty , or spotted dog , or syllabub , and he did not wish to have anything to do with her .
 The Far Side of the World , pp. 78-79
The dinner itself went well ....
Attentive trolling from the wardroom lights had provided a handsome young swordfish ; the Commodore 's livestock three pair of fowls and a sheep , his cellar a considerable quantity of claret , unavoidably rather warm but of a quality to stand it ; and the small Jersey cow a syllabub ....
 The Commodore , p. 180 BOVINE UPDATE
When last heard from on this topic , our heroines were anxiously awaiting a Blessed Event .
We can now report that Lynette , the gentle cow all black and white , gave birth in late November at Old Bethpage Village Restoration , Nassau County Department of Recreation and Parks .
On the 13th of December , she assisted us in our great endeavor , under the wary supervision of her calf Norman .
( While waiting for the genuine article , incidentally , we performed the Cow Simulation maneuver depicted on the Foods from the Yellow Admiral Page .
There is historic precedent for this : Hannah Glasse says , " You may make this Syllabub at Home , only have new Milk ; make it as hot as Milk from the Cow , and out of a Tea - pot or any such Thing , pour it in , holding your Hand very high . " )
We are not by any means the first in our time to have attempted the historic feat of " direct - milking " Syllabubin fact , the Petits Propos Culinaires for May and August 1996 featured a series of articles and letters on the subject .
The making of this dish is apparently fraught with pitfalls for the unwary ; and the stories told by the experts were so daunting that it is perhaps fortunate we did not read about their findings until after our own bovine encounter .
If we had , the reports of mysterious flotsam in the bowl ( the least among which are hairs , dandruff and other cow detritus best left unidentified ) would probably have gone a long way toward dissuading us from attempting the experiment .
Worse than that , it seems that less - than - ideal pasturage ( such as weedy grass , wild garlic , etc. ) can have a deleterious effect on the taste and texture of the milk , producing stringy curds and disgusting smells .
Most fortunately for us and our cause , we had none of these problems : our syllabub was frothy and delicious .
Lynette must have been very well - fed and very well - groomed indeed .
Being a new mother , however , she was a mite " fratchety , " so we reluctantly agreed it would be the better part of valor to let the experienced Marty Jancheson ( left ) take care of the business end of the operation for us .
We are particularly grateful to Jim McKenna ( on right , at left ) for arranging the rendezvous .
Syllabub 2 cups port
2 cups medium dry sherry
8 teaspoons sugar either : 1 milch cow
or :
2 quarts unhomogenized milk
or :
1 1/2 quarts homogenized milk
2 cups heavy cream
whole nutmeg
In a very large bowl , combine the port , sherry , and sugar , and stir to dissolve .
( We found it expedient to do this ahead of time and bring jars of the mixture to the farmyard . )
Milk the cow directly into the bowl until you have approximately 2 quarts of milk .
( Be prepared to start all over again if the cow knocks over the bowlor steps in it both of which happened to us .
In fact , we finally gave up on the bowl and used Marty 's more stable bucket instead . )
( If you do not have access to a milch cow : use either unhomogenized milk or , as an absolute last resort , a combination of homogenized milk and heavy cream .
Heat to cow temperature approximately 103 degrees and pour into the bowl from cow height ; preferably using a soft squeezable bottle with a nipple and violently expressing the milk therefrom , to approximate the force and angle of the real thing . )
Pour the syllabub into goblets ( as seen above ) and grate a light dusting of nutmeg over it ( right ) .
Refrigerate an hour before serving or drink warm from the cow if you prefer .
Serves 8 . Variation : Staffordshire Syllabubinstead of port and sherry , use 4 cups cider and 1 cup brandy , and increase the sugar to 5 tablespoons .
" A Glass of Syllabub with you , Ma'am . "
GMAIL USERS : You can now follow Mashable 's official Google Buzz profile here : http://www.google.com/profiles/mashable
It 's official : Google has just announced Google Buzz , its newest push into the social media foray .
This confirms earlier reports of Gmail integrating a social status feature .
On stage revealing the new product was Bradley Horowitz , Google 's vice president for product management .
While introducing the product , Mr. Horowitz focused on the human penchant for sharing experiences and the social media phenomenon of wanting to share it in real time .
These two key themes were core philosophies behind Google Buzz .
" It 's becoming harder and harder to find signal in the noise , " Bradley stated before introducing the product manager for Google Buzz , Todd Jackson .
Here are the details :
Google Buzz : The Details
- Mr. Jackson introduced " a new way to communicate within Gmail . "
It 's " an entire new world within Gmail . "
Then he introduced the five key features that define Google Buzz :
- Key feature # 1 : Auto - following - Key feature # 2 : Rich , fast sharing experience - Key feature # 3 : Public and private sharing - Key feature # 4 : Inbox integration - Key feature # 5 : Just the good stuff
- Google then began the demo .
Once you log into Gmail , you 'll be greeted wiht a splash page introducing Google Buzz .
- There is a tab right under the inbox , labeled " Buzz "
- It provides links to websites , content from around the web .
Picasa , Twitter , Flickr and other sites are aggregated .
- It shows thumbnails when linked to photos from sites like Picasa and Flickr .
Clicking on an image will blow up the images to almost the entire browser , making them easier to see .
- It uses the same keyboard shortcuts as Gmail .
This makes sense .
Hitting " R " allows you to comment / reply to a buzz post , for example .
- There are public and private settings for different posts .
You can post updates to specific contact groups .
This is a lot like Facebook friend lists .
- Google wants to make sure you do n't miss comments , so it has a system to send you an e-mail letting you know about updates .
However , the e-mail will actually show you the Buzz you 've created and all of the comments and images associated with it .
- Comments update in real time .
- @replies are supported , just like Twitter .
If you @reply someone , it will send a buzz toward an individual 's inbox .
- Google Buzz has a " recommended " feature that will show buzzes from people you do n't follow if your friends are sharing or commenting on that person 's buzz .
You can remove it or change this in settings .
- Google is now speaking about using algorithms to help filter conversations , as well as mobile devices related to Buzz .
The Mobile Aspect
- Google buzz will be accessible via mobile in three ways : from Google Mobile 's website , from Buzz.
Google.com ( iPhone and Android ) , and from Google Mobile Maps .
- Buzz knows wher you are .
It will figure out what building you are and ask you if it 's right .
- Buzz has voice recognition and posts it right onto your buzz in real - time .
It also geotags your buzz posts .
- Place pages integrate Buzz .
- In the mobile interface , you can click " nearby " and see what people are saying nearby .
NIFTY , if I say so myself .
- You can layer Google Maps with Buzz .
You can also associate pictures with buzz within Google Maps .
- Conversation bubbles will appear on your Google Maps .
They are geotagged buzz posts , which lets you see what people are saying nearby .
- They just showed off a video for Buzz .
We 'll have it up soon .
The Third Act
- Google 's philosophy on social is this :
It wants buzz to be the paragon and poster child for creating a social destination in an open environment that adheres to open standards .
- It 's launching at 11:00 a.m. PT in its first wave .
A San Francisco man , accused of forcing a flight to divert because he was high on medical marijuana , picked the wrong flight attendant to freak out on .
Lorin Gorman of Chula Vista is a fourth - degree black belt in Tae Kwon Do .
Those skills may have averted a serious situation in the air .
US - Air flight 1447 was on its way from Philadelphia to San Francisco .
Gorman , 51 , says she noticed Kinman Chan , 30 , early in the flight .
" He was looking back at me , waving hi , " Gorman said of the man in seat 17-C .
But soon enough , the passenger became aggressive , Gorman says .
" He 's banging around , screaming in the back bathroom , he 's opened all the compartments , " the attendant remembers .
According to a criminal complaint , Chan walked out of the bathroom with his pants down .
" I said , ‘ You need to sit down now ’ , ” Gorman said .
He did not .
" He went like that with his elbow , " Gorman said , bracing her wrist as she threw an elbow at shoulder height .
" Well , what I did , I just put him in an arm lock .
To get his other arm , I had to jump up on the seat … He was resisting .
He was stiff .
At that point , I just put him into a choke hold . "
The plane was diverted to Pittsburgh where Chan was arrested .
He told police he'd taken a double dose of his medicinal marijuana , eating two pot cookies before the flight .
" After 911 , I took special training with my grand master to learn how to deal with small spaces and also what to look for in passengers , " Gorman said .
" I 'm glad I was there . "
Kinman Chan was charged with disrupting a flight attendant , which can carry a maximum penalty of up to 20 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine .
Its a place undefined in time , a location that no one would ever willingly travel to .
Are we there yet ?
The answer is yes .
But its going to take 7 to 8 years for the reality to sink in .
By David Harsanyi - January 13 , 2010
One glorious day , all of us will awaken in our mixed - use neighborhoods , rustle up nutritious garden - grown breakfasts and pedal our bikes to " green - collar " jobs using paths generously provided by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act .
As of this moment , however , the " green energy economy " is incapable of spurring the taillights on a motor scooter ( much less an economic recovery ) without a backup gas - powered generator and government subsidy .
Why , then -- just as we learned that 85,000 Americans " unexpectedly , " as news stories put it , had lost their jobs last month -- did the Obama administration pin recovery hopes on a colossally misguided social engineering project ?
We 're not talking about last year 's colossally misguided stimulus plan , which " created " and / or " saved " an incalculable number of nonexistent jobs in various imaginary ZIP codes -- though we do continue to learn more about that slapdash experiment .
At the time of the stimulus debate , President Barack Obama asserted that the " urgent need to accelerate job growth " would be tied to spending on ( ethically approved ) transportation projects .
Yet The Associated Press reported this week that unemployment rates rose and fell regardless of how much money Washington doled out ; the report was reviewed by independent economists at five universities .
No , this time the administration will renew its focus on stimulus through a new " green jobs " boondoggle .
President Obama announced this week that Washington will offer $ 2.3 billion in tax credits for " clean energy " jobs .
Using his very own pie - in - the - sky calculations , it puts the cost of every job at a tax - financed $ 135,000 .
The uncalculated part of the above equation is this : Bogus jobs kill real jobs .
At Madrid 's King Juan Carlos University , for instance , a study found that in Spain -- the very country Obama has held out as the exemplar of greening ( and with only a 19 - plus percent unemployment rate ! ) -- every green job created had destroyed 2.2 jobs in other sectors of the economy .
The administration plans on spreading an additional $ 100 million of wealth on green job training and another $ 500 million on energy efficiency and renewable energy companies -- on top of the billions already subsidizing these sectors on the state and federal levels .
It is a deeply unserious way to pretend to assist American recovery .
For instance , Labor Secretary Hilda Solis -- announcing the green effort on The Huffington Post -- claims that green jobs will increase American competitiveness by preparing workers for " a range of careers , " including " weatherization specialists , wind and energy auditors , and solar panel installers . "
Yep , that should do it .
One can forgive Solis for her absurdity , I suppose , as she never , from what I can tell , has held a paying position that was n't footed by taxpayers -- a trend in this administration .
Now , despite this effort to mold the economy to ideological tastes by predetermining which industries should succeed and fail , real jobs will return one day -- and it will have nothing to do with any high - minded legislation that layers on more centralized economic control .
In the meantime , utilizing unemployment fears , this administration continues to pursue social policy through faux stimulus plans , funneling money into acceptable sectors , no matter how inefficient , no matter how unviable , no matter how unsustainable .
What we 've learned is that the Obama administration will do anything humanly possible to rescue the economy , as long as it does n't relieve the pressure on the private sector .
After all , this president explained last year that he believes " only government " can get us out of our troubles .
And that 's our biggest problem now .
Why this resurgence of mistrust in our federal court system ?
You 'll remember that last November , Attorney General Eric Holder announced that these trials would be held in federal court in Manhattan .
It was the right thing to do .
But the right thing is n't always the easiest thing .
Holder has been under intense pressure from some members of Congress and NYC Mayor Michael Bloomberg to reverse his decision .
These members of Congress are now pressuring the White House itself to transfer the cases to the unconstitutional military commissions system .
I think you know how we feel about those military commissions ( second - class system of justice , created to guarantee convictions not justice — all that ) .
Sen .
Graham 's bill is dangerous because it will not only derail the administration 's current plans and tie the president 's hands , it will likely serve to delay justice even further .
Not only that , it challenges the idea that our criminal justice system can handle terrorism cases .
The facts , however , are against Sen. Graham .
The military commissions have successfully prosecuted three ( THREE ) terrorists since 2001 .
Our federal criminal courts have convicted 300 ( THREE HUNDRED ! ) in the same time frame .
Oh , and those three military commissions - convicted terrorists ?
Two have already served their time and are currently free .
If I was a betting woman ( and I am ) , I 'd put my money on our federal courts to get the job done .
Why is Sen. Graham betting against us ?
We and our coalition partners believe in the U.S. justice system and we believe that that is exactly where those accused of crimes belong .
Call your senators and ask them to oppose Sen.
Graham 's bill .
For more information , we 've just launched this handy landing page on the use of federal criminal courts for terrorism prosecutions .
Enjoy !
Iraq has given hundreds of guards linked to the private security company formerly known as Blackwater a week to leave the country or face arrest , Interior Ministry officials said Wednesday .
The order follows the dismissal in December by a U.S. federal judge of murder charges against five Blackwater guards accused of killing Iraqi civilians in a 2007 shooting incident on Baghdad ’s Nisoor Square .
The Iraqi government said that 17 people died in the shooting , in which Blackwater guards opened fire on the busy square after they said they had come under attack , though an FBI investigation found only 14 deaths .
About 250 guards employed by Blackwater at the time of the shooting have been told that they must surrender their weapons and leave the country within seven days , said an Interior Ministry official who spoke on condition of anonymity .
Interior Minister Jawad Bolani told the Associated Press the guards had been notified three days earlier .
Iraq refused to renew Blackwater ’s operating license after the shootings , which infuriated Iraqis and strained relations between the U.S. and Iraqi governments .
In 2009 , the U.S. State Department gave Blackwater ’s contract to protect U.S. personnel in Iraq to another security company , Triple Canopy , and Blackwater changed its name to Xe .
Many former Blackwater guards went to work for Triple Canopy , which is now responsible for guarding the U.S. Embassy , and some found work with other security companies in Iraq .
In Washington , a U.S. official said the State Department no longer has any contracts with Blackwater in Iraq , adding that there are no Blackwater guards involved in the Nisoor Square incident in the country .
Iraq has scheduled elections to be held in March , and any move against Blackwater is likely to appeal to voters .
Bolani , as head of a secular coalition , is a leading candidate in the elections .
The Iraqi government has said it plans to file a separate civil suit against Blackwater in U.S. courts , and last month U.S. Vice President Joe Biden promised Iraq during a visit to Baghdad that the Obama administration would appeal the decision to dismiss the murder charges .
Blackwater has reached out - of - court settlements providing compensation to 45 wounded people and the families of 19 slain Iraqis , all of whom claim they were victims of shootings by Blackwater guards in several different incidents .
liz.sly@latimes.com
Ahmed is a staff writer in The Times ’ Baghdad Bureau .
THE FACTS
The reason people count sheep , as opposed to bluebirds or sailboats , is uncertain ; some authorities think it may have to do with a tallying system devised by shepherds in ancient Britain .
But there is no question that the phrase has entered the language .
And its meaning is clear enough  the sheer monotony of the task is meant to lull you to sleep .
But does it work ?
Scientists at Oxford University put it to the test .
In their study , which appeared in the journal Behavior Research and Therapy , two sleep researchers recruited insomniacs and split them into groups .
Then they monitored them as they tried different techniques for falling asleep on various nights .
Image Credit ... Christoph Neimann
What they found was that subjects took slightly longer to fall asleep on nights they were instructed to distract themselves by counting sheep or were given no instructions at all .
But when they were told to imagine a relaxing scene  a beach , for example  they fell asleep an average of 20 minutes sooner than they did on other nights .
Counting sheep , the scientists suggested , may simply be too boring to do for very long , while images of a soothing shoreline or tranquil stream are engrossing enough to concentrate on .
Nashville , Tennessee ( CNN ) --
The organizer of the Tea Party Convention says he agrees with Tom Tancredo 's description of President Obama as a socialist .
The former congressman from Colorado and 2008 Republican presidential candidate blasted Obama , saying " people who could not even spell the word ' vote ' , or say it in English , put a committed socialist ideologue in the White House .
His name is Barack Hussein Obama . "
Tancredo made his comments
Thursday night as he gave the kickoff speech for the convention , which is being held at the Gaylord Opryland Hotel and Convention Center in Nashville .
Judson Phillips , a Tennessee lawyer who formed Tea Party Nation and who organized what 's being billed as the first national Tea Party Convention , told reporters Friday that " Tom Tancredo gave a fantastic speech last night .
I think he is an amazing politician . "
Asked if he agrees with Tancredo 's description of Obama , Phillips said , " The word ' socialist ' is a word you do n't want to be labeled with in the American political system .
It 's got a lot of negative connotations , but it also has a very specific political meaning .
It refers to a specific political ideology .
I think it is very clear that that is the political ideology of Barack Obama . "
Phillips added that he thinks " Tancredo does n't feel like a lot of people who supported Barack Obama understand the basics of this country . "
A spokesman for the Tea Party Nation , the group that organized the convention , said Tancredo 's speech may have provided some red meat but termed it problematic .
Are you at the Tea Party convention ?
Share your photos , video
" It does n't further the dialogue , " said Mark Skoda , a businessman and founder of the Memphis Tea Party , who is also serving as spokesman for the convention .
In his speech , Tancredo also slammed the 2008 Republican presidential nominee , saying " thank God John McCain lost the election .
Phillips agreed , adding , " I think a McCain presidency would have been far worse than Bush one or Bush two .
I think it would have been a total disaster .
I think we would have gotten the worst of what we are getting in the Obama administration and really nothing positive from what would have been allegedly be a conservative party , or allegedly be a conservative leader . "
Phillips also announced that he will hold another Tea Party convention in July .
He declined to name a location for the event .
The other major news to come out of Friday 's news conference : some of the organizers are forming a tax - exempt , nonprofit corporation called the Ensuring Liberty Corporation and a soon - to - be- established affiliated political action committee .
Skoda says the formation of the corporation and the PAC is a way that the Tea Party movement can participate in politics and termed it " a conservative effort in support of candidates . "
Skoda predicted this would be an outlet for people who took part in Tea Party protests to get involved in campaign politics .
He listed six congressional races in the Southeast where endorsements may be made .
Along with the corporation and PAC , Skoda announced that candidates seeking backing would need to agree with a list of " first principles " consisting of fiscal responsibility , lower taxes , less government , states ' rights and national security .
He said he did not consider those principles a litmus test for candidates .
Skoda also said he does not support a third - party movement .
Contrary to Tancredo's remarks , the Tea Party is not about " name - calling , " said Rand Paul , whose campaign for a U.S. Senate seat in Kentucky is supported by the Tea Party .
" There are politicians who have gone into the movement and tried to become part of the movement , " he said on CNN 's American Morning .
" But really the movement is about individual people . "
The activists are mostly concerned about the " fiscal insolvency of our nation , " he said .
" We have to do something , and it 's not going to come from the career politicians . "
Speeches are not the focus of the convention .
Panels , sessions and workshops are the bread and butter of this event .
Among the sessions scheduled for Friday are ones on how to conduct voter registration drives and where to find conservative votes , women in politics , how to organize a Tea Party group , how to involve youth in the conservative movement , grass roots " on the ground , " how to unite state Tea Party groups , technology in the Tea Party movement and why Christians must engage .
" This convention is a way to galvanize the conservative movement in a way that the general rallies do not , " said Skoda , leading a panel on technology in the movement .
Organizers hope the three - day event will help strengthen the anti-big - government movement .
On its Web site , Tea Party Nation says the event is " aimed at bringing the Tea Party Movement leaders together from around the nation for the purpose of networking and supporting the movement 's multiple organizations ' principal goals . "
There has been pushback against the convention and its organizers from both outsiders and some in the movement because of the Tea Party Nation 's for - profit status and because the price of entry attendees have paid for access to the workshops and seminars being held through Saturday .
Red State blogger Erick Erickson wrote that while he has good things to say about some groups within the Tea Party , " this national Tea Party convention smells scammy . "
Mark Meckler said he and Jenny Beth Martin , co-founders of the Tea Party Patriots , are n't participating in the convention because " it was n't the kind of grass - roots organization that we are , so we declined to participate . "
Organizers say some 600 people have paid $ 549 each to attend the convention and that the event is sold out .
But they add that tickets costing $ 349 are still available for Saturday night 's banquet , where former Alaska governor and 2008 GOP vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin will give the convention 's keynote address .
Neither convention organizers nor a spokeswoman for Palin would confirm reports that she 's getting paid around $ 100,000 for her keynote appearance .
" I will not benefit financially from speaking at this event , " Palin said in a statement this week .
" Any compensation for my appearance will go right back to the cause . "
Sherry Phillips , who along with her husband , Nashville attorney Judson Phillips , founded Tea Party Nation , said earlier this week in a message to supporters that " we fully expect to break even at this event .
We may even make a few thousand dollars to cover local operating costs of TPN . "
Phillips also fired back at her critics , saying , " We never did this to make us rich or famous .
Quite the contrary , we are patriots who love our country , our members and the people who are coming to Nashville to attend this great event . "
As controversy surrounds the convention , tensions have been rising among Tea Party activists .
Rival factions are battling over who will carry the Tea Party banner , and others worry that powerful groups are " Astroturfing " what they think should remain a grass - roots group .
Last week two major speakers scheduled for the convention dropped out of the lineup .
Rep. Marsha Blackburn of Tennessee and Rep. Michele Bachmann of Minnesota announced that they would not attend the convention , which is being held at the Gaylord Opryland Hotel and Convention Center in Nashville .
Blackburn was scheduled to serve as a featured speaker and introduce Palin .
Bachman was scheduled to serve as one of the convention 's kickoff speakers .
Both are strong supporters of the Tea Party movement .
Both said the House Committee on Standards of Official Conduct advised them not to participate because of the convention 's for - profit status .
And both said the canceling of their speeches is not a sign that their commitment to the Tea Party movement is fading .
CNN 's Kristi Keck and Mary Snow contributed to this report .
‘ We learn more by looking for the answer to a question and not finding it than we do from learning the answer itself . ’
~ Lloyd Alexander
By Leo Babauta
I am a teacher and an avid learner , and I ’m passionate about both .
I ’m a teacher because I help Eva homeschool our kids —
OK , she does most of the work , but I do help , mostly with math but with everything else too .
I also teach habits , writing / blogging , simplicity and other fun topics in online courses .
I ’m a lifelong learner and am always obsessively studying something , whether that ’s breadmaking or language or wine or chess or writing or fitness .
Here ’s are two key lessons — both really the same lesson —
I ’ve learned about learning , in all my years of study and in trying to teach people :
Almost everything I ’ve learned , I did n’t learn in school ; and Almost everything my students ( and kids ) have learned , they learned on their own .
Those two lessons ( or one lesson ) have a number of reasons and implications for learning .
Let ’s take a look at some of them , in hopes you might find them useful .
Why Learning is Independent
One of the foundations of Unschooling , which Eva and I and the kids do here at home , is that you ’re not teaching subjects to your kids — in fact , you ’re not really teaching them at all .
They take responsibility for their learning , and do it because they ’re interested in something , not because you tell them they should learn it .
This is exactly how I learn as an adult , and so I know it works .
When teachers ( wonderful people that they were ) tried to teach me something in school , I often became bored , and just did what I needed to do to do well on the test .
Not because the subject or the teacher was boring , but because it was n’t something I cared about .
They wanted me to learn it because they thought I should , but that ’s not why people learn something .
They learn it because they care about it — because they find it incredibly interesting , or because they need it to do something they really want to do .
When teachers succeeded in getting me to learn , it was only because they made something seem so interesting that I started to care about it .
But then I learned on my own , either in class while ignoring everyone else , or more likely after class in the library or at home .
That ’s because someone walking you through the steps of learning something does n’t work — you are n’t learning when you ’re just listening to someone tell you how something works .
You ’re learning when you try to do that something — putting it into action .
That ’s when the real learning begins and the superficial learning ends — when you try something and fail , and adjust and try again , and solve countless little problems as you do so .
The best teachers know this , and so they inspire , and help you to put the learning into action .
As an adult , I ’ve learned a lot on my own .
The stuff I ’ve just read , I ’ve mostly forgotten .
But the stuff I ’ve put into action by playing with it , by practicing , by creating and sharing with others — that stuff has stuck with me .
I truly learned it .
I learned about blogging when I started blogging , and kept doing it for five years — not by reading blogs about blogging .
My students have learned habits and decluttering and meditation and blogging from me not because I told them something brilliants , but because the ones who really learned put it into action .
They formed a simple habit , decluttered their homes , did 5 minutes of meditation for 30 days , blogged .
This is where the real learning happens — when the fingers start moving , the feet start dancing , not when you hear or read something .
How to Learn ( or Teach )
The teacher ’s job , really , is to fascinate the student .
Fascination is the key to learning .
Then help the student put the fascination into action .
It follows then , that if you ’re teaching yourself , your job is exactly the same .
Here ’s how to learn :
Get fascinated .
As a teacher , you should fascinate the student by rediscovering with her all the things that originally fascinated you about the topic .
If you ca n’t get fascinated , you wo n’t care enough to really learn something .
You ’ll just go through the motions .
How do you get fascinated ?
Often doing something with or for other people helps to motivate me to look more deeply into something , and reading about other people who have been successful / legendary at it also fascinates me .
Pour yourself into it .
I will read every website and book I can get my hands on .
Google and the library are my first stops .
They ’re free .
The used bookstore will be next .
There are always an amazing amount of online resources to learn anything .
If there is n’t , create one .
Do it , in small steps .
Actually doing whatever you want to do will be scary .
You can learn as much Spanish vocabulary as you like , but until you start having conversations , you wo n’t really know it .
You can read as much about chess as you like , but you have to put the problems into action , and play games .
You can read about how to program , but you wo n’t know it until you actually code .
Start with small , non-scary steps , with as little risk as possible , focusing on fun , easy skills .
Play .
Learning is n’t work .
It ’s fun .
If you ’re learning because you think you should , not because you ’re having fun with it , you will not really stick with it for long , or you ’ll hate it and not care about it .
So make it play .
Make games out of it .
Sing and dance while you do it .
Show off your new skills to people , with a smile on your face .
Do it with others .
I believe most learning is done on your own , but doing it with others makes it fun .
I like to work out with my friends and with Eva .
I like to bake bread for my family .
I like to play chess with my kids .
That motivates me to learn , because I want to do well when I do it with others .
Feel free to move around .
I will dive into something for a couple weeks , and then move on to something else .
That ’s OK .
That ’s how passion for a topic often works .
Sometimes it will last for a long time , sometimes it ’s a short intense burst .
You ca n’t control it .
Allow yourself to wander if that ’s where things lead you .
But deep learning takes months or years .
You can learn a lot about something in 2 - 4 weeks , but you really become an expert at something only after months and years of doing it .
I knew a lot about blogging after 6 months , but I waited a couple years before I was comfortable teaching others about it .
Even now , after 5 + years of blogging , I ’m still learning .
The same applies to habits —
I ’ve learned a lot after 7 years of successfully creating habits , and now can actually teach it with some confidence .
So how do you allow yourself to wander , but stick with something for long enough to get deep learning ?
By wandering around within the topic .
You can learn a lot about wine in a month , for example , but what if after that you focused on cabernet sauvignon for a month , then zinfandel , then pinot noir ?
What if then you decided to learn about Oregon pinot noirs , then Sonoma pinots , then ( the wonderful ) pinots from Burgundy ?
You ’d be wandering around , but going deeper and deeper .
You can also move away from a topic , then get fascinated with it again and come back to it .
Test yourself .
You can learn a lot of information quickly by studying something , testing yourself , studying again to fill in the holes in your knowledge , testing again , and repeating until you have it by heart .
That ’s not always the most fun way to learn , but it can work well .
Alternatively , you can learn by playing , and when you play , allow that to be your test .
Disagree .
Do n’t just agree that everything you ’re reading or hearing from others on a topic is correct , even if they are foremost experts .
First , experts are often wrong , and it ’s not until they are challenged that new knowledge is found .
Second , even if they are right and you are wrong by disagreeing , you learn by disagreeing .
By disagreeing , you have already not only considered what you ’ve been given , but formulated an alternative theory .
Then you have to try to test to see which is right , and even if you find that the first information or theory was right and you were wrong , now you know that much better than if you just agreed .
I ’m not saying to disagree with everything , but the more you do , the better you ’ll learn .
Do n’t disagree in a disagreeable way , and do n’t hold onto your theories too tightly and be defensive about them .
Teach it .
There is no better way to cement your knowledge than to teach it to others .
It ’s OK if you do n’t really know it that well — as long as you ’re honest about that when you ’re teaching it to someone .
For example , I ’m a beginner at chess , but I will learn something about it and teach it to my kids — they know I ’m not a tournament contender , let alone a master , and yet I ’m still teaching them something they do n’t know .
And when I do , I begin to really understand it , because to teach you have to take what you ’ve absorbed , reflect upon it , find a way to organize it so that you can communicate it to someone else clearly enough for them to understand it , see their mistakes and help correct them , see where the holes in your knowledge are , and more .
Learning can be subliminal .
We think we ’re in control of our minds and we ’re like programmers telling our minds what to learn , how to learn , and what data to retain .
No .
Our minds work in mysterious ways , and cannot be tightly controlled .
They wander , latch onto the weirdest things , and soak up more than we know .
Later , you can come back to what you ’ve absorbed , and test yourself , and find you knew something you did n’t realize you knew .
The lesson is to expose yourself to as much as possible on a topic , and allow yourself to absorb it .
Sometimes your mind will pick up patterns you did n’t consciously realize were there , but then can use those patterns later when you put the learning into action .
Reflect on your learning by blogging .
You soak up a ton of information and patterns , and you can put that into action , but when you sit down and reflect on what you ’ve learned , and try to share that with others ( as I ’m doing right now ) , you force yourself to think deeply , to synthesize the knowledge and to organize it , much as you do when you teach it to others .
Blogging is a great tool for reflection and sharing what you ’ve learned , even if you do n’t hope to make a living at it .
And it ’s free .
A funny thing happened when players of BioShock 2 began downloading a $ 5 package of downloadable content :
They realized there was n’t very much to download at all .
Turns out , most of the “ Sinclair Solutions ‘ content pack — a collection of characters , abilities and challenges for the game ’s multiplayer component — was already on the disc .
A community manager for publisher 2 K Games confirmed that its customers were basically buying an unlock code .
She explained that if the content was n’t included on the disc , players who bought the DLC would n’t be able to play with people who did n’t .
Outrage in this situation easily turns to the obvious .
If the content already there , why is 2 K charging for it ?
It would be a valid question if downloadable content was n’t already sandwiched against new releases , but publishers are increasingly relying on these optional extras to boost profits ( for example , last year ’s versus mode for Resident Evil 5 or the Warden ’s Keep dungeon in Dragon Age : Origins ) .
Not enough people voted against these extras with their wallets , and the rest of us lost the battle .
Whether the disc actually holds the content is academic if it ’s all being released at the same time .
I propose a different question :
Why is 2 K withholding a portion of the multiplayer that lets players progress further in the game ?
Among the pseudo - DLC ’s contents , you get the ability to reach level 50 , new ways to evolve your weapons and extra trials that give you more powers .
It ’s the multiplayer equivalent of stopping players before the last level of a game and making them pay $ 5 to see the conclusion .
I know , multiplayer is n’t plot - driven , and there ’s no ending whether you buy the extra content or not .
But it feels cheap to hit a ceiling in multiplayer that goes away if you pay up , especially considering that 2 K did n’t announce this little trick until after the game was released .
This story , " BioShock 2 ’s Disc - Free DLC Has Gamers Peeved " was originally published by Technologizer .
Whether you are preparing to file for bankruptcy , divorce your spouse , or draft your will , a skilled lawyer can help you protect your interests and plan for the future .
Rupp - Zimmerman Law , P.C. , in Fort Collins , Colorado , represents clients throughout their life span .
I am attorney Jacob Rupp - Zimmerman , and as a lifetime resident of Colorado , I am committed to serving its residents and businesses .
I provide legal services in :
Bankruptcy
Tax Law
Family Law
Estate Planning
Business Law
Business Litigation
Civil Appeals
Personal attention and persistence are hallmarks of my firm .
I take the time to discuss your goals and then aggressively pursue them .
Contact me for a free initial consultation .
Dedicated to Debt Relief
As a bankruptcy lawyer , my priority is helping Larimer County consumers and businesses resolve debt issues .
I can help you make a fresh start through Chapter 7 , reorganize your business debt through Chapter 11 , keep your farm under Chapter 12 and keep your home through Chapter 13 bankruptcy .
Compassionate Family Law Attorney
If you are seeking a divorce or you need a modification to a child custody arrangement , you can rely on me for compassionate counsel and strong advocacy .
I have the skills to take on complex cases , and I will provide aggressive representation in negotiations or in the courtroom .
Comprehensive Tax and Estate Planning
For businesses and individuals , I offer a range of tax and estate planning services .
I handle tax planning , tax return preparation , and tax litigation .
I also help individuals and families establish wills and trusts and defend them .
In probate litigation , I will represent beneficiaries or the fiduciaries of an estate .
Contact me to discuss your case .
My downtown Fort Collins office is conveniently located in the Opera Galleria building .
Hours are 7 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through Thursday , and 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. on Friday .
I offer prearranged evening and weekend appointments .
Major credit cards are accepted .
Mr. Gasparoni , who has lived here all his life and works as a tax manager for a medical device company , said that he had never campaigned for anyone before , but that he was moved to act because he was upset about the state ’s decision to raise its sales tax , was leery of the health bill in Congress and was fed up with the scandals involving several Democratic state lawmakers .
“ I think people have had enough , ” Mr. Gasparoni said .
States do not get much more Democratic than Massachusetts .
Democrats hold every statewide office and control both houses of the legislature with lopsided majorities .
The state ’s entire Congressional delegation is Democratic .
But Massachusetts does not always live up to its national stereotype as a bastion of liberalism .
Yes , it was the only state to vote for George McGovern for president in 1972 , but it also voted twice for Ronald Reagan .
Democratic enrollment has fallen from 48 percent of the electorate in 1984 to 37 percent last year .
And thanks largely to votes from independent voters in the suburbs , Massachusetts was led by Republican governors for 16 straight years , until Gov. Deval Patrick , a Democrat , broke the streak with his 2006 landslide election .
Now Mr. Patrick is dealing with slipping approval ratings as he seeks re-election .
In tough times like these , the political hegemony of the Democrats has its risks .
“ The Democrats are controlling both Washington and Beacon Hill , ” said Joseph Malone , a Republican who served as the state treasurer during the 1990s .
“ So if I ’m angry as hell about what ’s going on with our government , who am I going to throw out ?
Who am I going to vote against ?
That ’s a big part of this race . ”
Several political analysts said that it was still possible  some said it was even likely  that Ms. Coakley , the state ’s attorney general , would win on Tuesday , particularly if Mr. Obama ’s visit helps turn out the Democratic faithful in strongholds like Boston and if Ms. Coakley is able to hold down Mr. Brown ’s margins among independents .
But independent , suburban voters in several other parts of the Northeast voted Republican in November after trending Democratic for years , ousting Gov. Jon Corzine of New Jersey , a Democrat , and unexpectedly returning Nassau County , on Long Island , to Republican rule .
Christmas holiday prayer helps us in remembering Jesus and thanking him for everything .
Check out the prayers for Christmas given here .
Anyone who has experienced the spirituality in prayers knows that they have the strength to uplift you to a tranquil state of mind .
You lose your doubts and your apprehensions when you put yourself in the hands of an omnipotent God .
Prayers are a very personal choice and should never be imposed upon you by anyone .
How you pray and what you want to pray for are completely your decisions and yet you need to experience it for the first time to know how it feels .
Thankfully , parents do their bit in introducing prayers to children so that they may appreciate them when they can understand their meaning better .
Christmas is the celebration of the birth of Jesus Christ or Nativity of Christ .
It is important to note that the figure of the � Son of God ' was not born amidst riches or to a King .
He had the origins of being born to humble parents in a stable whose virtue lay in their spotless character .
It is thus a beautiful truth that spiritual awakening came to the seeker regardless of whether he possessed worldly riches or not .
Thus , Christmas prayers celebrating Jesus ' birth make you feel blessed that God or the Supreme Being once walked this very earth and opened a path from the earth to heaven for everyone to follow .
Christmas prayers can be of many different hues and shades but the essence of these prayers is thanking the Lord for what He has given you and speaking positive affirmations that things will improve .
This feeling of gratitude fills you with inspiration and comfort for a better tomorrow even when things in this world might not be perfect at the moment .
So , if you have n't yet felt the power of a prayer full of hope , optimism and positive words , experience it once to develop the faith everyone requires in their life for that intangible solace humans seek .
Christmas for many is more than just a festival .
It is a jubilant time in everyone 's life that they prefer to spend with their family and friends .
It is more like a time to have a reunion .
There is nothing more than having a fun filled atmosphere with your family , eating those wonderful Christmas delights while exchanging Christmas gifts with each other .
Christmas day is one of the biggest festivals celebrated by the people all over the world .
The entire season is loaded with lights , anticipation , candles , gifts and singing .
The day is celebrated to commemorate the birth of Jesus .
The festival of Christmas is a unique blend of fun and religious fervor .
The Christmas tree , melodious carols , jingling of church bells , the manger scene , and the lights shining in the darkness proclaim the birth of Jesus Christ .
A number of traditions mark the Christmas celebrations .
Christmas
Eve is celebrated a day before the Christmas festival .
It is a culturally important celebration .
It is widely observed all over the world with religious fervor .
Different people in different parts of the world have their own Christmas Eve traditions .
For most of us , Christmas can be wrapped up in gleeful holiday with embellished Christmas tree , delicious delicacies , receiving gifts and wishes from friends and family , and finally waiting for Santa Claus and his gifts to arrive .
However , what we forget is the religious connotation of the festival .
It is the first time since 1913 that a northern bottlenose whale has been seen in the Thames , and hundreds of onlookers rushed to the riverside to watch as it progressed past parliament .
Experts say they are very concerned for the whale - normally found in deep seawater - and there was increasing concern about its chances of making it back to the sea , around 40 miles downstream .
There was speculation that if it became beached and stranded it could have to be put down in a mercy killing to minimise its suffering .
At one stage before 2 pm , the 4.5 metre ( 15 ft ) long mammal came close to becoming beached near Battersea , coming within yards of the riverbank .
A number of members of the public jumped into the river and splashed around to encourage the whale to move back into deeper waters .
It swam as far up river as Chelsea before lifeboats turned it around just short of Albert Bridge .
By 5 pm , the whale - not yet thought to be fully grown - had moved away from the banks near Westminster and was spending more time beneath the surface .
Experts were at the scene , and a four - strong flotilla of boats - including a harbourmaster 's vessel - kept watch on it .
Earlier today Liz Sandeman , a marine mammal medic who went out in a lifeboat to examine the whale , said : " It looks quite healthy and quite relaxed .
It 's breathing normally and its weight seems good . "
However , a statement released by the British Divers Marine Life Rescue ( BDMLR ) later said the whale was showing increasing signs of " poor health " .
Alan Knight , of the BDMLR , said there was currently a flood tide and the whale could become stranded when the tide changed .
Efforts could then be made to refloat it using specialist inflatable pontoon equipment that was being sent to the scene and could help direct it back towards the sea .
" We would only send it on its way if it has a good sense of survival , " Mr Knight said .
" If it does get stranded , it may have to be anaesthetised . "
There is concern that boats in the river could pose a danger to the whale , with the noise of their engines adding to its disorientation .
It appeared to have received a small cut from rocks , and earlier today there were signs of blood in the water - but Mr Knight said this was not a serious concern .
He explained that reports of a whale making its way up the Thames had first been received yesterday .
" We had a report of two whales going up the Thames and we sent divers , but we only found one , " he added .
" At about 6 pm [ last night ] it went back out again past the [ Thames ] barrier and we thought it was gone .
" Then at 8.30 am today we got a phone call from someone on a train who thought they had just hallucinated and seen a whale going up the Thames near Waterloo Bridge . "
Reports said a second whale , believed to be of the same species , had been seen at Southend - on - Sea .
Northern bottlenose whales are normally seen in the north Atlantic off Norway , in the Barents Sea and off northern Britain and Ireland in the summer .
They have bulbous foreheads , look like very large bottle - nosed dolphins and usually feed in deep water .
The mammals can grow to 10 metres in length and are inquisitive , sometimes approaching boats in the north Atlantic .
A source from the Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs said : " Because this is a deep water creature coming into shallow waters , it is possible that its sonar has been affected and it could be disorientated . "
Tom Howard - Vyne , the head of communications at the London Eye , said he had seen the whale on the opposite bank of the river to Westminster .
" I saw it blow , it was a spout of water which sparkled in the air .
It was on this side of Westminster Bridge ... it was an amazing sight . "
