The teenager gave birth in a medical room at the school
The baby was born in a medical room at St Joseph's Catholic College in Cunliffe Road on Friday , a school spokesman said .
An ambulance was called but the girl had given birth by the time it arrived .
The Year 11 pupil is not thought to have known she was pregnant .
Spokesman for the Catholic Diocese of Leeds , John Grady , said the girl and her baby were " fine " .
" It is something that will be talked about for some time but we are just happy that the girl is OK , the baby is OK , and hopefully they will be home this weekend and spend Christmas at home , " he said .
" It is not going to help to go moralising on the whole situation .
That is not important , what is important is that the child and the baby are fine and everything is being done for them and their parents . "
Mr Grady said the head teacher had met the girl 's mother and preparations had been made for her to return to school and continue with her education .
Forget oil -- water is what we will need
- - Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Forget oil -- water is what we will need 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
When the Rivers Run Dry
Water -- The Defining Crisis of the Twenty - First Century
By Fred Pearce
BEACON PRESS ; 324 PAGES ; $ 26.95
The world 's water crisis should n't be hard to miss .
It 's almost everywhere we look .
In the American West , water disputes are getting more heated and more frequent .
The Rio Grande barely makes it all the way to the Gulf of Mexico anymore .
Worldwide , more than a billion people do n't have access to clean water .
And yet , when most people think of a natural - resource crisis for the coming century , it 's usually oil that comes to mind .
To help shift the focus , Fred Pearce , a correspondent for Britain 's New Scientist , has written a much - needed book that explains what the problem is , and what can be done to fix it .
As the title of " When the Rivers Run Dry " suggests , the problem starts with rivers and works its way out .
The massive demands of the agricultural " green revolution " that has dramatically boosted world food production over the past three decades -- along with thirsty industries such as textiles -- have taken their toll on rivers .
One third of Pakistan 's Indus River is diverted to cotton fields , drying out large swaths of the Sindh province and leading to the overcrowding of Karachi .
China 's Yellow River often struggles to reach the sea , and in 1997 it stopped short of its delta for more than seven months , much of that time trickling into the sand 485 miles inland .
Pearce does a masterful job of describing the raft of problems that drying rivers cause .
Farmers are forced to either scale back on crop production , give up farming and head to a city , or find water from somewhere else .
The same goes for people in need of drinking water and water for sanitation .
In many parts of the world , this has led people to drill deep into aquifers that have been storing water over thousands of years .
Each year , for example , California pumps out 15 percent more water from the ground than the rains replenish , and Arizona 100 percent more .
A quarter of India 's crops are irrigated with water pumped out of aquifers at an alarming rate , portending a major crisis in the coming years .
This can't last for much longer .
Pearce 's anecdotes and examples are meticulously catalogued .
He files dispatches from the far corners of the world -- Bangladesh , Mexico , Cambodia and Nigeria , to name a few -- each carefully reported and personalized .
The wealth of examples and data is a great strength .
Unfortunately , it 's also a major weakness .
The level of detail too often detracts from the overall thrust of the book .
Instead of delving right into the problems facing Pakistan , for instance , Pearce offers more than three pages of its hydraulic history .
The reporting is solid , but Pearce could have weaved several of his anecdotes together rather than segmenting them so heavily , each in a chapter of its own .
Still , this problem is preferable to the more common one :
When an author pontificates without providing enough real - life relevance to an overarching message .
Ultimately , even at the end of a disjointed set of chapters , the reader gets Pearce 's point .
Solutions to water problems are necessarily local ( which in part explains his anecdotal approach ) .
This is why Pearce does n't lay out a " big fix . "
He chronicles the success of harvesting rainwater in western India and the Palestinian territories .
He explains the costs and benefits of desalination in areas hugging seas .
He sensibly weighs in on the controversy over large dam projects , arguing that the costs have been understated and the benefits overstated , but because he does not oppose all large dam projects per se , he is not conventionally anti-dam .
To understand the extent of the water problem , consider Pearce 's analysis of an average breakfast .
It takes 207 gallons of water to produce a two - egg omelet , two pieces of toast and a cup of coffee .
That 's nothing compared to the 3,000 gallons of water needed to grow the feed for the portion of a cow that goes into a Quarter - Pounder , or the 500 to 1,000 gallons of water behind every quart of milk the cow produces .
A pound of sugar takes 400 gallons , and a pound of rice can require up to 650 gallons .
These are examples of " virtual water " -- the water required in the growing and manufacture of products .
Remember this term , because it will soon find its way into the media mainstream .
Pearce 's chief recommendation is to restore sanity to irrigation , so as to bring down the amount of water needed to produce each morsel of food .
The world grows twice as much food as it did a generation ago , but it takes three times more water from rivers and underground aquifers to do it .
" We need to fit the crops grown to the availability " rather than the other way around , Pearce writes .
This would eliminate the madness of growing wheat in Saudi Arabia , oranges in Israel , alfalfa in northern Mexico and cotton in the Indus valley of Pakistan .
It also would require new methods and practices , such as drip irrigation and rain harvesting .
" When the Rivers Run Dry " is a timely book on an underreported issue .
In an ideal world it would have a large audience here and abroad .
Yet it 's hard not to feel as though Pearce has missed an opportunity to reach more readers by relying so heavily on case studies .
Still , those who patiently take Pearce 's tour through the global water crisis will be treated to an enriching and farsighted work .
READER COMMENTS ON
" NASA Labor Union Endorses Whistleblower / Candidate Clint Curtis ! "
( 59 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... KestrelBrighteyes said on 7/8/2006 @ 11:58 am PT ...
* bfg *
And the times , they are a'changin ....
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Bluebear2 said on 7/8/2006 @ 11:59 am PT ...
Thank you NASA !
I 've been watching the space walk all morning !
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Robert Lockwood Mills said on 7/8/2006 @ 12:07 pm PT ...
Feeney warned his constitutents that Democrats would bring in " union thugs " to try to " steal " the district .
I guess he was right .
Mrs. Feeney must be a union thug .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Agent99 said on 7/8/2006 @ 12:21 pm PT ...
Maybe Mrs. Feeney warned Mr. Feeney , who warned the constituency that Clint was going to use Mrs. Feeney against them , or bumper sticker : " Vote For Me Because I 'm The Only One Who Can Control Voting Machines ( ... if not my wife ... ) "
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Mitch said on 7/8/2006 @ 12:33 pm PT ...
Tom Feeney is not the opponent right now .
Andy Michaud is .
It 'll be hard enough getting past him .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 7/8/2006 @ 1:55 pm PT ...
Right on local 525 , I 'm an IBEW member myself Good for you Clint , thats one good endorsement there
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 7/8/2006 @ 5:31 pm PT ...
" Brad 's Brother " , # 7 ,
Huh ?
What a weird message to post here .
How pathetic .
Getting desperate , eh ?
-- Chris Hooten
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Peg C said on 7/8/2006 @ 5:32 pm PT ...
Twerp attack .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 7/8/2006 @ 5:34 pm PT ...
Good , they removed that stupid crap .
( there was a different message # 7 ...)
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Agent99 said on 7/8/2006 @ 5:46 pm PT ...
Sheesh .
I go water my flower bed for a few minutes , and ....
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Bluebear2 said on 7/8/2006 @ 9:42 pm PT ...
99 You 've got a wet flower bed , but I 've got a futon ! ; )
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Agent99 said on 7/8/2006 @ 9:46 pm PT ...
And , yer just praisin ' da fates it ain't wet !
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Jewels said on 7/8/2006 @ 10:06 pm PT ...
This Transport Workers endorsement is great news for Team / Curtis .
Other unions are sure to follow .
With them , they bring support and volunteers .
Arrogance is not needed right now .
Determination is in order ; and may the person that can win against Feeney win the Dem ticket is all I can say .
I have not seen hide nor hair of Andy anywhere ( as a constituent in District 24 ) .
After my last email to him , I received a message about his mother - in - law 's passing .
Beside that , I 've seen one letter to the editor which lashed out against FBI searching of local Congressional offices .
I have not seen him at Democratic training sessions or at any Fair Elections events .
Who will run his vet business if he were to win against Curtis and Feeney ?
I wonder ( tin -hat time ) if the Repubs are helping to fill his bank account with $ 200,000 .
Jewels
www.clintcurtis.com
Give Clint $ 25.00 or $ 500 .
But give .
And tell everyone you know .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 7/9/2006 @ 6:48 am PT ...
I posted this before : Clint : Watch out for the DEM PRIMARY to be hacked , not the final election .
You wo n't even get there .
Question :
What makes us think primaries are n't hacked , even Dem primaries ?
It 's illogical that e-vote fraud has been proven , but we all do n't talk about it happening in Dem primaries ...
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... molly said on 7/9/2006 @ 7:55 am PT ...
Why else would we have repub lite dems .
filling the house and senate .
Anybody who represents US is demonized on MSM on top of election fraud .
Heard yesterday on Air America Nixon did n't win the popular vote .
The electoral College put him in .
Or shall I say big oil .
Their politics are ruining both parties.ed
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Winter Patriot said on 7/9/2006 @ 10:01 am PT ...
Big Dan # 14 GOOD POINT !
I agree totally , and I have said so before , many times .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 7/9/2006 @ 2:06 pm PT ...
Watch the Clint PRIMARY exit polls ... very very carefully ... we should 've been watching Dean - Kerry primaries , I 'm sorry to say ...
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 7/9/2006 @ 2:08 pm PT ...
Remember Howard Dean was WAY ahead in the pre-election primaries , and Kerry came from NOWHERE ???
He was like 4th !!!
Then he wins the primaries .
Remember , there was Dean , Gephardt , & Edwards ?
Then Kerry comes storming from nowhere , to setup a skull &Bones presidential runoff .
I 'm not saying that 's what happened , but absolutely NO ONE has ever examined the possibility .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 7/9/2006 @ 2:13 pm PT ...
I 'm just throwing out some " food for thought " , because we 're all thinkers here ... but what if examining something like the Dean - Kerry primaries leads to uncovering something , because everyone thinks that no one would ever examine that ?
And the things they think would definitely be examined , they covered their tracks well ?
And no one ever thought that someone would go back and re-examine the Dean - Kerry primaries ... so they left sloppy tracks there ???
Just throwing out an idea ... IE ... take a close look at something that NO ONE would have thought to take a close look at ...
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Emma said on 7/9/2006 @ 3:07 pm PT ...
I can no longer sit silently .
As some of you know I started reading BB when all of this started but I was new to the " blogosphere " and terribly intimated .
I said little .
I lived in the " Feeney " district for many years and still have family there .
You can bet your last dollar that Clint 's opponent will be will funded .... probably by the " closet Feeney minions " who do n't want to face Mr. Curtis .
We can sit here all day and lick our lips over one 800 member union endorsement ( 1/4 of whom probably do n't vote in the district ) but if Clint Curtis does n't focus on Andy Michaud all this conversation is for nothing .
Emma
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 7/9/2006 @ 3:54 pm PT ...
Maybe we should be paying attention to Andy Michaud , and do some background on him .
Who on earth would run against Clint Curtis in a Dem primary ?
It 's insane !
Here 's the Dems chance to put Clint in the spotlight , and they run someone against him .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 7/9/2006 @ 4:00 pm PT ...
The people of that Florida district better hit the streets with the message , " If you want e-vote fraud in the spotlight , vote for Clint Curtis . "
Is that happening down there , Emma ?
You are from that district ... what are the people like you saying down there ?
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Emma said on 7/9/2006 @ 4:37 pm PT ...
Big Dan ,
It is as if there is no race .
And , for the record , Dr. Michaud had announced BEFORE Clint Curtis so it 's not fair to say that the Dems are running someone against him .
I will tell you that Dr. Andy Michaud is n't at all visible .
He 's doing absolutely nothing .
No one has seen even the first piece of literature so all Clint has to do is start pounding the drums but without money it 's hard !!
Even if all you can afford is $ 10 .... mail it now !!!
Clint CAN win ....
Emma
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Bluebear2 said on 7/9/2006 @ 9:08 pm PT ...
99 # 12
It only took 4 reads and 23 hours to get that one !
LMAO
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Winter Patriot said on 7/9/2006 @ 9:43 pm PT ...
ROTFLMARO @ BB2 ... 23 hours !!
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Agent99 said on 7/9/2006 @ 9:48 pm PT ...
That 's our Agent BB2 !
He 's slow , but he 's SHARP !
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 7/9/2006 @ 11:50 pm PT ...
big dan # 18 I 've always been suspicious of that Dean primary too .
The official story was that everybody changed their mind at the last minute because they needed a veteran to counter the great military pilot , Bush !
I was watching C- SPAN that night and they had the camera on a woman who was trying to get get through one of those , " if you want to do such - and - such , press 2 ect .. " on the phone .
It seemed to go on forever because she had to keep calling back and trying again .
Obviously , they were putting their votes into a computer .
It drives me nuts that with the comparatively small number of votes being counted that night , some kind of system to verify how many vote from each polling place were not compared with the final results .
Maybe they were , but I doubt it .
There must have been a huge amount of angst at the famous " Dean Scream " rally .
The " anticipointment " level must have been THICK .
Dean knew he had to give the pep talk of his life that night , and he did !
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Bluebear2 said on 7/10/2006 @ 12:23 pm PT ...
# 25 & 26 Must have been the yak milk and brandy .
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 7/10/2006 @ 12:39 pm PT ...
Larry : Correct me if I 'm wrong , but the big push to prove e-vote fraud was because of the 2004 , not the 2000 election .
( right or wrong ? )
If that 's so , then the 2004 Dem primary would not have been on the e-vote radar .
Correct ?
The 2000 election was the " butterfly ballot " / " hanging chad " ... not e-vote , right ???
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 7/10/2006 @ 12:40 pm PT ...
I 'm sending Clint Curtis $ 10 this week .
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 7/10/2006 @ 12:44 pm PT ...
Let me put it to you another way :
The people responsible for e-vote hacking , do you think they said , " Well , we have our principles ... we will not hack a Dem primary . "
If you think ANY election has EVER been hacked , then you have to entertain the thought that the Dean - Kerry primary was hacked .
That would also explain Kerry conceding so fast to Bush , in record time , and not claiming fraud on e-vote machines , eh ????????????
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 7/10/2006 @ 12:45 pm PT ...
...AND ... Kerry 's silence about it now ... just a thought ...
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 7/10/2006 @ 12:46 pm PT ...
... and we here , at Brad Blog , put country before party , so if that 's true , I 'm not going to say , like Reichwingers , " Well , Kerry 's a Democrat ... so that 's OK . " ...........
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... Bluebear2 said on 7/10/2006 @ 12:55 pm PT ...
BIG DAN
You raise an interesting proposition there !
What if Kerry was a Repug plant - good grief , who knows what to think any more !
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... Agent99 said on 7/10/2006 @ 1:10 pm PT ...
Big Dan
Even though I was screaming , " Do n't make me have to vote for Kerry , " through the whole primary gig , I think if it was rigged , Kerry would n't have DONE it , maybe let it be done , being as how he was so demoralized by Dean beating the snot out of him ... and then , when the election was thrown for * , he could n't speak up without getting exposed for the primary thing .
It would have been the same whether he had knowledge of it or not .
That COULD explain his silence .
The Republicans have already picked Hillary as their opponent in '08 .
That bears watching , no ?
AND , they might even let her win , for appearances sake .
That also explains some anomalous behavior .
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Winter Patriot said on 7/10/2006 @ 1:34 pm PT ...
re # 34 BB2 " who knows what to think any more ? " is right !
I can't put my finger on it right now but I can recall blogging shortly after the " election " about a report which said that the PR firm that handled Kerry 's campaign was the same PR firm that handled Bush 's campaign .
I supposed I should have put " handled " in quotes above ... if you get my drift !
Whether that was true or not , I can not say .
Whether Kerry was a " repug plant " or not , I can not say .
What I can say with certainty is that over the years the Republicans have been very successful in obtaining their preferred candidate to run against .
Somebody somewhere earlier in the thread mentioned that Kerry came from nowhere to capture the nomination .
How good is your memory ?
I do n't have time to get into all the gory details right now ... but let 's just say that 2004 was by no means the first time in our lives when the GOP has had the " good fortune " of running against the candidate they preferred .
What 's the problem ?
Is it that the actual vote - count in Democratic primaries is being screwed , or are the DNC and DLC heavily infiltrated , or have the media been giving extremely preferential treatment to the candidate that the GOP fears least ?
Or is there more corruption in the " process " than I can even guess at ?
Who can say ?
Not me .
But I would n't want to bet against " All Of The Above " .
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Winter Patriot said on 7/10/2006 @ 1:52 pm PT ...
... oh yeah ...
I almost forgot : Sometimes none of the above tactics work ... and then things like this happen .
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... Bluebear2 said on 7/10/2006 @ 4:09 pm PT ...
Winter # 36 I recall Dean being out front and mention of some of the others , and then within a week or so of the convention Kerry came onto the scene .
I remember thinking " who is he ? " .
Then he got the nomination .
Strange .
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... Bluebear2 said on 7/10/2006 @ 4:18 pm PT ...
Winter # 37 - I followed your link - Holy crap batman - that is really strange !
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... Bluebear2 said on 7/10/2006 @ 4:20 pm PT ...
Even stranger - my code thingy for that last one was 5DCAD - my other screen has AutoCAD up on it - are we really in the 5th dimension ?
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... Agent99 said on 7/10/2006 @ 4:52 pm PT ...
Re : link at # 37 Well , and those would have had to be VERY special agents , because I know some FBI agents , and no way , Jose , would they have gone in for something like that , knowingly ... or even about - to - find - out - ingly .
We tend to forget that the vast majority of FBI personnel are upstanding citizens who do n't go in for things like killing and un-American activities .
This administration may have even succeeded in making the CIA look like good guys , when compared to it .
Seems to me that people from both agencies have been trying to contain the damage by these fiends .
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... Dixiecrat said on 7/10/2006 @ 5:18 pm PT ...
What if Andy Michaud is really a conservative in Democratic clothing ?
Could this be a Republican Party shell game if they no longer think Feeney can credibly further their agenda ?
Does anyone know Michauds personal views ?
There is a tendancy down here to switch parties just to get elected or increase your " real " party 's chances .
Does n't make sense that the dems would alow an unknown to oppose Curtis .
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 7/10/2006 @ 5:44 pm PT ...
By memory , I remember Kerry was n't even 2nd to Dean .
The big names were Dean ( way ahead of everyone ) , Edwards , Gephardt , and Lieberman ( Joe-mentum ) .
I remember a TV report , where it showed Kerry giving a speech somewhere , and there was nobody there , and I was wondering why he was n't dropping out .
Does anyone remember that ?
And I remember when Kerry won , thinking , " How did that happen ? "
We all forget , we were NOT thinking about vote fraud at that time .
So the thought never crossed my mind at THAT time .
But now , looking back , well ...
To be honest , if e-vote fraud was as well - known then , as it is now , I would 've immediately suspected e-vote fraud .
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 7/10/2006 @ 5:48 pm PT ...
... and I 'm not saying it definitely happened , because no one has exit polls from back then , although all the " pre-election " polls had Dean way way ahead of the whole field by a lot .
But , what I am saying , is that all the ingredients and flags were there for e-vote fraud .
IE , if Dean won , I would n't be saying this , because Dean was known to be way ahead .
I would have no basis for suspecting fraud if Dean won , what would be my reason ?
There would be no reason ...
But , when you look back , and a guy comes from like 4th or 5th place in the primary , then really gets more votes against Bush , then concedes in record time ( shame on you , btw , John Kerry , from all your supporters ) , and then you find out he and Bush were in Skull & Bones , and then Kerry is silent for years afterwards about e-vote fraud , well ..............
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 7/10/2006 @ 5:56 pm PT ...
OK , we have 2 comments from people " on the street " about Clint 's opponent .
They both say that Andy Michaud is nowhere to be found .
I just want to know more about him , that 's all .
I 'm not accusing him of anything , I just think that , being that Brad Blog 's signature articles are about Clint Curtis , that Brad Blog should find out more about Andy Michaud .
Who else but Brad Blog , I ask thee ??????
No one else would do that , and it 's Brad 's baby , the Clint Curtis campaign ... What would it hurt to find out more about Andy Michaud ?
In fact , Andy ?
I 'm sure you have read this blog , I do n't think it 's a stretch by any means , Andy can you post some comments here ?
Clint does ...
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 7/10/2006 @ 6:01 pm PT ...
Big Dan : Yeah , even I do n't bring up the voting machines in the 2000 theft , but I was definitely thinking about the computers being used in the primary and was hoping somebody was keeping track of how all the votes were matching up with the collective count !
I bet they were n't though .
The way I feel right now , I could n't care less whether the swift boat veterans or the swift boated veterans go to hell !
I do n't want Kerry to be standing up for me anymore .
Give me Dean , Kucinich , or any democrat that will start SCREAMING NOW , TODAY about voting fraud , but especially the pretend - like - your - voting machines !
Agent 99 : That is one interesting angle I had n't thought of .
That would be a darn good reason for Kerry to be acting as strangely as he has , requarding the machines !
It appears as though the corporations do n't care who gets programmed into the machines as long as they 're " friendly " .
It 's funny that Hilary is doing so badly with liberals because that means the only logical pitard they can hoist is that she has the most money .
I do n't think the American people elect candidates based on how glitzy the advertisments are .
Even Hannity has pretty graphics .
That does n't make him a human being !
It 's becoming pretty obvious that everybody in Washington knows the elections are a play act , and the only determining factor is whether or not you read your script correctly .
The Democrats in sheeps clothing are about to be exposed .
Not a pretty site !
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 7/10/2006 @ 6:03 pm PT ...
I bet a lot of people in the 24th district read Brad Blog , and do n't comment .
The Clint Curtis story is the flagship story of Brad Blog .
I think it would be fun , if everyone in Florida 's 24th district who never posted here , just posted , " I 'm here " ...
Are you telling me that there are n't Brad Blog readers in Florida 's 24th district ?
COME ON !!!!!!!!!!!!
COMMENT # 48 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 7/10/2006 @ 6:04 pm PT ...
Speaking of NASA .
Come on you guys , you know you can make a kick - ass voting machine with street - cred !
COMMENT # 49 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 7/10/2006 @ 6:13 pm PT ...
Thumbs up to EMMA posting # 20 & # 23 !
COMMENT # 50 [ Permalink ]
... Laura said on 7/10/2006 @ 7:44 pm PT ...
If I remember correctly about 2004 , was that as soon as Al Gore endorsed Howard Dean he started losing primaries .
Thats a tip off come to think of it now !
COMMENT # 51 [ Permalink ]
... Winter Patriot said on 7/10/2006 @ 10:31 pm PT ...
in comment # 36 I wrote
I can recall ... a report which said that the PR firm that handled Kerry 's campaign was the same PR firm that handled Bush 's campaign .
well lookee here !
" Gannon " scandal leads to link between high - level Republicans , high - level Democrats
COMMENT # 52 [ Permalink ]
... Winter Patriot said on 7/10/2006 @ 10:45 pm PT ...
regarding the " Very Special Agents " who " investigated " the plane crash that killed Paul Wellstone and his family : the link I posted in comment # 37 is just one of many places where you can read an account of the " very special " circumstances , but it 's the best short piece I have found .
Here 's another link --- a longer and much more detailed article --- which I believe is worth the read .
Target Wellstone
COMMENT # 53 [ Permalink ]
... Winter Patriot said on 7/10/2006 @ 10:55 pm PT ...
Here 's one more interesting piece before I drop the Wellstone angle ( for a while ) ... it 's a PDF but it 's fairly short and extremely well - written :
Abundant and Compelling Evidence by David Ray Griffin
COMMENT # 54 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 7/11/2006 @ 1:40 am PT ...
Winter Patriot : David Ray Griffin is a brave guy .
The man who benefited most from Wellstone 's death was Norm Coleman .
I do n't care much at all for him and I do n't think Al Franken does either .
Here is a very funny phone call between the two after Wellstones death .
If Franken runs against him , it should be something to behold !
COMMENT # 55 [ Permalink ]
... Emma said on 7/11/2006 @ 4:31 am PT ...
Big Dan ,
You can read all about him at www.andymichaud2006.com
I lived in the district nearly all my life .
He 's a nice guy who is a perennial " runner " .
He ran for Mayor , State House , Commissioner of Agriculture ... and lost all of them .
He never campaigns ... he does nothing except put his name on the ballot .
I feel this race in my bones and Clint Curtis CAN win it !!!
Emma
COMMENT # 56 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 7/11/2006 @ 4:45 am PT ...
My two cents about Wellstone , I always thought it was fishy .
Grassroots politician & family die in " small aircraft " accident .
Stay away from " small aircraft " , if you 're bucking the system .
JFK , Jr. " small aircraft " accident , excellent pilot .
Story drops out of sight .
Wellstone story drops out of site , too , too quickly .
I always say , that it 's not like I immediately believe these theories , but they DO look suspicious .
Ken Lay & Milosevic both die of heart attacks , conveniently .
I always question " the story " when a controversial figure dies conveniently or under mysterious circumstances .
What about Lemme ???
People just do n't die that easily , and when you mix in the convenienct factor , it really makes you think .
Ken Lay did not die , except when he was about to give a statement Aug .
1 . Did you know that ?
Before he was going to jail , he was going to give some kind of statement Aug .
1 . I was reading that on Wayne Madsen .
Madsen is n't saying definitively either , that there was foul play .
We should point out , though , when something looks fishy , right ?
Take Lemme : Perfectly healthy , normal person , about to crack open a case , and he commits suicide .
I do n't think you actually need proof on that one .
COMMENT # 57 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 7/11/2006 @ 4:51 am PT ...
You do n't need experts to tell you that something does n't make sense to you !
Pointing out that something does n't make sense , or something does n't add up , or something looks fishy , does n't immediately make you a conspiracy theorist .
COMMENT # 58 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 7/11/2006 @ 7:08 am PT ...
I 'M GOING ON RECORD , SAYING THE REPUBLICAN NEW ENGLAND PHONE JAMMER , WHO IS SAYING HE WILL IMPLICATE THE WHITE HOUSE , WILL DIE OF A HEART ATTACK OR SUICIDE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
COMMENT # 59 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 7/12/2006 @ 8:37 am PT ...
--
In his latest book , " Myths , Lies and Downright Stupidity , " John Stossel expands on his popular " Myth " segments on " 20/20 " and unearths truths often distorted -- or disregarded -- by the media .
Below is an excerpt :
CHAPTER ONE
Clueless Media
Thomas Jefferson said he'd rather live in a country with a free press and no government , than in one with a government but no press .
" The only security of all is in a free press , " he wrote .
" It is necessary , to keep the waters pure . "
I could n't agree more .
Without media to tell us about the excesses of government , the risks of life , and the wonderful new ideas that emerge constantly from every cranny in America , our lives would be narrow , and our freedom diminished .
The Fourth Estate both informs and protects us .
" Where the press is free , and every man able to read , " said Jefferson , " all is safe . "
However , thirty - six years working in the media has left me much more skeptical of its product .
Reporters are good at telling us what happened today : what buildings burned down , what army invaded , the size of the hurricane that 's coming .
Many reporters take astonishing risks to bring us this news .
We owe them thanks .
But when it comes to science and economics , and putting life 's risks in perspective , the media do a dismal job .
MYTH :
The media will check it out and give you the objective truth .
TRUTH : Many in the media are scientifically clueless , and will scare you to death .
We do n't do it on purpose .
We just want to give you facts .
But the people who bring us story ideas are alarmed .
Then we get alarmed , and eager to rush that news to you .
We know that the scarier and more bizarre the story , the more likely it is that our bosses will give us more air time or a front - page slot .
The scary story , justified or not , will get higher ratings and sell more papers .
Fear sells .
That 's the reason for the insiders ' joke about local newscasts : " If it bleeds , it leads . "
Also , raising alarms makes us feel important .
If we bothered to keep digging until we found the better scientific experts , rather than the ones who send out press releases , we'd get the real story .
But reporters rarely know whom to call .
And if we did , many real scientists do n't want to be bothered .
Why get involved in a messy debate ?
It might upset someone in government and threaten the scientist 's grant money .
" I 'd rather be left alone to do my work , and not have to babysit dumb reporters , " one told me .
One real scientist , Dr. Bruce Ames of the University of California , Berkeley , did make the effort .
He urged a skeptical reporter ( me ) to be more skeptical of pseudologic from pseudoscientists : " The number of storks in Europe has been going down for years , the birth rate 's going down for years , " Dr. Ames pointed out .
" If you plot one against the other , it 's a beautiful correlation .
But it does n't mean storks bring babies . "
We 've been swallowing the storks - bring - babies kind of logic for years .
( My favorite version : I see fat people drinking diet soda ; therefore diet soda must make people fat . )
For instance , stories about pesticides making food carcinogenic would fill several pages of a Google search .
To the scientifically illiterate , the stories are logical .
After all , farmers keep using new pesticides , we consume them in the food we eat , and we keep hearing more people are getting cancer .
It must be cause and effect !
Get the shovel .
MYTH : Pesticide residues in food cause cancer and other diseases .
TRUTH : The residues are largely harmless .
Ames laughs at the claims of chemically induced cancers , and he should know - he's the one who invented the test that first frightened people about a lot of those chemicals .
It 's called the Ames Test , and its first use in the 1970s raised alarms by revealing there were carcinogens in hair dye , and in the flame retardants in children 's pajamas .
Ames helped get the chemicals banned .
Before the Ames Test , the traditional way to test a substance was to feed big doses of it to animals and wait to see if they got cancer or had babies with birth defects .
But those tests took two to three years and cost $ 100,000 .
So Dr. Ames said , " Instead of testing animals , why not test bacteria ?
You can study a billion of them on just one Petri dish and you do n't have to wait long for the next generation .
Bacteria reproduce every twenty minutes . "
The test proved successful .
It was hailed as a major scientific breakthrough , and today , the Ames Test is one of the standards used to discover if a substance is carcinogenic .
But after getting the hair dye and the flame retardants banned , Dr. Ames and other scientists continued testing chemicals .
" People started using our test , " he told me , " and finding mutagens everywhere - in cups of coffee , on the outside of bread , and when you fry your hamburger ! "
This made him wonder if his tests were too sensitive , and led him to question the very bans he 'd advocated .
A few years later , when I went to a supermarket with him , he certainly did n't send out any danger signals .
DR .
AMES
Practically everything in the supermarket , if you really looked at it at the parts per billion level , would have carcinogens .
Vegetables are good for you , yet vegetables make toxic chemicals to keep off insects , so every vegetable is 5 percent of its weight in toxic chemicals .
These are Nature 's pesticides .
Celery , alfalfa sprouts , and mushrooms are just chock - full of carcinogens .
STOSSEL
Over there it says " Organic Produce . "
Is that better ?
DR .
AMES
No , absolutely not , because the amount of pesticide residues - man - made pesticide residues - people are eating are actually trivial and very , very tiny amounts !
We get more carcinogens in a cup of coffee than we do in all the pesticide residues you eat in a day .
In a cup of coffee ?
To put the risks in perspective , Ames and his staff analyzed the results of every cancer test done on rats and mice .
By comparing the dose that gave the rodents cancer to the typical exposure people get , they came up with a ranking of the danger .
Pesticides such as DDT and EDB came out much lower than herb tea , peanut butter , alcohol , and mushrooms .
We moved over to the mushrooms as the cameras continued to roll , and Dr. Ames put his mouth where his convictions were .
DR .
AMES
One raw mushroom gives you much more carcinogens than any polluted water you 're going to drink in a day .
STOSSEL
So you 're saying we should n't eat fresh produce ?
DR . AMES No .
Fresh produce is good for you !
Here , I 'll eat a raw mushroom even though it 's full of carcinogens .
Dr. Ames is widely respected in the scientific community , but he is not on many journalists ' electronic Rolodexes .
He 's the real deal , and no help at all if you 're looking for screaming headlines .
MYTH : Radioactivity is deadly ; keep it away from food !
TRUTH : Food irradiation saves lives .
A classic example of journalists falling for a stunningly stupid scientific scare - falling en masse and really hard - was the outcry over treating food with radiation .
The irradiation process would give consumers wonderful new options : strawberries that stay fresh three weeks , and chicken without the harmful levels of salmonella that the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says kill six hundred Americans every year , and cause countless cases of food poisoning .
( The last time you thought you had the flu , you may have really been sick from bacteria on chicken - this is no myth !
Wash the counter , your hands , and everything that touches raw meat , because they are all crawling with potentially dangerous germs . )
But reporters and environmental activists do n't worry much about the horrible toll from bacteria .
For some reason , even when bacteria pose a far greater risk , the media obsess about chemicals and radiation .
Radiation !
Horrors !
Three Mile Island !
Jane Fonda !
Nuclear bombs !
They do n't worry much about bacteria because bacteria is natural .
But radiation is natural too .
We are exposed to natural radiation every minute of our lives : cosmic radiation from space , radiation from the ground , and radiation from radon in the air we breathe .
Every year , the average U.S. citizen is exposed to natural radiation equal to about 360 dental X - rays .
The reporters and protesters probably did n't know that , but even if they did , they 'd still be upset because irradiation plants propose passing radiation through food .
News stories featured Dr. Walter Burnstein , founder of a " consumer group " named Food & Water , saying , " This will be a public health disaster of the magnitude we have never seen before ! "
I have to admire the activists ' skill in naming groups : Food & Water .
What reporter could argue with a group with a name like that ?
They must be the good guys , right ?
I interviewed Dr. Burnstein and his " political organizer , " Michael Colby .
MR. COLBY
If you look at the existing studies on humans and animals fed irradiated food , you will find testicular tumors , chromosomal abnormalities , kidney damage , and cancer and birth defects .
STOSSEL
Caused because somebody ate irradiated food ?
MR. COLBY Absolutely .
Absolutely .
STOSSEL [ Food & Water claimed an Indian study had said that , but we called the author and she told us she did n't conclude that at all . ]
We just talked to her and she says she did n't say that !
She never said those kids were developing cancer .
DR . BURNSTEIN
These are pure scientists and she does n't want to make that break .
We are taking it the extra inch .
We 're saying to people , " Do n 't - do n't be put to sleep by people who work in test tubes - do n't . "
I do n't need proof that it goes to cancer .
We already know it leads to cancer .
Reporters gave Burnstein and Colby 's dubious claims so much credulous press coverage that politicians in Maine quickly banned food irradiation .
New York and New Jersey followed suit .
That spread fear to other states .
I went to Mulberry , Florida , to report on a protest against Vindicator , a plant that proposed using radiation to kill germs on strawberries .
When I got there , demonstrators were marching with picket signs , chanting , " Do n't nuke our food !
Do n't nuke our food ! "
Their campaign persuaded the state of Florida to put a moratorium on Vindicator 's opening .
DR . BURNSTEIN
Vindicator will go out of business , and not only Vindicator .
That 'll be the end of the entire irradiation industry ...
When we go to talk to people , we do n't have to break their arms to convince them not to eat irradiated food .
We just say , " Irradiated food , " and people go , " What ?
Who wants the food irradiated ? "
The fact that Dr. Burnstein was not a research scientist , but rather an osteopath with a family practice in New Jersey , did n't diminish the respect he got from the media .
His protests drew headlines and TV coverage .
Reporters knew radiation was bad for humans , and therefore bad for food .
One woman stood outside the Vindicator plant shouting angrily , " How much pollution are we going to put into our mouths ? ! "
" None , " is the answer .
People think food irradiation makes food radioactive , but it does n't ; the radiation just kills the bacteria , and passes right out of the food .
That 's why the FDA and USDA approved the process a long time ago .
Spices have been irradiated for more than twenty years .
Irradiation is good for us .
If it were more common , all of us would suffer fewer instances of food poisoning and we could have fruits and vegetables that stay fresh weeks longer .
But scaremongering has kept it from catching on .
Food & Water told people that the AMA and the World Health Organization did not approve of irradiation , but that was a lie .
Both organizations did approve .
WHO told us irradiation is as important as pasteurization .
Pasteurization also met public skepticism when it was introduced .
Louis Pasteur discovered that heating milk would kill bacteria , but critics charged that pasteurization was " meddling with nature , " and that it might change the properties of the food - or contaminate it .
The U.S. dairy industry actually promoted raw milk as more acceptable than pasteurized milk .
Only the persistence of scientists and medical experts allowed pasteurization to become standard practice .
Irradiation might save as many lives , if the scaremongers would just get out of the way .
After three years of delays , the Vindicator plant finally was allowed to open .
But fear of radiation has kept this good idea from spreading across America .
Only a tiny fraction of American meat is irradiated today .
If 50 percent were irradiated , the CDC says nearly a million cases of bacterial infections could be avoided and 350 lives could be saved every year .
350 lives !
Why is n't the press screaming about that ?
Because reporters and legislators look for danger in the wrong places .
Many reporters believe the activists because " something must be causing the cancer epidemic . "
Mysterious and unnatural additions to our environment are an easy suspect .
After all , during the past fifty years , Americans have been exposed to chemicals and forms of pollution and radiation that humans have never experienced before .
" No wonder there 's so much more cancer ! " say reporters .
Get the shovel .
MYTH : Chemical pollution is the cause of the cancer epidemic !
TRUTH : There is no cancer epidemic .
You would n't know it from the media , but there has been no surge in cancers .
The death rate due to cancer has been declining for more than ten years .
You might argue that fewer die from cancer today simply because there are better treatments for the disease , but look at the cancer incidence rate .
The incidence of prostate and breast cancer is up , but that 's only because there 's more early detection .
In the 1980s more men starting getting PSA tests , and more women had mammograms .
Lung cancer increased in women because more women took up cigarettes , and skin cancer increased because of lunatic sunbathing .
But overall cancer rates have not been rising , and lots of cancers , like stomach , uterine , and colorectal cancer , are on the decline .
We think there 's a cancer epidemic because we hear more about cancer .
Cancer is a disease of an aging population , and fortunately , more people now live long enough to get cancer .
More talk about it too .
Many years ago people who got cancer were secretive about it .
The other big reason we think there is an epidemic is that the media , suspicious of chemicals , hype dubious risks .
Almost every week , there is another story about a potential menace .
Reporters credulously accept the activists ' scare stores :
While I 've been a reporter , I 've been asked to do alarmist reports about hair dye , dry cleaning , coffee , chewing gum , saccharin , cyclamates , NutraSweet , nitrites , Red No. 2 dye , electric blankets , video display terminals , dental fillings , cellular phones , vaccines , potato chips , farmed salmon , Teflon , antiperspirants , and even rubber duckies .
I refused to do most of those stories , and now I have to ask , if the scares were valid , where are the bodies ?
If one - tenth of what the reporters suggested was happening did happen , there would be mass death .
The opposite is true : Despite exposure to radiation and all those nasty new chemicals , Americans today live longer than ever .
The media hysteria may be nonsense , but our fear is real - and contagious .
That can be deadly .
MYTH : DDT causes all kinds of cancers , and nearly wiped out every bird in the world .
TRUTH : DDT saves lives .
Malaria will kill more than one thousand children before you finish reading this book .
The chemical DDT is at the core of the problem - not the use of DDT , but the failure to use it because of media hysteria .
In Uganda alone , said minister of health Jim Muhwezi , " We are losing between two million and three million people a year . "
Think of it : Millions die because the media gets it wrong .
You are probably saying , " What is he talking about ?
DDT is awful ! "
But it is n't .
DDT is capable of doing far more good than harm .
You just do n't know that , because some people , including reporters , are terrified of DDT .
Here 's how it happened : Fifty years ago , Americans sprayed DDT everywhere .
Farmers used it to repel bugs , and health officials to fight mosquitoes that carry malaria .
Nobody worried much about chemicals then .
It was a shock to watch the old videos my producer found :
People at picnics just sat and kept eating while trucks sprayed thick white clouds of DDT on top of them .
In fact , when the trucks came to spray , some people ran toward them - as if an ice cream truck had come - they were so happy to have mosquitoes repelled .
Tons of DDT were sprayed on food and people .
Despite this overuse , there was no surge in cancer or any other human injury .
Scientists found no evidence that spraying DDT seriously hurt people .
It did cause some harm :
It threatened bird populations by thinning the shells of their eggs .
In 1962 , the book Silent Spring by Rachel Carson made the damage famous and helped instill our fear of chemicals .
The book raised some serious questions about the use of DDT , but the legitimate nature of those questions was lost in the media feeding frenzy that followed .
DDT was a " Killer Chemical ! " and the press was off on another fear campaign .
It turns out DDT itself was n't the problem - the problem was that much too much was sprayed .
That 's often true with chemicals ; it 's the dose that matters .
We need water , for example , but six feet of it will kill us .
In the 1950s we sprayed DDT indiscriminately , but it only takes a tiny amount to prevent the spread of malaria .
If sprayed on walls of an African hut , a small amount will keep mosquitoes at bay for half a year .
That makes it a wonderful malaria fighter .
But today DDT is rarely used to fight malaria because environmentalists ' demonization of it causes others to shun it .
That frustrates Dr. Amir Attaran , who researched the issue at Harvard University .
" If it 's a chemical , it must be bad , " he told us .
" If it 's DDT , it must be awful .
And that 's fine if you 're a rich white environmentalist .
It 's not so fine if you 're a poor black kid who is about to lose his life from malaria . "
Uganda 's health minister angrily asked us : " How many people do they want us to lose before we use DDT ? "
Good question .
The U.S. government does spend your tax dollars trying to fight malaria in Africa , but it has not spent a penny on DDT .
The money goes for things like mosquito netting over beds ( even though not everyone in Africa even has a bed ) .
The office that dispenses those funds , the Agency for International Development , acknowledges DDT is safe .
I went to the State Department to interview the USAID official in charge of international health .
With a straight face , she denied that their no - funds - for - DDT policy had anything to do with being " environmentally correct . "
I felt like I was talking to a robot .
DR .
ANNE PETERSON
I would recommend that if those who want to use [ DDT for ] indoor spraying , that they can and should .
And it is definitely less harmful than dying and being exposed to malaria .
STOSSEL
But you wo n't pay for it ?
DR . ANNE PETERSON
Currently we do n't pay for it .
STOSSEL
This is pathetic .
Millions of people are dying and you , to be politically correct , are saying , " No , we do n't want to pay for DDT . "
DR .
ANNE PETERSON
I believe that the strategies we are using are as effective as spraying with DDT .
And we are getting them out as far and as fast as we can .
So , politically correct or not , I am very confident that what we are doing is the right strategy .
The right strategy ?
Dr. Attaran has a better perspective : " If I were to characterize what USAID does on malaria , I 'd call it medical malpractice .
I would call it murderous . "
After my interview with Dr. Peterson , USAID said it has reconsidered its policy , and it may fund spraying of DDT .
We 'll see .
For now , millions die while USAID dithers .
The agency was simply responding to media hysteria .
Media hysteria invites politicians to do the wrong thing .
In this case , the result of the media getting it so wrong is millions of deaths .
Media attention also kills reputations , particularly when sensationalism and the herd mentality are in play .
Serious subjects , worthy of careful examination , are often treated with a kind of journalistic shorthand that cheats readers and viewers , while ruining lives .
In this next example , innocent children became unknowing pawns .
MYTH : " My teacher molested me . "
Kids would n't make up stuff like that !
TRUTH : Yes , they would .
This trendy media scare sent people to jail .
Many were innocent of any crime , but they were convicted by the court of public opinion .
The witnesses against them were children who testified to horrible events - events which , in many cases , never happened .
But when the media express gets rolling , people get run over .
One victim was Kelly Michaels , a New Jersey preschool teacher convicted in 1988 of molesting twenty children in bizarre and sadistic ways .
She spent five years in prison before an appeals court ruled that prosecutors had planted suggestions in the minds of the children who testified against her .
I do n't blame the kids ; I blame the prosecutors and the media .
Reporters ' imaginations and keyboards were fired up in 1983 by accusations of sodomy and satanic abuse at a California day - care center called the McMartin Preschool .
The woman who started the barrage of charges was later discovered to be a paranoid schizophrenic .
Her claims of devil - worship and sadism were outlandish on their face , but never mind :
It was " good copy . "
Headlines blared , prosecutors roared , and seven people were charged in a total of 135 criminal counts .
It was nonsense .
But the defendants had their lives ruined .
The case against them was cooked up by therapists and social workers who planted suggestions in the minds of impressionable children , who then told horrendous tales to prosecutors .
The prosecutors also listened to the drumbeats of the media , which stirred a different witches ' brew for every news cycle .
Kids are highly impressionable .
We know that , but psychology professor Stephen Ceci proved it in a study at Cornell University .
He told me , " We are now discovering that if you put kids who were not abused through the same kind of highly leading , repetitive interview , some of those children will disclose events that seem credible but , in fact , are not borne out in actuality . "
Ceci set up an experiment where he and his researchers asked kids silly questions like :
RESEARCHER
Have you ever had your finger caught in a mousetrap and had to go to the hospital ?
GIRL No .
RESEARCHER No ?
At first , the kids say no .
Then , once a week for the next 10 weeks , the researchers ask the question again .
RESEARCHER
You went to the hospital because your finger got caught in a mousetrap ?
BOY And it - RESEARCHER
Did that happen ?
BOY Uh-huh .
By week four or six or ten , about half of the kids say , " Yes , it happened . "
Many give such precise information that you 'd think it must have happened .
RESEARCHER
Did it hurt ?
BOY Yeah .
RESEARCHER
Yeah ?
Who took you to the hospital ?
BOY
My daddy , my mommy , my brother .
RESEARCHER
Where in your house is the mousetrap ?
BOY
It 's down in the basement .
RESEARCHER
What is it next to in the basement ?
BOY
It 's next to the firewood .
By the time I met that boy , weeks after the experiment was over , he still " remembered " convincing details about things that never happened .
STOSSEL
Was there a time when you got your finger caught in a mousetrap and had to go to the hospital ?
BOY Uh-huh .
STOSSEL
Who went with you to the hospital ?
BOY
My mom and my dad and my brother Colin , but not the baby .
He was in my mom 's tummy .
What he told me was even more remarkable because just a few days before , his father discussed the experiment with him , explained that it was just a test , and that the mousetrap event never happened .
The boy agreed - it was just in his imagination .
But when he talked to me , the boy denied the conversation with his father , and insisted the mousetrap story was true .
STOSSEL
Did your father tell you something about the mousetrap finger story ?
BOY No .
STOSSEL
Is it true ?
Did it really happen ?
BOY
It was n't a story .
It really happened .
STOSSEL
This really happened ?
You really got your finger caught ?
This really happened ?
BOY Yeah .
Why would the boy lie to me ?
I said to Professor Ceci that I assumed he was n't intentionally making up the story .
Ceci said , " I think they 've come to believe it .
It is part of their belief system . "
Some molestation " experts " thought they 'd come closer to the truth by giving kids anatomically correct dolls .
With dolls , the social workers would n't have to ask so many questions .
They could just say , " Imagine you are the doll ; what did the teacher touch ? "
Lawyers argued that kids " would n't make up " what had been done to the doll .
But Ceci 's colleague Dr. Maggie Bruck conducted tests that showed that they would .
Bruck had a pediatrician add some extra steps to his routine physical examination .
He measured the child 's wrists with a ribbon , he put a little label on the child 's stomach , and he tickled the child 's foot with a stick .
Never did the doctor go anywhere near the child 's private parts .
Then , a few days after the exam , using an anatomically correct doll , Bruck and the child 's father asked leading questions about the doctor 's exam .
We caught it on tape .
FATHER
So what did he do ?
GIRL
He put a stick in my vagina .
FATHER
He put a stick in your vagina ?
GIRL Yeah .
[ Then the girl claimed the doctor hammered the stick into her vagina .
And she said the doctor examined her rectum . ]
DR . BRUCk
He was where ?
GIRL
In my hiney .
None of it was true .
But when dolls were used , half the kids who'd never had their private parts touched claimed the doctor touched them .
The tests made Dr. Bruck question her prior faith in the testimony of children .
She told me she thinks dozens of innocent people are in jail .
Dr. Ceci told me their leading questions were mild compared to what the investigators asked : " What we do . . . does n't come close , for example , to what was done in the Kelly Michaels case . "
The appellate court decision that set Kelly Michaels free garnered just a smidgeon of the media attention her trial and conviction got .
After she was freed , she told me about her nightmare .
MS. MICHAELS
One day you 're getting ready for work and making coffee , minding your business , trying to get along as best you can , being a reasonable , decent , honorable citizen , and the next minute you are an accused child molester with the most bizarre - I 'd never even heard of such things even being done .
STOSSEL
They say you inserted objects , including Lego blocks , forks , spoons , serrated knives into their anuses , vaginas , penises -
MS. MICHAELS
And a sword .
It was in there .
STOSSEL - and a sword -
MS. MICHAELS Yeah .
STOSSEL - that you made children drink your urine , that you made kids take their clothes off and licked peanut butter off them .
It 's very hard to believe , yet the jury believed it and not you .
MS. MICHAELS
No one was willing to doubt a child .
The media certainly was n't .
Professional skepticism took a holiday in the face of " good copy . "
The media like bad news , and tend to believe it .
MYTH : Divorce hurts women much more than men , and many men abandon their kids .
TRUTH : Both men and women suffer after divorce , and lots of men want to give more to their kids .
The media ( including the men , for psychological reasons involving guilt or other factors best left to Dr. Phil ) , see men as inviting , politically correct targets .
When experts start trumpeting statistics that add up to " men are bad , " reporters listen .
For years , I heard bad things about deadbeat dads .
They were living it up , while their ex-wives and children had to scrape by .
It 's a recurring story , and the media regurgitates it regularly .
It 's also group slander .
In 1985 , Lenore Weitzman , then a sociologist at Harvard , published data showing that men prosper after divorce , while women and children suffer terribly .
Weitzman 's report was appalling : Men 's standard of living rose 42 percent after divorce , while women 's declined by 73 percent .
The media could n't get enough of this exciting news .
Those figures were cited not only in news stories , but in 348 social science articles , 250 law review articles , and 24 appeals court cases .
Around that time , government officials also reported that Census data showed that about half of the divorced fathers in America did n't pay child support they owed .
The evening newscasts and the papers featured both claims uncritically .
The stories fit comfortably into the media 's " save the victim " rut .
But get the shovel :
The stories did n't deserve the airtime or the headlines .
A little reportorial digging would have burst the sanctimonious bubble .
Digging was finally done , but not by the media .
Arizona State University psychologist Sanford Braver set out initially to examine the reasons for the shocking data .
Why were those divorced fathers acting so irresponsibly ?
How could a dad abandon his child ?
Braver was surprised to discover that the Weitzman figures were wrong , the result of a mathematical error .
Weitzman later admitted she was wrong .
She said a computer analyst had made a mistake - a mistake , in this case , heard around the world .
Braver conducted his own study of four hundred divorces , the biggest federally funded study ever done on divorced dads .
His findings turned conventional wisdom , and all those media stories , on their heads .
The 42 percent better for men , 73 percent worse for women data was n't even close .
" Our results , " he said , " show that men and women come out almost exactly equally . "
Braver then found that the Census data about deadbeat dads was way off too .
The data came from questions asked of the custodial parent only .
The custodial parent was almost always the mother .
" Everything we knew about non-custodial fathers " in the Census report , Braver told me , " we knew from custodial mothers . "
Did some of the angry ex-wives lie ?
Probably , but we do n't know , because the Census workers did n't bother to ask the fathers !
After my conversation with Braver , I went to Washington to meet with Dan Weinberg , the man who headed up that data collection for the Census Bureau .
As often happens to me in Washington , I felt I was in another world :
STOSSEL
So the Census worker says , how much in child support payments were you supposed to receive this year ?
And the woman remembers . . .
DAN WEINBERG
Yes .
STOSSEL
I just have a hard time believing that these people , many of whom are angry , are going to give honest answers .
DAN WEINBERG
Actually - well , the anger may help them remember what they 're supposed to receive .
STOSSEL
Why not go to the man and ask , is it true ?
DAN WEINBERG
We would be violating the confidentiality of the custodial mother .
STOSSEL
Is there any cross-check ?
DAN WEINBERG
No .
We do n't check any of it .
STOSSEL
But would n't they lie just because they 're mad at the man ?
DAN WEINBERG
People are basically honest .
The spirit of George Washington 's cherry tree lives on along the Potomac .
I too cannot tell a lie :
The media both distort and oversimplify the issues of custody and child support .
That reinforces the myth that many divorced dads never bother to see their children - the " runaway dads " so beloved by headline writers .
Some men are every bit as despicable as the media portray them , but Braver 's study showed that the majority of divorced dads do try to see their kids .
In many cases , " fathers were impeded in their efforts , " Braver told me .
" The mother just simply said , ' No , you ca n't see your kid . ' "
We videotaped one such heartbreaking scene .
A divorced father went to see his five kids for what he thought would be a full - day visit .
He was entitled to that , under a court order , and the court also ordered the mother not to discourage the children from spending time with their father .
But she clearly had poisoned his children 's minds against him .
The father stood just outside his ex-wife 's house and begged his children , " Would you like to go out with me today ? "
" No , " said one kid after another .
Then the mother ordered the kids back into her house .
What comes through on the tape is the unbridled satisfaction of the mother and the helplessness of the father .
But that 's not the picture you get from the media .
The media automatically cast divorced parents in the roles of villainous father and heroic mother .
Many mothers are heroic , but so are many fathers .
But a divorced mother as the villain ?
Heaven forbid !
That would stand the world of media victimology on its head .
MYTH : Schools are violent .
TRUTH : Schools are pretty safe .
Media bad news bears love crime and violence .
Turn on the television or pick up a tabloid , and you will be convinced that you have more to fear than ever before .
Terrible things are happening , and everyone knows they 're happening much more often .
These stories are more candidates for the shovel .
The gory pictures and the excited copy conceal the actual TRUTH : America is safer than almost any country in human history .
The Columbine , Jonesboro , and Paducah school shootings during the late 1990s triggered a regular spate of stories about " spreading school violence . "
But school violence in America had been steadily decreasing .
Violent crimes in schools dropped by half between 1992 and 2002 , although reporting about school violence increased .
The shooting incidents were awful , but aberrations ; more Americans die from lightning strikes than from school violence .
More kids die in bathtubs .
But the media had become obsessed with school violence .
In the wake of Columbine , my network aired 383 stories about the tragedy .
Sam Donaldson warned wary parents and students about " angry teens turning up in other towns . "
CBS
News correspondent Bob McNamara called school shootings " an American nightmare that too many schools know too well . "
But it was n't a nightmare that schools knew well .
In fact , students are probably safer in school than they are at home or at the mall .
Crime statistics show that kids are twice as likely to be victims of violence away from school than they are in school .
The media hysteria encouraged people who run schools to do crazy things , like spend thousands of dollars on security cameras , and hire police officers to guard the doors .
Some schools terrified students by running SWAT team drills ; cops burst into classrooms and ordered kids down to the floor .
The result ?
Kids in school felt less secure than ever before .
Though school violence was down , studies show kids were more scared .
" They can't learn under these conditions , " says Dr. Frank Farley , former head of the American Psychological Association .
To listen to the media , Dr. Farley told me , you 'd have to believe that Chicken Little was right : " The sky is truly falling .
America is in terrible straits and our schools are a mess and they 're violent .
But they are not violent .
I do n't know why there is all this press coverage , other than the need for a story . "
That 's it .
The media beast must be fed .
Scares drive up circulation and ratings .
MYTH : " Road rage " is an epidemic !
TRUTH : It 's not .
The inventor of the term " road rage " is unknown , but he or she has a lot to answer for .
Not as much as the media does , though .
In 1997 , the American Automobile Association Traffic Safety Foundation issued a report on aggressive driving .
Newsweek said we were being " driven to destruction , " Stone Phillips on NBC said it was " a bigger problem than ever , " and on ABC my colleague Barbara Walters said " the trend is frightening . "
Others were scratching their heads .
They did n't see what the media did .
Robert Lichter , president of the Center for Media and Public Affairs at George Mason University , which studies media coverage , told me : " If road rage is something that 's increasing , we should have more fatalities on the road .
There should be more reports of reckless driving .
But these things are going down . "
So what was the evidence for all these stories ?
I went to the AAA Foundation , and confronted their chief spokeswoman about their claim that road rage had increased by 51 percent .
STEPHANIE FAUL
That 's what it appeared to look like from our report .
That 's all I can tell you .
We saw an increase in reported cases .
STOSSEL Reported in the press ?
STEPHANIE FAUL
Yes , reported in the press .
STOSSEL
It might be that reporters just started liking the alliteration , road rage ?
STEPHANIE FAUL
Well , also they like the idea of violent death by strangers !
It 's a very common topic in the news reports .
STOSSEL [ quoting from her press release ]
" Reached epidemic proportions .
A bigger problem than ever . "
Does the study justify that ?
STEPHANIE FAUL
Well , yes and no .
STOSSEL " A neglected epidemic . "
STEPHANIE FAUL
Yeah , that 's a - that 's a bit strong .
STOSSEL
The impression from the reporting is that there 's greater danger out there .
STEPHANIE FAUL
Yes .
Because that 's what sells papers , of course .
I mean , you 're in the media .
You know that if you get people excited about an issue , that 's what makes it appealing as a topic .
Get out the shovel !
This is circular logic :
The report was based on media mentions of aggressive driving .
We in the media loved the catchy phrase " road rage " so much , we kept doing stories on it .
Robert Lichter suggested it all got started this way : " People were yelling at each other in their cars and making obscene gestures and even getting out of the car for years .
Journalists just found a term for it .
So last year , you went home and said , ' Somebody yelled at me from his car . '
This year , you go home and say , ' I was a victim of road rage . ' "
Then the AAA writes a report based on the spurt of stories - and new headlines are born .
Media incest !
Once the media had a catchy phrase for it , road rage became an " epidemic . "
MYTH : Using your cell phone at the gas pump could cause an explosion .
TRUTH : Do n't tap dance either .
The media is alarmed :
cell fone fireball ( New York Daily News )
buying gas ?
do n't touch that phone !
( Toronto Star )
The facts are more reassuring .
Cell phones are a source of static electricity , and anything that supplies a spark - however minuscule - can ignite a fire if the spark is near fuel vapors .
If you are pumping gas yourself , with a cell phone in your hand that rings at the wrong time , theoretically you might be in danger .
But there is no evidence that cell phones are causing fires .
Still , the media keeps pumping out the stories .
In 2004 , the Poughkeepsie [ N.Y . ]
Journal ran this headline :
cell phone ring starts fire at gas station
The story quoted the local fire chief , Pat Koch , as saying gas vapors were ignited by the ringing of a cell phone .
But - hold the presses and get the shovel !- just days later , Koch changed his tune : " After further investigation . . .
I have concluded that the source of ignition was from some source other than the cell phone . . . most likely static discharge from the motorist himself . "
To its credit , the Poughkeepsie Journal gave its follow - up story as much play as the original .
The media rarely do that .
The University of Oklahoma actually has a " Center for the Study of Wireless Electromagnetic Compatibility , " which researches the effects of electronic devices on our lives .
The center examined incident reports and scientific data , and concluded that there was " virtually no evidence to suggest that cell phones pose a hazard at gas stations . "
The researchers went even further : " The historical evidence , " it said , " does not support the need for further research . "
Any static electricity , any spark - producing activity , is dangerous near vapors .
So rubbing your rear end against a cloth car seat on a dry winter day is more risky than using your cell phone near the fumes .
Do n't dance near the pumps with metal taps on your shoes either !
MYTH : We have less free time .
TRUTH : We have more .
" We 're fried by work , frazzled by the lack of time . " - Newsweek , March 9 , 1995 .
" Life could n't get any busier . " - The Advocate ( Baton Rouge , Louisiana ) , May 19 , 2005 .
" Can your life get any busier ? " - Saint Paul Pioneer Press , September 20 , 2004 .
" Life is becoming busier for many Americans . " - Times - Picayune ( New Orleans , Louisiana ) , May 28 , 2000 .
Victimhood again .
Reporters love reporting that life is getting worse .
News stories tell us we 're " running ourselves ragged , " and that Americans " have no free time . "
Pick up a magazine and read all about it : not enough time for romance , for relaxation , for our kids .
Busy , busy , busy - less time than ever before .
Except , it 's not true .
When I went looking for real data , some scientific measure of how we spend our time , all paths led to the University of Maryland .
There , sociologist John Robinson records how people spend their days .
Beginning in 1965 , he 's had people fill out diaries so he could calculate how much free time people really have .
STOSSEL
I assume since 1965 , we 've lost free time .
JOHN ROBINSON
It 's not the case .
There is a discrepancy between what people say and what they report when they keep a time diary .
His time diaries show that since 1965 , we 've gained almost an hour more free time per day .
Researchers say it 's because Americans today work fewer hours , marry later , have fewer kids , retire earlier , and have better tools , like washing machines and microwaves .
The idea that we work harder than our ancestors is pure nonsense .
Until 1890 , half of all Americans worked in agriculture .
People romanticize farms , but the old - fashioned family farm meant backbreaking labor under a broiling sun .
Work began at dawn and continued past dark .
Work in mines and factories was worse .
Modern jobs are much easier .
Our ancestors would be agog to see how much time we spend playing golf , watching TV ( an average three to four hours per day ) , and going to our kids ' soccer games , while complaining about how much we work .
But do n't tell that to any magazine editors you know ; you would n't want to ruin a perfectly good thing for them .
The free - time myth is good for circulation .
MYTH : Gas prices are going through the roof .
TRUTH : Gasoline is a bargain .
The media periodically get upset about " record " gas prices .
" The price of gasoline has risen again to a record high ! " said one newscaster in 2004 .
" The high prices are making it harder for some to keep their heads above water , " said another .
Drivers assume what they see at the pump confirms what they 've heard on TV .
One told me the prices are " scary . "
A woman said gas was " going up and up and up , and it 's the most expensive it 's ever been . "
And she was on a bike .
The media were saying that gas prices were at record highs for one simple , simple - minded reason :
They are economically illiterate , so they did n't account for inflation .
That makes the numbers look bigger than the costs actually are .
Such reporting is silly .
Not adjusting for inflation would mean that the movies Meet the Fockers and Rush Hour 2 outgrossed Gone With the Wind .
It 's not as if the reporters would have to work at doing calculations to figure this out .
Not only are there instant inflation calculators on the Web , but the U.S. Department of Energy accounts for inflation in its annual report of gas prices .
At the time I 'm writing this , the average price of gasoline in the U.S. is $ 2.26 per gallon .
Once you account for inflation , that means gas today is sixty - seven cents a gallon cheaper than it was in 1922 , and sixty - nine cents cheaper than in 1981 .
True , after Hurricane Katrina the price did reach an average of $ 2.87 per gallon - but that still is lower than the record average set in March 1981 of $ 3.12 per gallon .
By failing to account for inflation , the media have some Americans so alarmed that they can't think straight .
" What costs more , " I asked customers at a gas station , " gasoline or bottled water ? "
The answer I got from almost everyone was gasoline .
At that very gas station , water was for sale at $ 1.29 for a twenty - four - ounce bottle .
That 's $ 6.88 per gallon , three times what the station charged for gasoline .
It gets sillier .
I asked gas station customers , " What costs more , gasoline or ice cream ? "
Again , most people said gasoline cost more .
But at $ 3.39 a pint , " premium " ice cream costs about $ 27.00 a gallon .
We should marvel at how cheap gasoline is - what a bargain we get from oil companies .
After all , it 's easy to bottle water , but think about what it takes to produce and deliver gasoline .
Oil has to be sucked out of the ground , sometimes from deep beneath an ocean .
To get to the oil , the drills often have to bend and dig sideways through as much as five miles of earth .
What they find then has to be delivered through long pipelines or shipped in monstrously expensive ships , then converted into three or more different formulas of gasoline and transported in trucks that cost more than $ 100,000 each .
Then your local gas station must spend a fortune on safety devices to make sure you do n't blow yourself up .
At $ 2.26 a gallon ( about forty - six cents of which goes to taxes ) , gas is miraculously cheap !
But what we heard from the clueless media was , " Gas prices are at record highs ! "
MYTH : We are running out of oil fast .
TRUTH : Not so fast !
" It 's going to be a catastrophe ! "
When they 're not complaining about the price of gas , doomsayers would have us believe that we are burning oil at an " unsustainable " rate .
Camera - hungry politicians know that predicting doom gets them TV face time .
" It 's inevitable that this is just the beginning of this gasoline crisis ! " Senator Charles Schumer told me , as Hurricane Rita approached landfall in 2005 .
The New York Democrat is notorious for his hunger for media coverage .
( A Washington joke :
Where is the most dangerous place to be ?
Between Chuck and a camera . )
Schumer told me that after Rita hit , the price of gas would rise to " five dollars a gallon . "
He was eager to spend your money to cure his panic .
Schumer wants a new " Manhattan Project " that would use huge amounts of tax money to fund " independent energy sources . "
I reminded him that the last time government tried that , it wasted billions on the totally failed synfuels project .
That was a $ 20 billion Carter administration plan to develop a cheap way to make synthetic natural gas from coal .
Schumer said that synfuels was a failure because " political leaders " chose it , but this time Congress would have " nonpoliticians " decide which projects to fund .
Sure they would .
If nonpoliticians are going to decide which projects to fund , why do we need Chuck Schumer ?
We already have a system in which nonpoliticians decide what projects to fund .
It 's called " the market . "
If the price of a barrel of oil stays high , lots of entrepreneurs will scramble for ways to supply cheaper energy .
They 'll come up with alternative energy sources or better ways to suck oil out of the ground .
At fifty dollars a barrel , it 's even profitable to recover oil that 's stuck in the tar sands in Alberta , Canada .
Peter Huber and Mark Mills point out in their book The Bottomless
Well that those tar sands alone contain enough oil to meet our needs for a hundred years .
But the media do n't pay much attention to that .
Not running out of oil is not a very interesting story .
MYTH : A full moon makes people crazy .
TRUTH : I was crazy enough to report that .
We media people routinely and mindlessly corroborate myths about science and nature .
People already believe that a full moon influences people in weird , negative ways , and reporters are quick to confirm it .
Here are samples of what the clueless media has said about the full moon :
" The moon 's effects are legendary . . .
Few of us can escape the power of the moon . " - Hugh Downs , 20 / 20 , November 8 , 1984 .
" Spokane County sheriff 's deputies have no need to check their lunar tables to know when it's a full moon out there . " - Spokesman - Review , October 19 , 2005 .
" A Florida researcher studied murders in Dade County , and found more murders were committed during full moons than any other time .
So tonight , watch out . " - John Stossel
Yes , I confess : I actually said that on Good Morning America years ago .
The Dade County study seemed plausible - people might drink , party , and therefore murder more people when the moon was full .
It was only much later that I discovered the study was flawed .
Michael Shermer , editor of Skeptic magazine , embarrassed me by explaining that " Researchers went back , reanalyzed the data , and discovered that there 's nothing unusual going on . "
Shermer said thirty - six other studies prove there is no full - moon effect , but people still believe there is one because our memories play tricks on us .
Our brains look for patterns , and when we find one , it sticks .
We remember something unusual that happened on a full moon .
" We do n't remember the unusual things that happen on all the other times because we 're not looking for them , " Shermer told me .
" These things go on all the time , and there 's no full moon , they 're not looking for it , they do n't remember it .
We remember the hits , we forget the misses . "
( See also Chapter 9 , The Power of Belief . )
Next time you see the " more violence during full moon " headline - get the shovel .
MYTH : We 're drowning in garbage !
TRUTH : There 's plenty of room .
" New York City produces 20,000 tons of solid waste every day and the Sanitation Department is running out of places to put it .
It argues in a new report that the only place left is the sky . " - The New York Times , April 21 , 1984 .
" We 're going to be drowning in garbage . " - William K. Reilly ( former EPA administrator ) , from Newsday , February 1 , 1989 .
" A World Drowning in Litter . " - BBC News , March 4 , 2002 .
This myth got jump - started with a real - life incident that took on a life of its own .
In 1987 , a barge full of New York trash was supposed to be shipped to a landfill in Louisiana .
But on the way to Louisiana , the shipper tried to save money by dumping his trash in North Carolina .
Suspicious local officials turned him away , and called the media .
The complaints of " We do n't want New York 's garbage ! " got so much publicity that by the time the " garbage barge " reached its original destination , the Louisiana dump would n't accept it anymore .
That brought more publicity .
Television news crews rushed to the scene .
Before you could say " Fabricate a crisis to raise money , " activists around the country had added " the garbage crisis " to their agenda .
Said Cynthia Pollock of the Worldwatch Institute , " We are now approaching an emergency situation ! "
That got more publicity .
But it was n't true .
The EPA says that , although some cities have to ship garbage to other states , overall landfill capacity is actually increasing .
Dump operators keep finding new ways to pack the trash tighter , to make it decompose faster , and pile it higher .
Some landfill owners actually compete for our trash ; they make money off it by putting grass on top of it and building ski slopes and golf courses .
And America has huge amounts of open space .
Not that we are going to fill it all with garbage - all of America 's garbage for the next five hundred years would fit into one landfill one hundred yards high .
And it would n't even be the size of one of Ted Turner 's ranches .
The fact that we have plenty of room - gets no publicity .
MYTH : The world is too crowded .
TRUTH : That 's garbage too .
We 've heard this one for decades .
News articles warn of " the population bomb , " a " tidal wave of humanity , " and plead " No more babies . "
Clueless alarmists like Ted Turner warn , " There 's lots of problems all over the world caused by too many people . "
It 's true that the world population today is more than six billion people , but who says that 's too many ?
We could take the entire world population , move everyone into the state of Texas , and the population density there would still be less than that of New York City .
I said that to Turner , who then looked at me as if I 'd unwrapped a dead fish .
TED TURNER
It is a catastrophe that 's just a time bomb that 's waiting to happen .
STOSSEL
But people are our greatest wealth .
More people is a good thing .
TED TURNER
Up to a point .
Up to a point .
And you , as a newsman , should damn well know that .
Eventually you stand around in a desert with nothing to eat .
That 's absurd .
The media runs pictures of starving masses in Africa and blames that on overpopulation .
One writer , worrying about Niger , said that we must " reduce birth rates drastically , otherwise permanent famine . . . will be the norm . "
But Niger 's population density is nine persons per square kilometer , minuscule compared to population densities in wealthy countries like the USA ( 28 ) , Japan ( 340 ) , the Netherlands ( 484 ) , and Hong Kong ( 6,621 ) .
The number of people is n't the problem .
Famine is caused by things like civil wars and government corruption that interfere with the distribution of food .
Sudan had famine when government militia forces stripped the land of cattle and grain .
In Niger , 2.5 million people are starving because food production is managed by the state .
The absence of property rights , price controls , and other cruel socialist experiments under way in Malawi , Mozambique , Swaziland , and Lesotho are starving millions more .
In Zimbabwe , it 's Robert Mugabe 's kleptocracy that 's doing the damage .
The number of people is n't the problem .
Improved technology now allows people to grow more food on less land .
The UN says the world overproduces food today .
More than 125,000 babies will be born before you finish reading this book , but they 're not a burden , they 're a blessing .
They 're more brains that might cure cancer , more hands to build things , and more voices to bring us beautiful music .
The clueless media , in pursuit of the scare du jour , do us a nasty disservice by focusing on the wrong things .
Because of the constant parade of frightening stories , huge amounts of money and energy are spent on minuscule risks .
In the meantime , millions die of malaria , thousands die from bacteria , teachers are jailed , fathers are kept from their kids , and most everyone is frightened needlessly .
There are real problems in the world .
The media ought to focus on them .
Excerpted from MYTHS , LIES , AND DOWNRIGHT STUPIDITY by John Stossel .
Copyright  2006 John Stossel .
All rights reserved .
Available wherever books are sold .
Because of new video codecs like H.264 , HD videos do n't need to take up significantly more space than non-HD video encoded in MPEG2 .
If you want to stream varied , high quality textures from disc , 50 GB wo n't be any better than 9 GB .
One Blu-ray disk can fit a texture large enough to cover a square with a side of one or two kilometers ( that 's about 3 - 6000 feet for imperials ) with a mipmapped , non-repeating , non compressed high resolution texture .
That 's not even nearly enough for a large game world like Oblivion , San Andreas or Just Cause .
If you want to create large non-repeating textures , your only option is to use texture synthesizing algorithms to create new textures in real time .
And the SPUs of the Cell processor in the PS3 should be perfect for that task .
PC games have been using resolutions comparable to the PS3 in games that ship on a small number of CDs for years .
Sure they use the HDD on the PC to cache compressed data , but that option will be there on the PS3 as well .
Since I had access to the actual sales during that period , I can attest to the fact that at the time it was canceled THUNDERSTRIKE was actually selling more copies than both THOR and AVENGERS combined .
Why were profitable titles like THUNDERSTRIKE , WAR MACHINE and all the 2099 books cancelled ?
The answer I was given was that the guy in charge of marketing had decided that these additional titles were hurting the core company franchises .
He believed that the sales on THOR would go up as soon as THUNDERSTRIKE was cancelled , and AMAZING SPIDER - MAN would increase with SPIDER - MAN 2099 gone .
Sony are just about to release the PS3 in Japan and the US .
It is going to be so expensive that all the people who complained about the price for the Xbox 360 last year are looking like cheapskates today .
The main reason why the PS3 is even more expensive than the comparatively powerful Xbox 360 is said to be that it plays Blu-ray films .
The Blu-ray drive is also said to be why the initial launch was delayed from this spring to November .
It is also given as the reason why Sony had to back down from their plans for a worldwide launch .
( Worldwide means Japan , North America and Europe these days .
Third world countries like Australia do n't count )
Some people argue that the Blu-ray drive will enable the PS3 to have bigger games , and that it will be a major benefit in the long run .
While I 'll admit that some games will benefit from more than the 9 GB of storage offered by DVD 's , I really doubt that there will be many such games .
Here are a few reasons why I believe Blu-ray wo n't be a big win for game programmers :
These are n't all the arguments against Blu-ray , and there are a few valid counter arguments , but that is not the subject I 'm writing about , and it's not a conversation I 'm interested in having , so I 'm going to stop there .
Please do n't email me about how Blu-ray on the PS3 is a good idea for gaming .
I 've heard your arguments and I do n't think they are strong enough .
If we accept that the PS3 wo n't be getting a Blu-ray in order to make it a better gaming machine , whyit get a Blu-ray drive ?
If you 've read the title of this entry , you know what I think .
The answer is obvious .
To make sure Blu-ray wins over HD - DVD .
But if you look at the numbers , they simply do n't make sense .
Sony Computer Entertainment and Sony Pictures Entertainment both have a gross revenue of ~ $ 6.6 Billion .
The movie subsidy is losing over $ 100 million dollars each year .
Manufacturing DVD players and other non-gaming home electronics is n't going too well either for Sony .
Computer games are making a nice profit of roughly $ 1/3 billion , though .
That 's one third of Sonys entire profit .
( See e.g. these for more information ) What does Sony stand to gain of Blu-ray wins ?
Sony will sell a few extra high profit Blu-ray players before they are pushed out of the market by cheap no -name players .
It does n't really matter that much which format wins for the movie studios Sony owns - a few extra cents on each DVD sold will go to Sony in royalties , but not huge amounts of money for a company like Sony .
Look at all the money JVC did n't make by inventing VHS , or how Toshiba who largely invented the DVD format are n't a presence in the DVD market today .
In all honesty , Sony does n't really stand to win that much money on Blu-ray .
So why would Sony risk the market dominance of a very large and profitable subsidy doing something that does n't even have the potential to be a huge monetary win for them ?
The first thing to note when explaining it is to note that this has been done before .
Consider the case of Commodore Business Machines .
Commodore went out of business by trying to force closed and slow systems like the CDTV and the Amiga 600 and expensive high end systems like the Amiga 2000 and Amiga 3000 on the market , while their buyers wanted affordable , powerful and extensible home computers like C64 and Amiga 500 .
Why did n't Commodore release a follow up system to the Amiga 500 for seven years ?
Commodore could have released a new Amiga system with significantly higher performance at a comparable price any time they wanted to , and I am convinced it would have sold extremely well .
I believe they chose to release closed toy - systems like the CDTV and the Amiga 600 instead because releasing a true heir to the Amiga 500 would have cannibalized the already almost non-existing market for high end systems like the Amiga 2000 .
For another example , take this quote from an article about Marvel comics choice to scrap the Thunderstrike comic book :
Marvel chose to scrap comic books that sold well in order to ease the pressure on comic books that were n't selling , but where considered ' core company franchises ' .
While Commodore made much of their money on home computers like the C64 , I believe the people running Commodore did n't want to produce ' unprofessional ' hobbyist computers ; they desperately wanted their core franchise to be professional computer systems , and threw their business down the drain trying to make it so .
I think that what are deemed ' core company franchises ' does n't come down to rational reasoning , it comes down to things like company politics , illusions of grandeur and clinging to past greatness .
In the case of Sony , I do n't think there are any rational reasons why they are willing to risk losing their dominance of the console market in order to ' win ' Hollywood .
They are caught by the glamour of Hollywood , it 's the same glamour that makes computer giants like Intel and Microsoft , who have enough spare change to buy several movie studios , to bow down to Hollywood and implement expensive , fragile , inherently insecure DRM systems that none of their customers are asking for .
It should n't be surprising that Hollywood , who are in the business of selling illusions , are exceptional at selling themselves to investors and business partners .
Who does n't want to mingle with the stars ?
Some Chadians are fighting back against the attackers
It says there have been " numerous victims " of recent clashes between Arabs and non-Arab groups just across the border from Darfur .
Earlier , a minister said that more than 100 people had been killed in separate clashes in south - eastern Chad .
Eastern Chad and Darfur have a similar ethnic make - up and the two governments have swapped charges of backing rebels .
Chad 's government called for UN peacekeepers to be deployed along the border area .
" There is a genocide overflowing from Sudan 's region of Darfur , " it said about the clashes in the Dar Sila area .
He said Arabs had organised attacks on local Kibet villages but that the situation was now under control .
There has been an ongoing dispute between the Arab and the Kibet communities over land issues and water resources .
The BBC's Stephanie Hancock in Chad says there is a general pattern of conflict in the east of the country between Arabs , both from Sudan and Chad , and non-Arab groups .
In April , Chad rebels reached the capital , N'Djamena , before being repulsed .
Sudan denied claims it had backed Chad 's rebels , while Chad denied supporting the black African rebels in Darfur .
Some two million people have been displaced in Darfur and at least 200,000 are estimated to have died in the three - and - a - half year conflict .
Sudan 's government says it is disarming Arab militias , known as Janjaweed , who have been accused of carrying out genocide on its behalf .
Khartoum also denies claims of genocide .
Es sind die Nebenwirkungen , du Dummkopf !
Im US - Bestseller  Freakonomics  wollen die konomen Steven D. Levitt und Stephen J. Dubner erkunden , warum Menschen so oft falsche Schlsse aus ihren Beobachtungen ziehen .
Ihre Ergebnisse widerlegen einige der gngigen Ursache - Wirkung - Klischees sehr originell und unterhaltsam
In den USA sterben mehr Kinder durch Ertrinken in Swimmingpools als durch Schusswaffen  dennoch wird der Waffenbesitz strker thematisiert
Der Fall aus Haifa in Israel ist lehrreich , mchte man menschliches Handeln einschtzen .
Die Verantwortlichen fr Kindertagessttten wollten dort die Eltern dazu bringen , ihren Nachwuchs nicht erst kurz nach der Schlieungszeit um vier Uhr nachmittags abzuholen .
Denn das machten etliche Vter und Mtter immer wieder .
Also fhrten die Kitaberater eine Strafgebhr von drei Dollar fr sumige Eltern ein .
Doch : Damit sank nicht die Zahl der Versptungen nicht etwa  sondern kletterte berraschenderweise nach oben .
Warum ging der Plan in den israelischen Kitas nach hinten los ?
Warum sind die Zusammenhnge zwischen Ursachen und Wirkungen oft ganz anders als auf den ersten Blick angenommen ?
Es liegt am menschlichen Faktor , an einer verzerrten Wahrnehmung und an der Psychologie von Anreizsystemen , erklren zwei amerikanische Autoren , der konom Steven D. Levitt und der Publizist Stephen J. Dubner .
Ihr US - Bestseller mit dem Titel  Freakonomics  ist jetzt auf Deutsch erschienen .
Laut der  Freak - konomie  bringen viele Vorhaben berraschende Nebenwirkungen mit sich .
So war im Fall der Kitas die Strafgebhr so niedrig , dass sie vor allem die moralische Hemmschwelle der Sptabholer senkte .
Ja , sie nahm den sumigen Eltern die Schuldgefhle , die sie zuvor hatten , wenn sie erst nach vier Uhr kamen .
Durch die Bezahlung der Gebhr etablierte sich das Spterabholen als regulre Dienstleistung  eine Nebenwirkung , die von den Initiatoren nicht bedacht worden war .
berraschende Zusammenhnge stellen konventionelle Fehlschlsse in Frage , schreiben die Autoren .
So wird der Rckgang der Kriminalittsraten in den groen Stdten der USA in den Neunzigerjahren gern auf eine verbesserte Prvention , eine verschrfte Strafjustiz und eine strkere Polizei zurckgefhrt .
Stimmt alles irgendwie , meinen Levitt und Dubner , aber der Hauptgrund sei ein anderer : die Legalisierung der Abtreibung in den Siebzigerjahren .
Warum ?
Mit der legalen Abtreibung ging die Zahl der Schwangerschaften armer , unverheirateter , oft noch junger Frauen seit den Siebzigerjahren drastisch zurck .
 Wren ihre Kinder geboren worden , htten sie mit berdurchschnittlich hoher Wahrscheinlichkeit eine kriminelle Karriere vor sich gehabt  , schreiben die Autoren .
Fr die Neunzigerjahre heit das : Genau  zu dem Zeitpunkt , wo diese ungeborenen Kinder erstmals als Kriminelle auffllig geworden wren , begannen die Kriminalittsraten drastisch zu sinken  .
Herkmmliche Wahrnehmungen und Zuschreibungen auf diese Weise zu berprfen , kann hochpolitisch sein .
In diesem Sinne weisen Levitt und Dubner auch darauf hin , dass das zu beobachtende Leistungsgeflle zwischen weien und schwarzen SchlerInnen in den USA verschwindet , wenn man die Variablen Einkommens - und Bildungsniveaus der Eltern sowie Alter der Mutter eliminiert .
Falls man nun noch das Umfeld der Schulen bercksichtigt , dann seien  schwarze Schler in guten Schulen nicht schlechter als ihre weien Klassenkameraden  .
Die Kategorie  Rasse  hat in ihrer Reduktion also Zuschreibungen zur Folge , die mit ganz anderen Ursachen zusammenhngen .
In den USA sterben mehr Kinder durch Ertrinken in Swimmingpools als durch Schusswaffen  dennoch wird der Waffenbesitz strker thematisiert .
Auch dies beschreiben Levitt und Dubner als Beispiel fr eine verzerrte Wahrnehmung .
Die meisten Menschen knnten eben  Risiken sehr schlecht einschtzen  .
Mit ihrem Dreh , den Blick fr neue , berraschende Zusammenhnge zu ffnen , stehen Steven D. Levitt und Stephen J. Dubner in der Riege neuerer US - amerikanischer Bestsellerautoren .
So schrieb Malcolm Gladwell ber den  Tipping Point .
Wie kleine Dinge Groes bewirken  und ber  Blink ! Die Macht des Moments  , den ersten Augenblick , der unsere Wahrnehmung und unsere Bewertung prgt .
In komplexen Gesellschaften besteht ein ffentliches Bedrfnis nach neuen Erklrungsmustern , nach neuen Geschichten  und das bedienen diese Autoren .
Damit werden sie selbst zum Phnomen .
Nicht umsonst werfen Statistikexperten Levitt und Dubner inzwischen vor , die Auswirkungen der Abtreibungen auf die Kriminalittsraten weit berzeichnet zu haben .
Warum Sachbcher Bestseller werden  auch das wre eine spannende neue Geschichte .
BARBARA DRIBBUSCH
Steven D. Levitt , Stephen J. Dubner :  Freakonomics .
berraschende Antworten auf alltgliche Lebensfragen  .
Aus dem Englischen von Gisela Kretzschmar .
Riemann Verlag , Mnchen 2006 , 304 Seiten , 18,95 
The New York Police Department has been going fishing .
Not content to nab criminals when they break the law on their own , the department has been planting unattended bags in subway stations to see who might take them , at which point waiting officers pounce .
As NY1 News reported last week , 220 people were arrested last year in the sting , known as Operation Lucky Bag .
In dismissing one of these cases , a Brooklyn judge said the police  do not need to manipulate a situation where temptation may overcome even people who would normally never think of committing a crime . 
This program bothers us for that and many other reasons and should be discontinued immediately .
Civil libertarians have argued that the program is entrapment .
That is a legal distinction for the courts to decide , but it certainly looks like that to a layperson .
It is clearly a poor use of resources .
People wandering off with lost property ranks far down the list of law enforcement priorities .
There is also the question of whether the sting does actual harm .
In an era of terrorism , when the police have to rely on the help of average people to notice anything suspicious  including apparently abandoned bags  the last thing New York needs are cynical operations that encourage mistrust between the police and subway riders .
By Alison Smith
BBC News education reporter
The women emphasised the diverse career options available
A study of 1,112 girls aged 11 to 18 found a fifth said they wanted more access to technology at school , and only 4 % thought computers " boring " .
But the proportion of information technology workers who are female is down to 21 % , the study by Toshiba said .
Industry experts say a lack of diversity and a skills shortage will threaten the UK 's global position .
' Too much testosterone '
The Toshiba report also said the proportion of IT workers who were female had declined steadily since the 1960s .
Against this backdrop , 11 women who are influential in IT debated why so many were put off following them , and why it mattered .
" We care about this morally , but also on a practical level , " said Maggie Berry from Women in Technology .
" Women do bring different skills to the table .
Without women you do not have a complete team . "
" There 's too much testosterone in my department , " added Toshiba 's head of information systems , Sandra Smith .
She said the male predominance even affected her own role , because she ended up being involved in areas she would rather be able to delegate .
Too few women clearly leaves a skills gap to be filled .
Their starting point was to ask why 84 % of girls questioned believed computer work was about administrative and secretarial jobs .
Many of the speakers felt women were more inclined to choose a job where the outcome of their work was more visible .
This is why many were turning their backs on the corporate sector and moving to smaller businesses , said Dr Glenda Stone , chief executive officer with Aurora .
Working in IT could involve aims beyond the machines themselves , they said .
Careers advice
And according to Melody Hermon of Computer Club for Girls , girls are usually much less interested in how the machines work , than in what they can achieve .
So why were schools not opening their eyes to the breadth of jobs they could enter , the women asked .
Careers ' advisers came in for a fair amount of criticism .
" I'm a linguist by trade , " BT 's Pat Barlow said .
" But I 'm a commercial person .
I did n't know I had a future in IT .
" But my careers adviser said I could only be a civil servant or a teacher . "
Teachers ' confidence to deal with technology could also be an issue , several thought .
But not everybody agreed that curriculum changes were the answer .
" I believe that there should be a subject called technology , " said Dr Stone .
This would make pupils more aware of the value of IT in business and society , and what it can lead to , " she said .
But the technology label might turn some girls off to begin with , others countered .
PRESENT AT THE DEBATE Patience Wheatcroft ( debate chair ) - business editor , The Times Margaret Moran MP - Parliamentary Backbench Committee for women Sandra Smith - Toshiba head of information systems Rachel Burnett - British Computer Society Teresa Scofield - Cranfield University Melody Hermon - Computer Club for Girls Annette Williams - UK
Resource Centre for women in science , engineering and technology Maggie Berry - Women in technology Glenda Stone - Aurora Ursula Morgenstrom - Atos Origin Pat Barlow - BT Global Services
Pupils in England currently study ICT ( information and communication technology ) up to Key Stage 4 , 16 years old .
The national curriculum emphasises skills in evaluating and presenting information and research , and says pupils should be able to reflect critically on the social , moral , legal , ethical and political issues related to its use .
But their own businesses should be more visible and do more to promote work experience for school - age girls , the women agreed .
Sandra Smith said she had detected that some women were " proud not to be a tecchie " and " leave knowing what all the widgets do to somebody else " - usually a man .
But without this core knowledge - which she said schools should be teaching - girls would lack the confidence to enter a sector they might perceive as geared towards men .
24/7 working ?
Teresa Schofield from Cranfield University said she had " constantly been required to prove her commitment " once she returned to work after having children .
" I never said no to anything , " she said .
" If you do n't work full time , forget it . "
The ' jackets on seats ' syndrome does not help attract women
The inference is that women may take an early decision to avoid sectors which make a life outside work problematic .
And those who take the risk may find they do not progress as quickly as men and face a pay gap , the women agreed .
Family - friendly policies are undoubtedly important , but it is not clear whether the perception of a " 24/7 " industry could even begin to deter younger girls .
Eleven women took away a host of constructive suggestions and an action plan - though one or two were not convinced that attracting more women into the sector was a priority in as many ( male - dominated ) board rooms as they would wish .
However , it is a situation they appear to want wholeheartedly to change .
Council officials decided to curb the charity practice , with possible fines of $ 1,000 and six months imprisonment , after complaints from residents .
Other US cities have rules or have looked at limiting free food giveaways .
Las Vegas is thought to be the first to explicitly make it an offence to feed the poor , says the New York Times .
The city 's homeless population has doubled in the past decade to about 12,000 .
Officials said the ban was not aimed at casual handouts from Good Samaritans , the newspaper reported , but at so - called " mobile soup kitchens " .
It was devised after residents complained that the large numbers of people gathering to use such services make it impossible for other residents to use the parks , city spokesman David Riggleman said .
He added that ending the soup kitchens ' operations would encourage homeless people to go to a centre or charity offering services such as mental health evaluations or job placements .
Under the new law , which takes effect on Saturday , anyone offering food or drink to a homeless person will risk a $ 1,000 fine and six months in jail .
' Community responsibility '
Speaking on BBC Radio 4's World Tonight programme , Las Vegas attorney Brad Jerbic defended the new law , saying homeless people should not receive help inside the park .
" If you were to provide a hot meal to somebody in a nice shady park as opposed to maybe a soup kitchen where they have to wait in line longer maybe it's an attractive thing , but at the same time once you leave the rescue mission , once you leave the shelter , you 're left alone in that park .
" No bed , no doctor , no social service provider , and the neighbourhood has to pick up the problem . "
But Gail Sacco who has been operating one such food kitchen for the past year told the BBC she would not obey the law .
" I will do whatever is necessary to keep them alive , " she said .
" It should be a community responsibility . "
 You do have to ascribe some good faith ,  said Mr. Butler , now a partner with the Washington law firm of Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld .
 The government uses presidential authority when they think it s necessary and the law does not provide the specific authority they need .
If there is a road that can be taken , operating according to statutes or putting people into the criminal justice system when that makes sense , they will do that . 
Like other administrations , even when this one alters course , it almost never concedes that its earlier actions were mistaken .
In the case of the eavesdropping program , the administration continues to maintain that it is free to operate without court approval .
Its decision to submit to the secret court , administration lawyers said , was voluntary .
At a briefing Wednesday , almost as an afterthought , a senior Justice Department official said ,  There s obviously an advantage to having all three branches involved . 
The announcement about the surveillance program came two weeks before a federal appeals court in Cincinnati was to hear the first appellate argument about the lawfulness of the program .
Government lawyers now say that case is moot , but their claim is open to question .
The usual rule is that cases seeking relief in the future are indeed moot when the relief they seek is granted .
But there is an exception , said David Cole , a lawyer with the Center for Constitutional Rights , which has challenged the program in a separate lawsuit filed in New York .
He cited a series of Supreme Court decisions in which the defendants had voluntarily done what the lawsuits were seeking .
Such cases are moot , the court ruled in 1968 , for instance , only if it is  absolutely clear that the allegedly wrongful behavior could not reasonably be expected to recur . 
Because the administration has reserved the right to continue the program , Mr. Cole said , the courts should rule on whether it violated a 1978 law , the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act and the Constitution .
WASHINGTON , Nov. 9 - The lobbyist Jack Abramoff asked for $ 9 million in 2003 from the president of a West African nation to arrange a meeting with President Bush and directed his fees to a Maryland company now under federal scrutiny , according to newly disclosed documents .
The African leader , President Omar Bongo of Gabon , met with President Bush in the Oval Office on May 26 , 2004 , 10 months after Mr. Abramoff made the offer .
There has been no evidence in the public record that Mr. Abramoff had any role in organizing the meeting or that he received any money or had a signed contract with Gabon .
White House and State Department officials described Mr. Bush 's meeting with President Bongo , whose government is regularly accused by the United States of human rights abuses , as routine .
The officials said they knew of no involvement by Mr. Abramoff in the arrangements .
Officials at Gabon 's embassy in Washington did not respond to written questions .
" This went through normal staffing channels , " said Trent Duffy , a White House spokesman , who said the meeting was " part of the president 's outreach to the continent of Africa . "
[ an error occurred while processing the directive ]

  ( Douglas Carl Engelbart ) ( 1925  ) 
(1937)
 1945 Logitech
Logitech()16kmLogitechLogitech
1945(1890-1974 )
" As We May Think " 
(1990) (NTT1997)
Memex



19861A
History of Personal Workstation
1962SRI()Augmenting the Human Intellect : A conceptual framework (  ) 

With a " pointer , " he indicates two points of interest , moves his left hand rapidly over the keyboard , and the distance and elevation between the points indicated appear on the right - hand third of the screen .


196111963NASA1K

PARC()PARC12PARC(2001)(1992) 
21


XY21



1970()
21SRI1957
  1950 '60HPSRI
NASA()
 
1965oNLine System ( NLS ) 31968
12Fall Joint Computer Conference3
90(http://sloan.stanford.edu/mousesite/1968Demo.htmlRealVideo)
 3
126AZ7G8H500001A00010B200011C253232526

5
5

251950NASA( NACA)





   
 
HP2
HPHPSRISRI19573 
()1950

1()1(1)
8   
404040 ThinkPad  
 20031016Logitech5
http://pc.watch.impress.co.jp/docs/2003/1016/logi2.htm
 2004910
http://pc.watch.impress.co.jp/docs/2004/0910/config017.htm
( 2006322 ) [ Reported by  ]  PC Watch
PC Watch pc-watch-info@impress.co.jp 
Copyright ( c)2006 Impress Watch Corporation , an Impress Group company .
All rights reserved .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
A bipartisan group of senators on Thursday introduced a bill calling for the death of the stealth tax that lawmakers on both sides of the aisle have criticized .
Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus ( D - Mont. ) , ranking Republican and former committee chairman Charles Grassley ( R - Iowa ) and three other committee members introduced legislation to fully repeal the alternative minimum tax ( AMT ) as of 2007 .
" This bill is really a bellwether for one of the Finance Committee 's biggest priorities this year .
This Congress intends to provide tax relief to middle - income Americans in a fiscally responsible way , and the AMT is the right place to start , " Sen .
Baucus said in a statement .
The bill is similar to one the group introduced in 2005 .
On the House side , Charles Rangel ( D - NY ) , the new chairman of the Ways and Means Committee , has said repeatedly that fixing the AMT is a priority .
The AMT imposes a higher bill on taxpayers than the regular tax code .
The tax , originally intended for the wealthy , now threatens to catch tens of millions of middle - class taxpayers unless lawmakers increase the AMT adjusted gross income exemption levels , since the original levels were never adjusted for inflation .
( For more on how the AMT is calculated , see below . )
So far , Congress has been issuing temporary annual " patches . "
For tax year 2006 , for instance , in addition to allowing certain personal credits to offset AMT liability , they raised the AMT adjusted gross income exemption levels to $ 42,500 for single filers , up from $ 40,450 , and to $ 62,550 for joint filers , up from $ 58,000 .
But if no other changes are made , the exemption levels for tax year 2007 will drop to $ 35,750 for single filers and $ 45,000 for married filers , and the personal credits will be disallowed .
As a result , the number of taxpayers nabbed by AMT will jump from 3.5 million in 2006 to 23 million for tax year 2007 and to 39 million by 2017 , according to the Tax Policy Center .
That assumes President Bush 's tax cuts implemented since 2001 expire as scheduled .
If they do n't , then 53 million taxpayers - or about half of all taxpayers - will pay the AMT by 2017 .
Those hardest hit : married couples with kids who take a lot of the deductions and credits disallowed under AMT .
The Tax Policy Center estimates that by 2010 nearly 90 percent of married couples with two or more children and an adjusted gross income between $ 75,000 and $ 100,000 will be subject to AMT .
The cost of full repeal is not cheap , and it could thwart the chances of balancing the federal budget by 2012 .
The Tax Policy Center estimates that repealing the AMT would cost $ 945 billion between now and 2017 , assuming the tax cuts are allowed to expire .
If they 're extended , the projected cost over 10 years rises to $ 1.7 trillion .
What is the AMT exactly ?
The AMT dates back to 1969 , when tax rates were as high as 91 percent and the wealthy could exercise so many loopholes in the tax code that they could end up paying no tax whatsoever , according to Mark Luscombe , principal federal tax analyst for CCH , a tax information publisher .
The point of the AMT was to prevent that from happening .
The problem for today 's taxpayers is that the structure of the AMT is pretty much as it was in 1969 , when the definition of uber - rich in terms of nominal income ( i.e. , not inflation - adjusted ) was much lower than it is today .
So taxpayers now need to calculate their tax liability two times , once under the regular system and once under the AMT system , and pay the higher of the two .
Under the regular IRS rules , you start with your gross income and subtract deductions like state taxes you paid , and exemptions like child credits .
Eventually , you arrive at your taxable income .
Under AMT rules , you still start with your gross income , but many of the usual deductions and exemptions are disallowed .
So suddenly , your taxable income is a lot higher .
Even though some deductions still stand under AMT , including those for mortgage interest and charitable donations , some key breaks are lost .
They include :
State and local income taxes and property taxes
Unreimbursed business expenses
Child - tax credits
Tax - preparation fees
Home - equity loan interest on loans used to improve your house
Even though the highest tax rate under the AMT - 28 percent - is lower than that in the regular tax system - 35 percent - you will pay more under AMT because you 're paying the tax on a greater amount of taxable income .
How do you know if you 're vulnerable to AMT ?
According to Tom Ochsenschlager , vice president of taxation at the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants , a very rough guideline for married couples filing jointly this April is this :
You may be subject to AMT if your gross income is over $ 100,000 and your exemptions plus your state and local tax deduction approach $ 30,000 , which is about half the income exemption level ( $ 62,550 ) for joint filers for tax year 2006 .
-----------------------------------------------
Bush signs $ 40 bill tax bill
IRS audits more millionaires and 6 - figure filers
The tax cuts :
Where the fight stands now
The tax - pain threshold
1  3,000   10,000 
10  / 
C 

23 
 OS 
 1 
 4 
( )
( 4  4 1 5  )


1
 1  3,000  " 1  "   " 1  " 
 4 

 3 
  
  
  

( )    (  ) 


   (  )




 
(  ) 
 (  ) ()






 (  ) 



(  ) 
 1   3,000 








(  ) 


(  ) 

1  1  ( )
( 100 %  ) 





(  ) 



  
http://d.hatena.ne.jp/softether/20070325 
So one night , I was on the subway to MIT .
This happens often , sometimes several times a week , and I have it down to a science .
Go down to the lower level of the Harvard Square T - stop , walk all the way down to the second last bench on the left side of the station , and get into the second - to - last car so that I enter Kendall Square exactly in front of the the exit .
This particular Friday night , the others who had decided to inhabit my car were three men .
They were young ( 18 - 25ish ) , black , and looked about as stereotypical urban youth as it got .
They sat down about 10 seats away from me .
Lost in my own thoughts , I paid them no attention at first .
At one point , though , I noticed that they were passing around several colorful binders .
Family pictures or something ?
I thought .
Not exactly the swag one brings to go pick up ladies at the club .
I kept looking .
They chattered animatedly , but the noise of the train drowned out their words .
They gestured at the binders , passing them to and fro .
Finally , on one such pass , one whole side of a binder was pointed at me .
I lost all tact and STARED .
Little colorful paper rectangles peered out at me in neat rows and columns from the pages of the binder .
MAGIC CARDS ?
This was by far the funniest thing that had happened to me all week .
Not that M:TG was nt an equal opportunity game , but it does nt exactly enjoy too much of a market overlap with Fubu and Roca Wear .
You ca nt really find ads for it on BET .
Mana burn probably was not one of Jay Zs 99 problems  you know ?
Besides , Magic stopped being cool even for most geeks years ago .
The surrealness of the situation almost overwhelmed me .
Then , as the train pulled into Central and all became quiet for a second , the only thing that could have POSSIBLY made this better happened .
 I ll trade you two of these for an Abras ,  said the guy whose hair looked like Huey Freemans .
My eyes swam with barely contained tears of sheer mirth .
POKEMON ? POKEMON CARDS ???
Upon closer examination , it was true .
Amidst the reds and greens , there were yellows and purples .
Pokemon cards .
Teenagers playing Pokemon cardsokay .
Teenagers dressed in Roca Wear playing Pokemon cardskind of rare .
Teenagers dressed in Roca Wear playing Pokemon cards in 2007 ?!
My only response is this :
First the preps adopted geek clothing because it was  cool . 
Then it was trendy to be nerdy in Hollywood .
And now this .
Who s too White and Nerdy now ?!
( Edit : I ve disabled comments on this post because I m tired of all the people posting about the merits of the Pokemon cards I chose and being otherwise totally immature .
If you have something REALLY IMPORTANT to tell me , email me or something . )
previous article
index
next article Contest -
The mysteriously persistently exploitable program .
By Bri Hatch .
Summary : How can a program be exploitable by an attacker , even after it 's been deleted ?
Yes , it 's been a while , and what better way to get back into the swing of things than with another contest .
What are the rules , you ask ?
See the end of the article .
This week , we 'll take a look at a successful and somewhat puzzling machine compromise .
The machine in question was a production machine that had been up and running for about a year - one of those machines that had so much on it that you 're afraid to ever reboot it , lest something not come back up .
The administrators did a great job of keeping the machine up to date .
All vendor and software alerts went to their pagers , and they were amazingly fast at upgrading when any vulnerabilities in the installed software were found .
The system had several hundred users , with fairly restrictive permissions on the system itself to prevent tampering , but they did n't watch user 's actions much if at all .
Well , it happened that one user would connect to his shell account at his ISP now and then , and that shell server was compromised .
Unfortunately , the user had the same password on both systems , and the cracker was able to log onto this extremely important machine because of it .
The user never noticed that his account was being used from strange locations .
Now the good news is that , since the machine was kept very up to date , the cracker was n't able to instantly leverage his shell access to get root access .
He twiddled around all over the place trying to find something that could be attacked , and did n't find a thing .
He too was likely monitoring vulnerability mailing lists and IRC channels , looking for anything that could be used , but nothing came of it .
A few months later , a bug was discovered in software that included a program named / usr / sbin / buggy [ 1 ] .
This program was suid ( set - user - id ) root which means that when it is run it has an effective user id of root , regardless what user actually launched it .
Such programs need to be very secure due to the elevated privileges .
[ 2 ]
Getting back to /usr / sbin / buggy , this program turned out to have a vulnerability .
When it was invoked with a carefully crafted environment , a buffer could be overflowed , and an attacker could run commands as root .
This , obviously , is bad .
Naturally , the machine 's administrators upgraded the package as soon as possible , and went about their business .
A few days later , they saw some interesting messages in their syslogs : Dec 6 00:00 hst buggy [ 1930 ] : unable to parse ; g+gsz_zi.i|vDj2^qvCsOTD_b|SXD=DrmR^L+q
Dec 6 00:01 hst buggy [ 1957 ] : unable to parse ^ F9LkKqg0 NhYe[ w | ] ]
f- U=9d*f[gN!g^
The administrators had log monitoring tools running on this host , and any anomalies were sent to them in email .
The next day they investigated the mysterious messages , and found ( through a Google search , no doubt ) that they were the logs that would be created if the older version of buggy were being exploited .
They quickly checked to make sure that their version was up to date , and it was .
They tried the exploits themselves to see if they could reproduce the log messages : jdoe$ ./ exploit_buggy == >
Command to execute : /usr / bin / id == >
Setting environment variable == >
Running buggy buggy : attempt to exploit vulnerability in version x.y.z detected .
buggy : this attempt has been logged .
# tail - 500 / var / log / messages | grep buggy Dec 6 09:31 hst buggy [ 20518 ] : attempt to exploit env bug by user jdoe foiled Dec 6 09:31 hst buggy [ 20518 ] : time to get out a can of whoop -a**
So , the software was clearly not vulnerable to the exploit , yet the earlier logs seemed to indicate that it was .
They left things alone for the night , and decided to check on it in the morning .
Sure enough , the next morning there were more similar logs Dec 6 23:40 hst buggy [ 12113 ] : unable to parse j_D^}qu^PLcnKvqjpH`x_ Dec 6 23:49 hst buggy [ 12189 ] : unable to parse xpEhh|=wnQ~tL|8e^k}
They thought that , perhaps , there was a new bug in the software that was n't publicly known yet .
So , they decided to change the permissions on buggy : # ls - la /usr / sbin / buggy - rwsr-xr-x 1 root root 29128 Nov 29 12:13 /usr/sbin/ buggy # chmod go -rx /usr / sbin / buggy # ls - la /usr / sbin / buggy -rws ------ 1 root root 29128 Nov 29 12:13 /usr/sbin/buggy
Now the program could only be run as root , and should be safe from any users .
The next morning , what should happen to be in their logs but yet more intrusions : Dec 7 04:09 hst buggy [ 31203 ] : unable to parse bv, ?cC!sFod`hys Dec 7 04:54 hst buggy [ 32895 ] : unable to parse }hcj:j!Ul'kyaf$x}CI >| Dec 7 04:54 hst buggy [ 32896 ] : unable to parse lv|3_t`avgfO3} , y What was going on ?
/ usr / sbin/ buggy could only be run by root .
Presumably , there 'd be no reason for the attacker to attempt an exploit if they were already running as root .
In a last ditch effort , they deleted the entire package .
# dpkg - P buggy # ls - la /usr / sbin / buggy ls : /usr / sbin / buggy :
No such file or directory There !
Now that 'll fix the problem , right ?
Unsurprisingly [ 3 ] , the next morning there were more logs , and lots of other changes that indicated someone had indeed been messing around the system as root , presumably by exploiting the buggy program to gain said root privileges .
So , the question is , of course , how did the user manage to exploit ' buggy ' , in spite of all the steps the administrators took ?
Upgrading to secure version
Removing global execute permissions
Removing the program itself
If you think you have an answer , write me an email ( send to me , do not reply to the list software , please ) with your thoughts .
I 'll send the closest , best , or most well worded answer a copy of Hacking Linux Exposed , 2nd Edition .
I 'll post the answer in December . [ 4 ]
NOTES : [ 1 ]
Real pathname removed to protect the innocent , and because I can't remember what it was any more [ 2 ]
Programs only need a suid or sgid bit when they need to have access to something not available to the invoking user .
For example / bin / ping needs to have root access in order to send ICMP packets .
You should never add a suid or sgid bit to a program unless you really really know the security ramifications of it . [ 3 ]
Otherwise it would n't be a very challenging contest , now would it ? [ 4 ]
Yes , I 'll have another post between now and then .
Bri Hatch is Chief Hacker at Onsight , Inc and author of Hacking Linux Exposed and Building Linux VPNs .
He 's not keen on the idea of picking 4 potential baby names , knowing he 'll only be using two .
He 's really hoping that tomorrow 's ultrasound puts the baby gender issue to rest .
If not , he 'll be accepting baby name suggestions .
Of course , how could a name make it on the short list without first determining if the domain is available ...
Bri can be reached at bri@hackinglinuxexposed.com .
Copyright Bri Hatch , 2003
This is the November 11 , 2003 issue of the Linux Security : Tips , Tricks , and Hackery newsletter .
If you wish to subscribe , visit http://lists.onsight.com/ or send email to Linux_Security-request@lists.onsight.com .
previous article
index
next article
Scientists at the University of California have created a material which could be used to make a perfect lens , because a key property of the material - its refractive index - is negative .
When light passes from one medium to another ( for example , when a beam of light passes through air and into water , or vice versa ) , the change of speed causes it to change direction .
This accounts for the well - known fact that a stick half under water looks bent : light from the submerged part of the stick changes direction as it reaches the surface , creating the illusion of the bent stick .
Refraction makes a pencil look bent where it enters water
This effect is known as refraction , controlled by a property of the materials known as their refractive index .
According to Snell 's Law , the degree of refraction depends on the ratio of the two materials ' different refractive indices .
Most materials have a refractive index greater than 1 , which means that as light enters the material from air , the angle of the ray in the material will be more nearly " normal " ( perpendicular ) to the surface than it was before it entered .
As light enters a conventional material such as water or glass , it is bent or " refracted " .
The degree of refraction depends on the material 's refractive index
But what would it mean to have a material of negative refractive index ?
This would be a very odd kind of material indeed , where the light was bent so much as it entered that it ended up on the same side of the normal as it started .
Such a material would have very counterintuitive optical properties .
However , it could also be very useful .
For example , it could be used to make a perfect lens , which focused all the information about a source object at a point .
In contrast , lenses made from conventional materials , such as glass , with positive refractive index , necessarily lose some information .
Refraction in a material with negative refractive index
The theoretical possibility of a material with negative refractive index was known about , but until recently it was assumed that no such material existed .
Now , however , scientists at the University of California have discovered a material with just this property .
Their work built on the creation of materials with bizarre magnetic and electrical properties , by scientists at Imperial College London .
The possibility of negative refractive index was first raised by the Russian physicist , Victor Veselago , in the 1960s .
He realised that if two quantities , the electric permittivity and the magnetic permeability , of the material , were both negative , Maxwell 's equations of electromagnetism would give a negative refractive index .
The California team laid down copper resonators with negative permeability , and copper wire strips with negative permittivity , on opposite sides of the same piece of printed circuit board .
The result had negative refractive index .
Refractive index is linked to the speed of light in the material , so it may seem that , for a material to have negative refractive index , light would have to travel backwards in the material - it does n't , of course !
The confusion is due to the subtle but important distinction between the " phase velocity " of light and its " group velocity " , explained in Faster than light , a news item in issue 12 of Plus .
The individual wavefronts that make up the light beam ( the " phase " ) travel backwards , but the beam itself ( the " group " ) , which in this case carries the energy , travels forwards .
The technique is not expected to work for light in the visible part of the spectrum , whose wavelength is too short .
However , the team have ideas about how other materials might recreate the effect for visible light .
By James Westhead
BBC News , Washington
Arizona has the toughest child abuse laws in the US
Morton Berger had claimed the sentence was so disproportionate to his crime it breached the constitution .
If the 52 - year - old had been tried in a federal court or lived elsewhere he would have received a lighter sentence .
But he was living in Arizona when he was caught with thousands of images of child abuse on his computer .
Stark differences
The state has the nation 's toughest laws on child abuse and exploitation .
Indeed , the prosecutor had asked for a 340 - year sentence but the trial judge imposed the minimum of 10 years for each of 20 images - to be served consecutively for a total of 200 years without the possibility of probation , early release or pardon .
Mr Berger 's lawyers asked the Supreme Court to hear an appeal .
They argued the sentence was wildly disproportionate - much longer than that for rape or even second degree murder and claimed it amounted to cruel and unusual punishment .
The state of Arizona argued each image of child abuse was a separate crime so the sentences had to run consecutively .
The Supreme Court refused to hear the appeal and gave no reason but the case has highlighted stark differences in sentencing policy across the US .
China 's Art Factories Van Gogh From the Sweatshop
Southern China is the world 's leading center for mass - produced works of art .
One village of artists exports about five million paintings every year -- most of them copies of famous masterpieces .
The fastest workers can paint up to 30 paintings a day .
Von Martin Paetsch
The free programs will be based on Microsoft Works
The online versions of the programs will lack many of the features found in the full versions found in Microsoft 's Office suite of applications .
Although the programs will be free to use , Microsoft is planning to fund them via advertising .
The move is seen as a rebuff to Google and others which already offer free versions of these types of programs .
Online fight
The free programs are likely to be based on Microsoft 's Works software suite that is often installed on low - cost home PCs .
No date has been set for when the free programs will show up on the net but the software giant told the Reuters news agency that it was " considering " new distribution and payment models for its software .
Like many others Microsoft has already started experimenting with web - based services .
Windows
Live lets people create a personal page that brings together many of the things they do online such as read news feeds , blogs and deal with e-mail .
There is also a beta version of a WYSIWYG writing tool for writing blog posts .
Microsoft 's
Office suite dominates the business market but the software giant has had more competition of late as rivals produce and release free versions of programs that do the same job as those in the package .
For instance the Open Office project offers free versions of programs that are very similar to those found in Microsoft Office .
In addition , Google now owns the Writely online word processor and earlier this year started offering an online spreadsheet .
Many other smaller hi-tech firms run web - based versions of the applications people use in business or on their home PC .
Microsoft 's
Office suite is hugely successful for the company and currently about 25 % of the company 's revenue is generated by sales of it .
A new version of Office is due in 2007 .
Tutorials home | Index page
From brunette to blonde
Before and after Colorizing hair is fairly an easy job .
Play around with Hue / Saturation and you 'll get result .
But what if we have to make brown / black hair blond ?
Then Hue / Saturation wo n't help us because we 'll get unnatural hair color and noise will show up on photo .
To change brown hair to blond ( er ) I use several methods and which one will I use depends on the hair itself and on the lightning on the photo .
In this tutorial I 'll show you one of those methods .
Step 1
Open our photo ( you can download original from here ) .
Step 2
Copy " background " layer by pressing CTRL + J on the keyboard .
Name this layer " copy " .
Step 3
This is one of the most important steps in this tutorial .
In this step we have to extract model 's hair from background .
Depending on your photo you can use many methods ( Select color , Photoshop 's Extract filter , channels .... ) .
Let 's try using channels here .
Go to IMAGE - CALCULATIONS .
Set values as I did on the picture below .
If you go to the Channels palette you 'll see that we have new channel named Alpha 1 .
Click on it and press CTRL + L on keyboard .
This will bring out Levels dialog .
Using levels we are going to change amount of grey on photo and also make get rid of that background .
For doing so you have to set values as I did on the picture below
Now use brush tool ( B ) , white color and paint everything that is not a hair .
This is very delicate step so try to be as precise as you can .
This step is very " time consuming " so I suggest you to first go with the rough selection and see how it will look in the end .
Later on you can easily return to this step and make more precise selection .
Mine looked something like this
Step 4
Now , when we have our selection of the hair , let 's start colorizing it .
If you are still in the Channels palette press and hold CTRL and left mouse click on the Alpha 1 channel ( if you are not , click on the Channels palette and press and hold CTRL and left mouse click on the Alpha 1 channel ) .
This will make our selection active .
Click on the RGB channel and click on the Layers palette .
Now click on the " copy " layer go to the SELECT - INVERSE and press CTRL + J to copy selection to a new layer .
Name that layer " hair " .
Step 5
Now we have to blur just a little bit hair so click on " hair " layer and go to FILTER - BLUR - GAUSSIAN BLUR and set values as I did .
Step 6
Now let 's change hair color .
Go to IMAGE - ADJUSTMENTS - VARIATIONS .
In Variations dialog window we are interested only in More Yellow and Lighter .
So , click on the SHADOWS and click twice on More Yellow and twice on Lighter .
Now Midtones - and also two clicks on More Yelow and Lighter .
Highlights - click twice on both More Yellow and Lighter .
Now set Blending mode for " hair " layer to Screen and change opacity to around 80 % .
Step 7
Go to the Create new adjustment layer and select Curves .
Click OK .
Now right click on Curves adjustment layer and select Clipping mask ( set cursor over Curves letter ) .
Clipping mask will affect only layer below it , not the whole image .
Set values for Curves as I did on the images below .
Set Blending mode to Vivid Light and opacity of this layer to 40 % Step 8
Pick Blur Tool and blur some parts of hair where pixels are clearly seen .
Here is our final photo .
One more example
See you !
This tutorial was made using Wacom tablet .
author of this tutorial is Vladimir Markovic
Thicker eyelashes
How to make eyelashesh look like those from fashion catalogue Clicks
452791 Change brunette to blond
How to change brunette into a blond Clicks
383975 Rotten teeth
Make rotten teeth from perfect one 's Clicks
133905 Half wireframe photo
How to make your photo half wireframe in just a few steps Clicks
114798 Celebrity wallpaper
How to easily make effective celebrity wallpaper Clicks
73943 Thicker eyelashes
How to make eyelashesh look like those from fashion catalogue Clicks
452791 Some FAQ's
May I publish your tutorial (s ) on my website ?
NO - DEFINITELY MAY NOT !
I do n't mind , of course , any form of back link to Digital Photo News tutorials section , but taking any one of the tutorials whole and supplanting it on your website is theft .
If you really like the tutorials and want to advertise them , why not just hyperlink directly to their URL ?
Is it possible to submit some of my own tutorials ?
Yes !
I love to add new and original tutorials to ever - growing database !
If you would like to submit a tutorial , fill in the contact form with as much detail as you can manage and we 'll get back to you with details .
There 's no need to stick to a specific format when submitting , as we will do all the boring work for you if needed ... and fully credit you as the author on your tutorial pages if your submission is accepted .
Can I request a tutorial ?
Of course you can !
I make no guarantees i'll be able to get around to your specific tutorial in any given timeframe , but I listen to audience , and if there is demand out there for a guide to a specific technique / effect , I 'll be only too glad to offer my assistance .
Just ask via the contact form .
 A brief joke | Main | A brief announcement 
Why the commercial ebook market is broken
( Note :
In the following rant , I 'm sticking to American currency and prices because ( a ) they 're relatively familiar to non-Americans , and ( b ) they 're where I 've got the hardest data .
Not to mention ( c ) being where the market I 'm talking about is  or is n't . )
I 've been ruminating for a whole long time now about the dog that did n't bark in the nighttime world of publishing  the coming ebook revolution , which has been coming now for something like 20 years and counting without much sign of actually arriving .
In point of fact , ebook sales figures are dismal .
At best , they tend towards 20 % of hardcover sales by volume  and that 's for ebooks that are available in open formats that are not tied to a particular hardware platform , and that are not crippled by DRM ( digital rights management ) encryption schemes that prevent users from reading them on more than one machine .
DRM - infested ebooks sell an order of magnitude fewer copies , in many cases not even covering the cost of taking the existing typeset masters and saving them in an ebook format .
The performance of the ebook market is in fact piss - poor .
It can be explained in part by readers ' natural aversion to DRM ( if you change mobile phone or laptop , why should your entire library evaporate ? ) , but also in part by publishers ' idiotic aversion to the idea of trusting readers .
When you look at the " pirate " ebook field , things are a lot livelier .
There are any number of locations on the internet where you can grab hundreds or thousands of novels , for free !  albeit in violation of the authors ' copyright .
These books are either produced by scanning a paper copy and feeding it through OCR ( optical character recognition ) software , or by cracking the DRM on an encrypted ebook .
Lots of people download books off the net , but one thing even the proponents of ebook DRM agree is that it does n't seem to have had any economic impact on the sales of dead tree editions .
In fact , there 's a lot of evidence from research into music file sharing that people who use " pirate " ebooks actually buy more of the real thing .
( Eric Flint volunteered this source : The Effect of File - Sharing on Record Sales : An Empirical Analysis , by Felix Oberholzer - Gee and Koleman Strump , published in the February 2007 issue of the Journal of Political Economy . )
So what 's going on ?
As Cory Doctorow has observed , the common complaint that readers do n't like staring at a screen for hours on end does n't hold water ; we actually spend a lot of our time staring at computer screens , PDAs , and tiny little displays on mobile phones .
Let me stick my neck out here , with an opinion that goes against the conventional wisdom in publishing circles .
In the pre-internet dark age , there was a subculture of folks who would get their hands on books and pass them around and encourage people to read them for free , rather than buying their own copies .
Much like today 's ebook pirates , in terms of the what they did ( with one or two minor differences ) .
There was a closely - related subculture who would actually sell copies of books without paying the authors a penny in royalties , too .
We have a technical term for such people : we call them " librarians " and " second - hand bookstore owners " .
Library lending was tolerated by authors and publishers because it was widely accepted that in the long run , people who borrowed our books from libraries were more likely to read them than people who had no access whatsoever .
And having read , they were more likely to become regular readers and to eventually buy  if not the books they 'd already read , then the next one on .
Library users were often poor , or casual readers , or young .
I remember latching on to the local public library when I was five or six years old .
I read my way through most of Andre Norton 's childrens range before I was eight , and I certainly did n't pay for them .
I could n't pay for them ; I did n't have enough pocket money to make a habit of buying books at anything approaching the rate I could read them until I was in my teens , and even then , I was mostly limited to second - hand paperbacks .
So , in the dark pre-digital age of the 1970s , I was an avid supporter of that period 's equivalent of your demonic ebook pirates .
And y'know what ?
I defy anyone to tell me I was wrong to do so .
Or even to assert that it has n't , overall , been a good thing for the SF field , because it got me into the habit of reading , and these days , with a disposable income , my biggest problem is finding bookcases to stick all the new hardbacks I 've bought over the years since my teens .
Now , let 's talk about ebooks .
I 'm not going to flog the already - dead DRM horse ; I 've been there before and both sides of the debate are fairly well covered .
What I 'd like to point out is that the economics of the commercial ebook market are sick .
Right now , many of the largest publishers charge a cover price for ebooks that is 80 % to 100 % of the hardcover price .
Virtually nobody except Baen ( and now a couple of other publishers who 've dipped a toe in the Webscription market , and some self - publishers ) is even thinking about trying to establish what an ebook is really worth in the market .
We know roughly what it costs to produce a book , and we can point to the areas where ebooks are cheaper than paper editions ( no dead trees and ink , for one thing ; no warehousing or distribution for another ) and more expensive ( downloads , website maintenance ) .
But we do n't really know what an ebook is worth to the readers , because the market that could give us meaningful feedback on pricing has been strangled in the crib .
My take on ebooks is that they are  and should be seen as  the cheapest form of disposable literature .
They 're not cultural artefacts ( pace Cory Doctorow ) ; you do n't buy them in signed , slipcased , limited editions .
They 're like stripped mass market paperbacks without even the value - added of doubling as wood pulp wall insulation once you 've read them .
Now , there exists within writing and publishing circles a neurotic fear that sooner or later ( probably In Five Years '
Time  that seems to be the normal window ) a cheap digital paper based ebook reader will come along , that makes the experience of reading text on a screen no different from the experience of reading a lump of dead tree stitched inside a piece of pigskin .
And , as the horror story has it , we will be In Big Trouble , because the pre-existing availability of pirate ebooks will lead to enormous proliferation and a total crash in the value of books .
Some pretty smart people believe this story , and the result has been to give it more credibility than it actually deserves .
And it leads them to draw what I believe to be faulty conclusions ; if you want an example , look no further than this column by Jerry Pournelle .
( NB : I do n't want to single Jerry out for specific opprobium , and I think it 's only fair to note that what he 's really talking about is the DMCA .
However , I think this article typifies the received wisdom among many writers on the subject of ebooks , piracy , and DRM , which is why I dragged it in here . )
It 's the received , prevalent wisdom  and it's a load of rubbish .
First of all , if overlooks the point that publishers do n't manufacture ebook readers ; the consumer electronics industry does .
And the consumer electronics industry will not cut off its own nose to spite its face by producing an ebook reader for $ 20 , if it can produce one with extra bells and whistles that sells for $ 350 .
We 've had the tech for a $ 20 ( or $ 50 , anyway ) ebook reader for a decade ; it would resemble a grey - scale palm pilot , albeit without even the PDA functionality .
But the parts are dirt cheap these days !
If a manufacturer thought they could sell the beast , they'd be churning them out by the bucketload  and it's perfectly possible to read ebooks on a 160x160 green screen .
I used to do it all the time in the mid to late 1990s .
The reason nobody makes such a beast is because it 's simply not profitable to do so .
Explaining why this is so ought to lead into a long essay on the cost structure of consumer electronics , but basically , unless the Chinese government decides to subsidize its indigenous manufacturers in order to deliberately destroy the western publishing industry , it ain't gonna happen .
Secondly , and more devastatingly for the sky - is - falling promoters of the " pirate ebooks will doom the publishing industry " theory , until ebook readers cost no more than a hardback , 90 % of readers will ignore them .
And that 's regular readers , not the folks who own four books ( and one of them is a Bible ) .
Expecting people to cough up $ 200 for a reader so that they can then pay $ 25 for new novels to read on it  as opposed to buying the novels for $ 25 ( less discount ) in hardcover and having the cultural artefact  is , well , it 's just bogus .
We might see such a device ( at $ 200 ) take off in the book club market .
Imagine you join the e-book club .
Your first sign - up gets you an ebook reader loaded with five titles for $ 20 .
Then you have to buy a book a month for the next year before you can leave , and you 're paying $ 20 a pop .
After a year you 've got 17 novels and an ebook reader , and you 're out $ 240 for a $ 200 reader .
Most abook - clubbable people will stay in ( they 're set up for the club and they 've already got a small bookshelf on their reader ) and over the next year the club can make the profits to pay for that first year 's loss - leader .
But 80 % of readers do n't do book clubs .
I 've seen my book club sales , and they 're piss - poor ( except in France , which is different ) .
Basically , the universal ebook reader is a non-starter  at least for this generation  for the same reason that it 's near - as - dammit impossible to sell hardcover midlist novels for more than US $ 24 ; consumers do n't like being milked .
Now , having demolished the myth of the $ 5 ebook reader being just around the corner , the second problem the publishing industry has with ebooks is their misapprehension of exactly what the " pirate " ebook field is costing them .
Some otherwise fairly intelligent folks in the SFWAs anti-piracy committee think they 're potentially costing up to 30 % of their revenue stream .
I 'd like to call bullshit on that .
There 's a figure I 've heard quoted ( unfortunately I do n't know the source so I can't cite you chapter and verse on it ) to the effect that the typical dead - tree book has , over its life cycle , an average of four readers .
Moreover , sell - through in paper is around 50 - 60 % ; that is , for every book sold to a customer , 0.8 to 1.0 other books end up being returned or pulped .
So the real figure is more like ten readers per book actually printed by the publisher .
Think about that .
Today , publishers try like crazy to tie ebooks to a single reader via DRM , in their misplaced zeal to reduce profit leakage ; but for the economic hit from piracy to equal the economic hit from libraries and second - hand bookstores and friends lending friends books , the unlicensed distribution channels would have to be shifting nine ebooks for every one that is sold commercially .
And you know what ?
I do n't think most of the ebook sharing subculture is even about reading the books in the first place  it 's about collecting , and participating in a gift sub-culture where your kudos is governed by how much stuff you can give away .
Yes , this probably sounds alien to a lot of you .
All I can say is , you have n't spent enough time monitoring alt.
binaries.e- books .flood and the other pirate ebook distribution channels .
There are folks there who , of a weekend , post more books than I could read in a lifetimes .
Random , eclectic , nonsensical collections of books , some of which are hopelessly corrupted and most of which are poorly proof - read .
These folks are not reading what they put out .
They 're not putting it out with helping other people read the stuff as a primary goal , either .
There 's another dynamic at work , and no scheme to stop or reduce ebook piracy stands a chance of working until we understand why it 's happening .
Interestingly , Baen 's webscription titles are under - represented on the ebook warez newsgroups .
I do n't think this is an accident .
Books that come up most often are either scanned and OCRd paper copies , or cracks of DRM - locked ebooks .
If you look at the posters ' activities in terms of proving status within a gift economy this makes sense ; OCRing a book or cracking DRM takes time and effort , and is a demonstration of putting effort into something  it 's a high value activity .
Whereas posting something you grabbed off Baen 's library of for - free books , or paid $ 5 for is just stupid  it 's like turning up to a a wine and cheese evening your friends are running on a " bring a bottle " basis with a bottle of Buckfast or Mad Dog 20 / 20 .
It 's cheesy , tasteless , and looks cheap , and that 's how the ebook pirate elite will view you .
So , it 's time for me to advance some tentative conclusions about why the commercial ebook market is broken :
Most current ebooks are grossly overpriced relative to their utility to the reader .
eBooks are actually disposable literature , like mass - market paperbacks only more so .
We are not going to see cheap ebook readers any time soon because publishers need them , but consumer electronics manufacturers do n't .
Readers wo n't buy expensive ebook readers because they 're reluctant to pay over $ 25 for a novel at the best of times .
Only bundling a metric shitload of high - value content with a reader will make it attractive .
Insofar as there are no lending libraries or second - hand bookstores for ebooks , ebook piracy is the equivalent niche to those traditionally tolerated outlets .
Historically , only 25 % of readers paid into the authors revenue stream .
A 75 % piracy rate may therefore be seen as a continuation of business as usual .
The pirates are not motivated by profit but by a poorly - understood social phenomenon connected to status in a gift - giving forum .
We do not know what ebooks are worth to readers , but the relative lack of Baen product in the usual places suggests that if unencrypted ebooks are readily available at an affordable price ( i.e. less than an MMPB ) then demand for the pirate edition will be reduced .
Which leads to the next question : what is to be done ?
( To be continued , when I get around to it ... )
| Permalink
If you use Windows XP Command prompt either for small or large tasks , one feature that is not enable by default is Automatic Completion .
This feature will complete file and folder names automatically that you type at a command prompt and is real handy with folders that have a space in its name 
You can activate or deactivate this feature for a computer , or for only the current command session .
Current Session Activation
To activate Automatic Completion for the current session , open a Command prompt and type cmd / f .
To use , type CTRL+D to complete a folder name or CTRL+F to complete a file name .
For example , to change to Documents and Settings folder , you can type at the prompt :
cd \doc
then press the Control key and the letter d
CTRL+D
The folder Documents and Settings will auto complete ( with quotes since a space is included ) and you can just press enter to change to the folder .
To display the contents of a text file , such as example .
txt , you can type
type:exa
then press CTRL+F .
The best feature is when there are multiple folders or files that match the characters you type , typing the control character ( CTRL+ F or CTRL+D ) again displays the next matching instance .
When the correct folder or file is displayed , press ENTER to complete the command .
If no folder of file matches the characters that you type , you hear a beep .
If you do not know the names of folders or files in the current directory , you can just use CTRL+D or CTRL+F to list the contents of the folder with out first typing any characters .
To deactivate Automatic Complete for the current session , type cmd / f:off
TIP : If you use the file - completion control character with a command that works only with folders ( for example , the cd or rd command ) , only folder names are searched .
Permanent Activation
If you enable Automatic Completion permanently , the feature is available to all users .
However , you can deactivate the feature for any individual user , or you can use different control characters for that user than you applied to the computer .
The user settings take precedence over the computer settings .
( WARNING : Use Registry Editor at your own risk .
Always have a backup available )
Open regedit and follow these steps :
Muzzy 's research about Sony's XCP DRM system
I 've collected some of my findings about the Sony 's XCP DRM rootkit here .
Enjoy !
I 've been rewriting the page as new information has been uncovered , although currently the updates are rare .
I 've also written a short summary about the XCP DRM system and my opinions as separate pages .
This page tries to stick to the facts , so if you think there 's something biased or wrong here , please mail me
Latest updates
The Old Uninstaller
The uninstaller required you to install an ActiveX control to your system before you could even request for an uninstall url .
Turns out , the uninstaller activex marks itself safe for scripting , and has plenty of interesting methods available for everyone to use .
Although I have not analyzed them in depth , I have tested one of them to confirm it really does what I think it does .
It 's called " RebootMachine " .
If you have installed Sony 's ActiveX control , follow the link to invoke the RebootMachine method .
I do n't even want to know what the ExecuteCode method does ...
The InstallUpdate method has a bigger security hole , see freedom - to - tinker . com 's post about the uninstaller hole .
They refer that trying my reboot demo to test if you 're vulnerable might make things worse , this is because I copypasted the html from F4I 's site so it used to prompt to install the ActiveX control .
I have since changed it , since F4I could change their interfaces anytime anyway , it does n't serve any purpose to provide the install ability in the demo .
Scriptable methods left behind
The uninstaller leaves behind lots of methods , here are the names :
GenerateRequestPacket
ExecuteCode ( can crash browser , apparently removed in latest ocx )
Uninstall
RebootMachine ( exploitable , see demo )
GetProgress
OnLoaded
InitializeDiscScan
GetNumberOfDiscs
IsDRMServerValid
GetAlbumArtist
GetAlbumName
GetMaxBurnCount
GetCurrentBurnCount
GenerateIncrementPacket
IsContentOwnerValid
DoIncrement
GetInstalledSoftwareVersion
IsXCPDiscPresent
InstallUpdate ( exploitable )
GetInstallProgress
GetCompletionStatus
IsXCPDiscPresentAsLong
IsAdministrator
Considering anyone can reboot the computer using these , I suspect security was n't thought about for even a second during development of this thing .
Virus writers and such would be very interested in analyzing what these methods do , as some of them are remotely exploitable ... by design .
Magic lists
The installer and player both contain some interesting lists of exe names , window names , and so on .
So far I do n't know what these are used for , but I 'd guess it 's a blacklist system .
Your guess is as good as mine , but the DRM system scans for them every two seconds .
I 've been told these lists are used to hook these processes '
APIs to use the DRM system 's noise - adding versions .
I have n't been able to confirm this so far .
LAME references ?
On the CD , the file Contents \GO.EXE contains some strings
00056c18 68 74 74 70 3a 2f 2 f 77-77 77 2e 6d 70 33 64 65 http://www.mp3de 00056c28 76 2e 6 f 72 67 2f 00 00-30 2e 39 30 00 00 00 00 v.org/..0.90 ....
00056c38 4c 41 4d 45 33 2e 39 35-20 00 00 00 33 2e 39 35 LAME3.95 ...3.95 00056c48 00 00 00 00 33 2e 39 35-20 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 ....3.95 .......
It appears GO.EXE has LAME linked in accidently , but at least the ECDPlayerControl.ocx does use it as well and is definitely not linked accidently .
Some people have been speculating that this is used to detect LAME , but that 's not the case .
The GO.EXE does n't appear to refer to this data ever , meaning it 's completely unused there .
So , they 've screwed up and accidently linked LAME against the installer , instead of only linking it against the other components in the DRM system where it 's used and needed .
Four files total on the CD ( three of them in compressed XCP.
DAT ) contain LAME strings , and it appears that at least one of them contains LAME code as well .
This is certainly copyright infringement .
And here 's Sebastian Porst 's blog post , with information on LAME code in ECDPlayerControl.ocx that ships with the DRM .
Many people have noticed that neither Sony BMG nor F4I appear to be licensing the MP3 patents , which could make the LAME code a patent violation as well .
However , you should note that the sheer amount of patents existing today likely covers most of the software out there in one way or another .
This case just happens to be more obvious , since it contains known software with known patent coverage .
Also , while Sony BMG is not listed , Sony is and at least I do n't have any clue to how patent licensing really works and who needs to do it .
If you plan to make an issue out of the patent situation , please verify thefacts on your own
Strange stuff on the XCP.DAT
I 've extracted the XCP.DAT that comes on the CD , and inside I 've found the most wondrous stuff .
It appears there 's stuff like mpglib.dll , some version of bladeenc dll , etc .
Both of these are LGPL , and my understanding is that these can't be used ( or even distributed ? ) without mentioning about it in the documentation .
There 's also Adaptec 's ASPI stuff on the CD , but apparently there 's permission to distribute this stuff .
I have no idea , though , I 'd have to research about this a bit more .
These end up very visible in the installed system , though ( TMPX dir in windows \system 32 ) so maybe even F4I is n't stupid enough to infringe with these files
Id3Lib is here as well , in very visible form .
There 's nothing mentioned about this on the CD , however sony ships Id3lib sources on their site along their OpenMG stuff , and it 's unclear if the DRM uses the LGPL version of this library or the older public domain version .
It appears that the file ECDPlayerControl .OCX actually uses these LGPL libraries , and since there 's no license or mention of this in the documentation , it would mean that they 're not complying with LGPL here either and thus are infringing copyrights on open source projects .
I wish I could share these files with everyone so others could verify these facts as well , but that 'd be copyright infringement as well :(
ECDPlayerControl.ocx
Infringes copyrights on LGPL and GPL code , does things illegal under DMCA and EUCD
The party just keeps on going .
In addition to above mentioned LAME code found here , it appears there 's GPL code as well .
I 'm not a lawyer , but this could be a DMCA / EUCD violation too ?
The code in question is VLC 's demux / mp4/drms .c -- the de-DRMS code which circumvents Apple 's DRM .
The control flow is the same , the constants are equal ( apparently with one exception ) , the two magic arrays are equivalent as well .
This includes the p_secret2 string which is rot13'd Apple copyright string ( used as data by the algorithm ) .
If you have the XCP on your system , you can go see ECDPlayerControl.ocx in the system 32 dir and search for " Nccyr " in it .
If you have a disassembler , see the function at virtual address 0x10089E00 and compare it to DoShuffle ( ) in drms.c and note the resemblance .
Also check out Sebastian Porst 's post about mpglib code found in ECDPlayerControl.ocx and Sam Hocevar 's confirmation that it is based on his code and originates from VLC
Dump from the First4 Internet 's ocx file
00108018 aa aa aa aa 00 77 75 01-80 45 55 00 00 45 72 01 .....wu..EU.. Er. 00108028 80 45 42 00 00 77 42 01-80 00 00 00 01 9d d5 c1 .EB ..wB.........
00108038 81 49 14 80 01 89 5 c 81-81 49 54 80 01 5d d4 81 .I....\.. IT .. ]..
00108048 80 00 00 00 03 bb a 3 81 -82 aa a2 00 03 bb a3 01 ................
00108058 82 a2 22 00 02 a2 3 b 81-80 00 00 00 37 57 57 6d .. " ...;..... 7WWm 00108068 a5 75 52 4a 25 57 52 6d-a5 54 52 4a 37 54 72 6 b .uRJ%WRm.TRJ7Trk 00108078 80 00 00 00 38 b9 dd d5-92 a0 55 54 13 a0 95 5d ....8..... UT ...]
00108088 92 a1 15 44 3a 39 dd c5-80 00 00 00 55 55 55 55 ... D:9 ...... UUUU 00108098 70 62 63 6 c 65 76 74 75-67 20 28 70 29 20 4e 63 pbclevtug ( p ) Nc 001080a8 63 79 72 20 50 62 7a 63-68 67 72 65 2c 20 56 61 cyr Pbzchgre , Va 001080b8 70 2e 20 20 4e 79 79 20-45 76 74 75 67 66 20 45 p. Nyy Evtugf E 001080c8 72 66 72 65 69 72 71 2e-00 00 00 00 d4 ee 0a 10 rfreirq .........
Variable declarations from VLC drms.c DoShuffle ( )
The p_secret2 string is rot13'd version of Apple 's copyright string , and is used as data during the DRM process .
I suppose apple put it there to help any legal battles , as it'd clearly flag the DRM system as something they made , and everyone decoding the protected works will need to use that string .
Jon ran it through rot13 to avoid having it present in plaintext form .
Although the string is created by Apple , its presence is not indication that Apple 's copyright is being infringed .
static uint32_t p_secret1 [ ] = { 0xAAAAAAAA , 0x01757700 , 0x00554580 , 0x01724500 , 0x00424580 , 0x01427700 , 0x00000080 , 0xC1D59D01 , 0x80144981 , 0x815C8901 , 0x80544981 , 0x81D45D01 , 0x00000080 , 0x81A3BB03 , 0x00A2AA82 , 0x01A3BB03 , 0x0022A282 , 0x813BA202 , 0x00000080 , 0x6D575737 , 0x4A5275A5 , 0x6D525725 , 0x4A5254A5 , 0x6B725437 , 0x00000080 , 0xD5DDB938 , 0x5455A092 , 0x5D95A013 , 0x4415A192 , 0xC5DD393A , 0x00000080 , 0x55555555 } ; static char p_secret2 [ ] = " pbclevtug ( p ) Nccyr Pbzchgre , Vap. Nyy Evtugf Erfreirq . " ;
Disassembly from ECDPlayerControl.ocx
.text:10089E90 mov eax , [ edx ] ; p_commands [ i ] . text :10089E92 test eax , eax ; if zero , .text :10089E94 jz loc_10089F21 ; continue loop .
text :10089E9A mov cl , al ; i_index .text :10089E9
C shr eax , 8 ; source code ands first . text : 10089E9 F and eax , 3 ; same as ( &0x300 ) >> 8 . text : 10089EA2 dec eax .
text : 10089EA3 jz short loc_10089F03 ; case 1 . text : 10089EA5 dec eax .
text : 10089EA6 jz short loc_10089EE5 ; case 2 .text : 10089EA8 dec eax .
text : 10089EA9 movzx eax , cl .text : 10089EAC
jz short loc_10089EC9 ; case 3 . text : 10089EAE
mov ecx , eax . text : 10089EB0 add eax , eax . text : 10089EB2 mov ebx , offset unk_100C5D46 .text : 10089EB7 sub ebx , eax .text : 10089EB9 movsx eax , word ptr [ ebx ] . text : 10089EBC
shr ecx , 4 ; i_index >>4 .text :10089EBF mov ebx , [ esi+ecx * 4 ] . text :10089EC2 lea ecx , [ esi+ecx * 4 ] . text : 10089EC5 add ebx , eax
Code from drms.c
Notice that the first three switch cases are outside the disassembly , although you can see the jumps .
The default case is visible and you can see the code matches .
if ( !p_shuffle ->p_commands [ i ] ) { continue ; } i_command = ( p_shuffle -> p_commands [ i ] & 0x300 ) >>
8 ; i_index = p_shuffle -> p_commands [ i ] & 0xff ; switch ( i_command ) { case 0x3 : p_bordel [ i_index & 0xf ] = p_bordel [ i_index >> 4 ] + p_bordel [ (( i_index + 0x10 ) >>
4 ) & 0xf ] ; break ; case 0x2 : p_bordel [ i_index >> 4 ] ^= p_shuffle_xor [ 0xff - i_index ] ; break ; case 0x1 : p_bordel [ i_index >> 4 ] -= p_shuffle_sub [ 0xff - i_index ] ; break ; default : p_bordel [ i_index >> 4 ] += p_shuffle_add [ 0xff - i_index ] ; break ; }
What is DRMS doing there ?
Alex Halderman has an answer for this .
Turns out , it 's used to add ( not remove ) the DRM .
This way , the CD could 've been iTunes compatible .
However , the code is not active , although it 's usable and works .
There probably was intention to include this functionality , but F4I / SonyBMG changed their mind at the last minute and just deactivated it instead of removing it completely .
The reason they used GPL'd code was likely to speed up the development , reverse engineering it from scratch would 've been more expensive .
Copyright infringement was faster to do .
There 's a tiny difference in the analyzed code between VLC and XCP that most likely means it 's custom made and intentionally included .
Sebastian Porst has an annotated disassembly showing how the source matches with the drms .c code , with this one exception .
Who 's responsible ?
I have rather strong opinions on this , however , so read my Rant and Whine page if you want to hear about it .
Sony is claiming it 's innocent since development was done by F4I , and they merely licensed the software .
The ECDPlayerControl.ocx however has an interesting string in it , used for debugging , which reveals information about the developer 's filesystem .
The project has been developed in a directory called " XCP Player Code\Sony ActiveX Player \XCPPlayerControl\ " , which indicates that Sony had the product tailored for them , or perhaps even completely custom made .
It 's unclear how much Sony BMG knew of the technicalities involved in the DRM system , however it 's obvious that they knew the main features - taking over the consumer system .
They 're facing several lawsuits about it , and it remains for courts to decide if they 've broken the law or not .
COFFEE ADDICTS WERE SHAKEN , and stirred , recently when a memo written by Starbucks Corp. founder and Chairman Howard Schultz was posted on the Internet .
Noting with a mixture of pride and horror that Starbucks has gone from 1,000 to 13,000 stores in 10 years , Schultz expressed regret over a  series of decisions that , in retrospect , have led to the watering down of the Starbucks experience and what some might call the commoditization of our brand . 
 Some people ,  Schultz wrote ,  even call our stores sterile , cookie cutter , no longer reflecting the passion our partners feel about our coffee . 
The memo was seen as a rare example of brutal executive candor .
Of course , to this Starbuck s habitue ( doppio espresso , no sugar ) it would have been more timely , say , five years ago , back when there was still a block in midtown Manhattan that did nt have a Starbucks .
But the Schultz memo is interesting and useful nonetheless , because it shows that even an iconic company that serves a highly addictive product can water down the immense value of its brand by expanding too far and too fast and in too many directions at once .
Sadly , this is a fate that befalls many American companies .
Time and again in recent years , we ve seen small , cutting - edge and quirky brands gain critical mass -- only to lose their charm and customer appeal after they engage in breakneck expansion .
Advertisement
Why does this happen ?
Companies cant help it , in part because the huge macroeconomic forces that dictate corporate behavior impel them to expand too fast and too wide .
But at the same time , the powerful psychological forces that dictate consumer behavior can cause customers to recoil from the chains they once loved .
Many of America s best - known chains came of age in a period in which it was easy for companies to go public at a comparatively young age .
And publicly held companies , whether they make turbines or tiramisu , are programmed to maximize efficiency and increase sales every quarter -- no matter what .
Inevitably , this mentality leads to the cutting of corners .
In his memo , Schultz noted that increasing the scale of Starbucks had led to a number of necessary corner - cuts :
For instance , the introduction of  flavor - locked packaging  that has caused stores to lose their distinctive aroma , or the decision to install automatic espresso machines .
 We solved a major problem in terms of speed of service and efficiency ,  Schultz noted , but  overlooked the fact that we would remove much of the romance and theatre that was in play with the use of the [ La Marzocco ] machines . 
Consumers can quickly punish companies that water down their offerings too much for the sake of scale .
Consider the sad case of Krispy Kreme .
A beloved icon of the South , Krispy Kreme s chief selling point was a limited selection of sickly sweet doughnuts , made fresh on the premises .
When the chain began to expand along the East Coast in the 1990s , exiled Southerners and salivating locals queued on the chilly sidewalks , waiting for the red light to signal fresh glazed gut - bombs .
Advertisement
But after Krispy Kreme went public in 2000 , the company , eager to supercharge sales , started making doughnuts in central locations and distributing them , hours or even days later , for sale in convenience and grocery stores .
Feh !
The store - bought sugar rings quickly got stale .
And so did Krispy Kreme .
Soon after it was flogged on the cover of Fortune as  America s hottest brand  in July 2003 , the stock collapsed .
In today s flat , borderless world , managers and investors now expect that a great business idea will -- and can -- instantly turn into a great global presence .
These days , a suddenly hot company believes that it should be expanding in Canton , Ohio , at the same time it is expanding in Canton province in China .
And that inevitably leads companies to engineer the individuality gene out of the company s DNA .
Schultz noted that the need to build so many outlets at once has resulted in  stores that no longer have the soul of the past and reflect a chain of stores vs. the warm feeling of a neighborhood store . 
In other words , in order to turn into a Fortune 500 company , Starbucks had to start thinking and acting like one .
And nothing saps the essence out of a creative , quirky brand faster than a bunch of senior vice presidents at a Fortune 500 company .
Snapple , for instance , rode from obscurity to household name in the early 1990s based on its funky flavors and offbeat advertising campaign , which featured Wendy Kaufman , a heavyset employee of the company with a thick Long Island accent .
The company s impressive growth attracted the attention of the conglomerate Quaker Oats Co. , which paid a whopping $ 1.7 billion to buy Snapple in 1994 .
Advertisement
Of course , the Quaker Oats crowd decided the suddenly big brand needed advertising that was more professional and high - concept .
In 1996 , when the company unceremoniously canned the Snapple Lady , the backlash in the marketplace was almost instantaneous .
Sales plummeted , and in May 1997 , Quaker Oats sold Snapple at a fire sale price of $ 300 million .
One of the first acts of the acquirer , Triarc Companies , was to bring back Kaufman as a spokesperson .
The Snapple case illustrates how important consumer psychology is to the well - being of brands .
Part of the original lure of Starbucks was that its arrival bestowed a certain cultural significance on one s town or neighborhood .
No longer .
When a chain becomes of every place , it s no longer of any place .
The first California Pizza Kitchen , which opened in Beverly Hills in 1985 , with its thenexotic wood - burning ovens and Thai pizza , became part of the local , only - in - L.A. experience .
But now that noshers can order mango tandoori chicken pizza at 180 outlets across the country , Angelenos no longer take pride in the chain .
There s very little California in the California Pizza Kitchen any more .
One of the greatest traps into which rapidly growing chains fall is expanding beyond their natural habitat into inhospitable climes .
The first Restoration Hardware was founded in 1980 , in Eureka , Calif. , and became a haven for yuppies interested in retro home furnishings .
It grew slowly , mostly in California , and by 1998 , the year it went public , it had 47 stores .
Advertisement
But then , pow !
Within three years , the number of stores more than doubled as the company expanded into places such as Oklahoma , Mississippi and Missouri .
This was like planting palm trees in Montana .
It did nt take .
Selling expensive retro light fixtures was a brilliant business model when it was confined to a few markets , but a failure when extended beyond the coasts .
In recent years , Restoration Hardware has retrenched and closed stores .
Of course , not all offbeat brands succumb to the temptations of rapid growth and public capital .
Several California - based firms have managed to expand at a reasonable pace without compromising their integrity or charm .
Trader Joe s , the quirky grocer whose first outlet opened in Pasadena in 1967 , was acquired in 1979 by the family that owns the German grocer Aldi .
Expanding methodically and slowly -- there are now more than 250 outlets all over the country -- Trader Joe s has maintained its combination of low prices , off - beat offerings and funky marketing materials .
In - N - Out Burger , which is privately held , has maintained a cult following , in large part because it has insisted on not turning burgers into an industrial process , all while expanding gingerly in California , Arizona and Nevada .
As a result , it remains a destination , a privilege , a brand that is owned by the minority of Americans who have regular access to it .
Advertisement
The overriding imperative of American business is to give customers what they want , whenever and wherever they want it .
That s precisely what Starbucks has done in recent years .
And that s precisely what is causing the barista - in - chief so much angst .
Mr Litvinenko's condition deteriorated rapidly in hospital
Radiation briefing
Mr Litvinenko's death has been linked to the presence of a " major dose " of radioactive polonium - 210 in his body .
Scotland Yard confirmed traces were also found at his home , a sushi bar and a hotel , but the risk to others was said by health experts to be very low .
The Kremlin has denied UK citizen Mr Litvinenko 's claims it was involved .
The traces were found at the Itsu sushi restaurant in Piccadilly , the Millennium Hotel , Grosvenor Square , and at Mr Litvinenko's home in Muswell Hill , north London , Scotland Yard said .
Information
Moscow has been asked to help British police in their investigations , the Foreign Office has said .
Officials discussed the issue with the Russian Ambassador , Yuri Fedotov , at a meeting this afternoon , said a spokeswoman .
Officers are looking at CCTV footage and interviewing witnesses , trying to find out who he met around the time he fell ill on 1 November , said Peter Clarke , head of the Counter Terrorism Command which is leading the investigation .
Tests are also being carried out at the two London hospitals where Mr Litvinenko had been treated , University College and the Barnet General , the Health Protection Agency said .
Professor Pat Troop from the HPA told a news conference that the tens of hospital staff who had come into contact with him would be monitored .
RADIATION TYPES
Alpha particles are stopped by a sheet of paper and cannot pass through unbroken skin Beta particles are stopped by an aluminium sheet Gamma rays are stopped by thick lead
She said Mr Litvinenko would have had to either eaten , inhaled or been given the dose of polonium - 210 through a wound .
She said the nature of death as an " unprecedented event in the UK " .
Roger Cox from the HPA said a large quantity of alpha radiation emitted from polonium - 210 had been detected in Mr Litvinenko 's urine .
The radiation cannot pass through the skin , and must be ingested or inhaled into the body to cause damage .
He said people who came into contact with Mr Litvinenko's excreta - including sweat - could in theory be affected , but described the risk as " insignificant " .
POLONIUM - 210 a highly radioactive and toxic element present in foods and tobacco in low doses small amounts occurs naturally in the body can be manufactured using the bombardment of neutrons has industrial uses such as in anti-static devices very dangerous if significant dose ingested external exposure not a risk
' No radiation risk ' to public What is polonium - 210 ?
As the conference drew to a close , a heckler interrupted saying he was from Ukraine and had also been the victim of poisoning .
A post -mortem examination on Mr Litvinenko has not been held yet .
The delay is believed to be over concerns about the health implications for those present at the examination .
The Home Office said anybody concerned should contact NHS Direct on 0845 4647 , who have been briefed about the issues .
Meanwhile , the government 's civil contingencies committee Cobra has met to discuss the case .
' Sheer nonsense '
Friends have said Mr Litvinenko was poisoned because of his criticism of Russia .
In a statement dictated before he died at University College Hospital on Thursday , the 43 - year - old accused Russian President Vladimir Putin of involvement in his death .
Mr Litvinenko had recently been investigating the murder of his friend , Russian journalist Anna Politkovskaya , another critic of the Putin government .
LITVINENKO TIMELINE 1 Nov - Alexander Litvinenko meets two Russian men at a London hotel and then meets Italian academic Mario Scaramella at a sushi bar in Piccadilly .
Hours later he falls ill and is admitted to Barnet General Hospital 17 Nov - Mr Litvinenko is transferred to UCH 19 Nov - Reports say Mr Litvinenko is poisoned with thallium 21 Nov - A toxicologist says he may have been poisoned with " radioactive thallium " 22 Nov - Mr Litvinenko's condition deteriorates overnight .
Thallium and radiation ruled out 23 Nov -
The ex-spy dies in intensive care
Litvinenko statement in full Reaction : Russian 's death Timeline of case in full
Mr Putin 's spokesman Dmitry Peskov reiterated the Kremlin 's earlier dismissal of allegations of involvement in the poisoning as " sheer nonsense " .
Mr Putin himself has said Mr Litvinenko's death was a tragedy , but he saw no " definitive proof " it was a " violent death " .
Police have been examining two meetings Mr Litvinenko had on 1 November - one at a London hotel with a former KGB agent and another man , and a rendezvous with Italian security consultant Mario Scaramella , at the sushi restaurant in the West End .
Mr Litvinenko , who was granted asylum in the UK in 2000 after complaining of persecution in Russia , fell ill later that day .
In an interview with Friday 's Telegraph newspaper , former KGB bodyguard Andrei Lugovoi said he had met Mr Litvinenko at the Millennium Hotel but vigorously denied any involvement in the poisoning .
Mr Scaramella , who is involved in an Italian parliamentary inquiry into Russian secret service activity , said they met because he wanted to discuss an e-mail he had received .
107    
925
http://www.pref.okayama.jp/kenkei/sitepolicy.htm
    >  >  > URL

 --  
929
  
On Fri , 29 Sep 2006 09:02:53 +0900 < psomu@pref.okayama.jp > wrote : >  >  > Web > Web >  WebWeb 



 

 Web


 Web

Web
Web

3Web 




 
 

 > 
21
 --  
106
  
On Tue , 03 Oct 2006 09:02:50 +0900   < psomu@pref.okayama.jp > wrote : >  >  >  >  Web > Web >  >  

 >  > WebWeb >  WebWeb >   > > >  > > > Web > > > Web > > >    |  | Web | 
Web
  --   
1016
On Mon , 16 Oct 2006 11:20:48 +0900   < psomu@pref.okayama.jp > wrote : >  >  >   > 

 
 > Web >  >  >   Web


  



  --  
103111111111
    Web Web   Web     Web  Web Web   

  

  
   
 
 

 404
Not Found
921
December 4 , 2006 Researchers at the German Institute for Condom Consultancy plan to launch a spray - on condom  the Institute is currently conducting tests on a spray can into which the man inserts his penis which is then sprayed with latex from nozzles on all sides .
The plan is to make the product ready for use in about five seconds and offer a more effective contraceptive that fits better than standard one - size fits all condoms and hence does not slip .
Pre -market trials are underway to demonstrate the new latex condom is evenly spread when sprayed and to optimise the vulcanization process .
The company is seeking Condom Testers with a penis length from 9 to 12 cm and 15 to 20 cm .
Men between 13 to 14 cm are apparently welcome too , so we presume there must be some other qualification  cos that includes just about everyone .
We could think of worse jobs , and if any Gizmag readers get the gig , please do nt forget to send us your business card .
Video ( in German ) here .
Designed and marketed in cooperaation with Vinico and Qualo Design , the aim of the partnership is to develop the perfect condom for men that 's suited to every size of penis .
The company had hit upon the idea when considering the difficulties some people faced using condoms , and drew inspiration from spray - on medical dressings and bandages now used in medicine .
The condom spray can is expected to reach market in 2008 for a price of around EUR 20 ( US $ 27 ) and will offer around 20 applications .
Replacement cartridges are expected to cost half the initial purchase price for the entire pack , and will be offered in different strengths and colours .
We ca nt wait for the marketing department to finish its deliberations on the  strength grades   athletic , sedate , sack - of - potatoes ?
Scientists have evolved a complex trait in the laboratory  using the pressure of selection to induce tobacco hornworms to evolve the dual trait of turning black or green depending on the temperature during their development .
The biologists have also demonstrated the basic hormonal mechanism underlying the evolution of such dual traits .
Their experiments , they said , offer important insight into how complex traits involving many genes can abruptly  blossom  in an organism s evolution .
The researchers  Professor of Biology Frederik Nijhout and graduate student Yuichiro Suzuki  published their findings in the Feb. 3 , 2006 , Science .
Their work was funded by the National Science Foundation .
The complex traits , or  polyphenisms ,  they studied are instances in which animals with the same genetic makeup can produce quite different traits , or phenotypes , in different environments .
For example , genetically identical ants can develop into queens , soldiers , or workers , according to their early hormonal environment .
Or , the same butterfly can assume very different coloration in winter or summer .
A kind of polyphenism is also likely at work in mammals  for example in the seasonal development of antlers or changes in plumage or coat colors , said Nijhout and Suzuki .
While biologists have understood the basic machinery underlying polyphenisms , the mystery remained how such complex traits , which involve mutations in multiple genes , could evolve and persist .
 It s long been known that polyphenisms are controlled by hormones , with the brain sensing environmental signals and altering the pattern of hormonal secretions ,  said Nijhout .
 In turn , these hormonal patterns turn sets of genes on or off to produce different traits .
However , we understood only the developmental mechanism , and how it is possible with a single genome in an animal to produce two very different phenotypes ,  he said .
 There had been theoretical models to explain the evolutionary mechanism  how selective pressures can maintain polyphenisms in a population , and why they do nt converge gradually into one form or another ,  said Nijhout .
 But nobody had ever started with a species that did nt have a polyphenism and generated a brand - new polyphenism .
Such a demonstration could offer important insights into the evolutionary mechanism underlying such traits . 
In their experiments , Suzuki and Nijhout chose a species of finger - sized tobacco hornworm , Manduca sexta , which normally produces only green larvae .
Because a related species , Manduca quinquemaculata , develops black or green larvae when exposed to lower or higher temperatures , the researchers theorized that they could use temperature shocks to evolve a similar polyphenism in M. sexta .
Suzuki and Nijhout conducted their experiments on a black mutant form of M. sexta , which is black because of lower production of a key hormone called juvenile hormone .
They subjected the black mutant caterpillars to heat during a critical period , and over multiple generations selected for two different lines of mutant caterpillars .
One polyphenic line was selected to show increased greenness on heat treatment , and one monophenic line selected to show decreased color change upon heat treatment .
After rearing and selecting ten generations of caterpillars , with about 300 caterpillars per generation , the researchers found that they had , indeed , created the two distinct strains .
The polyphenic strain would develop a green color at higher temperatures , altering abruptly at a temperature of about 28 degrees C. ( 83 degrees F. )
In contrast , the monophenic strain remained black at all temperatures .
The researchers could compare these strains to understand the origin of the polyphenism .
Their experiments revealed that it was the level of juvenile hormone in the caterpillars that regulated whether they would turn black or green .
For example , by applying a spot of juvenile hormone extracted from a green caterpillar to a black caterpillar during a critical period , Suzuki could produce a green spot on that caterpillar .
Also , by tightening a tiny noose around a developing caterpillar s head to prevent the juvenile hormone  produced in the head  from flowing to the rest of the body of the heated polyphenic worm , Suzuki could prevent the caterpillar from turning green .
According to Nijhout , the generation of polyphenism in the caterpillar demonstrates an evolutionary phenomenon called  genetic accommodation . 
In this process , a mutation in a regulatory pathway such as a hormonal pathway changes the hormonal level to bring it closer to a threshold level that could be affected by environmental variation .
Thus , the black mutant hornworm had  dialed - down  levels of juvenile hormone , so that the caterpillar s color - producing machinery would be more likely to be affected by temperature .
By selecting for a temperature - sensitive strain , the researchers established polyphenism in the caterpillar .
 Our work is really the first demonstration that genetic accommodation actually can happen ,  said Nijhout .
 In this case , it happens in the laboratory by artificial selection ; but as with all such experiments , we assume that this is a microcosm of what is actually going on in nature . 
Nijhout theorized that such  homeostatic  mechanisms that maintain , for example , the color of a caterpillar , can act to mask a great deal of mutations present within the genetic machinery .
 Homeostatic mechanisms tend to stabilize a phenotype such as color and , therefore , allow the accumulation of underlying , covert mutations just as an electrical capacitor acts to accumulate charge .
And eventually , these mutations could  break out  of that constraint to produce a sudden phenotypic change ; and one way for them to break out is for a mutation to happen  for example , one that alters a hormonal level  releasing all this variation .
 The reason this  capacitor  concept is important in understanding evolution and the origin of complex traits is that the common model is that a new trait gets started by a fortuitous single mutation ,  said Nijhout .
 And while that likely happens , we believe that another important mechanism involves the accumulation of many mutations in many genes without any apparent effect because they are buffered by a homeostatic mechanism ; then all of a sudden one of them alters the homeostatic mechanism and lots of genetic variation suddenly explodes and is revealed as a tremendous increase in the phenotypic variability of the species .
This variation then serves as raw material for selection to mold a new adaptive trait .
And so that s why we think these kinds of experiments demonstrate an important novel mechanism for the evolution of novel traits . 
In further studies , Nijhout and his colleagues will seek to determine whether the type of evolutionary mechanism they demonstrated in the laboratory also occurs in nature .
Also , they will seek to demonstrate the phenomenon of the genetic  capacitor ,  in which mutations can accumulate  invisibly  without obviously affecting a trait , and whether natural selection tends to filter out deleterious mutations in such cases .
Source : Duke University
FAMILY DEMANDS THE TRUTH /
New inquiry may expose events that led to Pat Tillmans death
** FILE ** Former Arizona Cardinals football player Pat Tillman , is shown in a June 2003 photo , released by Photography Plus .
The New York Giants will face the Arizona Cardinals , Tillman 's former team , when the NFL opens the 2005 season on Sept. 11 , the first time pro football games have been played on that date since before the attacks .
Tillman gave up a lucrative contract after the Sept. 11 , 2001 terror attacks to join the Army with his brother , only to be killed in Afghanistan last year .
( AP Photo / Photography Plus via Williamson Stealth Media Solutions ) ** ADVANCE FOR WEEKEND EDITIONS , SEPT .
10-11** JUNE 2003 FILE PHOTO less ** FILE ** Former Arizona Cardinals football player Pat Tillman , is shown in a June 2003 photo , released by Photography Plus .
The New York Giants will face the Arizona Cardinals , Tillman 's former team , when the ... more Photo : HO Photo : HO Image 1 of / 10 Caption Close FAMILY DEMANDS THE TRUTH /
New inquiry may expose events that led to Pat Tillmans death 1 / 10 Back to Gallery
The battle between a grieving family and the U.S. military justice system is on display in thousands of pages of documents strewn across Mary Tillmans dining room table in suburban San Jose .
As she pores through testimony from three previous Army investigations into the killing of her son , former football star Pat Tillman , by his fellow Army Rangers last year in Afghanistan , she hopes that a new inquiry launched in August by the Pentagons inspector general finally will answer the familys questions :
Were witnesses allowed to change their testimony on key details , as alleged by one investigator ?
Why did internal documents on the case , such as the initial casualty report , include false information ?
When did top Pentagon officials know that Tillmans death was caused by friendly fire , and why did they delay for five weeks before informing his family ?
 There have been so many discrepancies so far that its hard to know what to believe ,  Mary Tillman said .
 There are too many murky details . 
The files the family received from the Army in March are heavily censored , with nearly every page containing blacked - out sections ; most names have been deleted .
( Names for this story were provided by sources close to the investigation . )
At least one volume was withheld altogether from the family , and even an Army press release given to the media has deletions .
On her copies , Mary Tillman has added competing marks and scrawls  countless color - coded tabs and angry notes such as  Contradiction ! 
 Wrong !  and ????
A Chronicle review of more than 2,000 pages of testimony , as well as interviews with Pat Tillmans family members and soldiers who served with him , found contradictions , inaccuracies and what appears to be the militarys attempt at self - protection .
For example , the documents contain testimony of the first investigating officer alleging that Army officials allowed witnesses to change key details in their sworn statements so his finding that certain soldiers committed gross negligence could be softened .
Interviews also show a side of Pat Tillman not widely known  a fiercely independent thinker who enlisted , fought and died in service to his country yet was critical of President Bush and opposed the war in Iraq , where he served a tour of duty .
He was an avid reader whose interests ranged from history books on World War II and Winston Churchill to works of leftist Noam Chomsky , a favorite author .
Unlike Cindy Sheehan  who has protested against President Bush because of the death of her son Casey in combat in Baghdad  Mary Tillman , 49 , who teaches in a San Jose public junior high school , and her ex-husband , Patrick Tillman , 50 , a San Jose lawyer , have avoided association with the anti-war movement .
Their main public allies are Sen. John McCain , RAriz. , and Rep. Mike Honda , D - San Jose , who have lobbied on their behalf .
Yet the case has high stakes because of Pat Tillmans status as an all - American hero .
A football star at Leland High School in San Jose and at Arizona State University , Tillman was chosen Pac - 10 defensive player of the year in 1997 and selected by the Arizona Cardinals in the NFL draft the following spring .
He earned a bachelors degree in marketing from Arizona State and graduated summa cum laude in 3 1/2 years with a 3.84 grade point average .
Ever the student , Tillman not only memorized the playbook by the time he reported for the Cardinals rookie camp but pointed out errors in it .
He then worked on a masters degree in history while playing professional football .
His 224 tackles in a single season ( 2000 ) are a team record , and because of team loyalty he rejected a five year , $ 9 million offer from the St. Louis Rams for a one - year , $ 512,000 contract to stay with Arizona the next year .
Moved in part by the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , Tillman decided to give up his career , saying he wanted to fight al Qaeda and help find Osama bin Laden .
He spurned the Cardinals offer of a three year , $ 3.6 million contract extension and joined the Army in June 2002 along with his brother Kevin , who was playing minor - league baseball for the Cleveland Indians organization .
Pat Tillmans enlistment grabbed the attention of the nation  and the highest levels of the Bush administration .
A personal letter from Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld , thanking him for serving his country , now resides in a storage box , put away by Pats widow , Marie .
Instead of going to Afghanistan , as the brothers expected , their Ranger battalion was sent to participate in the U.S. - led invasion of Iraq in March 2003 .
The Tillmans saw combat several times on their way to Baghdad .
In early 2004 , they finally were assigned to Afghanistan .
Although the Rangers are an elite combat group , the investigative documents reveal that the conduct of the Tillmans detachment 
A Company , 2nd Battalion , 75th Ranger Regiment  appeared to be anything but expert as it advanced through a remote canyon in eastern Afghanistan on April 22 , 2004 , on a mission to search for Taliban and al Qaeda fighters in a village called Manah .
According to the files , when one of the humvees became disabled , thus stalling the mission , commanding officers split Tillmans platoon in two so one half could move on and the other could arrange transport for the disabled vehicle .
Platoon leader Lt. David Uthlaut protested the move as dangerous , but he was overruled .
The first group was ordered out in the late afternoon , with Pat Tillman in the forward unit .
Kevins unit followed 15 to 20 minutes later , hauling the humvee on an Afghan - owned flatbed truck .
Both groups temporarily lost radio and visual contact with each other in the deep canyon , and the second group came under attack from suspected Taliban fighters on the surrounding ridges .
Pat Tillman , according to testimony , climbed a hill with another soldier and an Afghan militiaman , intending to attack the enemy .
He offered to remove his 28 - pound body armor so he could move more quickly , but was ordered not to .
Meanwhile , the lead vehicle in the platoons second group arrived near Tillmans position about 65 meters away and mistook the group as enemy .
The Afghan stood and fired above the second group at the suspected enemy on the opposite ridge .
Although the driver of the second groups lead vehicle , according to his testimony , recognized Tillmans group as friendlies  and tried to signal others in his vehicle not to shoot , they directed fire toward the Afghan and began shooting wildly , without first identifying their target , and also shot at a village on the ridgeline .
The Afghan was killed .
According to testimony , Tillman , who along with others on the hill waved his arms and yelled cease fire ,  set off a smoke grenade to identify his group as fellow soldiers .
There was a momentary lull in the firing , and he and the soldier next to him , thinking themselves safe , relaxed , stood up and started talking .
But the shooting resumed .
Tillman was hit in the wrist with shrapnel and in his body armor with numerous bullets .
The soldier next to him testified :  I could hear the pain in his voice as he called out ,  Cease fire , friendlies , I am Pat fing Tillman , dammit . 
He said this over and over until he stopped ,  having been hit by three bullets in the forehead , killing him .
The soldier continued ,  I then looked over at my side to see a river of blood coming down from where he was I saw his head was gone .
Two other Rangers elsewhere on the mountainside were injured by shrapnel .
Kevin was unaware that his brother had been killed until nearly an hour later when he asked if anyone had seen Pat and a fellow soldier told him .
Tillmans death came at a sensitive time for the Bush administration  just a week before the Armys abuse of prisoners at Abu Ghraib in Iraq became public and sparked a huge scandal .
The Pentagon immediately announced that Tillman had died heroically in combat with the enemy , and President Bush hailed him as an inspiration on and off the football field , as with all who made the ultimate sacrifice in the war on terror . 
His killing was widely reported by the media , including conservative commentators such as Ann Coulter , who called him an American original  virtuous , pure and masculine like only an American male can be .
His May 3 , 2004 , memorial in San Jose drew 3,500 people and was nationally televised .
Not until five weeks later , as Tillmans battalion was returning home , did officials inform the public and the Tillman family that he had been killed by his fellow soldiers .
According to testimony , the first investigation was initiated less than 24 hours after Tillmans death by an officer in the same Ranger battalion .
His report , delivered May 4 , 2004 , determined that soldiers involved in the incident had committed gross negligence  and should be appropriately disciplined .
The officer became a key witness in the subsequent investigation .
For reasons that are not clear , the officers investigation was taken over by a higher ranking commander .
That officers findings , delivered the next month , called for less severe discipline .
The parents , protesting that many questions were left unanswered , found a sympathetic ear in McCain , who Mary Tillman later said was greatly admired by her son .
Tillman was well known in Arizona because of his success there as a college and pro football player .
McCain began to press the Pentagon on the familys behalf , and a third probe finally was authorized .
Its report was delivered in January .
The military is saying little publicly about the Tillman case .
Most Army personnel who were involved in the Tillman incident or the investigations declined to comment publicly when contacted by The Chronicle .
The inspector generals press office also declined to comment , saying only that the new probe is openended .
Over the coming weeks , Pentagon investigators are scheduled to carry out new interviews with many of the soldiers , officers and others involved in the incident .
As they carry out their reassessment , potentially controversial points include :
-- Conflicting testimony .
In his Nov. 14 , 2004 , interrogation , the first investigator expressed frustration with watching some of these guys getting off , what I thought was a lesser of a punishment than what they shouldve received .
And I will tell you , over a period of time the stories have changed .
They have changed to , I think , help some individuals . 
The investigator testified that after he submitted his report on May 3 , higher - ranking officers permitted soldiers to change key details of their testimony in order to prevent any individual from being singled out for punishment .
 They had the entire chain of command ( inaudible ) that were involved , the [ deleted ] , all sticking up for [ deleted ]
And the reason the [ deleted ] called me in because the [ deleted ] changed their story in how things occurred and the timing and the distance in an attempt to stick up for their counterpart , implied , insinuated that the report wasnt as accurate as I submitted it  the first investigator testified .
In another section of his testimony , he said witnesses changed details regarding  the distance , the time , the location and the positioning in Tillmans killing .
Another disputed detail was whether the soldiers were firing while speeding down the canyon or whether they stopped , got out and continued shooting .
In testimony in the third investigation , the soldiers said they did not stop .
However , the medical examiners report said Tillman was killed by three bullets closely spaced in his forehead  a pattern that would have been unlikely if the shooter were moving fast .
Spc. Russell Baer , a soldier pinned down by gunfire on the hillside near Tillman , said in an interview with The Chronicle that at least two soldiers had gotten out of the humvee to fire uphill .
One other soldier confirmed this account to a Tillman family member .
One soldier dismissed by the Rangers for his actions in the incident submitted a statement in the third investigation that suggests the probe was incomplete :
 The investigation does not truly set to rest the events of the evening of 22 April 2004 .
There is critical information not included or misinterpreted in it that could shed some light on who is really at fault for this ,  he wrote .
-- Commanders  accountability .
According to the documents and interviews , Capt .
William Saunders , to whom platoon leader Uthlaut had protested splitting his troops , was allowed to change his testimony over a crucial detail  whether he had reported Uthlauts dissent to a higher ranking commander .
In initial questioning , Saunders said he had done so , but when that apparently was contradicted by that commanders testimony , Saunders was threatened with perjury charges .
He was given immunity and allowed to change his prior testimony .
The regiments commander , Lt. Col. Jeffrey Bailey , was promoted to colonel two months after the incident , and Saunders , who a source said received a reprimand , later was given authority to determine the punishment of those below him .
He gave administrative reprimands to six soldiers , including Uthlaut , who had been seriously wounded in the face by shrapnel in the incident .
Uthlaut  who was first captain of his senior class at West Point , the academys highest honor  was dismissed from the Rangers and re-entered the regular Army .
 It seems grossly inappropriate that Saunders would determine punishment for the others when he shares responsibility for the debacle ,  Mary Tillman said .
Baer told The Chronicle that commanding officers were to blame for the friendly fire because they split the platoon and ordered it to leave a secure location in favor of a region known as a Taliban stronghold .
 It was dumb to send us out during daylight ,  said Baer , who was honorably discharged from the Rangers earlier this year and lives in the East Bay .
 It s a well - known military doctrine that privates first learn going through basic training  if you are in enemy territory and you are stopped for a prolonged period of time , the best thing to do is to wait until nightfall .
Why they thought that moving us out in broad daylight from our position , dragging a busted humvee slowly through a known hotspot after we had been stranded there all day was a good idea will forever elude me .
Who made that decision ?
Bailey ?
Saunders ?
That s what I want to know . 
-- Inaccurate information .
While the military code gives clear guidance for informing family members upon a soldiers death when cases are suspected of being a result of friendly fire , that procedure was not followed in the Tillman case .
After Tillmans death , the Army gave conflicting and incorrect descriptions of the events .
On April 22 , the family was told that Tillman was hit with enemy fire getting out of a vehicle and died an hour later at a field hospital .
Although there was ample testimony that Tillman died immediately , an Army report  dated April 22 , 2004 , from the field hospital in Salerno , Afghanistan , where his body was taken  suggested otherwise .
While it stated that he had no blood pressure or pulse on arrival ,  it stated that cardio pulmonary resuscitation had been conducted and that he was transferred to the intensive care unit for further CPR .
On April 23 , all top Ranger commanders were told of the suspected fratricide .
That same day , an Army press release said he was killed when his patrol vehicle came under attack . 
On April 29 , four days before Tillmans memorial , Gen. John Abizaid , chief of U.S. Central Command , and other top commanders were told of the fratricide .
It is not known if Abizaid reported the news to Washington .
Mary Tillman believes that with her sons high profile , and the fact that Rumsfeld sent him a personal letter , the word quickly reached the defense secretary .
 If Pat was on Rumsfelds radar , its pretty likely that he would have been informed right away after he was killed ,  she said .
White House , Pentagon and Army spokesmen all said they had no information on when Bush or Rumsfeld were informed .
On April 30 , the Army awarded Tillman a Silver Star medal for bravery , saying that through the firing Tillmans voice was heard issuing fire commands to take the fight to the enemy on the dominating high ground . 
On May 2 , the acting Army Secretary Les Brownlee was told of the fratricide .
On May 7 , the Armys official casualty report stated incorrectly that Tillman was killed by enemy forces  and died in a medical treatment facility . 
On May 28 , the Army finally admitted to Tillmans family that he had been killed by friendly fire .
 The administration clearly was using this case for its own political reasons ,  said the father , Patrick Tillman .
 This cover - up started within minutes of Pats death , and it started at high levels .
This is not something that ( lower - ranking ) people in the field do ,  he said .
The files show that many of the soldiers questioned in the inquiry said it was common knowledge that the incident involved friendly fire .
A soldier who on April 23 burned Tillmans bullet riddled body armor  which would have been evidence in a friendly - fire investigation  testified that he did so because there was no doubt it was friendly fire that killed Tillman .
Two days later , Tillmans uniform and vest also were burned because they were soaked in blood and considered a biohazard .
Tillmans uniform also was burned .
The officer who led the first investigation testified that when he was given responsibility for the probe the morning after Tillmans death , he was informed that the cause was potential fratricide .
After they received the friendly - fire notification May 28 , the Tillmans began a public campaign seeking more information .
But it was only when the Tillmans began angrily accusing the Pentagon of a coverup , in June 2005 , that the Army apologized for the delay , issuing a statement blaming procedural misjudgments and mistakes . 
-- Legal liability .
In testimony on Nov. 14 , the officer who conducted the first investigation said that he thought some Rangers could have been charged with criminal intent ,  and that some Rangers committed gross negligence .
The legal difference between the two terms is roughly similar to the distinction between murder and involuntary manslaughter .
The Tillmans demand that all avenues of inquiry remain open .
 I want to know what kind of criminal intent there was ,  Mary Tillman said .
 There s so much in the reports that is ( deleted ) that its hard to tell what were not seeing . 
In Congress , pressure is building for a full public disclosure of what happened .
 I am committed to continuing my work with the Tillman family to ensure that their concerns are being addressed ,  said Rep. Honda .
He added that he expects the investigation to do the following :  1 ) provide all factual evidence about the events of April 22 , 2004 ; 2 ) identify the command decisions that contributed to Pat Tillmans death ; 3 ) explain why the Army took so long to reveal fratricide as the cause of Pat Tillmans death ; and 4 ) offer all necessary recommendations for improved procedures relating to such incidents . 
Patrick Tillman drily called the new Army probe  the latest , greatest investigation .
He added ,  In Washington , I dont think any of them want it investigated .
They ( politicians and Army officials ) just dont want to see it ended with them , landing on their desk so they get blamed for the cover - up . 
The January 2005 investigation concluded that there was no coverup .
Throughout the controversy , the Tillman family has been reluctant to cause a media stir .
Mary noted that Pat shunned publicity , refusing all public comment when he enlisted and asking the Army to reject all media requests for interviews while he was in service .
Pats widow , Marie , and his brother Kevin have not become publicly involved in the case , and they declined to comment for this article .
Yet other Tillman family members are less reluctant to show Tillmans unique character , which was more complex than the public image of a gung - ho patriotic warrior .
He started keeping a journal at 16 and continued the practice on the battlefield , writing in it regularly .
( His journal was lost immediately after his death . )
Mary Tillman said a friend of Pats even arranged a private meeting with Chomsky , the antiwar author , to take place after his return from Afghanistan  a meeting prevented by his death .
She said that although he supported the Afghan war , believing it justified by the Sept. 11 attacks ,  Pat was very critical of the whole Iraq war . 
Baer , who served with Tillman for more than a year in Iraq and Afghanistan , told one anecdote that took place during the March 2003 invasion as the Rangers moved up through southern Iraq .
 I can see it like a movie screen ,  Baer said .
 We were outside of ( a city in southern Iraq ) watching as bombs were dropping on the town .
We were at an old air base , me , Kevin and Pat , we werent in the fight right then .
We were talking .
And Pat said ,  You know , this war is so f illegal . 
And we all said ,  Yeah . 
That s who he was .
He totally was against Bush . 
Another soldier in the platoon , who asked not to be identified , said Pat urged him to vote for Bushs Democratic opponent in the 2004 election , Sen. John Kerry .
Senior Chief Petty Officer Stephen White  a Navy SEAL who served with Pat and Kevin for four months in Iraq and was the only military member to speak at Tillmans memorial  said Pat wasnt very fired up about being in Iraq  and instead wanted to go fight al Qaeda in Afghanistan .
He said both Pat and Kevin ( who has a degree in philosophy ) were amazingly well - read individuals very firm in some of their beliefs , their political and religious or not so religious beliefs . 
Baer recalled that Tillman encouraged him in his ambitions as an amateur poet .
 I would read him my poems , and we would talk about them ,  Baer said .
 He helped me grow as an individual . 
Tillman subscribed to the Economist magazine , and a fellow soldier said Tillman created a makeshift base library of classic novels so his platoon mates would have literature to read in their down time .
He even brought gourmet coffee to brew for his platoon in the field in Afghanistan .
Baer said Tillman was popular among his fellow soldiers and had no enemies .
 The guys who killed Pat were his biggest fans ,  he said .
 They were really wrecked afterward . 
He called Tillman  this amazing positive force who really brought our whole platoon together .
He had this great energy .
Everybody loved him .
His former comrades and family recall Tillman as a born leader yet remarkably humble .
White , the Navy SEAL , recalls one day when some 19 - year - old Ranger came and ordered him to cut an acre of grass .
And Pat just did it , he cut that grass , he didnt complain .
He could have taken millions of dollars playing football , but instead he was just taking orders like that . 
Mary Tillman says that s how Pat would have wanted to be remembered , as an individual , not as a stock figure or political prop .
But she also believes  Pat was a real hero , not what they used him as . 
For the moment , all that is left are the memories and the thick binders spread across Mary Tillmans dining room table in San Jose .
As she waits for the Pentagon investigators to finish their new probe , she wonders whether they will ask the hard questions .
Like other family members ,  I just want accountability ,  she said .
 I want answers . 
 ITS HARD TO KNOW WHAT TO BELIEVE 
That s the lament of Mary Tillman , above , a teacher of special education in a San Jose public school .
She has long pressed the Army to reopen its investigation into the friendly - fire killing of her son , Pat Tillman , in a canyon in Afghanistan on April 22 , .
The persistence of Mary Tillman and her former husband , Patrick Tillman , was rewarded when the Pentagons inspector general opened a new inquiry in August , the fourth such probe .
Mary Tillman says she hopes questions created by discrepancies in past testimony will finally be answered .
STORY CHANGES OVER TIME
An officer in Pat Tillman 's Ranger battalion who directed the first investigation into the soldier 's death served as a witness on Nov. 14 , 2004 , in the third investigation , which was led by Brig .
Gen. Gary Jones .
The first investigator complained that the officers in charge of the second invest -
igation had allowed Rangers involved in the shooting to change their testimony .
THREAT OF PERJURY CHARGES
An excerpt from a March 3 , 2005 , memorandum by
Brig .
Gen. Gary Jones describes how Capt . William Saunders , the commander of Pat Tillman 's Ranger company , was threatened with perjury charges .
Jones ' memo said Saunders made false claims that he had informed his superiors that platoon commander Lt. David Uthlaut had protested orders given to him leading up to the incident .
Despite this threat , Saunders was allowed to change his testimony and was granted immunity .
The Geekz shop has shut down .
Thanks for all your business over the years !
Our friends over at FourTees are now selling tshirts , printed using our original designs .
The Retrocomputing Museum is dedicated to programs that induce sensations that hover somewhere between nostalgia and nausea  the freaks , jokes , and fossils of computing history .
Our exhibits include many languages , some machine emulators , and a few games .
Most are living history  environments that were once important , but are now merely antiques .
A few never previously existed except as thought experiments or pranks .
Most , we hope , convey the hacker spirit  and if not that , then at least a hint of what life was like back when programmers were real men and sheep were nervous .
The curators of the Museum are Eric S. Raymond and John Cowan .
See Eric 's offer for more about the kinds of things we build and collect .
If you 've visited before , check out the what 's new section .
You , too can contribute to the Museum !
If you think something belongs here , tell us about it .
Take a look at our want list of things we 're looking for .
Finally , you can browse a list of related resources .
We link to Pete Friedrich 's Spiked Punch project .
We have acquired hardcopy manuals for IPL - V and SLIP and are looking into what it will take to get them scanned and OCRed .
All these packages include documentation and example programs .
Adventure Definition Language .
Ross Cunniff < cunniff@fc.hp.com > & Tim Brengle , 1987 .
An adventure language , semi-object - oriented with LISP - like syntax .
A superset of the infamous DDL ( Dungeon Definition Language ) .
Available for Unix , MS - DOS , Amiga and Acorn .
You can find other adventure - writing languages at the Interactive Fiction Archive .
An interpreter for Algol - 60 , the common ancestor of C , Pascal , Algol - 68 , Modula , Ada , and most other conventional languages that are n't BASIC , FORTRAN , or COBOL .
Correctly described by Edsger Dijkstra ( one of its co-designers ) as " a great improvement on many of its successors " .
This distribution ( which seems to originate here ) includes TeX source for the Algol 60 Report .
There is a GNU implementation as well .
More resources , including sample programs , are available here .
( Off - site link )
This page collects resources  implementations , documentation , etc  related to Algol 68 , the most magnificent combination of theoretical success and practical failure in the history of programming languages .
More Algol68 resources can be found at the Software Preservation Group .
ADVenture SYStem , another adventure - writing system by David Betz , 1986 .
The language describes it as " LISP - like and object - oriented " .
We carry it mainly for comparison with ADL .
You can find other adventure - writing languages at ftp://ftp.gmd.de/if-archives/programming .
A very old and very weird APL implementation .
Said to contain substantial amounts of code written by Ken Thompson , one of UNIX 's coinventors .
Before FORTRAN ( the first compiled langage ) was Autocode ( the first interpreter ) , dating from 1954 .
Amazingly , it has been revived as a control language for microcontrollers !
The BlooP and FlooP languages from Chapter XIII of Goedel , Escher , Bach : An Eternal Golden Braid by Douglas R. Hofstadter .
BlooP mechanizes primitive - recursive functions , FlooP mechanizes general - recursive ones .
Thoroughly primitive otherwise .
Implemented as a Perl interpreter which generates Perl and promptly interprets it ( how Hofstadterian ! ) , by John Cowan < cowan@locke.ccil.org >.
BASIC lives  unfortunately .
This version implements most of the notoriously bad ANSI X3.113-1987 standard for Full Basic .
As the Computer Contradictionary succinctly observes , " Shit with icing " .
( Offsite link )
This is ( more or less ) what happened when a Danish schoolteacher got fed up with Basic back in the early 1980s .
COMAL added procedures and various structured - programming facilities .
It was popular in the Commodore - 64 community in Europe for a few years .
This vesrsion has been heavily extended , but still conveys some of the flavor of what those 1980s micro languages were like .
There is a very interesting history of the language ( presented as introduction to a bibliography ) which puts it in context with BASIC .
( Offsite link . )
The design of C was based on an earlier language , B , which was an interpretive typeless subset of BCPL .
This implementation includes a suite of demonstration programs .
We also carry a B - to - C translator .
A compiler for a very , very tiny subset of Algol ( no procedures , even ) .
More a demonstration on how to write a recursive descent parser than anything else .
Generates stupid but portable C code .
COBOL is still a living language in 2004 , but we 've included a link to an open - source implementation because it 's nearly as crufty as some of the horrible old dead ones we keep here .
Another hideous old design , CUPL  Cornell University Programming Language .
It looks something like a really archaic BASIC with linear - algebra builtins .
This 1.1 version now also interprets and documents CUPL 's immediate precdecessor , CORC ( Cornell Computing Language ) .
I ( esr ) reverse - engineered it from the original manuals , written in 1966 and 1962 ; the language - description parts of the manuals are included in the docs .
If you want to know what programming was like before interactive time - sharing , build this and find out .
Requires either lex or flex , and bison or yacc .
Note : there 's a modern CUPL , an EDA tool , that is unrelated to this language .
A very archaic educational language , a sibling of ( and closely resembling ) MUMPS .
Retro in a different direction : this programming language uses the orthography and mimics the syntax and gammar of Classical Chinese .
A computer language designed by Don Woods and James Lyons in 1972 .
INTERCAL is purposely different from all other computer languages in all ways but one ; it is purely a written language , being totally unspeakable .
Said by the authors to stand for " Computer Language With No Pronounceable Acronym " .
INTERCAL devotees hang out on the alt.lang .
intercal newsgroup .
The JCL Shell is a Unix shell which emulates , in style and syntax , the infamously complex and perverse Job Control Language used to control IBM mainframes .
Joss , the JOHNNIAC Open Shop System , was an early interactive calculator language similar in scope to Unix 's bc ( 1 ) calculator , but with a rather more English - like syntax .
We have a rudimentary implementation and two sample programs .
We 'd be very grateful to anyone who could supply documentation .
A very odd little language alleged to have been used for embedded - systems control on Swedish nuclear submarines in the 1950s .
Notable for its probabilistic - jump instruction .
The language that gave us " turtle graphics "  intended ( in the approximate words of one coauthor ) for 5 - year - old children and less educable beings , such as corporate executives .
Rather advanced for 1968 ; it was really a sort of stealth LISP with pretty displays .
( Note : we do n't carry this locally  we do n't know the state of its documentation , or whether it includes examples . )
We have an implementation of MAD , the Michigan Algorithmic Decoder from 1959 - 1962 .
The entire original manual , including diagrams and flowcharts , is included in the distribution .
So is a chrestomathy of programs .
An implementation of the MIX pseudoassembler used for algorithm description in Donald E. Knuth 's The Art Of Computer Programming , vol I .
This is the GNU implementation , which replaces the MIXAL package I formerly maintained .
It includes all the material Donald Knuth contributed to MIXAL .
Finally , a truly orthogonal language !
This unique design , inspired by a speculative thread on alt.lang .
intercal in September 1994 , is an interpreter for a simple language with two - dimensional control structures ... your control flow can go forwards , backwards , or sideways ( or even diagonally ! ) .
The reference implementation for IEEE standard PILOT , a horrible language designed in 1962 on IBM mainframes that a group of ancient academics was still insane enough to be using in 1990 - and not only using but standardizing .
I ( esr ) wrote this implementation as a weekend hack .
HTMLized version of the CACM paper describing Zuse 's Plankalkl design .
Note : the diagrams and some of the glyphs in this paper are GIF images .
Here 's an implementation and more documentation .
Once upon a time in the early 1960s , there was a monster called PL / 1 that was IBM 's attempt to create The Final Language .
Ten years later Gary Kildall wrote a compiler for a tiny subset he called PL / M as a development tool for 8080 micros ( and wrote CP / M as a demonstration project for the language ) .
This program is a PL / M - to - C translator by Robert Ankeney .
Starting in 1972 , Adele Goldberg and other researchers at XEROX PARC began experiments with personal interactive computing that were to tremendously influence many later environments , especially including the Macintosh .
The language they designed for development in their icons - windows - and - mice environment was Smalltalk .
We offer an implementation here .
One of the most interesting , original , and influential languages of the 1960s , SNOBOL was designed around string - processing , pattern - matching , and textual transformation .
Like many other one - idea languages ( TRAC , APL ) it was extremely powerful and elegant within its problem domain , but weak outside it ( there also seems to be a law that such languages must have obscure syntax ) .
It strongly influenced UNIX regular expression notation .
Docs and example programs are bundled with the so - called `vanilla ' distribution .
( Note : we do n't keep this locally . )
( You may also want to check out the Icon home page . )
Yes , it 's the Editor From Hell ... the infamous TECO , bane of lusers and tricky , unforgiving tool of master hackers .
Build this to find out ( a ) what we lived with before Emacs , and ( b ) how expressive line noise can be .
This is Sander Van Malsen 's ANSIfied version of TECO for Ultrix .
For other versions of TECO , see the collection at http://sunsite.tus.ac.jp/pub/academic/computer-science/history/pdp-11/teco/.
An extremely funky computer language based entirely on macro processing .
There is an interpreter written in Perl , and a text file documenting the language and the implementation .
This implementation is by John Cowan < cowan@locke.ccil.org >.
Turingol , a language for programming Turing machines .
Invented by Donald Knuth to demonstrate some technical points in compiler design ( featured the first construction of a nontrivial attribute grammar ) .
See " Semantics of Context - Free Languages " , D. Knuth , Math Sys Thy 2:127-145 ( 1975 ) .
This implementation is written in Java by Georges Focant .
An implementation of Turingol in C by Peter Gammie .
Dumps the tape states during computation to standard output .
This version has been lightly adapted from Gammie 's original for the Museum .
A stack - based , Forth - like language for speakers of Klingon .
The author says : " var'aq is the bastard child of a back - room tryst between PostScript and Lisp after a Star Trek convention .... it's really something of a Klingon Basic , a simple , loosely - typed programming language designed mostly just to be used for programming things like command displays and high - level control systems .
In its eventual final incarnation , we 're looking at concurrency , advanced mathematics , and even native support for distributed programs ... "
The author describes Unlambda as " Your Functional Programming Language Nightmares Come True " .
Elsewhere , there is a Unlambda interpreter in INTERCAL .
You 've heard of RISC , Reduced Instruction Set Computers ?
Well , here is the concept taken to its logical extreme  an emulator for a computer with just one ( 1 ) instruction ( Subtract and Branch if Negative ) !
Sample programs in the OISC machine language are included .
We now have available have a revised and expanded version of oisc called OIC .
In the future , this may replace OISC .
There have been several demonstration emulators for machine architectures with single instructions .
This is another .
Examples of its unique assembly language are included .
Retro in a different direction : this programming language uses the orthography and mimics the syntax and gammar of Classical Chinese .
The DEC PDP/8 was the best - selling computer in the world until the advent of the Apple II .
However , we do n't maintain PDP - 8 software here , because there is an excellent archive at sunsite .
unc.edu in the `/pub / academic / computer - science / history / pdp8 ' directory ; various emulators are available in the `emulators ' subdirectory .
On a modern RISC box , an emulator can run faster than the ancient TTL hardware it is emulating !
A faithful clone of the classic Hunt The Wumpus game , exactly as it appeared in 1972 on the Dartmouth Time - Sharing System .
Also includes an original but strangely similar game , superhack .
( This game has popped up in some odd places .
You can actually play it on a WAP cellphone ) .
Colossal Cave Adventure - not the 350 - point 1977 version in the BSD Games collection , but the 430 - point 1995 version that was the last one Crowther & Woods worked on .
Issued with the permission of the authors .
SST2K is a modern Unix port of the University of Texas " Star Trek " game originally written in FORTRAN in the mid-1970s .
It has options to restrict its feature set to what was in earlier versions .
Possible Future Projects
The Museum has an incomplete BLISS - to - C compiler .
A substantial amount of BLISS source code is available for use as test code .
Implementations , or softcopy specifications , for the following languages :
IPL-V , SLIP , RPG , JOVIAL , CORAL , POP - 2 or POP - 10 , 1401 Autocoder , NEAT/3 .
Hm , there seens to be a Coral spec here ....
Sample programs to add to the distributions for the following languages :
FOCAL , ALGOL - 60 , JCL , TECO .
The Heirloom Project
The Heirloom Project provides a large collection of classic Unix tools forward - ported from OpenSolaris .
The curator says : " Some people like to drive classic cars , others like to arrange their domiciles with period furniture .
The Heirloom Project caters to people who like to operate their computers using a traditional Unix command line interface .
The Heirloom Project is not a software museum ; it does not attempt to preserve utilities unmodified .
Rather , it keeps stylistic , algorithmic , and interface aspects intact while modernizing the framework as appropriate . "
The Source of Multics
( Off - site link )
The source code of the Multics operating system has been opened and is now available from MIT .
This was one of the pioneering timesharing operating systems of the mid-1960s -- actually , only the second one ever built , after CTSS -- and was the design ancestor of Unix .
This is an archive of classic AI programs and games including Eliza , Adventure , and many others .
Also , implementations of AI languages including XLISP and many others .
The Attic is an FTP archive located at : {bongo , ftp}.cc.utexas.edu:pub/AI_ATTIC .
This is a collection of Internet slang , folklore , and history .
The entry page also offers you the option to download it in one of several formats .
The collection of open - source software that I wrote and / or maintain .
There is some overlap with this collection , of course .
This is a collection of implementations of a trivial program ( one to print out the lyrics of " 99 Bottles Of Beer On The Wall " ) in lots of different languages .
A very interesting chrestomathy .
Perhaps the ultimate retrocomputing - in - hardware project !
Do n't miss the nifty picture of the test chip .
And this must be the ultimate retrocomputing - in - software project ; an emulator of Babbage 's Analytical Engine , with lots of supporting documentation .
Yet another page of nasty old languages .
Perhaps the most remarkable hardware retrocomputing hack yet was Tony Sale 's painstaking reconstruction of the Colossus machine , a parallel computer built for codebreaking during WWII and kept secret for fifty years afterwards .
A collection of simulations of historical machines .
Bill Buzbee designed and home - built computer roughly equivalent in power to an eary 8086 using TTL chips and wire - wrap .
Then he hand - built an OS for it , retargeted a C compiler to it , and ported Minix to it .
Need we add that it has a front panel full of switches and blinkenlights ?
A ne plus ultra of old - school hacking back in the 1980s from a high - school kid who homebrew - hacked an IBM card punch to be driven by a TRS - 80 ... and , decades later , recovered the original hardware and describes how he did it .
With photographs .
Some material on this site may be under copyright by its original authors and reproduced without permission here .
We 're talking about code and manuals that are decades old and predate even the concept of open - source licensing ; in some cases the original authors are dead or long retired and it is not clear how to even begin locating them .
This site is a resource for hackers and scholars .
We have tried to treat all these materials with respect for the intentions of their authors .
If you are an author , we will be happy to comply with any requests concerning your material .
Ben Goldacre
Saturday August 5 , 2006
The Guardian
Certain areas of human conduct lend themselves so readily to bad science that you have to wonder if there is a pattern emerging .
Last week the parliamentary science and technology committee looked into the ABC classification of illegal drugs , and found it was rubbish .
This is not an article about that report , but it is a good place to start : drugs , they found , are supposed to be ranked by harm , in classes A , B , and C , but they re not ; and the ranking is supposed to act as a deterrent , but it does nt .
Watching this small area of prohibition collapse like wet tissue paper got me thinking : how does the world of prohibition match up against our gold standards for bad science , like the nutritionists or the anti-MMR movement ?
Have any of the prominent academic papers been retracted ?
Yes , they have .
Professor George Ricaurte , funded by the National Institute for Drug Abuse , published an article in Science , describing how he administered a comparable recreational dose of ecstasy to monkeys : this dose killed 20 % of the monkeys , and another 20 % were severely injured .
Even before it was announced  a year later  that they d got the bottles mixed up and used the wrong drug , you did nt need to be Einstein to know this was duff research , because millions of clubbers have taken the  comparable  recreational dose of ecstasy , and 20 % of them did not die .
It s no wonder animal rights campaigners manage to persuade themselves that animal research makes a bad model for human physiology .
That s before you even get started on workaday bad science .
Like the food gurus , prohibitionists will cherry pick research that suits them , measure inappropriate surrogate outcomes , and wishfully over - interpret data : a prohibitionist will observe that less cannabis has been seized , and declare that this means there is less cannabis on the streets , rather than less police interest .
For textbook bad science we d also want to see the media distorting research : overstating the stuff it likes , and ignoring stuff it does nt , especially negative findings .
We used to read a lot about cannabis and lung cancer in the papers .
The largest ever study of whether cannabis causes lung cancer reported its findings recently , to total UK media silence .
Lifelong cannabis users , who had smoked more than 22,000 joints , showed no greater risk of cancer than people who had never smoked cannabis .
While no journalist has written a single word on that study , the Times did manage to make a front page story headed  Cocaine floods the playground : use of the addictive drug by children doubles in a year ,  out of their misinterpretation of a government report that showed nothing of the sort .
There are even optimists who believe in quick fix treatments for drug habits  the heroin detox in five days , or painless withdrawal in just 48 hours , under general anaesthesia .
Why are drugs such a bad science magnet ?
Partly , of course , it s the moral panic .
But more than that , sat squarely at the heart of our discourse on drugs , is one fabulously reductionist notion : it is the idea that a complex web of social , moral , criminal , health , and political problems can be simplified to , blamed on , or treated via a molecule or a plant .
You d have a job keeping that idea afloat .
 Please send your bad science to bad.science@guardian.co.uk
[ I m going to be really self indulgent and mention that in my head , well in my book really , this was a smashing 2,000 word thesis with 8 examples in it , and by the time I d chopped it down to a 600 word column with four crammed half examples it had kind of stopped holding water .
I ve been playing a bit of Go recently , which always takes my brain over completely , and this column was like trying to fit four battles on a 99 board . ]
Interactive tutorial
Here you will find 10 documents supplied in order of difficulty .
Each document is offered alongside : an historical background ; a glossary ; notes on the palaeography ; a sample alphabet taken from each document and a full transcript .
The rich just keep getting richer .
There are now a record 946 dollar billionaires around the globe , according to the latest Forbes ranking ; making their fortunes in everything from telecoms to steel to Chinese dumplings .
For the 13th year straight , the ranking was topped by Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates , who is rapidly becoming as well known for giving his money away as he is for accumulating it .
Mr Gates ' fortune rose $ 6bn last year to $ 56bn (  29bn ) .
His friend , the wisecracking investment expert Warren Buffett , remained in second spot .
His fortune rose $ 10 bn during the year to reach $ 52bn .
Like Mr Gates , he has promised to give virtually all of his money to charitable causes .
Third on the list is the Mexican telecoms entrepreneur Carlos Slim Helu , who added $ 19bn to his wealth , taking him to $ 49bn .
The combined wealth on the list grew 35 % during the year to $ 3.5 trillion on the back of rising property prices , commodities and stock markets .
Luisa Kroll who helped compile the list at Forbes described it as " kind of an extraordinary year " .
In the previous list there were just 793 billionaires .
The highest ranking Briton on the list is the Duke of Westminster , Gerald Cavendish Grosvenor , at number 55 , who inherited much of his wealth and is one of the UK 's wealthiest landowners .
He is said to be worth $ 11bn .
Sir Philip Green , the retail entrepreneur who controls British Home Stores and Top Shop owner Arcadia is the second ranked Briton at 104 .
Sir Philip , 55 , is sitting on a $ 7bn fortune .
Next are the property tycoons David and Simon Rueben , worth a combined $ 4.5 bn and ranked at 177 .
There are 29 British citizens on the list .
Virgin founder Sir Richard Branson is ranked 230 with $ 3.8bn , David Sainsbury , a scion of the grocery chain empire is 432nd with $ 2.2bn ; Daily Mail boss Viscount Rothermere , Jonathan Harmsworth , is ranked at 618 with $ 1.6bn and James Dyson cleans up at the same ranking , also with $ 1.6bn .
Harry Potter author JK
Rowling scrapes in at the bottom of the list with a fortune valued at $ 1bn .
There are two others who have made their fortunes from a decidedly different type of publishing ; Richard Desmond the former soft porn publisher who know owns the Daily Express is 754th on the list with $ 1.3bn in the bank and Paul Raymond , who owns Escort , Mayfair and Razzle magazines , is also worth $ 1bn .
A clear trend to emerge is the growing wealth in both China and India , the two firebrand economies driving global growth .
Another 14 people from India joined the list .
With a total of 36 billionaires , India has now overtaken Japan , which has 24 , as home to the most billionaires in Asia .
There are three Indians in the top 20 , led by Lakshmi Mittal , an Indian citizen but a London resident , who is ranked at number five with $ 32bn .
There were 13 Chinese newcomers including Li Wei , the founder of Synear Food Holding .
Her company is one of China 's largest producers of frozen food , including dumplings , and is an official supplier to the Beijing Olympics in 2008 .
The US still has 44 % of the world billionaires but its share is shrinking .
Russia is also rising fast and has 53 billionaires according to Forbes .
The Wal - Mart family dropped from the top 20 , reflecting a difficult year for the world 's largest retailer .
The average billionaire is 62 years old and 60 % of the people on the list made their money from scratch .
Around 100 eligible men are included among the world 's wealthiest .
As Forbes says , singletons should stop scouring the grocery store aisles and bars and start studying the list .
Heading the bachelor pack are Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin - unmarried at 33 and 34 respectively , they are worth $ 16.6 bn apiece , taking 26th place in the overall list .
Other notable bachelor boys are Russian metals magnate Mikhail Prokhorov , in 38th place with an estimated net worth of $ 13.5 bn ; or divorced James Packer , sitting on a more modest $ 5.5 bn media fortune .
For those after a walk on the wild side , its worth looking down the list to 664th place for the accordion - playing , fire - breathing founder of Cirque du Soleil , Guy Laliberte .
The 47 - year - old Canadian founded his circus - based , animal - free acrobatic show in 1984 and still retains 95 % of the business .
His worth is estimated at $ 1.5 bn .
The top- ranking woman , at number 12 , is 84 - year - old L'Oreal heiress Liliane Bettencourt , with a fortune of $ 20.7bn .
Chat show queen Oprah Winfrey is estimated to be worth $ 1.5 bn .
For all the razzle - dazzle surrounding Google , the company must still work through common business problems such as reporting revenue and tracking projects .
But it sometimes addresses those needs in unconventional  yet highly efficient  ways .
Other
With his unruly hair dipping across his forehead , Douglas Merrill walks up to the lectern set up in a ballroom of the Arizona Biltmore Resort and Spa , looking like a slightly rumpled university professor about to start a lecture .
In fact , he is here on this April morning to talk about his work as director of internal technology for Google to a crowd of chief information officers gathered at a breakfast sponsored by local recruiting firm Phoenix Staffing .
Google , the secretive , extraordinarily successful $ 6.1 billion global search engine company , is one of the most recognized brands in the world .
Yet it selectively discusses its innovative information management infrastructure  which is based on one of the largest distributed computing / grid systems in the world .
Merrill is about to give his audience a rare glimpse into the future according to Google , and explain the workings of the company and the computer systems behind it .
For all the razzle - dazzle surrounding Google  everything from the press it gets for its bring - your - dog - to - work casual workplace , to its stock price , market share , dizzying array of beta product launches and its death - match competition with Microsoft  it must also solve more basic issues like billing , collection , reporting revenue , tracking projects , hiring contractors , recruiting and evaluating employees , and managing videoconferencing systems  in other words , common business problems .
But this does not mean that Google solves these problems in a conventional way , as Merrill is about to explain .
" We 're about not ever accepting that the way something has been done in the past is necessarily the best way to do it today , " he says .
Among other things , that means that Google often does n't deploy standard business applications on standard hardware .
Instead , it may use the same text parsing technology that drives its search engine to extract application input from an e-mail , rather than a conventional user interface based on data entry forms .
Instead of deploying an application to a conventional server , Merrill may deploy it to a proprietary server - clustering infrastructure that runs across its worldwide data centers .
Google runs on hundreds of thousands of servers  by one estimate , in excess of 450,000  racked up in thousands of clusters in dozens of data centers around the world .
It has data centers in Dublin , Ireland ; in Virginia ; and in California , where it just acquired the million - square - foot headquarters it had been leasing .
It recently opened a new center in Atlanta , and is currently building two football - field - sized centers in The Dalles , Ore .
By having its servers and data centers distributed geographically , Google delivers faster performance to its worldwide audience , because the speed of the connection between any two computers on the Internet is partly a factor of the speed of light , as well as delays caused by network switches and routers .
And although search is still Google 's big moneymaker , those servers are also running a fast - expanding family of other applications like Gmail , Blogger , and now even Web - based word processors and spreadsheets .
That 's why there is so much speculation about Google the Microsoft - killer , the latest firm nominated to drive everything to the Web and make the Windows desktop irrelevant .
Whether or not you believe that , it 's certainly true that Google and Microsoft are banging heads .
Microsoft expects to make about a $ 1.5 billion capital investment in server and data structure infrastructure this year .
Google is likely to spend at least as much to maintain its lead , following a $ 838 million investment in 2005 .
And at Google , large - scale systems technology is all - important .
In 2005 , it indexed 8 billion Web pages .
Meanwhile , its market share continues to soar .
According to a recent ComScore Networks qSearch survey , Google 's market share for search among U.S. Internet users reached 43 % in April , compared with 28 % for Yahoo and 12.9 % for The Microsoft Network ( MSN ) .
And Google 's market share is growing ; a year ago , it was 36.5 % .
The same survey indicates that Americans conducted 6.6 billion searches online in April , up 4 % from the previous month .
Google sites led the pack with 2.9 billion search queries performed , followed by Yahoo sites ( 1.9 billion ) and MSN - Microsoft ( 858 million ) .
This growth is driven by an abundance of scalable technology .
As Google noted in its most recent annual report filing with the SEC : " Our business relies on our software and hardware infrastructure , which provides substantial computing resources at low cost .
We currently use a combination of off - the - shelf and custom software running on clusters of commodity computers .
Our considerable investment in developing this infrastructure has produced several key benefits .
It simplifies the storage and processing of large amounts of data , eases the deployment and operation of large - scale global products and services , and automates much of the administration of large - scale clusters of computers . "
Google buys , rather than leases , computer equipment for maximum control over its infrastructure .
Google chief executive officer Eric Schmidt defended that strategy in a May 31 call with financial analysts .
" We believe we get tremendous competitive advantage by essentially building our own infrastructures , " he said .
Google does more than simply buy lots of PC - class servers and stuff them in racks , Schmidt said : " We 're really building what we think of internally as supercomputers . "
Because Google operates at such an extreme scale , it 's a system worth studying , particularly if your organization is pursuing or evaluating the grid computing strategy , in which high - end computing tasks are performed by many low - cost computers working in tandem .
Despite boasting about this infrastructure , Google turned down requests for interviews with its designers , as well as for a follow - up interview with Merrill .
Merrill did answer questions during his presentation in Phoenix , however , and the division of the company that sells the Google Search Appliance helped fill in a few blanks .
In general , Google has a split personality when it comes to questions about its back - end systems .
To the media , its answer is , " Sorry , we do n't talk about our infrastructure . "
Yet , Google engineers crack the door open wider when addressing computer science audiences , such as rooms full of graduate students whom it is interested in recruiting .
As a result , sources for this story included technical presentations available from the University of Washington Web site , as well as other technical conference presentations , and papers published by Google 's research arm , Google Labs .
Also in this Feature :
A new anti-aging ingredient developed by university researchers in Australia may be available in skin products as soon as next year .
Known as GGC , the ingredient is a forerunner for the anti-oxidant glutathione and has a number of possible health benefits , the University of New South Wales researchers said .
Glutathione is a defense for detoxifying harmful compounds implicated in cancer , diabetes , aging and other diseases and degenerative conditions in the body .
University researchers said after nine years they developed a new , cost - effective way to manufacture GGC , which has been licensed to Biospecialties Australia .
Researchers said they expected the ingredient would be used in foods , health and beauty products , dietary supplements and anti-aging creams .
Natural dietary sources of GGC are available , including milk whey protein and garlic in diluted concentrations , researchers said .
The new GGC product could allow for more effective doses .
Copyright 2006 by United Press International
Explore further New hope for wrinkles
You 've reached a page that 's archived .
You will be relayed to Cognitive Labs ' Games in the flash of a few milliseconds .
I always found it very difficult to name artists / title ... these are the songs everyone always mumbles along with in the car .
Do you know them as well as you think you do ?
Instructions : Fill in the blanks .
Each blank uses one word and no punctuation .
Please use a # 2 pencil .
No food or drink allowed in the testing facility .
This is your brain on the 80's , any questions ?
( caPS LOCk or Proper CASE does not impact your ScOrE )
Monkeys , Snowglobes , and the TSA
The TSA website is a fascinating place to spend some time wandering around .
They have rules for handling monkeys :
TSOs have been trained to not touch the monkey during the screening process .
And snow globes are prohibited in carry - on luggage :
Snow globes regardless of size or amount of liquid inside , even with documentation , are prohibited in your carry - on .
Please ship these items or pack them in your checked baggage .
Ho ho ho , everyone .
Posted on December 21 , 2006 at 1:24 PM  71 Comments
Creating a view of data is a concept used extensively by database developers but is rarely used in other software domains .
However , the view concept is equally valid in all programming domains where data is central to the nature of the problem being solved .
When data needs to be presented in different ways , the natural solution is to create multiple copies of the data with each copy arranged in a specific manner .
This is not always the most efficient solution and can lead to overcomplicated or duplicated code further down the line .
This is the problem that view objects solve ; they provide an efficient and concise means of presenting data in multiple ways without inefficiency .
Let 's consider a simple example .
Say that we have a vector of sales records where each sales record is an instance of a record class that we have written .
vector < record > records ;
Let 's say that in our program we need to be able to present the records in ascending order of sales value .
The natural response is to simply sort the vector object .
Something similar to the following :
sort ( records.begin( ) , records.end ( ) , someFunctor ) ;
However , this is changing the data .
That is , the records in the vector object are being rearranged so that they are in a different order .
In this simple case this is fine .
But what happens if the program now needs to present the data in ascending order of sales date as well ?
Now the program needs two presentations of the data ; one sorted by sales value and one sorted by sales date .
Without views , there are two solutions to this problem .
You could make a copy of the records vector ( so that there are two records vectors ) and apply a different sorting to each one .
Alternatively you could sort the vector just - in - time , that is , apply the sort - by - date algorithm just before you need to access the data by date and then apply the sort - by - value algorithm as and when you need to access it by value .
[ Click image to view at full size ]
Both of these solutions have obvious efficiency and scalability issues ( see Figure 1 ) .
As time goes by and more and more representations of the data are required , so the efficiency further decreases .
The view - based solution to this problem is simple : create one view of the record vector which is sorted by date and another view that is sorted by value .
( See Figure 2 . )
[ Click image to view at full size ]
There is only one copy of the original record vector in memory and it is never changed by the views .
As time goes by and new representations of the vector are required , new views are created .
This scales better than the previous two solutions because a view needs to be built just once , avoiding repeatedly rearranging the data , and does not create extra copies of data thus reducing memory usage .
In this article I will show how to develop a view class that can be used to implement the view concept in any C++ program .
The European Space Agency is putting together a mission to see how well current technology could handle the threat of an asteroid impact .
The agency has now selected two targets for its rehearsal deflection mission , dubbed Don Quijote .
The agency has selected asteroids 2002 AT4 and ( 10302 ) 1989 ML as possible mission targets .
It says they represent the best compromise of all the selection criteria .
The final decision on which asteroid to target will be made in 2007 .
ESA is calling for spacecraft design proposals from the space industry , and early in 2006 it will select two to be developed further .
The final demonstration mission design will be chosen in early 2007 , but the launch date has yet to be confirmed .
The mission will see two spacecraft travel to the chosen asteroid .
The first , called Sancho , will arrive at the asteroid several months in advance of the second , Hidalgo .
When Hidalgo arrives to smash into the asteroid , Sancho will be there to observe any changes to the asteroid 's orbit .
There is no danger that the mission will knock a currently harmless asteroid into a path that would threaten Earth , ESA says .
It argues that even a very heavy impact would only deflect an asteroid by a very small amount .
An impact of the size planned in the Don Quijote mission will alter the asteroid 's path by such a small amount that it would not be detectable from Earth .
This is why two space craft are being dispatched : the second is needed to monitor the object for subtle variations in its orbit , following the impact of the first .
ESA describes the impact of a Near - Earth Object as being one of the few natural disasters we have the technology to prevent .
It argues that this kind of work is needed now , because although there is no imminent threat that we are aware of , our ability to identify and track NEOs is not yet very sophisticated .
It points to the 400 m asteroid 2004 MN4 , which astronomers managed to catch up with again at Christmas time , having lost it since its discovery in mid-2004 .
Initial measurements indicated that the rock stood an unusually good chance of impacting Earth in 2029 .
However , once earlier measurements were found , and a better trajectory was calculated , scientists were able to rule out a 2029 collision .
The threat of later impacts has not been ruled out , however . 
Children who get obesity - related diabetes face a much higher risk of kidney failure and death by middle age than people who develop diabetes as adults , a study suggests .
The research , in The Journal of the American Medical Association , lends support to warnings obesity - related ills are on the verge of shortening the average life span in the United States .
The study involved Pima Indians in Arizona .
Of the 1,865 participants with Type 2 diabetes , 96 developed it in childhood .
During at least 15 years of follow - up , 15 of them , or 16 percent , developed end - stage kidney failure or died from diabetic kidney disease by age 55 .
That compared with 133 , or 8 percent , of those who developed diabetes after age 20 .
We see all kinds of behavior in New York , and as citizens , we practice our own varieties .
Call it research , this constant bumping - into , hustling - over , spitted - on ; some people behave well in this city , others do nt .
Based on good and bad examples of etiquette we ve witnessed , this guide has been compiled to help the tourist and veteran alike in navigating New York in the best possible manner .
On the Subway Platform
When entering the subway station pay utmost attention to the movements of the other travelers .
Look for holes in the wave of those walking up the stairs and try to enter without disturbing the flow of human passage .
Be hardy : despite whatever stress may come from trying to reach the subway platform , do not , under any circumstances , act upon your frustration  by groaning , rolling your eyes , standing still in contempt , etc .  you will only pain yourself in the face of an uncaring mob .
It is a law of physics that no two physical bodies can occupy the same point in space at the same time .
Thus , when your train arrives , always let passengers off the train before you get on .
This is no situation to be messing with physics .
On occasion , you may find your train pulling into the station as you are still descending the stairs .
In such a case , put spring into your step and attempt to get aboard .
If you are successful : bravo .
If you are unsuccessful : pay it no mind ; you ll wait .
If you re halfway in - between and are trying to wedge the doors open with your satchel : give it up .
It s rude to the other passengers who are trying to reach their destination and the train conductor  a staunch proponent of urban etiquette  will never stand for it .
Barely missing the open doors and appearing truly sad will sometimes melt their steely glare , but attempting to force your way on board will never  never  be met with pity .
It is always rude to bleed near someone , especially in a crowded train station .
If you find yourself bleeding while waiting for the subway , excuse yourself and find a nearby dressing station .
In the worst case scenario  where your head feels light and you ve forgotten your name  go to a hospital .
Do not board the train .
The subway platform exists for one purpose only : a place to bide time until your train arrives .
And bide you will .
When the occasion arises that fellow biders ask you for directions , make the most of it .
You ve time to kill and what better way to let it pass than helping someone out ?
If you do nt know which trains they should take , consult a map .
Discuss possible routes and suggest worthwhile eateries and attractions they ll find on arrival .
There is nothing more aggravating than a percussion performer on the subway platform , especially one that uses plastic tubs as drums .
Do not offer money or encouragement to this person ; save it for the violinist , the guitar player , or the mime .
In the Subway Car
If riding alone , keep to yourself .
Read your book , listen to music ( whether portable or imagined ) , stare at your feet .
Do nt engage other passengers in mild conversation ; they re preoccupied with the same activities and usually do nt wish to be disturbed .
The very act of riding the subway is a performance in itself .
While many riders may secretly wish to have a chat with you ( you may be very hot ) , they are far too involved  as should you be  in complete submersion in their chosen character : that of the mute .
If riding with friends , you may , of course , speak freely with them .
Keep conversation personal , quiet , and , whenever possible , not about any of the other passengers  appearance or fashion choices .
In this case , keep to yourselves .
Subway trains are often crowded ; if you re standing by a door as the train pulls into the station , and you re not getting off , get off anyway and allow people to exit the train , then rush back in before the next wave starts moving .
Pregnant women , old people , the disabled , people with strollers , and children deserve seats more than you , unless you fall into one of those categories , at which point  duking it out  will decide who sits down .
You are under no obligation to relinquish your seat just because someone asks for it , but if they ve gone so far as to ask , it s likely they need it more than you do .
At the Delicatessen
Deli counter lines are notoriously chaotic .
First take a visual survey of the process , then cautiously enter the fray .
If you are unsure about your order , allow other customers to step ahead ; they really do nt care whether or not you ll have bacon .
When ordering at the counter , place your order in a clear tone ; this will ensure the proper construction of your meal , assuming the cook is focused and in a decent mood .
Be precise : there s a difference between roasted turkey and smoked turkey .
If you want shredded lettuce , specify that you do , or you ll receive whole - leaf lettuce .
Most delis assume you want lettuce and tomato on anything you order ; this is similar to Dunkin Donuts s assumption that coffee ca nt be made without milk and sugar .
Be careful .
Do not request a sandwich  with everything . 
Why this is done , we really cant say , but a number of times we ve seen the cooks scratch their heads and say ,  Really ?
Everything ?
People that order anything  with everything  are obviously indiscriminate , a qualifying trait for homicidal psychopaths .
While waiting for your meal , feel free to browse the secondary foodstuffs .
But not for too long !
You should make your way back to the deli counter in a reasonable amount of time ( two to three minutes ) to pick up your order .
Above all else , when paying for your items at the register you should be as polite and understanding as possible .
A New Yorker s regular deli becomes his primary source of food .
This food costs money , of which the New Yorker is often slightly short .
A healthy relationship with the register staff ensures that when your wallet is less than healthy you ll still be able to survive ( within limits , of course ) .
Smiles and thank - yous will suffice : such personal niceties are priceless in New York City .
At the ATM
Do not , ever , stand too close to someone who s using an ATM machine , unless they re a close friend or lover .
If they re a friend , but not close , you should wait by the deposit envelopes .
If they re a stranger , stay at least ten feet away and look distracted , though not obviously so , as in the case of a bad - actor - turned - burglar about to rob them .
Do not spend too much time at a single ATM ; people are waiting and they have things to do .
If you must treat the machine like your own personal accountant , spread your duties across multiple machines .
Do not feel the need to tip the person holding the door open for you ; they do not work for the bank .
In the Taxi
Upon entering the taxi tell the driver your destination  clearly and audibly .
Tell the driver any critical exits to take or turns to make .
Tell the driver which side of the street you need to be let out on ( if you know ) .
Tell the driver anything you feel is necessary for you to reach your intended destination .
Tell the driver everything except ,  Step on it . 
If the driver begins telling you a story or offering political views , pay attention : it could be good anecdotal material .
If the story interferes with the task of getting you where you re trying to go , feel free to casually mention that it ll be up here , on the left .
Underneath the red canopy .
If the driver complains that your destination is too far , ask to be let out , pay whatever fare has accrued to that point  do not tip  and hail another taxi .
Unless it s cold or raining :
That s when hailing a cab is at its most competitive .
In such cases , stick it out and pretend that you and the driver do not share a common language .
Point a lot .
Tip according to service .
A direct , comfortable ride , a clean cab , and a courteous driver construct the scale you should use for determining how much should be given .
A bad cab ride is never forgotten , while a good one often is .
Show your appreciation while you can remember to .
At the Bar
If a lady is holding a cigarette and you re a man , it s your job to light it without disturbing her or her conversation .
For this , smoker or not , you should carry a lighter ; otherwise you ll have to scramble for a pack of matches and , as soon as you try to light one , a wind will suddenly appear .
Feel free to silently curse The Fates .
The Goes - Around - Comes - Around principle must be assumed for a night of drinks to go smoothly .
This means you offer to buy a round when it s your turn and not wait to be reminded .
Any members of the party not  buying their share  should be explicitly told when it s their turn , to save them any long - standing resentment their friends may carry afterwards .
We wo nt even go into how to pick up men or women at a bar , except : if you do nt know how , no one can help you .
And if you do know how , no one can help you .
You re helpless , any way you cut it .
Bartenders should always be tipped a dollar on every drink unless the bartender is cruel , slow , or bad .
If the dollar is too fixed for you , think to yourself :
If I was the type to tip my friends , would he or she qualify as a friend ?
If so , how good a friend ?
Though  buy - backs  are recently illegal in New York , good tipping will encourage a free drink your way .
If you re entertaining out - of - town guests who do not normally tip at home , do not let them get away with any feeble excuses .
Any drink over eight dollars is not worth it unless ( A ) you just got a raise or ( B ) you just picked five out of six on the Powerball .
If you answer yes to either question , you should be buying drinks for everyone .
At the Restaurant
It s always better to be over - dressed at a restaurant than under - dressed .
For men : shorts are not acceptable , except at lunch , on vacation , in your hotel room , a million miles away from anyone you know .
For women : women can generally wear whatever they wish at the table and not look like fools doing it : they can even wear hats .
The jury s still out on culottes , though .
If the restaurant offers coat check , you may refuse it and hang your coat on the back of your chair .
However , if you ve been shopping all day and have a dozen bags , these must be checked as it s impolite to stuff them under your table and make your fellow diners jealous .
If the restaurant gently insists that you check your coat , do so .
Coat - check people should be tipped a dollar , regardless of whether or not they rummage around in your bags and rifle through your pockets .
A cell phone may not be used in a restaurant .
Ever .
If you must take a call ( and that phone better have been on vibrate mode ) , excuse yourself and walk outside  not to the bar , not to the hall , not to the bathroom : outside .
If you must place a call , you re wrong : that call is nt necessary .
But if you continue in this delusion , go outside and start dialing once the door is closed .
We do nt care if your baby s crying , your mother s dying , or your husband set his pants on fire ; we re trying to enjoy our meal , and we d like to do so in quiet .
Women order first .
If the waiter motions to the man to order before a lady , it is the man s responsibility to look down humbly .
It is the lady s responsibility to order first , no matter what , unless she s formed an agreement with her partners to order last because she has nt made up her mind .
Also , if the lady disagrees with this rule , she may order whenever she wants ; we were only trying to be courteous .
Do not pretend to know about wine if you do nt .
Find the ablest wine - nerd at the table  usually the one who grabs for the list  and let them choose .
If you re offered the bottle , nod , then once offered a glass take a small sniff , two sips , and say something like ,  Oh , that s nice . 
Do not return the bottle unless it s obviously sour or plain wrong , or the waiter snickers after you say ,  Oh , that s nice . 
Wait to drink further until all glasses are poured .
In the case of being served wine that you did nt order but is obviously better than you wanted , accept immediately and play it cool .
Drink your fair share , and stick your friend with the check ; the next day , when he brings it up , say  Yeah , but man , that wine was really good , right ? 
And he ll smile , forgetting the whole thing .
You two are a couple of rascals  a couple of scamps .
Asking for the check with the flourish of a hand is OK ; asking for the check by barking , waving , or commandeering stray waitresses is not .
Never be talked into ordering a wine that is too expensive .
Never fear asking how much the specials cost .
Always take home the leftovers , whether in bag , bottle , or purse .
At the Party
If you ve been invited to a party , you are likely expected to bring something : a bottle of wine , a dessert , flowers ( exceptions : business parties , launch parties , book parties , or parties thrown by the obscenely wealthy who probably would nt want anything you can afford ) .
Even if the host insists you should not bring something , they re lying , and they will think better of you than the other guests when you arrive with a bottle of wine , a box of chocolates , and a dozen roses .
A smart guest will consult the host on what type of wine to bring ; a smarter guest will bring two bottles .
If you are a guest of someone invited , you are also expected to bring something to the party , of similar  but more expensive  nature , in order to compensate for your lack of invitation .
It would also be wise to compliment the host s apartment , even if it s a dump .
If you ve been invited to a dinner party  large or small  you should assume that the host expects to be hosted in return .
You should submit your invitation within three weeks of the host s party , but no sooner than ten days after said party ; you do nt want to seem eager or unappreciative , but a conscientious good friend .
On the Street
Be mindful that others on the street are trying to get someplace  fast ; and also be aware that they should assume that you re trying to get someplace  fast .
This is why people on the streets of New York walk so quickly .
It s the  quickly  part that aids the  fast  part .
So step quickly , sirs and madams .
And , please , please , no serpentining down the sidewalk .
It s impolite to broach strangers on the street and tell them how awful they look .
It s also impolite to start fights with homeless people .
However , it is unbelievably rude to do both at the same time , while impersonating a homeless person .
This has been witnessed .
At night , if you re a man and you re walking along a street on which a woman is walking , and there is no one else around , do not walk behind her .
Switch to the other side of the street and make a subtle noise  jingle change , half - whistle ( but not wolf - whistle ) , scuff your shoes  so as to alert the female that a slightly eccentric but completely non-threatening male is within a hundred yards .
By no means may you speak to her , unless this is a case of genuine true love , at which point you should speak to her .
Say something witty , simple and urbane  think timeless , like  Sorry , do you have the time ? that will allow for further conversation .
However , if it s difficult to discern whether or not this is a true - love scenario , it is nt .
I wrote a post comparing reddit.com and memeorandum.com on my blog on 22nd october .
I have been a leecher on reddit till that day .
I only used to read links not contribute links to reddit .
But the next day my post received a comment from prez , one of the founders of reddit.com .
Till that day the total number of hits on my blog was around 210 with a maximum hits / day being 4 .
I had hits from all continents except Africa but only India ( which is my home country ) contributing more than 10 hits per city .
There were two cities in india contributing more than 10 hits .
I had hits from one city each in Australia and New Zealand , 5 from Europe , two from South America and around 10 from North America .
People from city each in Chine and Japan also read my blog .
That day I decide the post was worth a read by others and posted it on reddit.com .
Within 5 hours of my posting it reached the hottest tab in reddit .
It was in the top 20 hot links for around 20 hours .
In that time it garnered 295 hits .
The visibility reached is amazing .
More power to unknown bloggers !!!
I can now imagine what slashdotted can mean .
If we assume that 10 % of the users of reddit hit on my link that day , reddit might have around 3000 users that day .
It is also pretty enlightening to see the spread of hits .
It can be seen via this clustermaps view of that day .
As expected US dominates but the spread of cities throughout Europe is also interesting .
At last there is a hit from Africa ( South Africa I guess ) .
The ( non ) - spread in China ( and many parts of SouthEast Asia ) and the Cresent area of West Asia is a matter of concern .
Or maybe people from these places are not interested in the topic under consideration .
This seems more likely .
There were many cities which contributed more than 10 hits but most of them were in US .
Of course India and London also contributed to this .
I guess the hit from a spot on the Indian Ocean ( near Madagascar ) is an error or non-categorizable hit .
Most people came to the blog either from reddit , bloglines or other posts in techgossip .
All three sources contributed equally .
Firefox dominated with around 60 % users using it to reach techgossip , while IE was 19 % and Safari was a credible 10 % .
Analysis
Torin Douglas
BBC media correspondent
The timing could hardly have been worse .
Television bosses were meeting the regulator Icstis , hoping to convince it there was n't really a " crisis " or " scandal " in premium - rate TV shows , merely a few unfortunate coincidences , when up popped a new incident that seemed to confirm the worst .
The regulator plans to tighten up the rules on premium - rate TV
Five announced it was suspending all its premium - rate quiz and vote shows , as ITV did earlier in the week .
While ITV had admitted overcharging viewers of The X Factor by  200,000 , Five admitted the producers of its Brainteaser quiz show had made up the names of winners .
" Instead of informing viewers that no winning caller had been found in the time period available , the production company put fictional names on screen as winners , " the channel said in a statement .
" On one occasion a member of the production team went on air as a ' winning ' contestant " .
Five 's chief executive Jane Lighting issued an immediate apology .
" We are shocked and disappointed and wish to apologise unreservedly to our viewers .
" The production company involved has failed to meet the high standards we demand of our suppliers , " she said .
That production company is the unfortunately - named Cheetah Television , a subsidiary of Big Brother producer Endemol UK .
Cavalier
Endemol too " apologised unreservedly " - and no wonder .
It 's still being investigated by the media regulator Ofcom following the racism row over Celebrity Big Brother .
Ofcom - like Icstis - has now launched an inquiry into Brainwave .
Meanwhile Icstis is still investigating Channel 4's Richard & Judy , BBC One 's Saturday Kitchen , and several ITV shows , for a variety of irregularities .
" Broadcasters have got themselves into a pretty grim mess , " said Sir Alastair Graham , the Icstis chairman .
" Viewers must have a dreadful perception of the cavalier way they 've been dealt with by the broadcasters . "
A new licensing system
Cavalier , careless , lax .
There 's little doubt that some production companies , or phone companies , or both , have failed to take the rules at all seriously .
Now the industry has had a real wake - up call - and some television executives must be feeling very uncomfortable indeed .
ICSTIS already has the power to impose heavy fines if its rules are broken , as does the media regulator Ofcom .
But there 's a worse threat hanging over them .
Sir Alistair said : " If we have any evidence that a possible criminal offence has occurred .
" We have very close links with the City of London police force and I can assure you we would refer any such evidence for them to investigate . "
That is a remote possibility , ICSTIS says .
What is in no doubt that the regulator is going to tighten up the rules for premium rate TV shows considerably , to try to restore viewers ' trust .
Sir Alistair announced that a new licensing system for such shows will be introduced as a matter of " absolute priority " , to take effect within three months .
ICSTIS is also considering the introduction of a ' kitemark ' to show viewers that programme systems have been checked .
It 's not before time .
Two Wavebubbles .
Left is an earlier revision with the top removed and with external antennas .
Right is v1.0 with internal antennas , fit into a pack of cigarettes .
Introduction
This website details the design and construction Wave Bubble : a self - tuning , wide - bandwidth portable RF jammer .
The device is lightweight and small for easy camouflaging : it is the size of a pack of cigarettes .
An internal lithium - ion battery provides up to 2 hours of jamming ( two bands , such as cell ) or 4 hours ( single band , such as cordless phone , GPS , WiFi , bluetooth , etc ) .
The battery is rechargeable via a mini-USB connector or 4 mm DC jack ( a common size ) .
Alternately , 3 AAA batteries may also be used .
Output power is .1W ( high bands ) and .3W ( low bands ) .
Effective range is approximately 20 ' radius with well - tuned antennas .
Less so with the internal antennas or poorly matched antennas .
Self - tuning is provided via dual PLL , therefore , no spectrum analyzer is necessary to build this jammer and a single Wave Bubble can jam many different frequency bands - unlike any other design currently available !
To reconfigure the RF bands , simply plug it into the USB port of your PC and type in the new frequencies when prompted .
Multiple frequency ranges can be programmed in , each time the device is power cycled it will advance to the next program in memory .
While the documentation here is both accurate and complete ( as much as possible ) , the construction of such a device is still an advanced project .
I would not suggest this as even an ' intermediate ' skill project , considering the large amount of difficult SMT soldering ( multiple TSSOP and SOT chips , 0603 RC's ) , obscure parts , and equiptment necessary to properly construct and debug .
This design is not for sale or available as a kit and never will be due to FCC regulations .
Please do not ask me to assist you in such matters .
All original content for this project is distributed open source under Creative Commons 2.5 Attribution / Share - Alike .
This is a followup from two recent posts :
Could there be ThreadedMapReduce ( and / or ForkedMapReduce ) instead of Distributed MapReduce ?
using parallel processing to concatenate a string , where order of concatenation does n't matter
In a sense it is a followup from an older post as well :
What is the fastest way to download a bunch of web pages ?
The common theme to all these posts is doing something in parallel to accomplish a task , where each bit of the task is independent of the other bits .
It turns out that this is the essense of the MapReduce algorithm that google uses to build much of its most important code .
Google uses cluster computing to accomplish this , but the same " parallelization " logic could also be used on a single computer running multiple processes , or even a single process with threads .
( Ira Woodhouse has indicated that the next version of MapReduce released to the CPAN will probably have configuration options for single computer clusters in order to do exactly that . )
Currently , the canonical example of a situation where this would be useful for me , on my job , is to download a bunch of web pages and verify that each page regex - matches something that it should .
In other words , grep , where part of the grep test is to download a web page .
Throughout my experience with perl , have had numerous other situations where this basic idea -- break down a task into components that can run in parallel , run them , and then reassemble the results -- would have been helpful .
Sometimes I would do this , but because I 'm not an experienced thread programmer , and sometimes I was on windows sometimes not , sometimes would have to recompile perl , etc etc , it was always an unpleasant experience .
There were many occasions when I thought , maybe I could use parallelization here ... but painful ... not enough time to debug ....
I 'll just make do with having it be a little slower .
An example of a time when I could have , but did n't , use functional programming based on parallelization to speed things up , was when I had ~50,000 web pages to parse and reformat using a variety of functions based on HTML :: TreeBuilder .
None of the files cared what the other files looked like , so I could have processed multiples at the same time .
But I got the basic system working serially , and it got the job done in a bit over 48 hours .
This was too slow , so I did some simple things with forks and got it down to under a day , which was acceptable because the script only had to run once .
But I remember thinking the forking code the ugliest , and hardest to debug , in my program .
If I had had 5 million web pages instead of 50,000 , and wanted to split the computation among multiple processors somehow , putting the job queue stuff together for it along the lines I had used till then , it would have been a nightmare .
Even though all I was doing was grep , with a little network communication inside the grep test function .
Later when I came across the article
Why Threads are a Bad Idea
it all rang very true to me .
Okay , I was working with forks , in a simple context , and this presentation is maybe more about threads with systems programming .
But the basic difficulties apply to any situation where you are running stuff in an order that is n't guaranteed .
It 's different from running stuff through a simple , ordered , for loop in ways that keep quite subtle and hard to detect .
What frustrated me the most is the feeling that I could n't encapsulate the logic that I want , that I have to keep writing the " ugly bits " again and again .
This was before I had heard of functional programming .
Since then , I have been learning a lot about functional programming , and trying to incorporate it into my bag of tools .
I originally became interested in this after reading Paul Graham 's On Lisp .
But I want to apply functional programming to make my life easier in perl .
Joel Spolsky suggests in
Can Your Programming Language Do This
that functional programming is a good technique to hide the " ugly but important bits " of your code .
In the article , spolsky suggests that this is exactly what Google has done with their MapReduce algorithm .
Google programmers can write code that says the equivalent of
my @results = distributed_mapreduce_grep ( $ test_function , [ @in_array ] ) ;
and this would do exactly what
my @results = grep { $ test_function ( $ ) ) } @array
would do in perl .
Except that it works on a cluster .
So you can process a lot more data , faster .
And the " ugly bits " are hidden .
I want to start hiding the ugly bits of my code , using functional programming .
The following is my attempt to do that .
Unfortunately it still is n't working .
But I think it 's an interesting read , and I 'm also hoping someone can plug something in there that will make it work .
What 's nice is that the " ugly bit " that is n't working is encapsulated .
This is the function hashmap_parallel .
Currently my " parallelization strategy " involves forking off processes and storing values in a DBM :: Deep hard disk store .
But actually I do n't care about the implementation details , I just want it to work .
****************************
UPDATE : Thanks to LanceDeeply , I now have code that works , using threads for the parallelization .
I kept the function that does n't work as hashmap_parallel_forks , which I am still hoping to get working .
The code that does work is called hashmap_parallel_threads .
The test script has also been updated accordingly .
If anyone else want to shoot me some candidates for their favorite way of implementing transparent parallelization with map , I will add them to the catalog .
****************************
Hashmap here means essentially the same as the " map " half in MapReduce .
It processes a set , where order does n't matter .
I have several hashmap functions in this code , two of which work , and one ( the one that executes in parallel ) which does n't .
These " mapping " functions are given as an argument to the function builder flexygrep , which returns a grepping function .
So , as a consequence two of my grepping functions work and one ( the parallel one ) does n't .
If I can get hashmap_parallel to work , I 'm thinking could theoretically use this to build other functions , like sort_parallel , permute_parallel , you name it .
Sometimes , for efficiency reasons , this will make sense .
A lot of the time it wo n't .
Depends what your bottleneck is -- cpu , memory , network , disk io , etc .
But the good news is that once the parallel mapping function -- or mapping functions -- work , you can just plug them in and try .
A lot easier than writing threading code for all scenarios .
Again , the bit that I need to get to work -- but which will pay major dividends in maintainability when I do -- is hashmap_parallel .
Now , here 's a little test output .
$ ./test_hashmap.pl ok 1 - parallel -y threadgrep works not ok 2 - parallel -y forkgrep works # Failed test ' parallel -y forkgrep works ' # in ./test_hashmap.pl at line 21 . ok 3 - serially executing code works 1..3 # Looks like you failed 1 test of 3 . [ download ]
test_hashmap : #!/usr / bin/perl use strict ; use warnings ; use Test :: More qw ( no_plan ) ; use Data :: Dumper ; use Grep ; my $ slow_matches_b = sub { sleep 1 ; return unless $ _ [ 0 ] ; return 1 if $ _ [ 0 ] =~ /b/ ; } ; my $ test_strings = [ ( ' blee ' , ' blah ' , ' bloo ' , ' qoo ' , ' fwee ' ) ] ; my $ matches ; $ matches = Grep : : threadgrep ( $ slow_matches_b , $ test_strings ) ; ok ( @$matches == 3 , " parallel -y threadgrep works " ) ; # should get blee , blah bloo , but not fwee or qoo $ matches = Grep : : forkgrep ( $ slow_matches_b , $ test_strings ) ; ok ( @$matches == 3 , " parallel -y forkgrep works " ) ; $ matches = Grep:: slowgrep ( $ slow_matches_b , $ test_strings ) ; ok ( @$matches == 3 , " serially executing code works " ) ; Grep.pm : package Grep ; use strict ; use warnings ; use Data : : Dumper ; use Map ; # grep can be parallelized by building it on top of map_parallel # which uses forks , threads , distributed computations with MapReduce # or some such black magic # in some cases this may be faster , but not always , # it depends where your bottleneck is .
#
Whatever black magic is going on in the background , # by abstracting it out , the code we get is clean and easy to read .
sub threadgrep { my $ test_function = shift ; my $ in_array = shift ; my $ map_function = sub { Map ::hashmap_parallel_threads ( @_)} ; return flexygrep ( $ test_function , $ map_function , $ in_array ) ; } sub forkgrep { my $ test_function = shift ; my $ in_array = shift ; my $ map_function = sub { Map ::hashmap_parallel_forks ( @_)} ; return flexygrep ( $ test_function , $ map_function , $ in_array ) ; } # or you could do it in a non-forked / threaded / distributed / whatever # way , by basing it on the conceptually simpler function map_serial .
sub slowgrep { my $ test_function = shift ; my $ in_array = shift ; my $ map_function = sub { Map :: hashmap_serialized ( @_)} ; return flexygrep ( $ test_function , $ map_function , $ in_array ) ; } sub flexygrep { my $ test_function = shift ; my $ hashmap_function = shift ; my $ in_array = shift ; my $ in_hash = Map :: hash_from_array ( $ in_array ) ; my $ result_hash = $ hashmap_function ->( $ test_function , $ in_hash ) ; my $ out_array = [ ] ; for my $ key ( keys % $result_hash ) { if ( my $ out_true = $ result_hash - > { $ key} -> {out} ) { push @$out_array , $ result_hash - > { $ key} -> {in} } } return $ out_array ; } 1 ; Map.pm : package Map ; use strict ; use warnings ; # Black magic for doing stuff in parallel is encapsulated here # use MapReduce ; use Parallel : : ForkManager ; use threads ; # use threads : : shared qw( is_shared ) ; use DBM :: Deep ; use Data :: Dumper ; sub hash_from_array { my $ array = shift ; my $ hash ; for my $ index ( 0..$ # $ array ) { $ hash -> {$ index} - > {in} = $ array - > [ $ index ] ; } return $ hash ; } # input is a funcion ( eg , my $ sub_multiply by ten = { return $ _ [ 0 ] * 1 + 0 } ) , and # a hash like # my $ input_values = { blee => { in => 1 } , # blah => { in =>
2} # } # output is a hash like #{ blee => { in => 1 , out => 10 } , # blah => { in => 2 , out => 20 } #} sub hashmap_serial { my $ function = shift ; my $ hash = shift ; die " bad hash " .
Dumper ( $ hash ) if grep { ! defined ( $ hash ->{$_}->{in} + ) } ( keys % $hash ) ; # hash keys are processed in whatever order for my $ key ( keys % $hash ) { my $ in = $ hash - > {$ key} - > {in} ; my $ out = $ function - >( $ in ) ; # print " result for $ in is $ out
" ; $ hash ->{$ key} - > {out} = $ out ; } return $ hash ; } # does the same thing as hashmap_serial # but saves the value on the hard drive # ( serialized in this context means a memory value gets put on the har + d disk , # not to be confused with the sense of " serial as opposed to parallel " sub hashmap_serialized { my $ function = shift ; my $ hash = shift ; die " bad hash " .
Dumper ( $ hash ) if grep { ! defined ( $ hash ->{$_}->{in} + ) } ( keys % $hash ) ; use File : : Path qw ( mkpath ) ; my $ dir= " c:/tmp/map_serialized " ; mkpath ( $ dir ) unless -d " $ dir " ; die " no directory : $ dir " unless -d " $ dir " ; my $ file = " $ dir / $ $.db " ; my $ db = DBM :: Deep -> new ( $ file ) ; $ db ->{result} = $hash ; for my $ key ( keys % $ hash ) { my $ in = $ hash - > {$ key} - > {in} ; my $ out = $ function - >( $ in ) ; $ hash -> {$ key} - > {out} = $ out ; } #unlink $ file ; # die " could n't delete file " if -f $ file ; return $ hash ; } # but uses threads to compute " out " values in a parallel way # does n't work .
sub hashmap_parallel_forks
{ my $ function = shift ; my $ hash = shift ; die " bad hash " .
Dumper ( $ hash ) if grep { ! defined ( $ hash ->{$_}->{in} + ) } ( keys % $hash ) ; return {} ; use File : : Path qw ( mkpath ) ; my $ dir= " c:/tmp/map_serialized " ; mkpath ( $ dir ) unless -d " $ dir " ; die " no directory : $ dir " unless -d " $ dir " ; my $ file = " $ dir / $ $.db " ; my $ db = DBM :: Deep -> new ( $ file ) ; $ db->{result} = $hash ; my $ pm=new Parallel : : ForkManager ( 10 ) ; for my $ key ( keys % $ hash ) { $ pm -> start and next ; my $ in = $ hash - > {$ key} - > {in} ; my $ out = $ function - >( $ in ) ; print " in $ in , out $ out
" ; $ hash ->{$ key} -> {out} = $ out ; $ pm-> finish ; } $ pm->wait_all_children ; print " hash : " . Dumper ( $ hash ) ; #unlink $ file ; # die " could n't delete file " if -f $ file ; #die " forkgrep result : " . Dumper ( $ hash ) ; return $ hash ; } #works sub hashmap_parallel_threads { my $ function = shift ; my $ hash = shift ; my @threads ; for ( keys % $ hash ) { my $ in = $ hash - > {$ _}-> {in} ; my $t = threads -> create ( sub { map_element ( $_ , $ function , $ in ) + } ) ; push @threads , $t ; } # wait for threads to return ( this implementation is bound by s + lowest thread ) my %results = map { %{ $ _ -> join ( ) } ; } @threads ; # print Dumper \%results ; return { %results} ; } sub map_element { my $ key = shift ; my $ function = shift ; my $ in = shift ; my $ out = $ function - >( $ in ) ; return { $ key => { in => $ in , out => $ out } } ; } 1 ; [ download ]
And here 's the code
UPDATE : Seemingly relevant comments from Jenda at Re^3 : Parrot , threads & fears for the future . :
" You can only transparently paralelize map{} if the executed block is side - effect - free ..... "
I 'm actually not sure if my code here is side effects free or not .
Hm ...
*****************************************************
Posts I 'm looking at to see if I can use something there to get hashmap_parallel to work ...:
 Re : Run N similar tasks in parallel
I think that is one reason that sex is so fascinating to me .
It is a way to really get to know people .
And a way for me to deepen my knowledge of myself .
Sex is a way that I continue to learn and test my physical capacity for pleasure , for pain , for blending the two .
I learn my limits .
I learn what my body can do .
I am thrilled by those discoveries .
Some of my favorite sexual moments have not been orgasm - centered but rather have focused on extending some capacity of my body .
The excitement of discovering some new capacity , the ,  wow , I did nt know I could do that !  moment precedes the physical pleasure of the  oh yes that feels good  moment .
Sex is a way that I learn about my mind .
My fantasies , my desires , my hesitations , my fears , all these are exposed through sex .
Sex with other people , sexual interaction , is thrilling because it is thrilling to discover what turns people on , how they communicate what they want , how they express pleasure , what they re afraid of , how they fantasize and how they feel about their desires .
When I have sex with someone for the first time I am often very forward but I do nt want to  run the show . 
I want to know how people will interact with my passion , my energy , with whatever I put out there .
It s like dance .
I want to know if I move this way how will you move ?
If I say this what will you do ?
Then how will I respond ?
I want to know what you want and how you can make me feel .
I want to know how you will react to the exposure and vulnerability and power of sex and how I will react to your power and vulnerability .
And the people I most want to have sex with are people who somehow stimulate my curiosity or who are just so good at something that I cant help but be turned on .
In that way , too , sex is a way of knowing , of learning .
Or rather , knowing and learning is , to me , often very sexual .
Some examples :
A few days ago I was watching someone enter data on a DOS machine .
I d never seen anyone do this before .
There was a series of numbers and letters on the screen that looked like gibberish to me and yet this person pointed out some lines of numbers and read it as if it written in English .
I was instantly turned on .
I know he ca nt teach me how to write DOS statistical programs by having sex with me , but now I am curious about him in a new way .
It s as if the part of my mind that is stimulated by new curiosities is the same part of my mind that sexually stimulates the rest of me .
Another example : Connversations with people who are clearly passionate and expert in a field will often turn me on , if they capture my curiosity .
I can remember this happening with a brilliant lawyer when talking about constitutional rights , with a historian when talking about medieval Europe , with a labor organizer when talking about arbitration rules , with an engineer when talking about machine vision .
The criteria seem to be that the conversation center on something about which I know little about , that I become curious about it through the conversation , and that the person to whom I m talking is both expert and passionate about the subject .
Knowledge is a turn - on .
Skill is a turn - on .
People doing what they re good at are sexy .
This is why long - term monogamy seems so potentially limiting to me .
There is always more to know .
FEW scientists like to say so , but cutting greenhouse - gas emissions is not the only way to solve the problem of global warming .
If man -made technologies are capable of heating the planet , they are probably capable of cooling it down again .
Welcome to " geo-engineering " , which holds that , rather than trying to change mankind 's industrial habits , it is more efficient to counter the effects , using planetary - scale engineering .
This general approach has been kicking around for decades .
A paper on climate change prepared for President Lyndon Johnson in 1965 made no mention of cutting greenhouse - gas emissions .
It nonchalantly proposed dealing with the results by dumping vast quantities of reflective particles into the oceans , to increase the amount of sunlight reflected into space .
That school of thinking has since fallen out of fashion .
As scientists have accumulated evidence for global warming and its possible consequences , so the scientific and political consensus has favoured attempts at reducing carbon emissions through taxes and regulations and subsidies , many of them directed at factories and motor - cars .
More needs to be done .
Greenhouse - gas levels have gone on rising .
The rapid industrialisation of China and India means they are going to rise even more .
This gloomy outlook has encouraged new interest in a technological fix .
A scientific journal , Climatic Change , published a series of papers on the subject in August , including one by Paul Crutzen , a Nobel - prize - winning atmospheric chemist .
Other journals followed up .
In November the Carnegie Institution and NASA held a conference .
Many big ideas for global cooling have been suggested over the years .
They include seeding the skies with compounds to encourage the formation of low - lying , cooling clouds ; building a giant sun-shade in space ; and dumping iron in the oceans to encourage the growth of algae that would take in carbon when alive and trap it in on the sea floor when dead .
Ken Caldeira , a scientist at the Carnegie Institution , says the most promising idea may be to spray tiny sulphate particles into the upper atmosphere , where they will reflect incoming sunlight .
Nature has already done the proof - of - concept work : volcanic eruptions spew such particles into the air , and the cooling effect is well documented .
Schemes of this kind may sound half - crazy ; and , admittedly , they do tend to have some technical and aesthetic complications .
Deliberately polluting the stratosphere would make the sky less blue , although sunsets would probably be prettier .
Blocking out the sun might keep the planet cool , but it would do little to address other effects of high carbon - dioxide levels , such as the acidification of the oceans .
Deliberately polluting the stratosphere would make the sky less blue , but sunsets would probably be prettier
A more fundamental objection is that the models used in geo-engineering are similar to those used in forecasting climate change .
Which is to say , they rely similarly on assumptions and extrapolations .
Still , the basic science seems sound .
" I started doing this work in an attempt to show that geo- engineering was a bad idea , " says Mr Caldeira .
" I still think it 's a bad idea , but every simulation we do seems to shows it could be made to work . "
Ralph Cicerone , president of America 's National Academy of Sciences , has said that geo-engineering inspires opposition for  various and sincere reasons that are not wholly scientific  .
Others might say the same about its support .
One early enthusiast was Edward Teller , an migr Hungarian physicist known in America as the  father of the hydrogen bomb  , and often cited as an inspiration for Dr Strangelove .
Scientists tend now to see geo-engineering research as a form of insurance policy against the effects of continued global warning , not as an excuse for downplaying the problem , nor for tolerating more carbon emissions in the meantime .
You might expect green groups to applaud this belt - and - braces approach .
More often , they resist it in principle , and have little time for the research involved .
At worst they seem to see it as a scheme by devious scientists to thwart Nature 's just revenge .
Still , there is a reasonable fear here that an illusory hope of a scientific fix might undermine the sort of dogged and grubby policy solutions , such as carbon caps and carbon quotas , needed for taking the fight against climate change to its source .
The precautionary principle , which calls for extra prudence in areas of scientific uncertainty , also applies .
You can look at climate change as an experiment which mankind has to its horror found itself performing on the planet .
To start a second experiment , in the hopes of counteracting the first , would be , to put it mildly , rather risky .
His theory on evolution has influenced many science disciplines
A Cambridge historian with access to Darwin 's papers says there is simply no evidence to show the naturalist held back his evolution theory .
Dr John van
Wyhe says the scientist was just busy with other writings and also sporadically hindered by ill - health .
His analysis of events is published in a journal of the Royal Society .
" If you read his letters from the ' gap years ' , as I call them , there are many references to his friends and relatives about what he intends to do with his theory - and that is to publish once he has finished his other work , " Dr van Wyhe told BBC News .
" The problem was that ' other work ' took him far longer than he expected . "
The other work in question included writing up the detailed descriptions of animals , plants and rocks he saw on his career - defining voyage to the Galapagos Islands on HMS Beagle .
In particular , it seems , he spent an inordinate amount of time describing new barnacles - a personal passion .
' Consistent ' line
Charles Darwin's seminal work On the Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection was first published in 1859 .
In its opening pages , he refers to his realisation of its central ideas coming to him in 1837 .
Various explanations have been offered for the 22 - year wait to get into print .
Some say he procrastinated because he feared scorn from scientific colleagues , others that he was concerned about persecution by the church ; some even that his ideas might have annoyed his religious wife , or reflected some deep inner psychological turmoil .
Dr van
Wyhe says close examination of Darwin 's papers and publications show him to be consistent in his determination to publish .
Slow burn
" Darwin was aware that his theories would be despised but that does not mean he was afraid of saying what he believed , " the scholar added .
" His project was highly ambitious and of immense scope and he needed time to garner the necessary evidence .
But he was also working on other projects - his Beagle - related works , then his work on barnacles - and these pushed back the date until he could start work on his species theory . "
Dr van Wyhe says the " delay view " appears to have gathered pace in the 1940s , probably inherited from earlier writers who did not have access to all of Darwin 's work .
He says the long gestation was typical of the way Darwin worked .
The naturalist 's book on orchids was not published until 30 years after that research began ; he published his earthworms book 42 years after first conceiving the idea .
When
On the Origin of Species did finally go to the printers it was supposed to have caused a sensation , although some now suspect the level of controversy , just like the significance of the gap years , has been exaggerated .
Darwin's observation that species evolve over the course of generations through the natural selection of favourable traits has become a central pillar of biological thinking and has influenced many other fields of scientific endeavour .
Dr van Wyhe details his arguments in the Notes and Records of the Royal Society .
>> GhostBuster
At its Redmond , Wash. , lab , Microsoft Research is developing technology for finding rootkits by using their own deceptive behavior against them .
Known as GhostBuster , it relies on analyzing and comparing system information at both a high level - - from a Win32 API , for example -- and a low level - - such as the raw disk information .
Any difference in the two views -- for example , the low - level view indicating a file not present in the high - level view - - makes a compelling case that a rootkit is trying to hide .
GhostBuster is likely to be developed as a standalone security tool rather than included as a feature within Windows .
>> Shield Today , Microsoft relies heavily on software patching to improve security .
Researcher Helen
Wang is developing a software " shield " that would run on a firewall or a PC that would function as , essentially , a content filter that searches for and blocks any network traffic that would exploit a detected vulnerability .
The shield would n't disrupt the operating system or other software running on the PC .
" The shield is vulnerability - specific , not exploit - specific , " Draves says .
Tests have been promising ;
Draves says the shield would have protected Microsoft customers from 98 % of the vulnerabilities found in its products over the past two years , including those targeted by the SQL Slammer worm and Windows Meta File exploits .
>> SureMail Microsoft researchers Sharad Agarwal and Venkat Padmanabhan determined that about 1 % of all e-mails get lost in e-mail systems .
SureMail is a proposed system in which the e-mail client detects when an e-mail has been sent to a recipient 's account and alerts that recipient when an e-mail fails to make it to his or her in - box .
SureMail would indicate the e-mail 's sender but not disclose the missing message 's contents .
>> Vigilante
At its Cambridge lab in England , Microsoft Research is developing software code - named Vigilante for detecting and responding to worm attacks , in particular zero - day exploits for which there are no available fixes .
When installed on a network honeypot that collects information about incoming traffic , Vigilante would study the flow of data for irregularities that indicate it 's been tainted with malware and warn all PCs on the network .
>> XFI Developed in Microsoft's Silicon Valley research lab , XFI offers users a safe way to run an application downloaded from the Web , such as a codec needed to run a video clip or a device driver to connect a piece of hardware .
XFI is an extension of control - flow integrity and software - fault isolation , and identifies a potentially malicious application when it tries to access memory outside the range it would normally need .
>> Anti-Phishing Security Microsoft Research has proposed a system in which a user 's Web browser would identify passwords and other sensitive information when keyed into HTML forms on Web pages .
When those passwords are in - put into a new site , that incident would be reported to a server .
If the server detects an unusual number of logons to the new site , it could send out a signal that the site should be investigated for a phishing scam .
Return to the story :
The New Security Solutions
Rep. Howard Berman ( D - CA ) hates college students .
He knows that colleges and universities are hotbeds of illegal downloading , and he is looking to get some legislation rolling that will remove some of the privacy protection that students enjoy right now .
" Indeed , the statistics demonstrate that students engage in rampant piracy , and while Congress has given universities many exemptions from copyright liability it might be time to condition some of those exemptions on action taken by universities to address the piracy problem . "
Advertisement
Gee , I wonder if he 's from Hollywood and I wonder if he receives campaign donations from the MPAA and RIAA ?
I can't wait ' til the generation of college students that are currently getting harassed become the policymakers , having learned lessons in privacy by being lorded over by a bunch of out - of - touch codgers with their hands in too many moneypots .
Congressman Hollywood : Universities a wretched hive of scum and villainy [ Ars Technica ]
From the May 2002 issue of Car and Driver .
At the sight of a red prototype 2003 Dodge Viper SRT - 10 wheeled out for a first drive , our little group of writers felt a rising sense of excitement .
It was a frisson that even Dodge engineer Herb Helbig 's aggressive admonition about abuse to his expensive plaything failed to subdue .
Just how something really catastrophic might occur on the vast expanse of black pavement at DaimlerChrysler 's desert proving ground in Wittmann , Arizona , was not immediately evident , so most of us assumed that Helbig had simply become overly glandular at his car 's first public trial .
One could hardly blame him for this unsettling display of territorialism .
There on the asphalt stood millions of dollars ' worth of prototype SRT - 10  still only part way through its development process  and nobody but Helbig and his fellow engineers had ever set butt in it .
Seen away from the clutter of car - show surroundings for the first time , the more delicate image of the new Viper appeared clearly defined .
Penned by design manager Osamu Shikado , a former Toyota designer responsible for Corolla and Camry exteriors , the new car has lost much of the brutal visual presence of the old roadster , gaining instead a well - integrated mix of elegance and purpose .
The wheelbase has been stretched by 2.6 inches , yet the car is actually slightly shorter overall than its predecessor , and it has relatively short overhangs fore and aft that greatly reduce the almost comically massive volumes of the early car .
Shikado 's first sketches incorporated rear exhaust outlets , but Viper team personnel prevailed in the end in keeping side exhausts  partly for tradition , mainly to be able to fit an undertail diffuser .
That underbody wing will prove an invaluable aerodynamic aid for high - speed street stability as well as for future track work .
Intended from the outset to be a convertible , the new SRT - 10 has lost the previous car 's sport bar  getting twin hoops behind the occupants ' heads in return  but it benefits greatly from its clean - sheet interior design .
The doors and the side windows seem a perfect match for the classic dashboard sculpture .
That simple - yet - modern dash , with its white dial faces and vertical line of secondary gauges , is an effective new motif for the Viper .
The biggest departure is the folding - clamshell top , which stacks away into a small recess behind the cabin .
Fastened to the windshield surround with just a single latch , the top brings a much greater degree of versatility to the car , almost making a coupe version ( which will surely follow ) superfluous .
Under the svelte new skin we find the usual Viper characteristics , only they 're more pronounced .
Following a development catch - line of 500/500/500 , the Viper 's new V - 10 has more than 500 cubic inches of displacement ( 8.3 liters ) to achieve the 500 horsepower and 500 pound - feet of torque targets sought by Helbig and his power - hungry associates .
Although the engine still flaunts 10 cylinders in a 90 - degree vee , with pushrod - actuated overhead valves ( just two per pot , thanks ) , it is an all - new unit .
Boasting bore and stroke dimensions just slightly oversquare at 4.03 and 3.96 inches , the engine 's redline has risen 100 rpm , to 6100 rpm , with maximum power achieved 500 rpm below that .
Although maximum twist occurs at 4600 rpm , we expect the same generous plateau of rubber - wringing torque to extend across the rev range .
A Tremec T - 56 six - speed manual gearbox handles the prodigious output , using identical ratios to those found in previous Vipers .
The final - drive ratio , too , is unchanged at 3.07:1 , so the only thing that may affect the new car 's gearing slightly is a switch from 18 - inch rear - wheel rims wearing 335/30 ZR - 18 Michelins to 19 - inch units shod with 345s .
Giant Brembo cast - iron discs assume responsibility for slowing the Viper , abetted by a more fully developed version of the anti-lock brake system introduced in 2001 .
The major impression from our short drive of the car is one of improved sophistication .
All the controls work in greater harmony now .
There 's a sense of more complete integration in the whole car , from what feels like a stiffer , better - isolated structure through a more refined suspension , a slicker transmission , and a more linear steering gear .
Even the sound is better .
With both cylinder banks represented at each of the side pipes , the Viper no longer sounds like a straight - five from the side , and the high - pressure shriek at full throttle has been replaced with a purer , more mellifluous exhaust note .
As usual , one sits low in the car , buried in the sport seats , with legs slung low to the pedals ahead .
But now the offsets have been diminished , and the pedal , wheel , and driver relationship is more straight ahead .
Even with this shaving of structural dimensions to provide a more natural driver stance , there was room enough for a dead pedal  pretty much de rigueur on ultra - high - performance rigs such as this one .
The gear lever sprouts from the left side of the tunnel housing , and it finds gears with the same solid purpose as before , but with maybe less percussive feedback .
Hard to tell from a brief blast around cones on the black lake of asphalt , although the overall impression was certainly of improved refinement .
One thing is for sure :
The 2003 Viper feels locked down , stable , less likely to flick out the tail .
The steering is linear , accurate , and organic .
It inspires massive confidence .
And the levels of grip are nothing short of awesome .
Even pushing the car hard around the artificial curves inside the avenues of cones , the Viper would cling well beyond the expectations most people have of available grip , and when it did start to relinquish its resolute grasp of the line , the transition seemed gradual and easy to read .
Straight - line performance , as we expected , felt towering .
With more power and torque , more grip , and fractionally less weight , we expect the new Viper will run harder than ever before .
When it goes on sale this fall , it will not just be faster , it will be better .
Hey , maybe then Helbig will lighten up .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
This past week I wrote about the eight U.S. attorneys who have been summarily fired since December : David Iglesias , Kevin Ryan , Bud Cummins , Margaret Chiara , Paul Charlton , Carol Lam , Daniel Bodgen and John McKay , and recommended that Congress subpoena them .
There are so many lies and ugly aspects to this , that it 's hard to know where to begin .
But let me cut to the bottom line that everybody is missing :
Thanks to the inaptly - named " Patriot Act , " Attorney General Gonzales has the authority to name replacements who can serve indefinitely without confirmation .
Under the previous law , unconfirmed replacements could serve for only 120 days , after which the district couts would name a successor .
The innocent explanation from Bush et al. is that the old law was an incursion of judicial authority into Executive Branch appointments .
But the real reason for the change is that the Patriot Act lets them do an end - run around Senate confirmation , just as it lets them do an end - run around many significant parts of the Constitution .
The Justice Departments initially claimed that the Administration has never removed a U.S. Attorney in retaliation or for political reasons , and that the firings were based on the prosecutors ' " performance - related problems . "
In January , Attorney General Gonzales said he " would never , ever make a change in a United States attorney for political reasons . "
Justice Department spokesperson Brian Roehrkasse said about the recent mass firings , " The administration has never removed a U.S. attorney in an effort to retaliate . "
But now , in a total about - face , White House and Justice Department officials are acknowledging that they canned the prosecutors primarily because they were not doing enough to carry out President Bush 's policies on immigration , firearms , the death penalty , and other issues .
Granted , U.S. Attorneys are nominated by the President and serve at his pleasure , and the President is entitled to have prosecutors who reflect his law enforcement priorities .
But rarely has one been replaced in the middle of an Administration 's term , and it is unheard of for so many to be fired in one fell swoop and in such a highhanded way .
This is just the icing on the cake of the other ugly aspects of this story .
At least five of the fired U.S. attorneys were presiding over major public - corruption probes targeting Republican politicians or their supporters .
They are predominantly from blue statesin the West and Southwest .
And at least one was specifically ousted to make room for J. Timothy Griffin , a former White House aide to Karl Rove , which even Griffen declined when he realized what a scandal this was becoming .
Iglesias , the departing U.S. attorney in New Mexico for the past 5 years , spoke out this week about how two members of Congress tried to pressure him to accelerate a probe -- stemming from allegations involving construction contracts and a prominent Democratic former state senator -- just before the November elections .
This was significant because it was the first time that one of the fired eight has so clearly articulated that political pressure regarding an ongoing criminal investigation played a part in his dismissal .
It turns out that the Congresspeople who pressured Iglesias were none other than Republicans Senator Pete Domenici and Representative Heather Wilson .
( Wilson herself was in a close reelection battle with then - state Attroney General Patricia Madrid , which she barely won . )
Representative Wilson and Senator Domenici have violated House and Senate ethics rules that restrict such ex parte communications during ongoing criminal investigations .
Interfering in any way with an ongoing federal criminal investigation -- whether to accelerate it or to shut it down -- is obstruction of justice .
On Tuesday , Congress will hear from four of the eight ousted U.S. Attorneys .
But Congress should also demand to hear from the Justice Department , which came up with the hit list , and the White House , which approved the firings because it believed the ousted eight were not doing enough to carry out Bush policies -- not because of , as the Bushies originally asserted , poor performance .
Prenatal exposure to hormones may affect brain development
It has long been suggested that autistic behaviour is an exaggeration of male habits such as making lists .
But Cambridge Autism Research Centre researchers say the actual development of the autistic brain also exaggerates what happens in male brains .
Writing in Science , they say investigating this theory further will aid understanding of autism .
Anything that adds to the body of knowledge on autism is clearly welcome
Eileen Hopkins , National Autistic Society
The team , led by Professor Simon Baron - Cohen , looked at research carried out into this " extreme male brain " explanation for autism .
They point to evidence that males generally have greater early growth of certain brain regions , and less hemispheric connectivity than females .
Ethical concerns
Boys ' brains grow more quickly than girls ' .
In the brains of people with autism , this growth appears to occur to an even more extreme degree .
There are also specific differences seen in certain areas of the brain .
The amygdala , which plays a key role in emotional responses , is abnormally large in toddlers with autism ; again an exaggeration of the typical development of the male brain .
The researchers say evidence points to exposure to male hormones , such as testosterone , before birth affecting these brain development patterns .
Male foetuses produce these hormones from their testes , and female foetuses from their adrenal glands .
So girls too could be exposed to higher than normal level of hormones .
Professor Baron - Cohen stressed researchers were interested in understanding autism .
" This is not about how we could intervene to prevent autism , or developing a pre-natal test .
" There are two ethical concerns ; whether autism is a disease , which one would want to prevent or eradicate - a lot of people do n't see it as a disease .
These are simply children who develop differently .
" Secondly , there is the issue of pre-natal testing .
Would a test be specific or sensitive enough ? "
Eileen Hopkins , of the National Autistic Society , welcomed the Science paper : " Anything that adds to the body of knowledge on autism is clearly welcome , " she said .
By Glenn Greenwald -
Herman declares at the outset that his purpose in the article is to undermine what he scornfully calls the " consensus [ that ] has taken root in the minds of America s foreign - policy elite . "
What is this heinous " elite consensus " that must be uprooted ?
" That military action against Iran is a sure formula for disaster . "
Yes , perish that thought .
Herman 's mission is to defeat the " appeasing line " that war with Iran is " unthinkable . "
Not only is it thinkable , he contends , but it is feasible and urgently necessary for America 's survival .
After reviewing all of the available short - of - war options for deterring Iranian nuclear proliferation , Herman declares -- with a claim that defines a new level of irony -- that  all of these recommendations fly in the face of reality . "
Dismissing away the consensus of the intelligence community , Herman claims that Iran may possess a nuclear weapon  within the next two to three years ,  and that the U.S. ( of course ) possesses more than ample justification for waging war now on Iran :
Which brings us back to the military option .
That there is plentiful warrant for the exercise of this option  in Iran s serial defiance of UN resolutions , in its declared genocidal intentions toward Israel , another member of the United Nations , and in the fact of its harboring , supporting , and training of international terrorists  could not be clearer .
Like a teenager in the obsessive midst of an online vdeo war game , Herman lays out a detailed fantasy plan for our military attack on Iran :
the attack could move to include Iran s nuclear facilities  not only the  hard  sites but also infrastructure like bridges and tunnels in order to prevent the shifting of critical materials from one to site to another .
Above all , the air attack would concentrate on Iran s gasoline refineries .
But with the massive air attack on Iran s industrial infrastructure ( not to mention the destruction of their bridges and tunnels , tacked on as an afterthought ) , Herman is just warming up :
The scenario would not end here .
With the systematic reduction of Iran s capacity to respond , an amphibious force of Marines and special - operations forces could seize key Iranian oil assets in the Gulf , the most important of which is a series of 100 offshore wells and platforms built on Iran s continental shelf .
North and South Pars offshore fields , which represent the future of Iran s oil and natural - gas industry , could also be seized , while Kargh Island at the far western edge of the Persian Gulf , whose terminus pumps the oil from Iran s most mature and copiously producing fields ( Ahwaz , Marun , and Gachsaran , among others ) , could be rendered virtually useless .
By the time the campaign was over , the United States military would be in a position to control the flow of Iranian oil at the flick of a switch .
Once the U.S. controls
Iran s oil , Herman envisions that we can then start dictating to Iran what their government will be , what policies they should and should not undertake , and basically put them into complete submission to our will .
Herman argues that our war plan :
must therefore be predicated not only on seizing the state s oil assets but on refusing to relinquish them unless and until there is credible evidence of regime change in Tehran or  what is all but inconceivable  a major change of direction by the reigning theocracy .
And what of the rather self - evident , towering risks of unilaterally attacking a country like Iran and seizing its oil assets ?
Those are all dismissed away by Herman as casually and cursorily as he drew up his grand war plans :
 The tactical risks associated with a comprehensive war strategy of this sort are numerous .
But they are outweighed by its key advantages . 
This is not some " thought experiment " or some game theory .
This is really what Herman , and so many like him , believe the U.S. should do , and do now .
The very idea that we are going to launch a unilateral bombing campaign against Iran , shatter its infrastructure , and then seize its oil assets is pure insanity of the highest order .
There is no other way to describe that .
And that would be true at any time , let alone when we are bogged down in the greatest strategic disaster in our nation 's history , where our already horrendous position could be worsened immeasurably by Iran .
One feels absurd even dignifying Herman 's " analysis " with a substantive response .
It really is the stuff of the babbling prophet standing on a cardboard box in the 1980s version of Times Square .
But with the fate of our Iraq occupation sealed through the end of the Bush presidency , the most pressing question is whether the Leader will use the last two years of his presidency to provoke some sort of military confrontation with Iran , and people like Herman are not standing on boxes in Times Square where they belong , but instead are writing in Commentary , which continues to exert real influence among the radicals who have driven our country into the state it is currently in ( as but one example , Mark Halperin favorite Hugh Hewitt
When attempting to understand what has happened to the United States over the last six years , the fact that moronic commentary like Herman 's was ( and largely continues to be ) treated as " serious " and " responsible " foreign policy wisdom , while those opposing the commencement of offensive wars were demonized as frivolous radicals , is the necessary starting point .
For the same reason , excising people like Herman and his allies from our political dialogue is the highest priority in beginning to repair the destruction they have spawned .
Herman declares at the outset that his purpose in the article is to undermine what he scornfully calls the " consensus [ that ] has taken root in the minds of America s foreign - policy elite . "
What is this heinous " elite consensus " that must be uprooted ?
" That military action against Iran is a sure formula for disaster . "
Yes , perish that thought .
Herman 's mission is to defeat the " appeasing line " that war with Iran is " unthinkable . "
Not only is it thinkable , he contends , but it is feasible and urgently necessary for America 's survival .
After reviewing all of the available short - of - war options for deterring Iranian nuclear proliferation , Herman declares -- with a claim that defines a new level of irony -- that  all of these recommendations fly in the face of reality . "
Dismissing away the consensus of the intelligence community , Herman claims that Iran may possess a nuclear weapon  within the next two to three years ,  and that the U.S. ( of course ) possesses more than ample justification for waging war now on Iran :
Like a teenager in the obsessive midst of an online vdeo war game , Herman lays out a detailed fantasy plan for our military attack on Iran :
But with the massive air attack on Iran s industrial infrastructure ( not to mention the destruction of their bridges and tunnels , tacked on as an afterthought ) , Herman is just warming up :
Once the U.S. controls Iran s oil , Herman envisions that we can then start dictating to Iran what their government will be , what policies they should and should not undertake , and basically put them into complete submission to our will .
Herman argues that our war plan :
And what of the rather self - evident , towering risks of unilaterally attacking a country like Iran and seizing its oil assets ?
Those are all dismissed away by Herman as casually and cursorily as he drew up his grand war plans :
 The tactical risks associated with a comprehensive war strategy of this sort are numerous .
But they are outweighed by its key advantages .
 This is not some " thought experiment " or some game theory .
This is really what Herman , and so many like him , believe the U.S. should do , and do now .
The very idea that we are going to launch a unilateral bombing campaign against Iran , shatter its infrastructure , and then seize its oil assets is pure insanity of the highest order .
There is no other way to describe that .
And that would be true at any time , let alone when we are bogged down in the greatest strategic disaster in our nation 's history , where our already horrendous position could be worsened immeasurably by Iran .
One feels absurd even dignifying Herman 's " analysis " with a substantive response .
It really is the stuff of the babbling prophet standing on a cardboard box in the 1980s version of Times Square .
But with the fate of our Iraq occupation sealed through the end of the Bush presidency , the most pressing question is whether the Leader will use the last two years of his presidency to provoke some sort of military confrontation with Iran , and people like Herman are not standing on boxes in Times Square where they belong , but instead are writing in , which continues to exert real influence among the radicals who have driven our country into the state it is currently in ( as but one example , Mark Halperin favorite Hugh Hewitt commended Herman 's war plan as a " must - read " ) .
When attempting to understand what has happened to the United States over the last six years , the fact that moronic commentary like Herman 's was ( and largely continues to be ) treated as " serious " and " responsible " foreign policy wisdom , while those opposing the commencement of offensive wars were demonized as frivolous radicals , is the necessary starting point .
For the same reason , excising people like Herman and his allies from our political dialogue is the highest priority in beginning to repair the destruction they have spawned .
It is hardly news to point out that the warmongers and neoconservatives in the Bush movement are radical , and are becoming increasingly more desperate with the rapid worsening of the predicaments for which they are responsible .
But if you really spend intensive time digging deeply into the things they 've been saying and thinking for the last five years -- as I 've been doing recently in writing my book -- it is nonetheless astounding : ( a ) just how deranged and detached from basic reality are their statements and ( b ) that they have not been forcefully cast out of respectable and mainstream political dialogue as a result of what they say and how they think .
Neoconservatives have now become such caricatures of themselves that it almost pity - inducing to read what they are writing ( though even the briefest reminder of the tragic damage they have wrought precludes any possibility of real pity ) .
When it comes to operating within the minimum confines imposed by basic rationality and plain reality , neoconservatives really are indistinguishable from , say , Lyndon LaRouche or Fred Phelps or any number of other deranged extremists who are not merely radical in their ideology , but are so far removed from reality that they command no attention beyond the occasional derisive reference .
Yet there is little doubt that these same neoconservatives still exert the greatest influence on the thinking of our current President , and the more decorated among them still command great respect from our nation 's media stars .
They are as bloodthirsty as they are detached from reality , as amoral as they are radical , and it is long past the time that just a fraction of the scorn that they so plainly merit be heaped upon them .
The immediate proximate cause prompting this observation is this most repellent article in the leading neoconservative magazine , , by Arthur Herman , a History Professor at George Mason University .
The article , entitled , is an all - out demand that war with Iran commence as soon as possible , and it offers a detailed plan for how the war should be executed .
I always love how the Pentagon , after spending billions of dollars on Rube Goldberg contraptions , suddenly discovers that useful things might actually exist in the commercial sector .
And so yet another Pentagon advisory panel has picked up on this fact .
Reuters yesterday reported on a recently issued study on future technologies written by the Pentagon 's Defense Science Board .
More than anything , it seems these outside advisers want a surveillance system that would put Big Brother to shame , and they 're looking at the commercial sector to provide it :
William Schneider , the board 's chairman , said a key finding was a need to track individuals , objects and activities  much smaller targets than the Cold War 's regiments , battalions and naval battle groups .
* " It 's really an appeal to capture and put into military systems the know - how that 's already available in the market place , " Schneider said in a telephone interview . *
So , after reviewing the available technology , what specific types of things do they suggest the military needs ?
Well , one example , is the Pentagon wants TiVo , according the report ( available as a PDF here ) :
To counter these new threats , technology exists , or could be developed , to provide new levels of spatial , temporal , and spectral resolution and diversity .
Furthermore , the ability to record terabyte and larger databases will provide an omnipresent knowledge of the present and the past that can be used to rewind battle space observations in TiVo - like fashion and to run recorded time backwards to help identify and locate even low - level enemy forces .
For example , after a car bomb detonates , one would have the ability to play high - resolution data backward in time to follows the vehicle back to the source , and then use that knowledge to focus collection and gain additional information by organizing and searching through archived data .
Much of the report comes as little surprise : the science advisers want to move away from Cold War-era weapons and toward technologies that can be used in urban conflicts .
Small sensors , finding better ways to use data , and an emphasis on increasingly popular " influence operations " all figure big .
\ Sharon Weinberger
UPDATE : Noah here .
While a combat TiVo may sound a little crazy , there are several firms that are closer than you think to making it happen .
I wrote about one of them last year for the New York Times .
UPDATE 2 : Our pals at Inside Defense , in an unusually free - to - the - public article , have more on that Defense Science Board report .
It 's a doozy :
The DSB , defining technology broadly to include  tools enabled by the social sciences as well as the physical and life sciences ,  came up with four critical capabilities ...* ... The first capability area ,  human terrain preparation ,  is seen by the science board as  perhaps most central . 
The authors want the military to understand better how people and groups , societies and states behave  and put this information to use to improve training and education , especially of junior leaders and small units .
In the second area ,  ubiquitous observation and recording ,  the board sees the potential to eliminate sanctuaries where adversaries can hide and gain support and emphasizes the ability to record huge amounts of data that can be rapidly analyzed and retrieved .
Keys to this capability include day / night all - weather surveillance  in areas where it is not done well today ( urban areas and under foliage ) ,  among other sensor systems and related technology .
As for  contextual exploitation ,  the report again focuses on the need to quickly extract meaningful information from massive amounts of data .
Here the focus is on data management and the collaboration of human operators and computer systems . *
Finally ,  rapidly tailored effects  revolve around the first three capabilities ...*
But three key areas with ramifications for current operations and threats are not well - covered by today s systems , the authors found : U.S. forces  ability to  conduct non-kinetic operations aimed at influencing the local populace  ; delivering  conventional strikes with great precision and timeliness from afar  ; and  mitigating the effects of [ weapons of mass destruction ] attacks .  *
Influencing local populations is  strategic communication at the operational and tactical levels ,  the report states  the soldier on the ground delivering the right message through both  words and deeds ,  carrying out non-lethal and lethal missions . *
From afar , the task force suggests directed energy , high - energy lasers , ballistic missiles ,  scalable  warheads and  hypersonic flight of either transport or launch vehicle  should be considered for the future toolkit . *
UPDATE 3 : The DSB 's idea , of a gaining " omnipresent knowledge of the present and the past " might sound far - fetched .
But its a goal that the big thinkers at the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency have been pursuing for quite a while .
Darpa - funded engineers are developing a number of different sensors designed to provide what the agency calls " persistent surveillance " and military omniscience . "
For years , Darpa has also been pushing to develop " Combat Zones that See "  citywide surveillance camera networks , meant to TiVo a whole town .
UPDATE 4 : Could a combat TiVo be used to watch the troops , too ?
New here ?
You may want updates via email or RSS feed .
Thanks for visiting !
Last spring I reviewed Why We Buy : The Science of Shopping , a book that explores what motivates us to purchase products , and explains how businesses sell to us .
Today guest - author Paul Bausch looks at a similar book , The Consumer Trap : Big Business Marketing in American Life .
We are continually bombarded with advertising , but as savvy web folk we like to think we 're immune to the effects of marketing .
We use our rational mind to weigh the costs and benefits of our purchases , and advertising is merely an annoyance we endure  the background noise of modern living .
We 've got it wrong .
According to The Consumer Trap by Michael Dawson , big business marketing plays a central role in our lives , shaping our choices , thoughts , feelings , and even our culture .
Before reading this book I was aware of standard marketing terms such as branding , differentiation , distribution channels , and targeting .
I was even aware of the psychological advertising methods pioneered by Edward Bernays , explored by folks like Vance Packard , and in heavy use today .
( Check out the excellent documentary The Century of the Self for a crash course in psychological advertising . )
I considered myself fairly familiar with the Marketing Machine .
But reading Dawson 's book brought together these familiar concepts and many more new marketing tools into a complete , coherent picture .
The book starts with a history of both marketing and marketing criticism .
Dawson introduced me to Frederick Winslow Taylor , who used methods from science to organize business , and to Thorstein Veblen , an economist and early critic of corporate business practices .
In one example of scientific observation , Taylor attached lights to workers , filmed them as they worked , and found ways to make their movements more efficient .
Taylor 's ideas about engineering work environments , objects , and people 's actions lead to companies taking a similar , scientific approach to people 's off - the - job , product - related activities as well .
Veblen , on the other hand , coined the term conspicuous consumption and found that corporate marketers were using  force and fraud  to engineer people 's activities in a form of absentee ownership that has existed throughout history .
These two figures set up the tension that exists throughout the book .
Dawson describes what he calls  The Marketing Revolution  that took place in businesses during the 1950s .
As companies found selling products to mass audiences difficult , companies became aware of a need to shift their focus .
Dawson quotes marketing pioneer Marion Harper Jr. , summing up the change :  The large firm 's constant purpose is to manufacture customers . 
During this revolution , Marketing went from a small part of business that was primarily involved with advertising to the  central organizing principle  of big business .
Instead of manufacturing products and using marketing to help sell those products , business realized they needed to manufacture markets .
With the history of Marketing established , Dawson explores how Marketing operates today in four areas : Targeting , Motivation Research , Product Management , and Sales Communications ( Advertising ) .
Dawson quotes heavily from Marketing textbooks , and at times the book reads like How - To manual .
Even though I 'm not involved in Marketing , it was enlightening to get a look at how marketers see me .
And this view of humanity from a marketing perspective was eloquently described by advertising critic Vance Packard .
 [ Marketers ] see us as bundles of day - dreams , misty hidden yearnings , guilt complexes , irrational emotional blockages .
We are image lovers given to impulsive and compulsive acts .
We annoy them with our seemingly senseless quirks , but we please them with our growing docility in responding to their manipulation of symbols that stir us into action . 
And beyond emotional and demographic research , it was fascinating to read about Product Management techniques like planned obsolescence where products are specifically built to last for a limited time so markets for those products will continually renew themselves .
After looking at the mechanics of Marketing , Dawson describes the ways Marketers market themselves , especially in the political arena .
Much like pushing products , Macromarketing persuades politicians to enact business - friendly legislation such as cars over public transportation , suburbs over urban living , and commercial television content over public interest programming .
In the end , Dawson looks at how Marketing affects all of us as individuals , and encourages readers to look at the aggregate effect of marketing  what he calls the  Piranha Effect  .
One piranha poses no threat to a cow in a stream , but a swarm of piranha will devour a cow in seconds .
Similarly , one marketing campaign has little effect on our daily lives , but we 're exposed to hundreds of campaigns on a daily basis .
Dawson proposes 14 aggregate effects including unnecessary clutter in our lives , relying on businesses to solve our problems ( which he calls deskilling ) , and even narcissism through the constant flattery in advertising .
I walked away from this book with a better understanding of the forces that are trying to influence my decisions .
And one decision I 've made is to stop calling myself a consumer and look at myself as a product user .
It 's a subtle shift in thinking , but I think it 's a positive shift from passive to active .
I think even this small change will help me make better decisions about what to buy because it 'll shift my focus to the utility of products .
If you 'd like a new look at how Marketing affects your life , you are the target market for The Consumer Trap .
Paul Bausch is a freelance web developer , author , and product - user in Corvallis , Oregon .
He blogs at onfocus , and helps Oregon bloggers gather at ORblogs .
) ) 400
 : gg  : 2005-01-08 03:43:06 |  : 3952530 |  : 20065  : 20065 (  10   ) irinkin
08 - Jan-2005
08:03
o4en ' daze o4en ' !!!!
shalimar
08 - Jan-2005
12:04
ya toje tak hochu !
vlad
08 - Jan-2005
12:41
cooooooooooooooooooooool sergio
08 - Jan-2005
13:36
OH MY GOD . wow !
You 're really a professional !!
 .
08 - Jan-2005
21:43
 ,    .
 .
snef
08 - Jan-2005
22:12
Ahrenetj o4enj klasno !!!
miljonok
09 - Jan-2005
04:46
 !
      ;)
Venom
09 - Jan-2005
20:13
 ...   me
09 - Jan-2005
20:31
wow you are quite good !!!
paint another picture please ;) illuminat
10 - Jan-2005
19:29
hey .. ur pictures are amazing !!!
keep in on !!!
  : 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ... 2007 (        )   
  :  :
(  255  )
(    ,      )  
( 53995 )
( 6242 )

contacts : andr64@gmail.com
By JULIE WHELDON , Science Correspondent
Last updated at 22:25 06 November 2006
The insult of ' bird - brain ' is generally applied to scatty people who cannot hold much in their heads .
But it seems this may be doing an injustice to our feathered friends .
Scientists have discovered that the common pigeon actually has an astonishingly good long - term memory .
In tests they found a single bird can memorise 1,200 pictures .
The team said that , despite clear physical differences between birds and other animals , there are important similarities in the way their memories work .
They therefore concluded that the processes that drive the way we store and retrieve memories appear to be largely the same throughout the animal world .
Anyone who has seen squirrels dig up nuts will know they have some long - term memory .
But to date no - one has actually challenged different species to see just how much they can learn .
The new study , published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( PNAS ) , set out to do just this with two species - pigeons and baboons .
Each species was given tests in which they were shown a picture and then given a choice of two possible responses .
For example if shown a picture of a lamp they might then get shown a red and green key - one of which has been randomly selected by a computer as the ' correct ' label for the image .
To train them , the birds were given a food reward if they correctly pecked the key that matched the image .
Baboons were given a similar test but had to push a button instead .
Both species were tested over the course of several years to see just how much they could remember .
To the amazement of the scientists from the Mediterranean Institute of Cognitive Neurosciences in Marseille , France , the pigeons were able to memorise up to 1,200 pictures and the correct responses .
Baboons performed much better with some managing to remember 5,000 successfully .
Despite the difference in the capacity of their memories , the researchers noted some key similarities in their reaction times and rate of forgetfulness .
' In our task the two species only differed in terms of their absolute long - term memory capacity , ' they concluded .
Lead researcher Joel Fagot said the study provided important new information on how memory systems have evolved .
' Birds and monkeys differ considerably in physiology and evolutionary history , ' he said .
' Despite millions of years of divergent evolution they demonstrate highly similar memory profiles . '
He concluded that the different paths species set out on hundreds of millions of years ago ' may have mainly changed memory capacities but have had little impact on basic memory processes and memory dynamics . '
The study is not the first to shed light on some of the remarkable abilities of pigeons .
Italian researchers have found they owe their sense of direction to ' odour maps ' they make of areas they pass over .
Last year scientists also attempted to rate the intelligence of a whole range of birds .
They found crows , rooks , jays and ravens topped the lead for bird IQ - however the New World quail was crowned the dunce of the avian world .
The World Can Be Turned Off With the Flick of a Switch ( But Nobody is That Stupid ) October 6 , 2006
Posted by earthlingconcerned in north korea
The nuclear ambitions of Iran and North Korea have been making headlines for years now .
Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad insists his nuclear ambitions are peaceful and that anyone who believes otherwise ( most of the western world ) are under the spell of the American Empire .
Then there s Kim Jong - il , who wants to make it perfectly clear that North Korea is a force to be reckoned with .
Unlike Iran , North Korea claims to already have these weapons in place and will test these weapons in the not too distant future .
How does the world respond ?
Sanction this , sanction that , and eventually the test will happen regardless .
Just like when he tested , and failed , those long range rockets earlier this year , Kim Jong - il will most likely go through with the nuke tests .
And if he succeeds ?
What then ?
I would imagine the same thing that has happened when the other nuclear weapon states learned how to blow the world up .
Nothing .
As of today , there are nine countries with nuclear weapons capabilities .
Depending where you are in the world , most of these countries are , or at least have been , looked upon with great suspicion since they ve declared themselves ready to play with the big boys .
Here they are :
United States ( 5,735 active / 9,960 total ) :
The majority of the world has a lot of problems with how the States is being run today .
Russia ( 5,830 active / 16,000 total ) : Largest nuclear threat , other than the United States , throughout the cold war .
Continues to have largest arsenal out there and their economy / government is nt exactly the most stable ( not that this has anything to do with nuclear intentions ) United Kingdom ( 200 total ) : Frowned upon by much of the world because of its ongoing involvement with Iraq .
Not exactly a major world power ( sorry ) .
France ( 350 total ) : French fries were nt even invented in France .
China ( 130 total ) : Quickly becoming the next super power in the world .
Happens to be communist ( sort of ) and history shows communists and capitalists do nt typically get along .
India ( 75 - 115 ) : Worlds second fastest growing economy and population ( China is number 1 in both ) .
Just like most of the powers mentioned above , there s no real danger here .
Granted , they are nt best friends with Pakistan .
Pakistan ( 65-90 ) : Run by military leader , president , and author Pervez Musharraf in a very undemocratic fashion .
Yet , cooperates with the US and is therefore seen as being one of the good guys .
North Korea ( 0 - 10 ) : Is nt clear if they have nukes .
We ll find out soon enough .
Closed off country run by someone who considers himself chosen to rule over his people by God .
Supposedly he has to prove himself whenever he can .
Insecure ?
I ca nt say for certain , I ve never met the guy .
Israel ( 75-200 ) : Nothing officially declared yet , but read up on the Vela incident if you have a second .
It s likely they are nuclear ready .
Loved by every country in the world , so they pose no threat whatsoever .
That last line was something I call a joke ( I chuckled to myself while writing it but failed to blow milk out of my nose because I realized the seriousness of not wanting to get destroyed because of an interpretation of God ) .
Of course there will be concern over another country gaining access to the most powerful weapon ever devised by humanity .
Especially when it comes out of closed and paranoid nation like North Korea ( I m still not convinced Iran is any more of a threat then most of the  good guys  on the list of current nuclear powerhouses ) .
But I m not worried about anything happening because if anything did ever happen , nothing would matter anyways .
Thus , the title of this entry .
Imagine the following if you will .
The world is a simple room , nothing is in the room but all of humanity and a single light bulb to which there is no replacement for .
The light bulb is , and has always been at the ON position .
There is however a switch , the p roverbial red button , that has an off position .
Sadly , for those curious in the room , the switch is one way and cannot be turned back on once turned off .
Over the history of this room , the people have played around with the circuitry of the switch and have consequently paid dearly for it .
People tried hitting the switch with rocks , and spears , shot at it with arrows and bullets .
They ve tried throwing water and fire at it with mixed results .
They ve even tried gassing it , throwing planes at it , and so on .
But the light merely flickered a bit before returning to its beautiful , irreplaceable state of existence .
Then one day , someone found a method of moving the light in the direction they saw fit .
One day , this person decided to turn off the light for a large portion of Japanese people in the room and they perished as a result .
Sadly ( or luckily ? ) , the room was nt very big and other people saw what this person was doing and soon learned how to do as he did .
As time went on , just like gossip in the hallways , everyone knew how to flip the switch , but the switch was never flipped again ( except against some birds , fish and possibly desert animals that also supposedly lived in the room ) .
If you skipped that whole analogy the rest of this entry would still make sense , but I thought it was cute so I left it in .
Basically , if anyone uses nuclear weapons in the polarized world we live in , nothing would matter .
In 1959 , US President Dwight Eisenhower once insisted that if war came ,  you might as well go out and shoot everyone you see and then shoot yourself . 
There is no rational use for nuclear warfare and both the Soviets and the Americans knew this throughout the Cold War .
That s why the strategy for the US through most of the cold war was one based on the idea of all or nothing .
MAD , or  Mutual Assured Destruction  was a policy suggesting that if a nuke was ever launched ( in this case , from any Warsaw Pact country onto any NATO member ) , it would be lights out for everyone .
The cold has technically ended , but the cat is out of the bag .
The gossip will continue , and the knowledge will spread .
There s no turning back .
But the world is still around and nobody is nuking anyone .
There is the idea that things are different now .
North Korea or the terrorists ( watch out behind you ! ) do nt follow the same rules as did the Soviets and Americans during the second half of the 20th century .
They do nt follow the same rules ?
Everyone and their grandmother knows that humanity has the capacity to destroy itself at the blink of an eye .
We are all following the same rules .
So whoever you are , go about your life like you always have ( unless you ve lived your life in fear from nuclear attack , then you should probably change your approach ) .
It s all rhetoric , fear mongering , propaganda and the like .
Remember , sticks and stones can break my bones but words will never hurt me .
Those are some wise words I heard some time ago .
Live by them .
Profile
digital_skull
    -     ...
Navigation        
 2016 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31
Blurb
  13  , 2007 @ 18:52      
       -  " Caterpillar "   " Komatsu "        .
 120  ,         (  )     .
        ,   ,          .
         .
     ,     ,     ,    ,       -  ,            ,     )
  ,    .
        ,      ,        
      
               )
 
       "  "     ,      .
      
      500 
   4  ,    ( + )  3  .
   9  $
    .
       -  " Caterpillar "   " Komatsu "        .
 120  ,         (  )     .
        ,   ,          .
         .
     ,     ,     ,    ,       -  ,            ,     )   ,    .        ,      ,                           )         "  "     ,      .           500     4  ,    ( + )  3  .
   9   $     .
 From : masha19 cm Date :  , 13 , 2007 11:43 ( UTC ) ( Link )
     ?-)
 ) ( Thread    - ) ) )      ?-)
From : digital_skull Date :  , 13 , 2007 14:11 ( UTC ) ( Link )  ) ( Parent ) ( Thread  From : ( Anonymous ) Date :  , 23 , 2007 02:58 ( UTC ) Amazing ( Link )
Greats . ( jm from spain )  ) ( Parent ) ( Thread I could not understand cyrilic as other people who also commented but I really enjoyed the pictures .
What should CARTEPILLAR do with these trucks cementery ?
:- SGreats . ( jm from spain ) From : d_maks Date :  , 13 , 2007 12:32 ( UTC ) !!!
( Link )  ) ( Thread  !
From : little_witchi Date :  , 13 , 2007 15:56 ( UTC ) ( Link )
-      (  45  ) ,     ,      
  ,  ,     )  ) ( Thread              )          -   )
http://opr-02-1.narod.ru/photos/zap/belaz.jpg
-      (  45  ) ,     ,       ,  ,     )
From : digital_skull Date :  , 14 , 2007 00:44 ( UTC ) ( Link )  ) ( Parent ) ( Thread           ) From : little_witchi Date :  , 14 , 2007 06:36 ( UTC ) ( Link )  ) ( Parent ) ( Thread   ,         )
From : fashuggah Date :  , 14 , 2007 06:38 ( UTC ) ( Link )
  75 -    ) ( Thread    ...   = )   75 -   
From : digital_skull Date :  , 14 , 2007 08:46 ( UTC ) ( Link )  ) ( Parent ) ( Thread ) )    
From : ( Anonymous ) Date :  , 15 , 2007 09:12 ( UTC )  ,  ( Link )  ) ( Thread     ,  1986  1990 .
       ?
From : digital_skull Date :  , 15 , 2007 14:12 ( UTC ) Re :  ,  ( Link )  ) ( Parent ) ( Thread      From : ( Anonymous ) Date :  , 15 , 2007 14:00 ( UTC ) ( Link )  ) ( Thread   .
 -   .
   .
     .
     -    ,   -    ,    ... ((( From : digital_skull Date :  , 15 , 2007 14:11 ( UTC ) ( Link )  ) ( Parent ) ( Thread          ,          ) )        ,     ) )
From : ( Anonymous ) Date :  , 18 , 2007 10:44 ( UTC ) beautiful pics ( Link )
Thanks for sharing .
Sensei Garfi  ) ( Thread although I can't read cyrillic I enjoyed the pictures .
Thanks for sharing .
Sensei Garfi From : digital_skull Date :  , 18 , 2007 12:03 ( UTC )
Re : beautiful pics ( Link )  ) ( Parent ) ( Thread
            ) From : misha_grizli Date :  , 19 , 2007 07:30 ( UTC ) ( Link )
 ,   -  7547 , /  45  ...
    :)  ) ( Thread  ,      ,   -  7547 , /  45  ...    :)
From : digital_skull Date :  , 19 , 2007 10:45 ( UTC ) ( Link )  ) ( Parent ) ( Thread      ) From : ( Anonymous ) Date :  , 19 , 2007 10:42 ( UTC ) Amazing ( Link )  ) ( Thread
Thanks a lot for the pictures !
From : ( Anonymous ) Date :  , 19 , 2007 19:05 ( UTC ) ( Link )  ) ( Thread this is interesting because ?
From : ( Anonymous ) Date :  , 1 , 2007 10:00 ( UTC )
      ( Link )  ) ( Thread Cat 797B ,  380 .     785     
From : digital_skull Date :  , 1 , 2007 12:36 ( UTC )
Re :       ( Link )  ) ( Parent ) ( Thread       ,    ,   
From : fredrus Date :  , 15 , 2008 10:34 ( UTC ) ( Link )
      -  ) )
 ) ( Thread   !      -  ) )
From : digital_skull Date :  , 15 , 2008 13:07 ( UTC ) ( Link )  ) ( Parent ) ( Thread  ) From : ( Anonymous ) Date :  , 4 , 2008 12:20 ( UTC ) ( Link )  ) ( Thread      "   " (( From : ( Anonymous ) Date :  , 14 , 2009 19:06 ( UTC ) ( Link )
     ! = ) ) )
   ! =)  ) ( Thread     ,     !
=)      ! = ) ) )
   ! =)
From : digital_skull Date :  , 20 , 2009 14:06 ( UTC ) ( Link )  ) ( Parent ) ( Thread       ) From : ( Anonymous ) Date :  , 19 , 2009 18:17 ( UTC ) La corneta peluda !!!
( Link )  ) ( Thread Alguno de estos camiones es hembra para poder insertarle un pescado por la zorra ????
From : antonp Date :  , 5 , 2010 11:28 ( UTC ) ( Link )  ) ( Thread  ,         -      ,        .
     ,        . :)
From : digital_skull Date :  , 6 , 2010 09:06 ( UTC ) ( Link )  ) ( Parent ) ( Thread          (   )
Nov. 13 , 2006  --
Ten years ago -- 10 years last week , in fact -- a little ship named Mars Global Surveyor was launched from Florida , designed to spend two years in Martian orbit .
It has n't been heard from in a week now , and the engineers at the Jet Propulsion Lab in California are finally getting worried .
Something on the ship apparently went awry when it sent a signal that it was having trouble orienting one of its solar panels to face the sun .
A corrective command was radioed back .
The response was two days of silence , and then a carrier signal suggesting the ship had gone into " safe " mode -- essentially shutting down non-essential systems until its earthling masters could figure out what was wrong and send further orders .
It 's roughly analogous to your computer crashing , then giving one of those messages that says , " This system has recovered from a serious error .  "
That was Sunday a week ago , though , and for a ship that has endured the rigors of deep space for so long , time may finally be running out .
NASA 's Deep Space Network has been sending signals to the orbiter every two hours .
So far , silence .
" The spacecraft has many redundant systems that should help us get it back into a stable operation , but first we need to re-establish communications , " said project manager Tom Thorpe in a NASA statement .
MGS was overshadowed in 1997 by the Mars Pathfinder lander -- you probably remember it , with its toaster - sized Sojourner rover -- that landed on the Martian surface , wandered among the rocks , took beautiful color panoramas , and captured the American imagination .
Global Surveyor quietly did more substantial things .
It sent back detailed mapping images of almost all the Martian surface , shooting pictures of what , to many scientists , looked like gullies in the sides of craters .
NASA theorized that relatively recently , geologically speaking , there may have been liquid water spurting from underground reservoirs into the Martian sand .
Three other orbiters and two other rovers have arrived safely from Earth since Mars Global Surveyor .
They have more advanced cameras and more powerful onboard computers .
NASA fully expected to end the MGS mission around 1999 ; instead , it 's had to keep allocating extra money to staff this project that nobody expected would last this long .
JPL has " lost " probes before , and recovered them completely .
But it takes time , and skill , and steely nerves .
After the Pathfinder lander went silent in October 1997 , Brian Muirhead , the project manager , gave ABC News an interview .
" It 's as if a good friend is gone , " he said .
" I did n't get to say a proper goodbye . "
Adding a deck to the back of your house calls for different skills than adding a story to the top of your house .
Building a 60 - story office building requires a different approach altogether .
A deck can be built by an amateur if he or she is sufficiently motivated , and so , occasionally , can an addition to a house .
A skyscraper cannot , and should not , be built by an amateur , no matter how motivated that person may be .
For years , software engineering has concerned itself with skyscraper - sized projects : aircraft control systems , military defense programs , nationwide computer networks , complex operating systems , and the like .
But with the growth of both Internet development and component - based development , software developers are beginning to see an increasing number of truly useful applications developed as  3 x 3  projects  three developers working for three months .
Traditional software engineering has sometimes dismissed those  small  projects as not being worthy of serious attention .
But such projects increasingly make up the bread and butter of many developers  responsibilities , and they deserve some attention .
Some people who work alone or with only one or two other developers would nt have it any other way .
Small teams are more productive in many ways than large teams , but some best practices and experience from large teams can help small groups become even more productive .
Before I explain how , I ll describe how team size and project size affect team dynamics , team productivity , and the quality of the software developed .
Team Size , Communication , and Memory
Communication flows more easily on small teams than large teams .
If you re the only person on a project , communication is simple .
The only communication path is between you and the customer .
As the number of people on a project increases , however , so does the number of communication paths .
It does nt increase additively , as the number of people increases , it increases multiplicatively , proportional to the square of the number of people .
Figure 1 illustrates how a two - person project has only one path of communication .
A five - person project has 10 paths .
A 10 - person project has 45 paths , assuming that every person talks to every other person .
The 2 % of projects that have 50 or more programmers have at least 1,200 potential paths .
The more communication paths you have , the more time you spend communicating , and the more opportunities for communication mistakes are created .
Thus , larger - size projects demand organizational techniques that streamline communication or limit it in sensible ways .
Figure 1 . Communication paths increase multiplicatively as team size increases linearly .
The typical approach taken to streamline communication on large projects is to formalize communication with written documents .
Instead of 50 people talking to each other in every conceivable combination , 50 people read and write documents .
Small projects can avoid documents that are created solely for the sake of streamlining communication .
There are some ways documentation can work to a small team s benefit , however ; documentation serves as an aid to developers  fallible memories .
People s memories are nt any better on small projects than they are on large projects , and it s important to retain permanent records on any project that lasts longer than a few weeks .
The small project size means that records can be less formal .
Design on a small project might consist of a set of diagrams captured on flip charts rather than a formal architecture document .
A project - wide e-mail archive can be an efficient substitute for a large project s monolithic documents .
Small projects can achieve some economies based on small team size , but they will always benefit from permanent supplements to human memory .
Effect of Size on Different Kinds of Software Development Activities
As project size and the need for formal communications increase , the kinds of activities that make up a software project change dramatically .
Figure 2 shows the proportion of activities on projects of different sizes .
The construction activities of detailed design , code and debug , and unit test are shown in gray .
Requirements development is nt shown because the time spent developing requirements is nt necessarily related to the time spent implementing them .
Figure 2 .
As the size of the project increases , construction consumes a smaller percentage of the total development effort .
On very large projects , architecture , integration , system test , and construction each take up about the same amount of effort .
On projects of medium size , construction starts to become the dominant activity .
On a small project , construction is the most prominent activity by far , using as much as 80 % of the time .
In short , as project size decreases , construction becomes a greater part of the total effort .
Small projects tend to focus on construction , and I think that s appropriate and healthy .
That does nt mean they should completely ignore architecture , design , and project planning , however .
Each plays an important role in the project s outcome , and overlooking any one of them can lead to increased errors .
Effect of Size on Errors
You might not think project size would affect what kind of errors will be experienced , but as project size increases , a larger number of errors are usually attributed to mistakes in analysis and design .
Figure 3 shows the general relationship .
Figure 3 .
According to Capers Jones s  Program Quality and Programmer Productivity  ( IBM Technical Report TR 02.764 , Jan. 1977 ) , on small projects , construction errors make up about 75 % of all errors found .
Methodology has less predominance , and the biggest influence on program quality is the skill of the individual writing the program .
On typical larger projects , construction errors taper off to about 50 % of total errors , while requirements and architecture errors make up the difference .
Presumably , this is related to the fact that proportionately more time is spent in requirements development and architecture on large projects , so the opportunity for mistakes in those activities is proportionately larger .
The defect density ( number of defects per line of code or per function point ) also changes with project size .
You would naturally expect a project that s twice as large as another to have twice as many errors , but the larger product is likely to have even more than that .
Table 1 lists the range of defect densities you can expect on projects of various sizes .
Table 1 . General relationship between project size and error density for delivered software in the United States .
Source : Adapted from Capers Jones , Applied Software Measurement , 2d Ed. ( McGraw - Hill , 1997 ) .
The data in Table 1 was derived from specific projects , so the numbers might bear little resemblance to the projects on which you ve worked .
As a snapshot of work in the software field , however , it s illuminating .
It indicates that the number of errors increases dramatically as project size increases , with very large projects having many times more errors per function point than small projects .
Small projects are generally less complex , and developers on small projects can often work without all the quality assurance overhead needed on a large project .
Effect of Size on Productivity
Productivity and software quality have a lot in common with respect to project size .
Both are optimal on the smallest projects .
How big does a project need to be before size begins to affect productivity ?
In  Prototyping Versus Specifying : A Multiproject Experiment  by B.W. Boehm , T.E. Gray , and T. Seewaldt ( IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering , May 1984 ) , the authors reported that smaller teams completed their projects with 39 % higher productivity than larger teams .
The size of the teams ?
Two people for the small projects , three for the large projects .
Table 2 shows the general relationship between project size and productivity .
Table 2 . General relationship between project size and productivity for delivered software in the United States .
Source : Adapted from Capers Jones , Applied Software Measurement , 2d Ed. ( McGraw - Hill , 1997 ) .
Productivity of any specific project is significantly influenced by its personnel , methodologies , product complexity , programming environment , tool support , and many other factors , so it s likely that the data in Table 2 does nt apply directly to your current project .
Take the specific numbers with a grain of salt .
Realize , however , that the general trend is significant .
The productivity of the smallest projects is about 10 times the productivity of the largest ones .
Even jumping from the middle of one range to the middle of the next  say from a program of 100 function points to a program of 1,000 function points you could expect productivity to double .
This table shows one of the reasons developers prefer to work on small projects  they can get more work done !
After experiencing the productivity buzz of a high - performance , small - project team , it s hard to readjust to the methodical approaches needed to ensure success on a larger project .
Programs , Products , and Systems
Lines of code and team size are nt the only influences on project size .
A more subtle influence is the quality and complexity of the final software .
Suppose the original version of your Gigatron program took only one month to write and debug .
It was a single program written , tested , and documented by a single person .
If the first version of Gigatron took only one month , why did its next full release take six months ?
As Fred Brooks pointed out in the Mythical Man-Month , Anniversary Edition ( Addison - Wesley , 1995 ) , the simplest kind of software is a single  program  that s used by the person who developed it , or under controlled circumstances by a few other users .
A program is typically used in - house .
A more sophisticated kind of software is a  product   software that s intended for use by people other than the original developer .
This kind of software is typically intended for external users in environments that differ from the environment in which the software was created .
It requires more extensive testing and documentation .
The goal of program development is to try to be sure there is at least one right way to use the software .
The goal of product development is to try to be sure that there is no wrong way to use the software .
A software product costs about three times as much to develop as a software program .
In addition to the difference between programs and products , another kind of sophistication relates to the interactions among a group of programs that work together .
Such a group is called a software  system . 
Development of a system is more complicated than development of a program because of interfaces between programs and the care needed to integrate them .
A software system costs about three times as much as a software program .
When a software  system product  is developed , it has the testing and documentation requirements of a product and the interaction complexity of a system .
Software system products cost about nine times as much as programs with similar functionality .
Organizations are sometimes surprised when they set out to develop a small program , and discover they really needed to develop a system product  at nine times the cost .
Similarly , organizations used to developing system products can bury a small project in bureaucratic overhead if all they really need is a software program .
Applying Size Considerations to Small Projects
Fortunately for those of us who hate to see software engineering research go to waste , the methodologies developed for skyscraper - sized projects are a lot easier to scale down than the methodologies used in deck - sized projects are to scale up .
One method for determining the degree of formality required has been developed by the U.S. Department of Defense .
You might think that military intelligence is a contradiction in terms , but the U.S. Department of Defense is the largest user of computers and computer software in the world .
It is also one of the largest sponsors of programming research .
The Department of Defense s approach involves scoring a programming project in each of 12 categories , using a formality worksheet to arrive at a score of between 12 and 60 points .
Table 3 illustrates this worksheet .
Table 3 . Project Formality Worksheet .
Source : Adapted from DOD - STD - 7935 in Wicked Problems , Righteous Solutions ( DeGrace and Stahl 1990 ) .
A score of 12 means the project s demands are light , and little formality is needed .
A score of 60 means that the project is extremely demanding and needs as much structure as possible .
Table 4 lists the documentation recommended for projects of different difficulties .
Depending on the needs of the specific project , a data requirements document , a database specification , and implementation procedures might also be recommended .
Table 4 . Recommended documentation for projects of different difficulties .
Sources : DOD - STD -7935 in Wicked Problems , Righteous Solutions ( Peter DeGrace and Leslie Stahl 1990 ) , and Guidelines for Documentation of Computer Programs and Automated Data Systems ( FIPS PUB 38 ) .
This documentation is nt created for its own sake .
The point of writing a quality assurance plan is nt to exercise your writing muscles ; it is to force you to think carefully about quality assurance and to explain your plan to everyone else .
The documentation is a tangible by - product of the real work that must be done to plan and construct a software system .
If you feel like you re going through the motions and writing generic documents , you re not getting the potential benefits .
Useful Practices on Small Projects
Some practices are valuable no matter how small the project is .
Aside from proper documentation , the following recommendations apply to any project .
Emphasize code readability .
Whether your project is 3 x 3 , 1 x 1 , or 50 x 18 , project members will spend a lot of time writing , reviewing , and revising the project s source code .
Maintenance programmers spend more than half of their time figuring out what source code does .
You can make that job much easier by emphasizing good layout ; careful variable , function , and class names ; and meaningful comments .
Build a user interface prototype .
User interface prototyping is useful on even the smallest projects because it helps avoid the serious error of designing , implementing , testing , and documenting software that users ultimately refuse to use .
On small projects you can plan to evolve the prototype into the final software .
On larger projects , you re typically better off creating a throwaway prototype and then building the real software separately .
Hold technical reviews of designs and code .
Technical reviews are useful on projects as small as one line of code .
According to Daniel P. Freedman and Gerald M. Weinberg in Handbook of Walkthroughs , Inspections and Technical Reviews , Third Edition ( Dorset House , 1990 ) , in one software maintenance organization , 55 % of one - line maintenance changes were in error before introducing code reviews .
After introducing reviews , only 2 % were in error .
Use automated source code control .
Automated source code control creates virtually no overhead and pays for itself the first time you need to retrieve the version of the software you were working on yesterday .
It is useful on even the smallest , one - person projects .
Use defect - tracking software .
One of the most embarrassing software errors is to release software that contains an error that you knew about and simply forgot to fix .
Like automated source code control , defect - tracking software adds virtually no overhead to a project and helps to prevent needless mistakes .
Large projects typically need sophisticated , networked defect - tracking software ; small projects can get by with a tool as simple as a defect - tracking spreadsheet .
Create and use checklists .
Checklists are an often - overlooked , low - tech development tool , but they are useful in many areas .
They are created from experience , so they re inherently practical .
Use them during requirements time to avoid missing key requirements .
Use them at architecture and design time to be sure your design accounts for all relevant considerations .
Use them during design and code reviews to help reviewers catch the most common problems .
Use them at software release to assure that , in the last - minute rush to release the software , you do nt make careless mistakes .
The Most Important Lesson from Large Projects
Whether you re building a deck or a skyscraper , it s cheaper and easier to change your plans during the diagram phase than during construction .
A deck project might seem small by comparison , but if you decide to move a support post after you ve dug the post hole , mixed concrete for the footing , poured the footing , set the post into the concrete , and let the concrete cure , you ll wish you had spent a few more minutes scrutinizing your design .
( Believe me , I have the blisters to show for it . )
And that s only a weekend project .
If software engineering on large projects has taught us one thing , it s the importance of being strategic about the progression from requirements development to design , implementation , and testing .
The traditional waterfall life cycle model has earned a bad reputation for its dogmatic step - by - step progression from requirements development to system testing .
Overly bureaucratic though it might be , the waterfall model embodies an important truth : defects are a lot cheaper to correct in the earlier phases of requirements development and architecture than they are in the later phases of construction and system testing .
A one - sentence statement of requirements can give rise to a handful of design diagrams , which can flow into a few hundred lines of code , several dozen test cases , and many pages of user documentation .
If you make an error at requirements time , it s a whole lot cheaper and easier to correct that defect at requirements or architecture time than it is to overlook it until later .
An erroneous requirement may not seem as rigid as a post set in concrete , but it will be every bit as hard to change after several hundred lines of code have been written to implement it .
Projects of different sizes benefit from different approaches .
Practices that could be considered unconscionably sloppy on a large project might be overly rigorous for a small one .
When the large - project training wheels come off , a small project team can cover a lot of ground .
But an overly eager small project team can earn itself a nice set of scrapes and bruises if it does nt remember what those large - project training wheels were for .
Small projects are exhilarating .
They can be exhilarating and productive when the team remembers a few of the lessons that large project teams learned the hard way .
Further Reading
Wicked Problems , Righteous Solutions : A Catalog of Modern Software Engineering Paradigms , by Peter DeGrace and Leslie Stahl , Yourdon Press , 1990 .
This book catalogs the approaches to developing software .
DeGrace and Stahl emphasize that any development approach must vary as project size varies .
The section titled  Attenuating and Truncating  in Chapter 5 discusses customizing software development processes based on project size and formality .
It includes descriptions of models from NASA and the Department of Defense and many interesting illustrations .
Software Engineering Economics , by Barry W. Boehm , Prentice - Hall Inc. , 1981 .
This is an extensive treatment of the cost , productivity , and quality ramifications of project size and other variations in the software development process .
It discusses of the effect of size on construction and other activities .
Chapter 11 is an excellent explanation of software s diseconomies of scale .
Other project - size information is interspersed throughout the book .
Gulfnews.com
Khalifa : UAE not to be used for Iran attack
Dubai :
The UAE will not allow the use of its territory in any military strike on Iran , President His Highness Shaikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Al Nahyan said in statements published yesterday .
But he urged Tehran to show flexibility and avoid regional tensions .
 We have informed the Iranian brothers in a message carried recently by the foreign minister that we are not party to its conflict with the United States and will not allow our territories to be used for any military , security or intelligence activities against it ,  the President told the Arabic daily Al Hayat .
( More )
( map source )
As temp jobs go , Saroj Mehli has landed what she feels is a pretty sweet deal .
It s a nine - month gig , no special skills needed , and the only real labor comes at the end -- when she gives birth .
If everything goes according to plan , Mehli , 32 , will deliver a healthy baby early next year .
But rather than join her other three children , the newborn will be handed over to an American couple who are unable to bear a child on their own and are hiring Mehli to do it for them .
She ll be paid about $ 5,000 for acting as a surrogate mother , a bonanza that would take her more than six years to earn on her salary as a schoolteacher in a village near here .
 I might renovate or add to the house , or spend it on my kids  education or my daughter s wedding ,  Mehli said .
Advertisement
Beyond the money , she said , there is the reward of bringing happiness to a childless couple in the United States , where such a service would cost them thousands of dollars more , not to mention the potential legal hassles .
Driven by many of the same factors that have led Western businesses to outsource some of their operations to India in recent years , an increasing number of infertile couples from abroad are coming here in search of women such as Mehli who are willing , in effect , to rent out their wombs .
The trend is evident to doctors such as Indira Hinduja , perhaps India s most prominent fertility specialist , who receives an inquiry from overseas every other week .
It can also be detected on the Internet , where a young Indian woman recently posted an ad on a help - wanted website offering to carry a child for an expatriate Indian couple .
Then there is the dramatic example of Mehli s family .
Two of her sisters have already served as surrogates -- one of them for foreigners -- and so has a sister - in - law .
Mehli finally decided to join in , with the enthusiastic consent of her husband , a barber , and the guidance of a local doctor who has become a minor celebrity by arranging more than a dozen surrogacies in the last two years , for both Indian and non-Indian couples .
Advertisement
Some see the practice as a logical outgrowth of India s fast - paced economic growth and liberalization of the last 15 years , a perfect meeting of supply and demand in a globalized marketplace .
 It s win -win ,  said S.K. Nanda , a former health secretary here in Gujarat state .
 It s a completely capitalistic enterprise .
There is nothing unethical about it .
If you launched it somewhere like West Bengal or Assam  -- both poverty - stricken states --  you d have a lot of takers . 
Others are nt so sure about the moral implications , and are worried about the exploitation of poor women and the risks in a land where 100,000 women die every year as a result of pregnancy and childbirth .
Rich couples from the West paying Indian women for the use of their bodies , they say , is distasteful at best , unconscionable at worst .
 You re subjecting the life of that woman who will be a surrogate to some amount of risk ,  said C.P. Puri , director of the National Institute for Research in Reproductive Health in Mumbai ( formerly Bombay ) .
 That is where I personally feel it should not become a trade . 
Advertisement
Both sides of the debate agree that the fertility business in India , including  reproductive tourism  by foreigners , is potentially enormous .
Current figures are tough to pin down , but the Indian Council of Medical Research estimates that helping residents and visitors beget children could bloom into a nearly $ 6 - billion - a - year industry .
 It s definitely going to increase with education and literacy , especially in a country like India ,  said Gautam Allahbadia , a fertility specialist in Mumbai who recently helped a Singaporean couple find an Indian surrogate .
He has received similar inquiries from the United States , Israel and Spain .
A Mini Baby Boom
In the vanguard of the nascent industry is this small city , where gynecologist Nayna H. Patel is presiding over a mini baby boom .
But eight of her recent and imminent arrivals wo nt be adding to Anand s population of 100,000 :
Three of the infants are destined for the U.S. , two for Britain and three for other parts of India .
( Six more surrogacy attempts were unsuccessful . )
Advertisement
Before Patel s practice began attracting national and international notice , Anand was famous for decades as the milk capital of India , home to the country s most successful dairy farmer cooperative .
Now the town also boasts about 20 young women who have volunteered to be implanted with embryos at Patel s clinic .
A few have already gone through the process once and are eager for a second go - round .
Prospective foreign clients hear of Patel through word of mouth or informal online networks and websites dealing with infertility issues .
By the time they contact her , and spend the time , energy and money to get here , they are usually desperate for children and often emotionally battered after years of trying and failing to conceive .
Patel has set some criteria for those she ll help : only childless couples in which the wife is either infertile or physically unable to carry a fetus to term .
Advertisement
Likewise , potential surrogates must be between 18 and 45 , in good health , and mothers in their own right , for physical and psychological reasons -- physical , so they know what awaits their bodies , and psychological , so they feel less troubled about giving up the baby because they already have children .
The egg that contributes to the embryo is never one of their own , coming instead from an anonymous donor or the intended mother , and then usually fertilized in vitro .
Both parties sign a contract under which the intended parents pay for medical care and the surrogate renounces rights to the baby , a provision that relieves the fears of many foreign couples .
In the U.S. , for example , where laws vary from state to state , the surrogate sometimes has a window of opportunity after the birth to stake a claim on the child , which can precipitate nightmarish custody battles .
In Anand , volunteers are repeatedly reminded by Patel and her staff that the fetuses in their wombs are not theirs .
They give up the newborns within one to two days after delivering .
No problems have arisen yet with too strong a bond forming between surrogate and child , Patel said .
 Their first question is ,  Is the baby OK ? 
The second is ,  Is the couple happy ? 
And then they say ,  Thank God ,   Patel said .
 And then they do nt think about it after that . 
Advertisement
She acknowledged that money was the primary reason these women had queued up to be surrogates ; without it , the list would be short , if not nonexistent .
Payment usually ranges from about $ 2,800 to $ 5,600 , a fortune in a country where annual per capita income hovers around $ 500 .
But Patel cited cultural components as well -- an empathy with the childless here in a society that views producing progeny as an almost sacred obligation , and Hindu teachings about being rewarded in the next life for good deeds performed in this one .
 Those couples who do nt have kids long for them , and I can understand their feelings ,  said Smita Pandy , 27 , who has two children of her own and was about to give birth on behalf of another Indian couple .
 I ll be happy because they ll be blessed with a child . 
Her husband , Jagruth , looks at it this way : Just as he and his family live in a rented house , his wife s womb is also providing temporary shelter -- for a fee -- to a child belonging to someone else .
Advertisement
Despite his liberal outlook , traditional attitudes on sex and procreation , which make surrogacy seem incomprehensible and taboo to many , still prevail in the Indian countryside .
Mehli , the woman who has agreed to act as a surrogate for an American couple , has invented a cover story for her neighbors .
 I ll say that I m pregnant with my husband s child , and once I have to part with the baby , I ll say that it died ,  she said .
She does nt worry about potential ill effects of the pregnancy on her own physical or mental health .
But it s a question that concerns Puri , the director of the reproductive health research institute in Mumbai .
 If we look at who is likely to become a surrogate for monetary gain , it s people who are from low socioeconomic status ,  Puri said .
 If we look at the mortality and morbidity associated with pregnancy and childbirth , it s a lot more in this class of people . 
Advertisement
India has no laws regulating the fertility industry , only nonbinding guidelines issued by the national medical research council .
The group has urged the government to enact legislation to ensure protection of rights on all sides .
Doctors who have assisted infertile couples from abroad in hiring surrogates insist that they guard against exploitation and provide high - quality care .
They bristle at comparisons of surrogate mothers to people who sell their organs , an act they describe as perverse and completely different from harnessing the natural maternal cycle .
 You re not losing any organ ,  Patel said .
 This is physiological , pregnancy and delivery .
When you remove a kidney , it becomes pathological . 
Showered With Gifts
Advertisement
In addition , many of the surrogate mothers are showered with gifts of food and medicine and monitored with solicitous attention by the waiting parents , usually educated , sophisticated people who want to ensure that their investment yields its much - hoped - for fruit .
The American who has hired Mehli said he and his wife had discussed all options for having a child in light of her hysterectomy 10 years ago .
Surrogacy was one possibility , but at a minimum of $ 20,000 to $ 25,000 in the U.S. ,  the expenses involved were almost beyond my reach ,  said the man , who asked that he be identified only by his last name , Singh , because of the delicate subject .
His doctor suggested that Singh and his wife look to India for a solution .
Because Singh is of Indian descent -- like many of the foreigners who seek surrogates here -- the idea appealed to him .
He recently journeyed to Anand on a hot afternoon to meet Mehli , sign the contract and donate sperm , which will be matched with an egg from an anonymous donor .
Advertisement
 It makes me comfortable to see that she has kids , and her husband is here today and I can talk to him ,  said Singh , who lives in the western U.S.
 It gives me more confidence that I or someone from my family can visit even during pregnancy . 
The cost of the in - vitro fertilization and surrogacy process is expected to total about $ 7,200 .
Even with travel expenses factored in , the overall cost will work out to much less than in the U.S. , he said as he sat in Patel s office .
In the lobby , a dozen barefoot women in vividly colored saris waited patiently to see the doctor .
Over their heads , tacked up along one wall , were thank - you notes from proud parents and photos of their smiling or sleeping babies .
By this time next year , Singh hopes to be represented on that wall .
[ Image : Screen - grab from the Geostationary Banana Over Texas homepage ] .
[ Image : Another screen - grab from the Geostationary Banana Over Texas homepage ] .
[ Images : More screen - grabs from the Geostationary Banana Over Texas homepage ; the last image is particularly brilliant ] .
One of the funnier works of atmospheric installation art I 've yet seen is the so - called Geostationary Banana Over Texas
The project is described as " an art intervention placing a gigantic banana over the Texas sky .
"
The banana , we read , " will float between the high atmosphere and Earth 's low orbit , being visible only from the state of Texas and its surroundings . "
It will be 300 m long , framed with bamboo , and filled with helium .
I 'm 100 % behind the idea .
After all , the project 's organizers remind us , " a banana appearing in the Texas sky might seem like a ' message ' .
" Indeed .
( With a huge thanks to Michael Pace for the link !
See also MetaFilter or Neatorama for more ) .
All software published in the United States is protected by strong copyright and trademark protection .
Microsoft Excel , for example , cannot be copied , nor can its association with Microsoft be removed .
But a patent goes well beyond this .
It protects even the underlying concepts from being used by others -- for 20 years .
As recently as the 1970's , software developers relied solely upon copyrights and trademarks to protect their work .
This turned out rather well for Microsoft .
Had Dan Bricklin , the creator of VisiCalc , the spreadsheet that gave people a reason to buy a personal computer , obtained a patent covering the program in 1979 , Microsoft would not have been able to bring out Excel until 1999 .
Nor would Word or PowerPoint have appeared if the companies that had brought out predecessors obtained patent protection for their programs .
Mr. Bricklin , who has started several software companies and defensively acquired a few software patents along the way , says he , too , would cheer the abolition of software patents , which he sees as the bane of small software companies .
" The number of patents you can run into with a small product is immense , " he said .
As for Microsoft 's aggressive accumulation in recent years , he asked , " Is n't Microsoft the poster child of success without software patents ? "
So why did n't Mr. Bricklin file for a patent for VisiCalc in 1979 ?
Patents for software alone were not an option then .
He consulted a patent attorney who said that the application would have to present the software within a machine and that the odds were long that the ploy would succeed .
The courts regarded software as merely a collection of mathematical algorithms , tiny revelations of nature 's secrets -- not as an invention , and thus not patentable .
The legal environment changed not because of new legislation , but by accident .
One important ruling here and another there , and without anyone fully realizing it , a new intellectual - property reality had evolved by the end of the 1980's .
Now software could enjoy the extraordinary protection of a patent , protection so powerful that Thomas Jefferson believed that it should be granted in only a few select cases .
Making the best possible argument for Microsoft 's newly acquired passion for patents is a job that falls to Brad Smith , the company 's senior vice president and general counsel .
Last week , we discussed the changing legal landscape in the 1990's .
Microsoft had not taken an interest in patents in its early years because , as Mr. Smith said , " We thought we could rely on copyright . "
The courts changed the rules , and Microsoft had to respond like everyone else .
Why did Microsoft increase its patent - application target so sharply just last year ?
" We realized we were underpatenting , " Mr. Smith explained .
The company had seen studies showing that other information technology companies filed about two patents for every $ 1 million spent on research and development .
If Microsoft was spending $ 6 billion to $ 7.5 billion annually on its R&D , it would need to file at least 3,000 applications to keep up with the Joneses .
Canada has a thriving Muslim population centred in Ontario
Islamic law could be used to settle civil and marital disputes under a proposal made by former Ontario Attorney General Marion Boyd .
Roman Catholic and Jewish arbitration tribunals already operate Ontario .
Opponents of Sharia law say allowing Islamic tribunals could lead to discrimination against women .
A protest march is scheduled for Thursday in Toronto , which is the capital of Canada 's most populous and multi-cultural province .
Other Canadian marches are due in Ottawa , Waterloo , Montreal and Victoria , while in Europe there will be rallies in Amsterdam , Dusseldorf , Stockholm , Goteborg , London and Paris .
' Unbelievable '
Michele Vianes , president of the Paris - based group Regards de Femmes , says political Islam does not recognise secular law .
" For all Europeans , women particularly , we think Canada is a country where women 's rights are very strong , " she said .
" For us , it is unbelievable that Sharia institutes are possible in Canada . "
Ontario Premier Dalton McGuinty has been examining the Sharia recommendation since December and has only promised that the government will take a decision " in keeping with the values of Ontarians and Canadians " .
Ms Boyd argues that if Sharia is not allowed , all religious arbitration bodies could be abolished .
File - sharing is an efficient way to distribute large files to people
It found that eDonkey was the most popular sharing network for video .
BitTorrent saw a fall in video traffic , but more seemed to be using it to swap files which are not video or audio .
CacheLogic used sophisticated traffic monitoring techniques to analyse file extensions and track packets of data across the four main file - sharing nets .
It analysed global traffic over the main P2P services - Gnutella , FastTrack , BitTorrent and eDonkey - over a 48 - hour period .
CacheLogic surmised that more " legitimate " content was being swapped over BitTorrent .
The way they can go forward is to embrace it .
This is a technology that allows the distribution of content directly into people 's homes
Nick Farka , CacheLogic
Such traffic could include software , software updates , or games , Nick Farka from CacheLogic told the BBC News website .
" What we found this time last year was that BitTorrent was widely used for video distribution , " he said .
Mr Farka said that the fall in video and music content being swapped on BitTorrent could have been a result of the Motion Picture Association of America 's ( MPAA ) recent legal action which specifically targeted BitTorrent tracker sites .
The MPAA had some success in getting major tracking sites closed down last year .
Suprnova was the most popular of the BitTorrent tracker sites and was forced to shut in December .
" Then there are other files - CD images , software , compressed files .
There has been marked shift in that mix , " said Mr Farka .
But , he added , there was no real way to tell what was copyrighted , illegal content and what was not .
It could be pirated software being swapped illegally , for instance .
" There are indications in as much as there is a lot of other traffic .
File extensions will give some idea whether the content is legitimate or not .
" There are groups of file formats that fall into certain categories and from that we can make assumptions .
We can open the packet to know the payload , but we do not know what the content is , " he explained .
The report also found that 68.9 % of audio files being swapped on the networks were in the MP3 format .
A surprising figure , CacheLogic said , was that 12.3 % of files were in the open source audio format , OGG .
The OGG format is patent and royalty free , and is supported on most media players .
Distributing bits
BitTorrent tracker sites host links to where people can find the different bits of files needed for a full piece of content .
Whole files , such as an episode of 24 for instance , are split into multiple parts .
Trackers tell people the different locations where the parts of the files can be downloaded .
The MPAA has been trying to close down BitTorrent tracker websites
By splitting up files into multiple parts , and letting users find other users they can download the parts from , takes the bandwidth strain off of servers .
The BBC , for instance , is trialing its iMP ( Interactive Media Player ) which is based on file - sharing techniques .
It will let people download BBC programmes for up to seven days after they are first broadcast .
Mr Farka said file - sharing technology was something that would not disappear because it was such an effective way to give people access to large digital files .
Once set - top - boxes , such as Sky 's boxes to be released in November , are hooked up to broadband connections , it is the way people will expect to get content .
" I do n't think they are ever going to overcome it [ file - sharing ] .
The way they can go forward is to embrace it .
" This is a technology that allows the distribution of content directly into people 's homes , " said Mr Farka .
The analysis also showed that file sizes varied between networks .
Larger files tended to be swapped on eDonkey and BitTorrent .
Smaller files tended to be shared on Gnutella and FastTrack .
There is a tendency in the Christian world to view Yeshua Nazarite as the first New Age hippie ; a long - haired , sandal - wearing likeable guy who strolled about Palestine spreading love and good feelings .
While there is a grain of truth to this sentiment , Yeshua Nazarite was more than a friendly guy .
Indeed he did spread love amongst the unlovable , peace amongst those foreign to it .
However , he was also a scholar , a man learned in the Law and a religious Jew .
Yeshua s teachings did not appear via some process of parthenogenesis , but rather his ideas find their foundation in the Torah interpreted for use by ordinary people in a dangerous world .
The Rabbi as the spiritual leader in the Jewish community slowly evolved in response to the destruction of the Temple and the Diaspora .
In the Middle Ages , Jews found themselves without a homeland , caught between Muslims and Christians , spread throughout the known world without a Temple or homeland to link them together .
The Levite priesthood disintegrated , and Jewish thinkers such as Maimonides helped to popularize the Rabbinical method as a way to help unify and strengthen the Jewish community in a time of darkness .
Rabbinical thought has antecedents much earlier , but in a time when the priesthood dominated religious practice , the Rabbis were scribes and teachers , though rarely community leaders .
While respected members of the community , their role was not truly divine .
Unlike the Levites , their place was not set out in the Torah .
In the time of the birth of the Roman Empire , Yeshua Nazarite was born into a Jewish community where scholars and priests co-existed , where the Rabbi s role in the community was still evolving .
It is difficult to pin down the exact date of Yeshua s birth , though reasonable to assume he lived from around 11 B.C. to 25 A.D.
This was a time of great change in the Mediterranean world .
A century of civil war had just ended and in the transition the Greek Kingdom in Egypt lost its independence , the Roman Republic was swept away and the world became ruled by the Roman Empire .
Its Emperor , Caesar Augustus , became the God of the Known World .
To the Romans , Alexander s once mighty empire was nothing more than a pot of gold to be taxed and pillaged into oblivion .
Not even the restored Temple in Jerusalem escaped the greedy Roman vultures .
Rome s greatest enemy , the undefeatable Parthian Empire , stood at the border of Syria , forcing Rome to turn Palestine into a military outpost .
Jerusalem became a supply depot and base for the Legions on their way to the Parthian frontier .
Though the Jewish nation had lived through slavery in Egypt , captivity in Babylon and countless wars and invasions , they had always survived .
During the Roman occupation they longed once again for a hero to save them .
Rome , however , was the mightiest enemy the Jews had ever faced .
It would take more than another Moses or Gideon or Samson to defeat them .
To defeat the Romans and reestablish the glorious kingdom of David required none other than the long prophesied Messiah .
Or so it seemed .
Hope was given wings when Yayan Baptizer , a man from the wilderness , son of the priest Zacharias , a man of courage and great elocution , began to travel Judea preaching the word of God .
Of course , in a time of chaos prophets , wild - men and preachers were abundant .
Like many of them , Yayan denounced the excesses of the Romans and their tax system .
He spoke against the corrupt and opportunistic Herod the Great , the Roman - appointed ruler of Galilee who had recently been given civil authority over the High Levite priests .
Popular though he might have been , Yayan Baptizer was nothing more than a rabble - rouser , one of many capitalizing on resentment of the Romans and the Jewish leaders seen as their lapdogs .
One of Yayan s closest supporters was his cousin , a laborer from Nazareth who was to not only give voice to the people s frustrations , but also provide practical solutions for life in an oppressive and confusing new world .
In the tens of centuries that passed between the time of Moses and the time of Yeshua , the Mediterranean World had been transformed in ways that no prophet foresaw .
The great power - base of Egypt and Mesopotamia was usurped by the restless tribes of the north and west .
Alexander relegated the Persian super - power to provincial status and then did the same to mighty Egypt .
The Macedonians had not only conquered the world , they had doubled its size .
The mists were lifted and strange new lands appeared on the horizon from the barbaric tribal groups of Europa to the magnificently rich and exotic lands of India , to the mysterious Seres and Phyrini1 .
The Romans , once a barbarian tribe , took control of the Italian peninsula , established themselves in Iberia and North Africa and absorbed the remnants of Alexander s Empire .
Expanding their dominion of the world , the Romans brought their civilization to Gaul , Germania and even to Albion and Hibernia2 , then seen as beyond the edge of the world .
Historically , the Jews viewed Jerusalem as the center of the Earth , between the Egyptians and Mesopotamia .
The rise of the Greco - Roman civilization irrevocably destroyed this world - view .
By 100 B.C. the center of the world had shifted by fourteen hundred miles to a city on the Tiber .
The world in which Yeshua lived would have been alien to Moses ; a world ruled by northern barbarians of whose very existence even an educated Egyptian of 1400 B.C. would have been ignorant .
Not one prophet had told of the rise of the west .
Not one had warned of the ferocity of Rome and the relegation of Jerusalem to the humble status of a minor , back - water province of a great western Empire .
The prophets of Judaism had , perhaps , let their people down .
The world changed , but the Torah and the Mitzvah had not .
But , perhaps they could be reinterpreted for a new generation facing a new challenge .
The teachings of Yeshua Nazarite were based in the Torah , but explored new uses and adaptations of Mosaic Law .
Whereas many religious leaders of the time viewed the Law as an unbendable and unbreakable set of statutes designed to ensure a standard of morality separate from common pagan religious communities , Yeshua Nazarite used the Law as a basis for creating a stronger , more pleasant community .
Therein in lay one of the chief causes of Yeshua s subsequent execution .
At once Yeshua challenged the religious leaders and championed the frustrations of the people with those leaders .
At the same time he failed to offer the people what they most desired : a military victory over the oppression of Rome .
When religious leaders pushed for Yeshua s execution the people chose not to save a man who proved only a Rabbinical reformer .
Instead they saved a bandit known for murdering Roman soldiers .
Though later Christian theologians interpreted Yeshua s message in the context of the sacrificial redemption of humanity , there is a much more mundane and human aspect to the Rabbi s teaching .
While there are numerous stories attributing miracles and healing powers to Yeshua , there are more stories telling of his numerous debates and discussions of the Torah .
It seems there is a valid interpretation of Yeshua s message that concerns neither conjuring nor magic tricks , but rather a courageous redefinition of the Mitzvah centering their application on human compassion and love rather than on rigid religious dogma .
A well - known story of Yeshua s reinterpretation of the Mitzvah comes from the Gospel of John :
Now very early in the morning , he came again into the temple , and all the people came to him .
He sat down , and taught them .
The scribes and the Pharisees brought a woman taken in adultery .
Having set her in the midst , they told him ,  Teacher , we found this woman in adultery , in the very act .
Now in our law , Moses commanded us to stone such .
What then do you say about her ? 
They said this testing him , that they might have something to accuse him of .
But Jesus stooped down , and wrote on the ground with his finger .
But when they continued asking him , he looked up and said to them ,  He who is without sin among you , let him throw the first stone at her . 
Again he stooped down , and with his finger wrote on the ground .
They , when they heard it , being convicted by their conscience , went out one by one , beginning from the oldest , even to the last .
Jesus was left alone with the woman where she was , in the middle .
Jesus , standing up , saw her and said ,  Woman , where are your accusers ?
Did no one condemn you ? 
She said ,  No one , Lord .  Jesus said ,  Neither do I condemn you .
Go your way .
From now on , sin no more . 
3
The ultimate question that must be asked of the above passage is : does Yeshua s answer violate the Mitzvah ?
To answer , one must of course investigate the Torah .
The commandments laid down by YHVH for his people clearly state that a sinner must be castigated4 , that a sexually active unmarried woman must not be allowed within the community5 , that such a woman must be punished6 .
In one sense it does seem as though Yeshua s choice clearly violates the Mitzvah , but in another sense he confirms the Law while reinterpreting the notion of whose role it is to enforce the statutes laid down by Moses .
Indeed , Yeshua condemns the woman s actions , labeling them as sin .
He states that punishment should be inflicted upon her .
But his reinterpretation denies that mere and fallible humanity is capable of judging , much less punishing her .
It should be noted that the religious leaders were not intent on stoning the woman to death , merely on proving a forensic point .
Stoning and execution for minor sins was , at that point in history , rarely if ever enforced , nor did the religious authorities have jurisdiction which allowed them to do so .
The question must be asked : how can one maintain the Law while seemingly contradicting it ?
Yeshua did this by controversially denying the religious authorities their right to act as judges of the community .
In Yeshua s view judgment for sin can only be meted out by YHVH , most likely in the afterlife .
In several ways this view was intended to offer hope to those oppressed by an alien government .
It ensured unity in an already divided people by denying the power of one member of the community to pass judgment on another and it affirmed the idea that while people were powerless and broken in this world in the world to come after death they would be given fair treatment by a judge infinitely wiser than any human .
More importantly , Yeshua was a man who was willing to stand up for the oppressed in a time of tribulation .
His unwillingness to condemn a woman , a probable prostitute , illustrates the notion that all people have worth ; no doubt a comforting idea to a people with all their worth stripped from them by conquerors .
Through his actions and statements Yeshua proclaims the idea that all people are equal .
While religious leaders may attack a sexually promiscuous woman , they are still her equal .
Like her they have sinned and violated the Law .
Yeshua taught that the Law was not rigid .
While perhaps initially set in stone , it need not perpetuate in such a form .
For a lost and powerless people in a chaotic world , Yeshua reinterpreted the Law to stress the survival and strength of the community over rigid adherence to doctrine .
In one of his best - remembered sermons he states :
Do not think that I have come to abolish the law or the prophets .
I have come not to abolish but to fulfill .
Indeed , I say to you , until heaven and earth pass away , not the smallest letter or the smallest part of a letter will pass from the law , until all things have taken place .
7
Perhaps Yeshua thought that in reinterpreting the Law in a way that allowed the Jews to survive the oppression of Rome , the Law would be fulfilled ; it would serve a purpose greater than that of a mere moral code .
It would give the Jewish people what they needed to survive an enemy more dangerous than even the greatest of prophets could have foreseen .
For a time the people flocked to Yeshua , hoping perhaps that he could be the Messiah promised the Jewish people , that he could free them from the tyranny of their enemies .
Instead , Yeshua was caught in the middle of the chaotic world into which he had tried to bring peace ; his reinterpretation of the Law angering religious leaders and his refusal to lead a military revolt against Roman occupation alienating him from his supporters .
He was betrayed by his own confidants , tried by the religious leaders , and handed over to the Romans for execution .
Despite their difficulties and hardships , the Jews survived and their culture endured .
They would outlive greater foes than the Romans .
It is an unfortunate irony of history that Yeshua s teachings were perpetuated by alien peoples , even by the Romans , when his goal was perhaps the unification , survival and continuity of his own Jewish community .
Sadder is the fact that instead of strengthening his people Yeshua s teachings would , in the aftermath of his martyrdom , divide them .
A greater irony still : those who centuries later claimed themselves his followers would let the Law fall by the wayside as they used his name to oppress the very people he sought to protect , to uplift and to defend .
Once again , the shuttle Discovery is about to blast into space .
And once again , it will dock with the International Space Station , and astronauts will continue the process of building the half - completed orbiting laboratory in a mission full of daunting challenges .
But the majesty of the first nighttime liftoff in more than four years , now scheduled for Thursday just before 9:36 p.m.
Eastern time , will not dispel a question that has long been the subject of sharp debate among experts :
What is the space station for ?
In 1998 , when its first components were launched as a replacement for the Mir , a worn - out Soviet - era relic , the station was billed as a manned science lab of nearly unlimited potential , with promises of advances in areas like pharmaceuticals thanks to the ultrapure crystals that could be grown in a microgravity environment .
It was to be finished by 2004 , and it was to cost about $ 40 billion , shared by 16 nations , including the United States , Canada , Russia and the European Union .
Dynex , a subsidiary of Best Buy , encases many of its electronics accessories in two layers of PVC plastic , an outer layer soldered shut on the edges and then an inner one beneath that .
The Krishna and Christian Jesus Parallels
Robert Howard Kroepel
Copyright  2001
In comparing the Krishna and Jesus myths , some of the references of the Jesus myth are stories found in the so - called Apocryphal Gospels , the early Christian writings which were not accepted for the Christian Canon , which includes the Gospels of Mark , Matthew , Luke , and John , the Acts , and other letters .
Special note will be made of the Apocryphal Gospel references .
The Apocryphal Gospel myths are included because they give additional mythological information not found in the Canonic Gospels .
Because we are interested in the total Jesus myth , this additional information is included .
Here is a chart comparing the Jesus myth to the Krishna myth .
Comparison of the Jesus and Krishna Myths The Hindu Krishna Myth The Christian Jesus Myth 1 . Krishna is the son of the Virgin Devaki .
1 . Jesus is the son of the Virgin Mary .
2 . Krishna 's birth occurs while his foster father , Nanda , is in his native city to pay taxes to the king , King Kansa .
2 . Jesus ' birth occurs while his foster father , Joseph , is in his native city to pay taxes to the Governor .
3 . King Kansa tried to kill Krishna by ordeing the slaughter of all males born on the same day as Krishna .
3 . King Herod ordered the slaughter of all infants born on the same day as Jesus .
Source : St. Matthew , 2:16 .
4 . The Virgin Devaki is told by an angel , " In thy delivery , O favored among women , all nations shall have cause to rejoice . "
4 . The Virgin Mary is told by an angel , " Hail , thou that art highly favored , the Lord is with thee : blessed art thou among women .
...
Fear not , Mary , for thou hast found favor with God .
And , behold , thou shalt conceive in thy womb , and bring forth a son , and shalt call his name JESUS .
He shall be great , and shall be called the Son of the Highest : and the Lord God shall give unto him the throne of his father David :
And he shall reign over the house of Jacob forever ; and of his kingdom there shall be no end . "
Source : St. Luke 1:28 - 33 .
5 . The nativity of Krishna is heralded by a star .
5 . The nativity of Jesus is heralded by a star .
6 . Krishna is born in a cave .
The cave story is an indication of lower - class birthplace .
6 . Jesus is born in a cave .
Source : The Apocryphal Gospel entitled Protevangelion , supposedly written by James , the brother of Jesus .
The manger story ( wherein Jesus was born in a stable ) is an indication of a low - class birthplace .
7 . Krishna is visited in the cave by three wise men bearing gifts .
7 . Jesus is visited in the stable / cave by three wise men bearing gifts .
8 . The cave was mysteriously illuminated .
8 . The cave was illuminated so brightly Joseph and Mary 's midwife could not tolerate the light .
Source : The Apocryphal Gospel Protevangelion .
9 . Nanda is warned by an angel to flee from King Kansa by crossing the Jumna River with the infant Krishna .
9 . Joseph is warned in a dream to flee from King Herod into Egypt with the infant Jesus and the Virgin Mary .
10 .
The baby Krishna began speaking to his mother shortly after birth .
10 .
The baby Jesus began speaking to the Virgin Mary shortly after his birth , saying , " Mary , I am Jesus , the Son of God , that WORD which thou didst bring forth according to the declaration of the Angel Gabriel to thee , and my Father hath sent me for the salvation of the world . "
Source : The Apocryphal Gospel , The First Gospel of the Infancy .
11 . Krishna performs miracles in Mathura .
11 . Jesus performs miracles in the town of Materea in Egypt. 12 . Krishna is the second person of the Hindu Trinity : ( 1 ) Brahma , ( 2 ) Vishnu , ( 3 ) Siva .
Krishna is the incarnation of Vishnu .
12 . Jesus is the second person of the Christian Trinity : ( 1 ) God , the Father , ( 2 ) Jesus the Son , ( 3 ) the Holy Ghost .
13 . Krishna was crucified .
13 . Jesus was crucified .
14 . During the crucifixion , Krishna was wounded by an arrow .
14 . During the crucifixion , Jesus was wounded by a spear .
15 .
At noon on the day of Krishna 's crucifixion , the sun darkened .
15 .
From the sixth hour to the ninth hour on the day of Jesus ' crucifixion , the sun darkened .
16 . Krishna descended into Hell .
He raised the dead .
He brought back two boys from Hell .
16 . Jesus descended into Hell .
He raised the dead .
He brought back from Hell two boys , the sons of the high priest .
Source : The Apocryphal Gospel of Nicodemus .
John G. Jackson , Christianity Before Christ , American Atheist Press , P.O. Box 2117 , Austin , TX 78768-2117 , 1985 .
The crucifixion of Krishna : Thomas Inman , M.D. , Ancient Faiths , Vol. I , p. 411 , cited by Thomas William Doane in Bible Myths and Their Parallels in Other Religions , New Hyde Park , New York , NY , University Books , 1970 , p. 186 , cited by John G. Jackson , Christianity Before Christ , American Atheist Press , P.O. Box 2117 , Austin , TX 78768-2117 , 1985 , p. 80 .
These laptops has been replaced by our new LCTP laptops ( Lenovo ThinkPads )
Thinkpad T60
Performance
15.4 " WSXGA +
Thinkpad T61
Value
14.1 " WXGA Processor
Intel Core 2 Duo - T7200 , 2.0GHz
4MB L2 cache Intel Core 2 Duo - T7300 , 2.0GHz
4MB L2 cache Memory
1 GB ( Upgradable to 3GB ! ) 1 GB ( Upgradable to 4GB ! ) Hard Drive 120 GB SATA 120 GB SATA - 150 Display 15.4 " WSXGA + TFT resolution : 1680x1050 14.1 " WXGA TFT
resolution : 1280x800 Video / Graphics 128 MB ATI Radeon X1400
Intel GMA X3100 Optical DVD writer dual layer DVD writer dual layer Networking Built - in 10/100/1000
Bluetooth ( 2 Mbps ) Built - in 10/100/1000
Bluetooth ( 2 Mbps ) I / O Ports
1 DC-IN jack
1 VGA
1 RJ 45 LAN
1 RJ - 11 Modem ( Internal 56 k )
1 PCMCIA Card bus socket for PC Card Type II
3 USB 2.0 Ports
Fingerprint Reader 1 DC - IN jack
1 VGA
1 RJ 45 LAN
1 RJ - 11 Modem ( Internal 56 k )
1 PCMCIA Card bus socket for PC Card Type II
3 USB 2.0 Ports
Fingerprint Reader Battery Smart Li-Ion 6 cell battery Smart Li-Ion 4 cell battery Physical
6 lb
14.1 in ( W ) x 10 in ( D ) x 1.2 in ( H ) 5 lb
13.2 in ( W ) x 9.3 in ( D ) x 1.26 in ( H ) OS
Pre-loaded Red Hat / Fedora Linux , Ubuntu Linux ; distribution CDs included .
Optional Dual - Boot Install with Windows XP Pre-loaded Red Hat / Fedora Linux , Ubuntu Linux ; distribution CDs included .
Optional Dual - Boot Install with Windows Vista or XP Warranty
One year .
Upgradable1 .
Free 1 year warranty Upgrade1 Starting Price $ 2199 $ 1699
( Special until 11/24/07 )
$ 1999 $ 1599
( Special until 12/03/07 )
LCTP60 Linux Laptop :
Linux Journal Editors ( November 2006 ) : " The Lenovo ThinkPad models from the T series are relatively inexpensive , durably built , and the driver support in Linux is very good .
Wireless and wired network support , video and sound work well with most recent distributions out there .
These laptops run solidly for years and perform very well . "
Order Now
Upgrades :
Optional Dual - Boot capability ( Linux and Windows XP or Vista )
Memory upgrade special : Upgrade to 2 GB memory : $ 200 ( regular price $ 350 )
Memory upgrade special : Upgrade to 3 GB memory : $ 599 ( regular price $ 900 )
Certified Distributions :
LCTP has been certified with following distributions :
Ubuntu 7.04 ( Feisty Fawn )
Ubuntu 7.10
Fedora Core 6
Fedora Core 7
Open SUSE 10.3
CentOS *
Red Hat Enterprise Linux 4 *
Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5 *
Oracle Enterprise Linux 4 *
( * suspend , wireless and modem may not be supported with this distribution )
For LCTP
Series laptops , Linux Support is provided by experts at LinuxCertified .
Worldwide hardware support is provided by Lenovo .
To Order call : ( 877 ) 800-6873 ( US & Canada ) or Order Online
( 408 ) 314 6700 ( International )
All of above systems are in stock and will be shipped within three business days .
Standard US shipment charge : $ 38 per system ( UPS ground )
Call for international or other special shipping needs .
Questions ?
Send email to : info ( at ) linuxcertified ( dot ) com
1 Battery warranty is always one year only .
Introduction
This page is dedicated to the cryptographic hash function family called RadioGatn , which we presented at the Second Cryptographic Hash Workshop , Santa Barbara , August 24 - 25 , 2006 .
The design of RadioGatn improves upon the one underlying the Panama hash function .
The majority of other hash functions is based on the Merkle - Damgrd construction , which relies on a collision - resistant fixed - length compression function .
Instead , our design focuses on a variable - length compression function , based on the iterated application of a single round function on a state ; this is the alternating - input construction .
Furthermore , the state of RadioGatn is divided into two parts , one called the belt and the other the mill .
We say that it follows the belt - and - mill structure .
The operations used in this hash function are bitwise logical operations such as AND , XOR , NOT and cyclic shifts on words .
Actually , the size of words that RadioGatn processes can take any value between 1 and 64 , hence composing a family of hash functions .
Among the family , RadioGatn [ 64 ] , with 64 - bit words , is the default choice and is optimal for 64 - bit platforms .
For best performances on 32 - bit platforms , RadioGatn [ 32 ] , with 32 - bit words , can also be used .
Note that the security claims depend on the chosen word size , as specified in the paper .
One of the advantages of RadioGatn is its good performance .
In software , RadioGatn is quite competitive with SHA - 1 .
Also , RadioGatn is compact and extremely fast in hardware .
More information can be found in the files available on the right pane .
RadioGatn is not a sponge function
Note that RadioGatn does not make use of the sponge construction [ 1 ] and so cannot be called a sponge function .
Specifically , the differences between RadioGatn and the sponge construction are the following :
In the sponge construction the input is applied to and the output is extracted from the same part of the state .
This is in fact essential for the simplicity of the indifferentiability proof of the sponge construction .
In RadioGatn this is not the case .
this is not the case .
In RadioGatn there are a number of blank rounds between the application of the input and the extraction of the output .
There are no blank rounds in a sponge function .
Furthermore , RadioGatn predates the sponge construction .
In the RadioGatn paper the security claim was expressed with respect to something called an ideal mangling function , which is different from a sponge function .
The security claim is now expressed as a flat sponge claim ( see below ) , but this does not imply that the function has to follow the sponge construction .
Disclaimer
The RadioGatn hash function is a work in progress and serves research purposes .
It should not be used or implemented for other purposes than research .
Errata
A list of corrections ( version 2007 - 03-09 ) is available in PDF format .
Security claim
In the original RadioGatn paper , we formulated the claim using a so - called ideal mangling function .
This was an early attempt at what we now call a random sponge .
We now prefer to express the security claim for RadioGatn as a flat sponge claim [ 1 ] with capacity 19w , with w the word length ( e.g. , for RadioGatn [ 64 ] , a capacity of 1216 bits ) .
Basically , this comes down to saying that ( truncated ) RadioGatn[w ] is as strong as a ( truncated ) random oracle with respect to any attack , where the success probability of the attack is lower bounded by N2/219w , N being the computational effort of the attack expressed in terms of number of calls to the round function ( or in other words , as long as the effort of the attack is upper bounded by 219w / 2 calls to the round function ) .
Reference
[ 1 ] G. Bertoni , J. Daemen , M. Peeters and G. Van Assche , Sponge Functions , Ecrypt Hash Workshop 2007 .
Contact Information
 Friday bytes | Main |
Why " duh " ... is n't . 
" Success " should not mean " Management "
We might all say that career success should be measured by how fulfilled you are on the job , but in practice , most people and companies still measure success by how high you climbed the corporate ladder .
Clawed yourself near the top of the org chart ?
You ARE successful .
But if you 're not on a leadership track , playing the " my number of direct reports is bigger than yours " game , you 're probably not .
We all know this is lunacy , especially in the tech world , so why do so many companies still have only a single path for promotions ?
You either move into management or your career ( pay , benefits , perks , control , etc. ) stands still .
Is n't it about time we quit measuring professional success in one dimension , vertically , and start considering how much your actual work matches your desired work ?
And is n't it about time more companies started offering multiple career tracks , where management is no more valuable or important than the highly - skilled work of an individual contributor ?
( Sun is a good example of a company that offers two clear paths -- one for management , and one for individual contributors who'd rather bathe cats than be a boss . )
What happens when a company gives an employee no option for growth other than management ?
Yes , lots of individual contributors ( even programmers ) want the challenge of a management role , but some of the best feel forced into trading the work they love best for more " advancement opportunities " .
How senseless is it to take a star programmer and make her do Gantt charts ?
How lame it is to take your best designer and make him run budget meetings , review TPS reports , and consolidate time sheets ?
This post was partly inspired by Anne 2.0's Where Are The Women Redux , which ( among other things ) talks about conferences that claim they can't find enough women speakers because their are n't enough women in those top leadership roles .
Anne makes a fabulous point with :
" It s no surprise that you might find more  smart  women speakers elsewhere than in the upper reaches of large tech and media companies .
Part of being smart is weighing your options and making tradeoffs .
Women face a radically different opportunity landscape than do men .
I m not going to say one or the other landscape is better they re different .
But if you care about having more women as speakers at your tech conference , you might have to go with someone other than a senior level executive or dealmaker type . "
So , yes , I 'm thinking that we should wean ourselves from evaluating professional success on management level ( even if it 's within a company we started and own ) .
Rather than asking about someone 's rank , position , job title , number of direct reports , power , etc . we should focus on one simple question : how closely does the work you do match the work you want to do ?
We should start thinking of ways to make sure that kick - ass individual contributors can be compensated just as well as managers , so that they are n't torn between getting a promotion that sucks ( into management ) or sticking with what they 're good at and love , for less pay .
[ And yes , I realize that this is all way over - simplified with tons of big , tricky issues including the whole ugly mess about how some jobs ( engineers ) are considered so much more valuable than others ( teachers ) , etc .
But even if I were smart enough to take that all on ( I 'm not ) , we can't do it all in one blog . ]
We should start thinking in Venn diagrams instead of hierarchical org charts .
But I want to know what you think -- I 've seen this from only one side -- as an individual contributor who'd rather program in punch cards than do an Employee Performance Review .
Posted by Kathy on September 6 , 2006 | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d83451b44369e200d8342bc16653ef
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference " Success " should not mean " Management " :
 The measure of your success from CaffNero
Kathy Sierra : success is not how high you climbed the corporate ladder , its how much your actual job matches your desired one .
Brilliant . ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 7 , 2006 5:01:41 AM
 Measuring success from think mojo
A benefit of trying to look at things through inter- disciplinary lenses is you get to trawl far and wide trying to find things that are useful in making a point .
One of the places consistently producing the goods is Kathy Sierras blog , Creating ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 7 , 2006 6:00:56 AM
 Doing what you love to whom you love from The Extreme Presentation ( tm ) Blog
It is easier to be passionate about your work - and the presentations you make - if you are doing what you love to do .
Kathy Sierra has an interesting post about how to redefine success in terms of doing [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 7 , 2006 7:06:00 AM
 Creating Passionate Users : " Success " should not mean " Management " from LaptopHeaven 's Blog
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 7 , 2006 8:12:43 AM
 Success in the Church from likeafire.net
Creating Passionate Users : Success should not mean Management
This article from CPU prompted a series of thoughts in my head that I just couldnt stop .
The premise is that we measure success wrongly in business by eq ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 7 , 2006 8:20:24 AM
 Success vs. Happiness from JacobandMarcia
Lately ,
Ive become increasingly enamored with a woman named Kathy Sierra .
Ok , not really with her - I dont even know her - but with her writing .
Kathys post today is particularly striking .
Success should not mean &... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 7 , 2006 9:52:28 AM
 What is success and how can you get some more ?
from Management Craft
Love this post from Creating Passionate Users called , Success Should Not Mean Management .
We might all say that career success should be measured by how fulfilled you are on the job , but in practice , most people and companies still measure success [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 7 , 2006 2:30:17 PM
 How Do You Define Career Success ? from Bamboo You
At my new favorite blog , they 're talking about ways to define career success beyond the traditional ascend into managment route .
Among other things , Kathy suggests that companies need to seriously consider career advancement strategies that reward indi ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 7 , 2006 3:05:27 PM
 Intersting Finds : September 7 , 2006 from Jason Haley
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 7 , 2006 8:22:59 PM
 links for 2006 - 09 - 08 from Journal
Creating Passionate Users : " Success " should not mean " Management " " Rather than asking about someone 's rank , position , job title , number of direct reports , power , etc . we should focus on one simple question : how closely does the work you do match the ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 8 , 2006 6:14:22 AM
 What is success ?
from DataWebTect
Kathy has this wonderful post about the Success should not mean management and poses the following question .
Isnt it about time we quit measuring professional success in one dimension , vertically , and start considering how m... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 8 , 2006 10:44:40 AM
 I Love This Diagram from Knowing .NET
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 8 , 2006 2:44:16 PM
 Time to rethink what we mean by career progression by Phil Gott from Phil 's Weblog : People & Performance in Professional Service Firms
I love the diagrams on [ http://headrush.typepad.com/creating_passionate_users/2006
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 11 , 2006 7:10:22 AM
 Time to rethink what we mean by career progression by Phil Gott from Phil 's Weblog : People & Performance in Professional Service Firms
I love the diagrams on [ http://headrush.typepad.com/creating_passionate_users/2006
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 11 , 2006 7:12:37 AM
 How do you measure success ?
from Luc's Blog
How do you measure success ?
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 14 , 2006 6:39:29 PM
 Measuring Career Success from The Bell Curve Scar
Kathy Sierra nails it : ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 27 , 2006 4:27:19 PM
 Geek Smatterings : Coworkers , Stern , Success , Curvatiousness , Thom from Dave Burke
ANNOYING COWORKERS , AN ACADEMIC PURSUIT .
This anonymous email message service to annoying coworkers is [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 29 , 2006 11:12:27 PM
 Can you get excited ?
from Public Speaking Sucker
Could part of your problems with public speaking be that you have to make presentations on topics that you just can't get excited about ?
If that 's the case , software creator , Kathy Sierra asks whether the success you 've had climbing the [ Read More ]
Tracked on Oct 3 , 2006 2:03:58 PM
 Success Is Subjectively Defined from Success Resources
There is one wonderful post written by Kathy Sierra in redefining success , Success should not mean management .
The diagram drawn by Kathy ( below ) summarized the truth of Success .
What is Success ?
The best definition that fit Success can ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 23 , 2007 5:19:35 AM
Comments
Yes !
" Professional success " is not necessarily the same as success in your life .
After all , we should all be doing what we love ( http://www.paulgraham.com/love.html)
Keep it high !
Antonio
Posted by : Antonio | Sep 7 , 2006 12:03:45 AM
Absolutely right !
I 've been pondering for some years how it would be possible to make this work .
What ( and how ) do you have to do to companies or the economy or some_other_thing to somehow continuing to reward people for what it is that they are good at .
The thought first came to me when in some engineering management subject ( slightly ironic that even back at uni they were paving the way for people to enter management ? ) they spoke about the " Peter Principle . "
The obvious question seemed to me was " if everyone is promoted to their level of incompetence - why do n't we stop ? "
Of course , the answer to that is basically that if you stop so do all of the benefits that go along with advancement .
So what is it that has to change to ensure that you can :
1 ) affect a corporate change so that it is competence that is rewarded and not vertical position
2 ) ensure that there is no stigma attached to staying put .
Quite apart from the fact that ( as you point out ) people feel forced into a management position that they may not enjoy ( and which they may not be any good at ! ) , as you push that person into that management role you lose the often considerable ability and _knowledge_ that goes with them .
The other thing to bear in mind is that all of this assumes that the skill set that makes you good at doing something at one end of the org chart by definition makes you good at the other end .
But that just simply is n't true !
I 've had a small number of really good managers in my time - and neither they nor I were under any illusion that they knew the intricacies of what I was doing .
And they did n't have to either .
You only need to have a look at the broad results of some personality tests to see that there are vocations that attract small clusters of personality types .
Those personality types do n't necessarily mean that they are going to be good with people .
Or task setting .
Or decision making ...
One of my mottos in life is " experience is being able to say ' I think I 've stuffed up like this before ' " - the problem with pushing people away from the areas in which they have developed this experience ( eg. development roles ) is that you lose touch with the people who might well be able to solve problems in 5 minutes that it takes less experienced people weeks to work out .
Here 's hoping that we can all come up with a plan ! :-)
Posted by : omni | Sep 7 , 2006 1:03:34 AM
Sun has a cat bathing progression path ?
What about dog whispering ?
Posted by : Mathew Patterson | Sep 7 , 2006 1:04:16 AM
I would say that both perspectives apply to some extent .
We are all happy or unhappy as individuals , but our environment work like nature to some extent , i.e. survival of the fittest .
With scarce resources ( money ) , we are very much aware of people richer or more successful than us , and vice versa .
This may just be my venn - diagram speaking ..
Incidentally , I purchased a wacom tablet recently , also wanting to get into the mindmapping - game on my mac .
But I can't seem to figure out how to make these drawings in mindmanager ( the trial version ) or freemind , except if I paste it from Ink into preview , save it as an image and insert that into the mindmap .
How do you do it ?
Posted by : Vincent van Wylick | Sep 7 , 2006 3:00:55 AM
My measure of success would be how robust is my ability to move from job to job at will .
I 've heard it said that real producers tend to view life as a smorgasbord of opportunities and experiences to try out , but I feel that you need a certain level of expertise and training to get to that point , or you 're little more than an itinerant .
So my criteria for success within a given job is , is it giving me the experience and skills I need to move on to another job I 'm more into ?
Am I getting where I want to go , or am I being locked out of opportunities ?
Frankly I 'd be happy if I never go into management - I just wanna geek . :-)
Posted by : Matt Moran | Sep 7 , 2006 3:53:22 AM
Sometimes , the path to success involves leaving the company , because there is no place to move up .
I enjoy my current work , but to get better pay I have to go somewhere else .
My boss is aware that I have been applying for other jobs , and he understands my dilemna .
He values me as an employee and does not want to lose me .
So , we met and he said , he cannot offer me the same pay as those other jobs , because our work depends on grants and money is tight , but he did say ,
" What can we do to make you happy " .
Although more money would be great , I was pleasantly surprised by this comment , and perplexed .
One is so used to thinking of success in terms of salary , that to be in a position to come up with other endpoints is much more ..... personal .
I am now in the position of asking myself , instead of more money , what things will make me happier in my job .
Still thinking on that one ...
Posted by : Mary - Anne | Sep 7 , 2006 4:12:26 AM
You have hit right on a nail in my flesh : )
Sure many of us would have loved to go further and further in tech track , but how many people have how many choices with kids to look after and mortages to pay ?
Many organizations as I have seen , mostly those mamothian IT houses , pay a great developer a fraction of an average sales guy or deal maker .
And they are not ashamed of it nor do they care .
However , the silver lining I found is that many small or mid-size product and tech companies are very open and try to do things differently .
But then again , if you are stuck up in an economy or geography with fewer opportunities , you are in a manhole .
To some extent like in art , one got to know when " passion - of - work " succumbs to the " pain - of - survival " .
Maybe someday
Kathy will show us a cute graph where they intersect , when a geek says yes to hierarchy climb and agrees to live his life in ppt hell .
Posted by : s | Sep 7 , 2006 6:04:04 AM
Kathy ,
Great post .
Your venn diagram ( circles ) looks eeriely similar to the approach that Ricardo Semler ( of The Maverick fame ) advocates .
His book , The Seven Day Weekend is really cool .
Posted by : Radha Mukkai | Sep 7 , 2006 7:19:11 AM
A company that truly values deep technical knowledge should allow one to follow technical pursuits without giving up the freedom and reputation that typically come from management roles .
I work for a place called Cigital , and here we have a forked path of progression .
The pay scales up exactly the same on either path - but on one path , you get more time to raise business , manage , and really get to know clients .
On the other path , you get time to research , write technical books , and otherwise really get into technical detail .
Business and Technical managers are expected to manage projects together , but with very different roles .
I do n't mean to advertise .
I say this because it makes a real difference , helps us grow and attract fun people to work with , and these are things you can use to convince your managers who miss writing code .
Posted by : Ben Walther | Sep 7 , 2006 7:21:34 AM
venn diagrams rock : http://indexed.blogspot.com/
i think in some places management is a necessary evil .
it seems like that how life goes ... you learn all this stuff from the people on top , your mum , your teachers , your trainers ... and then once you 've learned it you go on to have your own little babies / students / trainees .
or something .
but only in some places .
and why can't there be exceptions ?
it would be really cool if my dad could make as much as he does as head engineer for doing the underling jobs he likes much much better .
Posted by : amelia | Sep 7 , 2006 8:31:12 AM
Brilliant post with general applicability ...
I would liken climbing , grasping market competition to the corporate hierarchical model for career success .
And the venn identity success model when applied to organizational goals does n't require dominance as a measure of success .
I love your quick insightful grasp of complex matters , Kathy .
Posted by : Frank Paynter | Sep 7 , 2006 8:49:26 AM
Amen .
That is exactly the message of Marcus Buckingham .
He has an impressive web site :
http://www.marcusbuckingham.com/film/index.php
I just bought the film , which is quite powerful .
I 've always felt the key to career success is to find a place where you can do what you do best , and love doing ... and have someone give you money for that !
Posted by : Paul | Sep 7 , 2006 9:09:36 AM
Kathy ,
I agree entirely .
I posted a few months ago - http://www.bellubbi.com/wordpress/2005/12/09/how-successful-are-you/
" To try and quantify it we could use a simple equation : happiness = a /b where , a = number of tasks that you do out of your own volition ( tasks that you enjoy doing ) and b = number of tasks that you are forced \asked to do without your complete approval
If the number you come up with is greater than 1  You re lucky !
and more importantly I think you re pretty happy in your job .
If you find the number is less than 1 ; find out what you think your spin is on money , power and popularity and you can start framing the answer to the question we started off with  What does it mean to be successful ? "
Posted by : Kiran Bellubbi | Sep 7 , 2006 9:16:18 AM
For some of us , the answer comes by splitting our time between two ( or even more ) positions .
Since I like food far too much to ever want to be a starving artist , I 've taken a part - time job .
My job tasks are not heinous , my co-workers are a blast , my pay is steady ( even though it 's not very high ) , and my insurance needs are covered .
And the best part is that I have half a day every day to do my artwork and market it , pray for sales , etc etc .
According to the Venn diagram , my circles are probably about 3 / 4s overlapped , thanks to my RWJ being so pleasant .
Posted by : Cyndi L | Sep 7 , 2006 10:24:13 AM
Kathy ,
So true .
Back in the 80's I was a Director of a software company and hated it .
I so wanted just to be left alone with vi .
The president of that company had the same idea : " Why not have a technical career path with the same opportunities for advancement as a management career path ? "
But he did n't have time to implement that before we were swallowed by much bigger fish ( first Convergent , then Unisys ) .
Posted by : Sterling Camden | Sep 7 , 2006 10:39:33 AM
Kathy ,
I 'm not sure if you 're familiar with David Maister .
He 's the guru of professional service firms , and he 's recently talked about this topic quite a bit .
He argues that most top professionals make subpar managers because the traits needed to succeed are so different .
[ And he proudly admits that there will never be an " and Associates " behind his name because he knows he does n't want to be a manager ! ]
I think the central challenge to breaking the hierarchy is measuring the economic benefit of different types of work .
It 's EASY for HR to do comparative surveys and establish artificial grades and pay scales - essentially creating a set of pay buckets that managers can subjectively sort people into .
Measuring the economic impact of each of a set of developers is trickier .
Most large companies make the economic choice of having a simpler value judging mechanism vs. losing potential top performers who know they 're worth more .
In areas where measuring value is easier ( e.g. , Sales ) , compensation is more directly tied to that perceived value .
There 's also the issue of regulatory compliance that makes the complicated bucket system more attractive , but that 'll get me started on a rant .
So I 'll stop now .
Great post as always !
Mike
Posted by : Mike DeWitt | Sep 7 , 2006 11:19:09 AM
Timing could not be better .
just had a obligatory " performance review " today .
and as an side - effect started to think about my own career development ( or the lack of it ) in traditional terms .
Posted by : jps | Sep 7 , 2006 12:13:11 PM
This really hits home for me as an entry level software engineer who is trying to decide which path I eventually want to take .
I 'm not at that crossroad now , since I 'll need to be doing what I 'm doing for a while anyway , but it is something that I think about a lot .
For me , I might enjoy the challenges of management , but I already enjoy what I 'm doing , so I 'm not sure if I would really change anything .
One thing that I know is that I do n't want an entry level salary for the rest of my life , and I 'm pretty sure that a software engineer 's ( even a senior one ) salary wo n't compare to a manager's .
I would absolutely love it if your idea here became true .
It would be like professional sports ( like baseball ) , where it 's the PLAYERS that get paid the big bucks , not the managers ( although the managers get paid pretty well , just not as much as the players ) .
Posted by : Sean C. | Sep 7 , 2006 12:25:31 PM
Since in all fairness a manager has to earn more than his employees , whether or not a reluctant techie moves into management depends on whether or not his greed outweighs his desire for job satisfaction .
This has always been the case .
I think it always will be the case .
I do n't believe there is a technical job that does n't command a salary well above the national average so the only reason for not making the mortgage payment on a techie salary is that you bought a house that was too expensive .
Greed .
We can't escape it .
It 's why so many IT and engineering managers are jerks .
Well , that and the fact that managing techies is really stressful .
Posted by : S. | Sep 7 , 2006 12:36:17 PM
S. posted :
" Since in all fairness a manager has to earn more than his employees ... "
With articles about challenging assumptions still fresh in my head ...
( http://headrush.typepad.com/creating_passionate_users/2006/08/assumptions_hav.html)
Why ?
Why do they ?
And if they currently must , what things / attitudes have to change to make that not the case ?
Posted by : omni | Sep 7 , 2006 4:59:04 PM
About career tracks , Steve McConnell uses an interesting model at Construx , or at least , did when he published " Professional Software Development : Shorter Schedules , Higher Quality Products , More Successful Projects , Enhanced Careers " .
The model is described in one of the late chapters of the book .
To summarize , the employees are encouraged to develop their skills in different knowledge areas ( inspired by SWEBOK ) , but they decide which areas they want to evolve in .
Management is just one skill among others .
It 's probably one of the most interesting books I read over the year ( kind of pleased my software engineering undergraduate ego ) .
http://www.amazon.ca/Professional-Software-Development-Schedules-Successful/dp/0321193679/
Posted by : Louis - Philippe Huberdeau | Sep 7 , 2006 5:04:19 PM
Maybe we should start using these companies that we shape our lives around by being their employee ( slave ) as a stepping stone for running our own businesses .
Then implement our beliefs of how people succeed at work into our business .
Not so easy .
If the position were leader and not manager maybe people would feel more successful .
Managers make sure people do the work .
Leaders inspire people to do better work .
Posted by : Devion Ayers | Sep 7 , 2006 10:55:41 PM
This is a very large and complex issue ...
Years ago I worked with a fellow who was offered a prized promotion , only to turn it down because he liked ' making widgets ' and ' did n't want the increased stress ' .
I understood his decision , having made a similar one a while earlier , and congratulated him on his choice .
Most others in the company were confused , some upset and a few outright angry .
In the end , it was accepted that he was ' giving up ' the climb and settling in till retirement ( over 10 years away , but I always find it interesting how decisions are excused ) .
This fellow knew what you are talking about , knew what he wanted , and was happy to stay where he was .
He also knew that in making this decision his pay and conditions would stay the same .
In that company , at least , little has changed .
This is just the start of what I think is a very long conversation ...
Posted by : Michael Vanderdonk | Sep 8 , 2006 1:59:02 AM
Utopia , pure Utopia .
People that share your view ( myself included ) are a very small minority and due to that belief never ( seldom ) reach positions where they can actually make a difference .
Humans strive on dominating other humans so as to payback the harm that has been done to them by people in similar situations in the past ( stupid considering they should be harming those who harmed them ) .
The cycle is self - nurturing and will not break anytime soon .
Posted by : CV | Sep 8 , 2006 5:49:31 AM
I think you set a good bar here for those of us who want to be managers . :-)
My goal is to help craft strong teams working on a good goal , and I need to work on making sure my team gets the opportunities they need to grow professionally .
On the other hand , I am aware of a number of people who do n't want to be managers , or , particularly , be managed .
And that 's not OK .
All jobs require some level of management , and if you do n't want to do it , you need to learn how to work with people who do .
( I 'm not saying , of course , that you have to respect the Pointy - Haired Bosses who climb the org chart because it 's there .
Only that you ought not assume that every manager is one . )
Posted by : Joe | Sep 8 , 2006 5:59:06 AM
The comments to this entry are closed .
Everyone has heard of the canary in the coal mine , which sways or drops dead in the presence of poisonous gas , alerting miners to get out .
Now a University of Montana research team has learned to understand the collective buzzing of bees in their hives , which can provide a similar biological alert system .
But bees evidently provide a lot more information than canaries .
The researchers , who work for a UM spin - off technology company called Bee Alert Technology Inc. , have found that the insects buzz differently when exposed to various poisonous chemicals .
 We found bees respond within 30 seconds or less to the presence of a toxic chemical ,  said Research Professor Jerry Bromenshenk .
 The military is interested in that for countering terrorism .
But the real surprise was that the sounds bees produce can actually tell what chemical is hitting them . 
The insects also make different sounds when attacked by honeybee maladies such as varroa mites or foul brood .
This may lead to applications that help beekeepers maintain healthy hives .
 We can tell not only whether the colony has mites or not ,  Bromenshenk said ,  but also the level of infestation they have .
The sounds they make change with every stressor in characteristic ways . 
Scott Debnam , a Bee Alert field technician and self - described  bee whisperer ,  said people have known for centuries that hives make a different sound when the queen is removed .
Now modern listening equipment and computer software have revealed a secret bee vocabulary much more intricate than previously thought .
advertisement
Bees lack sound - making organs , but they buzz by vibrating their wings and bodies and pushing air through spiracles -- tiny airways used for respiration .
Debnam said Bee Alert discovered the unique hive sounds two years ago while studying how bees react to a poisoning event .
The bees were filmed , recorded and counted , and it soon became apparent that sound was the best medium for determining if something toxic had entered the hive .
 We poisoned them with off - the - shelf stuff like acetone and malathion -- the types of poisons they might encounter in an agricultural situation ,  he said .
 They responded within 30 seconds , which is amazing . 
Debnam said bees recycle the air in their hives every three minutes and never sleep , so they can provide 24 - hour air monitoring , seven days a week .
 With some chemicals you can hear they do nt like it ,  he said .
 With the solvent toulene , for example , you hear their buzz go to BZZZZZZZZZZ just like that . 
For most chemical agents , however , a more exacting instrument than the human ear is needed .
UM electronics technician Dave Plummer designed a listening device that s basically a human hearing aid on a stick .
However , if you leave it in a hive for an extended period , all you will hear is  crash , crash  noises as the bees try to pull the foreign object out of the hive or plug the end of the microphone .
So Plummer had to create a special screen cage to protect the microphone .
advertisement
The device records the same type of  . wav  audio files used for digital music .
UM software engineer Larry Tarver designed a mathematical algorithm that allows a computer to analyze these files .
 Most of the time for bees their normal sound range is 200 to 400 hertz ,  Tarver said .
 When they get dosed with something , they really go to a high amplitude . 
He said his program creates a running average to weed out incidental noises such as doors slamming or horns honking .
Bee Alert s Colin Henderson , a faculty member at UM s College of Technology , then examines the audio samples with statistical analysis software .
The end result is an electronic signature for each type of chemical or malady affecting the honeybees .
 To be honest , when I was collecting sounds in the field , I thought ,  Oh , this is nt working ,   Debnam said .
 But I was wrong .
You just ca nt hear this stuff with the human ear . 
Bee Alert uses  smart hives  filled with electronics to monitor bee colonies , and these can be adapted to monitor hive sounds .
So if a hive is sprayed with chemicals or invaded by pests or diseases , the sounds can be analyzed and a signal sent immediately via satellite to a beekeeper s computer or cell phone .
The researchers also hope to create a handheld listening device that beekeepers can use on hives to instantly tell whether the bees are healthy .
 What we are trying to do is revolutionize bee technology ,  said Steve Rice , an electronics engineer and COT instructor .
 Patents are pending on a lot of this . 
The new audio technology also helps distinguish different bee species .
Debnam said there already is a device that can tell the difference between 100 percent European honeybees ( the agricultural standard ) and 100 percent African bees ( also known as killer bees ) .
However , European and African bees interbreed , and the Bee Alert audio technology seems to detect when they have intermingled .
 You do nt want Africanized bees ,  Rice said .
 They get angry easily . 
There also is some evidence the audio technology can differentiate between the multiple types of beneficial European honeybees used in agriculture .
This can be useful to the Montana beekeeper , for example , who needs Russian honeybees instead of the Italian variety that are more susceptible to mites .
A simple swipe of a handheld device and the beekeeper knows if the bees she ordered are right .
Besides doing statistical analysis to study bee noises , Bee Alert is using artificial neural networks to examine the buzzes .
Information systems manager Robert Seccomb said ANN technology can recognize complex patterns on sonograms and is used a lot in voice - recognition software .
 It s not 100 percent accurate , but it s a lot quicker than statistical analysis ,  Seccomb said .
 Once we build up a sufficiently large library of recordings , I m pretty sure ANN will give another method of analyzing the sounds . 
He said if the statistical analysis method and ANN both agree on the meaning of a buzz ,  we ll know pretty much what the answer is .
If one says  yes  and the other says  no ,  then we will say this is a questionable one , and you should check it out anyway . 
Honeybees are vitally important to the success of humanity -- not because they produce honey but because they pollinate the majority of our crops .
Debnam said Albert Einstein once claimed that if all bees disappeared tomorrow , then all people would follow a scant four years later .
 We think this new technology can help bees and revolutionize beekeeping ,  Debnam said .
 If you took a picture of beekeeping from 1947 , it would look just like a bee yard today -- with the same smoker and other tools .
Our audio technology might be one of the bigger things to come along . 
Over the past few years the failed War on Drugs has eradicated thousands of acres of American asparagus .
And , love it or hate it , asparagus is nt even an illegal drug .
One of the misguided policies pursued by the White House over the years is to encourage South American coca- producing countries to grow other plants instead .
And they have .
Not that it s done anything to cut down coca production .
The Andean Trade Preferences and Drugs Eradication Act , passed in 1990 , provides that products from Peru and Colombia , such as asparagus , can be imported free of tariff .
Somebody actually had the bright idea that this would convince farmers to switch from coca , which also can be imported free of tariff .
Many did , of course .
But there s still lots of money in coca , so many others did not .
The White House Office of National Drug Control Policy
Web site currently notes that the Peruvian coca acreage , mostly in the highlands , is the highest it has been in eight years .
Meanwhile , the small country has become a powerhouse in asparagus production along its Pacific Coast lowlands .
Peruvian asparagus production has multiplied 18 - fold .
The industry has developed a vigorous market and attracted sizable capital investment .
Meanwhile , the Washington industry is a shadow of its former self .
Acreage has been cut by 71 percent to just 9,000 acres .
In 2005 , Seneca closed the world s largest cannery in Dayton , Columbia County , and shipped its state - of - the - art equipment to  no surprise  Peru .
So did Del Monte , when it closed its Toppenish plant .
 Seattle Times
Now I m all for getting rid of tariffs  for the right reasons .
Trying to encourage the production of one plant over another is not a right reason , especially when there is no good reason for one of them to be outlawed .
This is what we re trying to tell you about the U.S. war on drugs .
The people running this thing will screw over American farmers while pretending to protect our nation s interests .
If they did nt anticipate this outcome , they are incompetent and should be permanently enjoined from drafting economic policy .
And if they did anticipate this inevitable outcome , and took no action to mitigate it , they should be jailed for treasonous malfeasance and fed forever on the bitter canned fruits and vegetables of their hypocrisy .
 Stop the Drug War
Hypocrisy and politics go hand in hand .
You ca nt get elected to high office if you are nt a hypocrite .
The trade preferences act , which has driven American asparagus out of the country , is up for renewal this year .
It s time to stop renewing it , end this utterly lost war on some drugs , and bring our asparagus home .
Posted by Big Gav
The Baltimore Sun has a good op - ed piece on the effects of Hurricane Katrina , an oil supply chain that is " stretched to capacity " and the link between global warming and increased hurricane strength .
AS LOUISIANA , Mississippi and Alabama today cope with the terrible material and human devastation left in the wake of Hurricane Katrina , the entire nation -- while thankful that the hurricane was not as lethal as feared -- braces for a fierce oil - price storm in its aftermath .
As Katrina blew in , the prices of crude oil , gasoline , natural gas and heating oil hit all - time highs .
The Category 5 storm forced the evacuation of oil and natural gas rigs in the Gulf of Mexico that account for as much as 30 percent of U.S. production , the closing of the Louisiana port that handles 11 percent of U.S. crude imports , and the shuttering of gulf coast oil refineries that are the major source for East Coast markets .
The worldwide supply chains for oil and natural gas -- already stretched to capacity and vulnerable to the slightest political tremors -- are no less fragile in the face of savage formations of wind and water .
It turns out that if below - sea - level New Orleans has been a national disaster just waiting to happen , so also is the dense concentration of energy production , importing and refining along the gulf coast -- one with concrete national security implications .
For the last week , water temperatures in much of the gulf have been higher than average , as warm as 90 degrees .
Such warmer waters fuel the formation and ferocity of hurricanes .
Warmer oceans are an inseparable by - product of global warming , and it 's foolish to ignore the link to the burning of fossil fuels .
In coming days and weeks , if Hurricane Katrina drives further home this nation 's Faustian overdependence on oil , it also should highlight the environmental damage that results from that dependence .
From oil to oil , this storm -- the fiercest to strike the gulf coast in decades - should put the spotlight on a vicious cycle in which America has rapped itself .
Royal Dutch
Shell said an aerial inspection of its Mars platform , which produces 147,000 barrels of oil and 157 million cubic feet of gas per day , showed some damage to its upper deck .
BHP Billiton
Ltd chief executive Chip Goodyear has said the price of crude oil could fall up to $ US20 per barrel in the next 12 months .
When asked to estimate the price of oil per barrel in 12 months time , Mr Goodyear said : " I think you are looking at a range of probably $ US40 - $ US50 ( per barrel ) " .
Mr Goodyear was speaking at the Forbes Global CEO Conference in Sydney .
Mr Costello told Southern Cross Radio that higher output from oil producers is the best way to bring petrol prices down .
" I think we 've got to raise our voice about OPEC and the production of oil , " he said .
" If the world could get the production of oil increased , that would be the most concrete thing that could lead to a lowering of the petrol price , " he said .
The Iranian government 's plans to create an oil exchange fit into a strategy of weakening US economic hegemony .
Is the biggest threat Iran poses to the United States really its nuclear ambitions - or is it petropolitics ?
The scariest thing for me here is not the flimsiness and the stupidity of the rebuttal , but the CONFIDENCE and the LACK OF INTEREST IN THE REALITIES OF THE WORLD that they are pronounced with .
Even scarier , however , is that these commentators are smart people with high IQ , regarded throughout the world as authorities in economics .
When these two talk , many listen .
Of course people respond to incentives !
Of course markets will attempt ( as they have been attempting for a long time , without success ) to find substitutes within the same basic economic structure .
However , is there a physical law stating that an adequate substitute , fitting into any existing infrastructure and cost structure , and satisfying the needs of any living arrangement , has to exist ?
I wish the freakonomists were there with me during my various travels -- from Mexico to Greece to Alaska -- where I saw communities of various scales abandoned and in ruins because the populace could n't find at sufficient cost and quantities the resources they have come to depend upon , from water to arable soil to fish in the sea to mineable minerals .
What if the vast literature dedicated to discussing the inadequacy of all currently known putative replacements for cheap oil has a point ?
I guess there is a broad issue here that , in terms of advice governments get , we rely on economists , and I do n't want to nag economists as a class , there nice people , some of my best friends are economists , but there 's this belief that the price mechanism will sort out all problems , that supply and demand will come into equilibrium eventually and that the rising price of any good will make alternatives more attractive and make exploration and development of that particular product more attractive and therefore more will be found .
The underpinnings of that analysis are that there is always more to be found , that there is no natural limit , and I guess there 's a clash between the man -made laws of economics and the universal fundamentals of the laws of physics , and I think the laws of physics are always going to win .
So , as we find oil , for example , becoming more and more expensive to find , it does n't mean that , with the price of oil going up it 'll always be worthwhile doing it .
If it costs you more than a barrel of oil to get a barrel of oil out of the ground , then it does n't matter whether the barrel of oil 's worth a hundred dollars or a million dollars , it 's not worth doing .
While many Western countries were looking at Somalia 's resources before the country 's descent into civil war , those countries may find getting their concessions back not as easy as getting them in the old days .
Some concessions formerly held are now hard to trace because they existed in parts of the country that are no longer parts of the current country .
New concessions may be hard to get as the government attempts to legislate the management of its natural resources before it gives its okay to explore and pull any of those resources out of the ground .
New readings from the European satellite Envisat suggest that this year 's southern hemisphere ozone hole may be one of the largest on record .
The hole covers an area of 10 million sq km ( four million sq miles ) - approximately the same size as Europe .
It is expected to continue expanding for two to three weeks .
There have been signs over the last two years that damage to the ozone layer has reduced , but a full recovery is not expected until around 2050 .
Sometimes a picture says a thousand words - some before and after shots of the Mars platform .
New Orleans seems to be a complete mess now , with the death toll and damage assessment still uncertain , and martial law has now been declared .
Moving on to a more general news roundup , BHP CEO Chip Goodyear has predicted the oil price will fall over $ 20 per barrel next year .
While I imagine Chip has access to better data than Steve Forbes , I still do n't see how anyone could predict this unless there is a large amount of demand destruction somewhere .
There are no reports about damage to the company 's Mad Dog or Atlantis fields as yet .
There seems to be a few demonstrations going on around the city today against the conference , though I have n't seen anything around my neck of the woods other than a few helicopters circling and the occasional police car heading north .
Treasurer Peter Costello was on TV tonight showing that he is just as out of touch with the global oil market is he is with a lot of issues within the country , saying that the solution to high oil prices was international pressure on OPEC to pump more oil .
Perhaps they should have asked Malcolm Turnbull for a more informed view .
The Christian Science Monitor has an interesting article on the proposed Iranian oil bourse - " Iran 's oil gambit - and potential affront to the US " , the creation of which is probably the worst sin the mullahs could commit in the eyes of the US government .
As Malcolm Fraser would say - achieving global hegemony was n't meant to be easy .
James Howard Kunstler has a guest column today from Dmitry Podborits who takes a dim view of the Freakonomics take on peak oil .
One of my pet gripes with the seemingly commonly held view amongst Libertarians and economists that peak oil is n't a problem as " the market will take care of it " is my belief that the market does n't guarantee anything other than " efficent " allocation of resources and balancing supply and demand via prices - nothing more .
If you can't find a better replacement for a particular good or service you have to make do with an inferior one - the market wo n't conjure a better , cheaper and less environmentally harmful one out of thin air , no matter how hard you believe it will happen .
Andrew McNamara said much the same thing in his recent interview Rigzone reports that " Resources Under Somalia May Once Again Become Accessible " , with " Chevron and ConocoPhillips crossing their fingers that their former concessions in northern Somalia will be honored now that the country is coming out of nearly a decade and a half of chaos . "
Given that the transitional government has n't dared base itself inside the country yet I 'd say this could be a slow process .
Treehugger has a number of interesting posts today , inlcuding one on rising oil prices boosting the value of recycled plastic , one on US tax credits for installing solar energy systems and finally an example of energy waste par excellence - skiing in Dubai Finally , in an example of how long it takes to arrest environmental changes , the BBC reports on major ozone loss over Antarctic .
Asexual reproduction leads to a faster accumulation of bad mutations , says a report in this week s issue of Science .
Indiana University evolutionary biologists used the water flea ( Daphnia pulex ) to establish their findings , which support the hypothesis that sex is an evolutionary housekeeper that efficiently reorders genes and removes deleterious gene mutations .
Interestingly , the study also suggests that sexual reproduction maintains its own existence by  punishing  individuals of a species that meander into asexuality .
The researchers say that the ability to reproduce asexually may be useful to organisms that ca nt get mates , but its long - term benefits arequestionable .
 It is known that sex is common in plants and animals , and that asexual species are typically short - lived , but why this should hold throughout evolutionary time is a great mystery ,  said study leader Susanne Paland .
 Our results show that asexual deviants are burdened by an ever - increasing number of genetic changes that negatively affect the function of their proteins .
It appears sex is important because it rids genomes of harmful mutations . 
Sexual reproduction is a complicated , biologically costly business .
In mammals , sex is usually preceded by intricate mating behaviors .
It requires the compatibility of sexual structures , an insertion event , fertile eggs and sperm , and the successful unification of egg and sperm into a viable zygote .
All of this adds up to a big energy investment  energy an organism might have used for other purposes .
It s no surprise then , that scientists have long pondered what it is about sex that justifies such a big energy investment .
One of the most widely accepted explanations has been that sexual reproduction confers the benefit of unlinking genes , so that bad versions of genes wo nt always get to hitch a ride with the good versions .
This theory contends that natural selection operates optimally when parts of the genome are free to shuffle about .
And the new report provides evidence that this is indeed the case .
The researchers say that in the water flea , sex appears to have enabled the separation of beneficial and deleterious versions of genes , so natural selection could act more efficiently in favoring the good and weeding out the bad .
To establish this , they used mitochondrial genome data to compose a phylogenetic tree depicting relationships among sexual and asexual strains of water flea sampled from ponds over a diverse area .
This family tree reveals that sexual populations have recently and repeatedly spun off asexual strains .
By comparing rates of protein evolution , the researchers found that the asexual lines accumulated bad mutations four times faster than sexual lines .
 Although there has been solid theory on the matter for quite some time , these results provide the first definitive proof at the molecular level that sexual reproduction magnifies the efficiency of natural selection in eliminating deleterious mutations from populations ,  said co-researcher Michael Lynch .
Paland and Lynch reason that if a switch to asexuality causes a big increase in the number of protein defects , a mechanism for removing those defects must somehow be missing when sex , too , is missing .
The present report supports the notion that it is sex  or the genetic recombination that is a component of sexual reproduction  which is the purifying force that helps get rid of genetic mishaps that harm the overall evolutionary health of a population .
Source : Indiana University
Science , technology and the revolution brought by PCs surely took their toll on our life 's most intimate aspect , the sex life .
From vibrators , spermicide sponges and the massively used pill , to electronic stimulators and the online porn industry , you name it ; love making is definitely not what it used to be decades ago .
As this is a software review and not a column about sex , I 'll cut the story short , I would n't want to set your mind off Macintosh applications .
While men got the best out of computers and the Internet ( I 'm evidently referring to gaming , porn and chats ) , from the sexual point of view , women have to benefit too from the software industry .
Today I 'm going to review a very nice and helpful application for the OS X Mac operating system that will help women to be more in control of their monthly biological cycle and to get a reliable fertility councilor .
This software is called iKonceive and it's developed by eSellsoft .
The program will enable the user to record all relevant data about the aspects of the monthly cycle .
iKonceive will accurately compute all this data to provide with information on fertility .
This information is surely very valuable , since it can be used both as an indicator for when it 's most likely to get pregnant and also to prevent unwanted conceptions ( this is known as the " natural " contraception method and it implies the woman would calculate , using several parameters , the days in which she is fertile and avoid intercourse on those days ; the calculations are not that simple and miscalculation often take place ; if you 're not great at maths , do n't rely on your computing ) .
For the program to provide the necessary information about the fertility status , the user must write down every day the required parameters .
The more accurate the user 's data is , the more confident she will be the data provided is correct .
iKonceive analyzes fertility considering two major aspects : the basal body temperature ( BBT ) and the cervical mucus ( CM ) .
Using the data provided by the user , the program puts up charts showing the fertility status evolution , considering each of these aspects .
The user will be provided with an overview of the monthly chart .
The charts can be customized according to the user 's cycle length ( the default number is of 28 days , but this value is not necessarily accurate for all women ) , and the temperature can be recorded and displayed both in Celsius and Fahrenheit degrees .
The program will act like your very own gynecologist .
It will record the daily aspects of your menstrual cycle , notes about your cervical mucus , health state , mood , will remember whether and when you had intercourse , and will allow you to write down all that you 've experienced and you fell it would be relevant to remember in the future .
You should accurately fill in the data for all these aspects to get the best out of iKonceive .
The graphs showing the evolution in basal body temperature and the cervical mucus are both comprehensive , easy to read , color coded and customizable , so you 'll have no problem with understanding the delivered results .
I see this kind of tool as very helpful for all women .
Most importantly , if you carefully record the required data , you 'll be storing a very accurate medical chart concerning your monthly cycle , you can monitor the evolutions and keep track with what 's going on with your body .
Health is by no means something to be neglected .
Equally , it 's very important to keep track of your fertile days , either if you 're hoping to have a baby , or if you wish to avoid becoming pregnant .
The Good
iKonceive is a very useful tool that allows women to keep an eye on their fertile days and also monitor their reproductive health .
The interface is very nice , it 's easy to install and use and it's well featured and accurate .
The iKonceive help is also well developed and you can always check with it when not sure on the usage .
The Bad
I think iKonceive is perhaps a little too expensive at $ 30 .
I also did n't like the fact that I could not add a new day that is prior or after the current date ( or enter two different days at the same time ) .
Women have lots on their mind and it's very likely they could miss to fill in the data for one day and this should n't disrupt the recordings .
Other than this , I really enjoyed the software and it's clear to me much work was put into its development .
The Truth
iKonceive is well developed , easy to use fertility monitor for Mac OS X .
It 's priced at $ 30 and it can be tried out for free , but you can only fill in one cycle .
If you were looking for such a tool , iKonceive is a good pick .
Here are the screenshots :

http://www.courts.go.jp/hanrei/pdf/5DC0E6DAEC784F5649256DD70029B153.pdf

AB

 FJF





423447

FJFJFJJXX-p6K
JFF

mmHgmmHg



mU/ml mU/ml ) 


FCTX63030
3087

230
OK


 

    
52000


 
by emptywheel
( Photo by Kuni Takahashi / Chicago Tribune )
No , I do n't mean Fitzgerald is a shiny object .
In fact , he looks downright morose , sitting next to one of the men who has shredded our Constitution .
( Though notice , Fitz wore his seersuckery gray suit we made fun of in the trial -- wearing his Sunday best for AG AG , I see ! )
What I mean is the shiny object of the November 27 meeting .
If you click through and watch the video , you will see precisely what question got Abu Gonzales so scared he ran away :
When did you approve the final list of USAs to be sacked ?
" It was sometime in the Fall of 2006 , " Abu Gonzales answered , then showed Chicago the hand and walked away .
It 's a curious answer and an equally curious moment to abandon the Press Conference .
After all , as I pointed out just after the most recent document dump , the November 27 meeting , at which Abu G purportedly approved the list , does not answer the outstanding questions -- not about the gap , and not about the decision to fire the USAs .
Most importantly , that November 27 meeting still does n't explain how we go from wondering whether Harriet 's boss needs to approve the firings on November 15 ( just as Bush left town for two weeks ) to when the WH says " we 're a go " on December 4 , just after Bush has returned to DC .
Call me crazy , but I suspect there 's a very good reason Abu G is being so vague -- and skittish .
Wanna bet that November 27 meeting is not what he 's most worried about ?
( NOTE FROM JOHN : AJ is a former Department of Defense civilian Intelligence Officer who was decorated for his recent civilian service in Iraq . )
National security professionals , especially those on the Democratic / progressive side , are currently in a weird place with regard to Iran .
Virtually anyone with any military , foreign policy , or Middle East expertise thinks that it would be an absolute disaster to act militarily against Iran .
We understand that a ground invasion is logistically impossible , an airborne attack would not end nuclear development and might even accelerate it , and either " option " would result in massive recriminations against U.S. troops in Iraq and possibly counter - attacks against U.S. interests and allies in the region and beyond .
In short , people who know about these issues ( and plenty who do n't , but have an iota of common sense ) view any kind of attack against Iran as so monstrously wrong - headed , so profoundly against U.S. interests , as to be beyond the realm of possibility .
Some of these people are even irritated with those who are anxious about an Iran strike simply because it is , to them , incomprehensible and impossible .
I 'm not unsympathetic to this position .
I , too , think it would be disastrous to take military action against Iran .
I think it would represent all the worst aspects of the Iraq war -- manipulated intelligence , overheated rhetoric , ideology overtaking reality , greatly harmful to U.S. foreign policy , etc. -- without even the superficial salve of democracy - promotion , and I think the blowback in Iraq would be swift and severe .
But here 's the thing : I have no faith in the current administration to recognize any of this .
I believe it is unlikely we will attack Iran .
Various reports in recent years have predicted attacks on Iran and been wrong , and I think there would literally be a near - mutiny from senior military officials were they ordered to attack Iran .
However .
Stranger things have happened , and we are dealing with a president who does n't feel constrained by public opinion or an electoral future , and he keeps increasing the rhetoric and accusations against a nation that has no more ability to harm U.S. national security than Pakistan or North Korea or any number of similarly equipped states .
So in the face of irresponsible administration words and policies , yes , there is a responsibility to push back .
And that 's not to say Iran is n't an adversary :
One can recognize that Iran is a potential threat and a hostile actor without advocating counter - productive violence .
Diplomacy .
Engagement .
Carrots and sticks .
These things could all be accomplished by a competent administration , and all are lacking .
Similarly , the press should ask questions about half - cocked assertions rather than producing absurdly - sourced schlock that makes the Judith Miller years look incisive .
When this administration acts like it wants to do something horrifically foolish , it 's not unreasonable to think that it might , y'know , do it .
Whether " everyone " thinks it 's a crazy idea does n't seem to have any bearing on the actual decision - making process , which is why it 's absolutely responsible for Congress and the American people to assert opposition to idiocy in Iran policy just as vigorously as that stupidity is being advocated .
P2 Koncerten
For Concerto Copenhagen er der ikke noget nyt i at skifte de moderne strenge ud med gammeldags tarmstrenge , men Andreas Brantelid har ogs sat tarmstrenge p sin cello for at matche orkestret til dette barok / klassiske projekt .
Musik af Telemann , C.P.E. Bach , W.F. Bach og Haydn .
Andreas Brantelid , cello .
Lars Ulrik Mortensen , cembalo og musikalsk ledelse .
( Dronningesalen , Det Kongelige Bibliotek 26 . september ) .
Vrt : Mette Greiffenberg .
www.dr.dk/p2koncerten
( Sendes ogs natten til mandag 00.05 ) .
Vis mere
War profiteers have benefitted handsomely from the war in Iraq .
They 've done it with little oversight .
In my opinion , anyone who commits fraud or waste or abuse in a war zone is guilty of treason .
They endanger the lives of our soldiers for profit :
[ Special inspector general for Iraq reconstruction Stuart ]
Bowen 's comments came in testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee , as lawmakers complained that assessing fines is not enough to stop the billions of dollars in waste , fraud and abuse plaguing Iraq reconstruction projects .
Auditors last month told Congress that about $ 10 billion has been squandered by the U.S. government on Iraq reconstruction aid because of contractor overcharges and unsupported expenses .
The U.S. has appropriated more than $ 38 billion for Iraq relief and reconstruction , including some money for security forces and economic programs , according to the latest quarterly report from the special inspector general , released in January .
Assessing fines is n't enough .
War profiteers should be in jail doing hard labor .
Of course , for the past four years of the war , there was no oversight .
Leaders of the oversight committees , like Susan Collins who chaired the Senate Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee , shunned their responsibility .
Collins would not hold the Bush Administration accountable for the war that she helped them start .
Kay in Maine exposes the real Susan Collins at Turn Maine Blue .
Over the past few years , Susan Collins had a chance to be a bold , independent leader , like her predecessor Margaret Chase Smith .
She did n't .
She did the bidding for Bush .
Scientists at London University 's Imperial College have gained a new insight into the earliest days of our solar system through a new analysis of some of the oldest , most primitive , metorites found on Earth .
The meteorites , all of which date back to the earliest days of the solar system , and predate our planet by a substantial period , are almost devoid of the so - called volatile elements , such as zinc , sodium , and lead , as is the upper mantle of Earth .
The nebula around the proto - sun would initially have been relatively rich in these elements , which leaves astronomers to puzzle over the question of when and where did these elements go ?
The researchers propose that volatile depletion - the process by which these elements were knocked out of the matter that condensed to form the planets - must have been one of the first things to happen when our solar system was forming .
Not only that , but they suggest that this process , whatever it was , could well be an inevitable part of planetary formation , and not just a local phenomenon .
Scientists have known for a long time that volatile depletion must have been an early process , but have not been able to say if it ocurredas the planets were forming , or some time later .
" Studying meteorites helps us to understand the initial evolution of the early Solar System , its environment , and what the material between stars is made of , " Dr Phil Bland , from Imperial 's Department of Earth Science and Engineering , who led the research , explained .
" Our results answer one of a huge number of questions we have about the processes that converted a nebula of fine dust and gas into planets . "
The researchers based their conclusions on an analysis of around half of the 45 primitive meteorites around the world .
The work has been published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , USA . 
Deer Hunting is not just a season .
It 's a way of life .
 How to host a product / feature design party | Main | Random Tuesday Links 
Helping users " feel the fear and do it anyway "
We 've said before that reducing fear might be a killer app ... making something users were previously afraid of feel less threatening .
Wesabe does this for personal finances .
Dr. Laurie Kemet does this for a trip to the dentist .
And Electric Rain does this for 3D .
Our books try to do this for programming .
But what about a step beyond that ... where you help them do something that just IS really , seriously , scary ?
Making only things which are friendly and easy is not the holy grail of design .
Reduce my fear or guilt , and I 'll be grateful .
Help me do something that really IS scary , and I 'll be grateful and exhilarated .
I 'll be forever changed , and your company , product , or service will be linked to that change .
To reduce fear means taking something perceived as scary and showing users that it 's not .
But not everything can be made to appear friendly and easy and safe .
Like Apple 's Logic .
The learning curve is steep , it looks overwhelming and intimidating , but the payoff can be high .
What if instead of removing advanced features that make a product inherently daunting , it 's OK to say to users , " This IS hard .
Really , frickin' hard .
But we 'll get you through it . "
Sometimes , with some products , it 's OK to say , " We can't make this any easier or less scary , but we can help you come out the other side . "
A short time ago I went on the Sydney Bridge Climb .
At night .
It was the most frightening thing I 've ever done .
But when it was over , I felt braver , stronger , and different .
I 'll never forget the Bridge Climb , and I 'll probably be recommending it for the rest of my life .
We can reduce guilt :
We can reduce fear :
But helping a user be afraid and do it anyway is a powerful force .
We should n't be too quick to over - simplify a product or experience .
Of course , it 's up to us to get our users through the big , challenging , thing -- there 's a big responsibility for stellar documentation and support .
And we 're talking moral support , not just tech support , so building a user community is even more important with something really , really , scary .
I 've talked before about the benefits to us when we do something scary , but maybe we can help give those benefits to our advanced ( or trying to be ) users .
So , what scary thing have YOU done lately ?
Posted by Kathy on March 18 , 2007 | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d83451b44369e200d83464156b69e2
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference Helping users " feel the fear and do it anyway " :
 My Thoughts on SXSW Interactive from Direct2Dell
Know I 'm late with this , but it 's been a pretty busy time , and I think it 's still worth sharing .
It was [ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 19 , 2007 2:31:12 AM
 mShop the Fear Away ! from The Adventures of the Swashbuckler
According to many experts ( including Kathy Sierra ) , companies should help customers to confront their fears .
The Swashbuckler has been saying this all along .
In fact , he 'd like to take it up a notch .
He 'd like to dare you , yes , DARE [ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 20 , 2007 1:58:34 PM
 Resource roundup for March from Engaging the Disquiet
Here are some of the best resources out there for helping you work with different aspects of your Disquiet .
They cover good stuff for health , the workplace , family , inspiration .
As a fun bonus , I added a cool guy thing that actually has serious functio ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 21 , 2007 6:30:30 AM
 Feel the fear and publish anyway from Coaching Wizardry
There 's been some discussion over at Creating Passionate Users about the most scary thing that people have done recently .
( This is in the context both of software and the Sydney Bridge Climb - an intriguing combination ! ) .
It has been interesting [ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 25 , 2007 2:42:03 PM
Comments
Originally worried about being " dooced " , I was hesitant to talk too much about my company on my blog .
Finally I decided that even if I was removed from my position at my work , I 'm not entirely happy there anyway , so I should post freely damning the consequences .
I also decided to update my resume and portfolio and beat them to the punch .
Ok , not anything close to climbing the Sydney bridge , but it was scary for me at first .
Posted by : Dave C. | Mar 19 , 2007 12:58:29 AM
I went snowboard in the alps last week .
I 've been teaching myself to snowboard ( and got pretty good , if I do say so myself ) but for the first time ever , I decided to hire an instructor for a 2 - hour private lesson .
He took a look at my style , fixed it on one or two points - and then it was time to learn to jump .
That is pretty scary the first few times , but he managed to emphasize the fun and defuse the fear , mostly by not talking much about it but simply doing it .
The fear was reduced by :
* Doing it rather than talking about it
* Early failure - Once I 'd fallen doing a jump and discovered that " No , it does n't hurt " I was more free to push myself
* Progressing at the right pace
* Just in time information - do n't tell me everything up front
* Passion - teach me to enjoy it , rather than to do it perfectly !
* Praise -
When I got a jump about right , I could see him applauding
It was so much fun that next year , I 'm getting a helmet and back protector and going for some serious airtime :o )
Posted by : Alexander Kjerulf | Mar 19 , 2007 3:30:48 AM
In my work , I have been privileged in watching clients overcome or , more accurately , move through and beyond intense fear .
I was involved in founding an adventure programming company that often has clients doing things like balancing on the top of a telephone pole 12 metres in the air and leaping off into empty space , or allowing a group of strangers ( or worse , a group of colleagues ) to physically lift them over or through an obstacle .
Or drawing the courage to tell their boss that that they disagree with the solution (s ) offered , and suggesting a better way .
There 's really no way to convey in a few words the power these experiences can have for people .
Unfortunately , without a meaningful context and skilled facilitation they risk becoming " failure opportunities " or merely " activities we did at work " ( or school , or the court made us do ) .
If you want to provide clients the opportunity to be scared , you need to ensure that they know that they are safe and that there is a pay - off for the discomfit .
Most important of all , they need choice - the ability to choose not to do it .
The rewards for continuing are then so much greater .
I feel proud and privileged to have seen so many people challenge themselves in such meaningful ways over the last 17 years .
It has enriched my life and it helped give me the courage to let go of that ( my company , my dream , my passion ) and pass it on to others so I could move onto a new challenge , a new dream and a new career .
Returning to full - time study was the scariest thing I ever did .
( I still get to help out my old company now and then .
It 's still a buzz to participate in clients ' journeys of discovery and growth ) .
My clients remain my best teachers ...
Posted by : Tim | Mar 19 , 2007 6:17:10 AM
" A short time ago I went on the Sydney Bridge Climb .
At night . "
Endorphin included .
What a rush !!
Posted by : Peter | Mar 19 , 2007 6:30:01 AM
Is that what Laurie Kemet 's office looks like ?
Damn , I 've been going to the wrong dentist . . .
( Are we going to see you in her ads soon ? )
Posted by : John Windsor | Mar 19 , 2007 7:21:02 AM
I tell clients all the time , " You are scared ?
Ok ... do it scared .
That 's perfectly fine " .
I jumped out of an airplane while deathly afraid of heights .
I started my own business in a field which had n't gotten much respect ( or attention ) yet - and I 'm still fighting .
I backpacked through Europe and performed on the streets .
I 'm attempting to get employment in a [ ny ] non-traditional job .
I traveled throughout the United States alone by van .
This does n't even cover the stuff I 've done over my 42 years , and I hope I 'll never be able to list out all the things I have conquered ...
I encourage clients to do things they have never done by ' practicing ' by doing new things .
I encourage people to try a new thing every day ( even if it 's a meal ) and maybe go to a new place every weekend ....
I then coach them to discuss with me - most often , they will notice that it was n't as bad as they feared , or they learned something important from the experience itself about overcoming fear .
Their " discussion " seems to be as important as the activity its ;ef , as they learn how to process this information for themselves - they also get to listen to their own descriptions .
Posted by : Lauren Muney | Mar 19 , 2007 7:52:17 AM
I recently did a F.A.S.T defense course .
It was very scary !
It 's a " reality based " self - defense course .
The whole process is to get you ready to deal with the end " attacks " where people in 40lb protective suits take you on .
Search YouTube for " fast defense " , you might even see me in one of the videos :)
Posted by : Erik Kastner | Mar 19 , 2007 9:06:35 AM
I bungee jumped in Queenstown NZ at the site of the original bungee jump .
There 's a museum there that does its best to scare the bejesus out of you , then of course comes the actual jump ...
They will not push you .
You have to jump .
To help you get over the hump psychologically , they tell you to look out to the horizon where there 's another bridge in the distance , and to jump as if you 're going to fly to that bridge .
Then they count backward from 5 .
When they got to 2 , I knew I could do it .
What a rush !
It was almost as scary as skydiving . :)
Posted by : Derek Scruggs | Mar 19 , 2007 9:22:26 AM
Lauren Muney wrote :
" I tell clients all the time , ' You are scared ?
Ok ... do it scared .
That 's perfectly fine ' . "
What a great way of thinking about fear !
I 'm going to give that advice to myself :)
Thanks !
Posted by : Reed | Mar 19 , 2007 10:16:06 AM
I was having a pint with a friend when he told me he was on his way to an improv class .
I told him stuff like that freaked me out .
" Then you have to come , " he said .
It was awesome !
Hilarious !
Exhilarating .
One more fear off the list .
Plus : the teacher is cute .
I 'm going back this week .
Posted by : Chris | Mar 19 , 2007 11:11:59 AM
Q : So , what scary thing have YOU done lately ?
* Moved to a city where I did n't know anyone
* Went to work for myself
* Started a business with a partner , bootstrapped the business , then raised funding
* jumped a horse around a course of obstacles five feet in height .
( that 's always terrifying but incredibly exhilarating )
Posted by : jocelyn | Mar 19 , 2007 11:18:08 AM
Q : Scary ?
Guy A1 : I went to war .
Guy A2 : I dodged the draft .
Gal A1 : I had the baby .
Gal A2 : I did n't .
Posted by : roleplaying Nancy | Mar 19 , 2007 11:29:33 AM
Scary thing ?
A solo trail ride ... bareback .
Do horses still test your fears , or are you past that ?
Posted by : michelle | Mar 19 , 2007 12:02:04 PM
i quit my job with nothing to go to , and no idea how to get paid to do what i wanted to do .
best thing i ever did .
[ i also went white water rafting down the zambezi river .
much less scary - at least it would have been a very glamorous way to die . ]
Posted by : cheryl | Mar 19 , 2007 4:59:15 PM
How does one encourage people who are very afraid of flying - also , could the Airlines do anything ?
Posted by : security | Mar 19 , 2007 10:45:38 PM
OMG Kathy !
Wesabe is AWESOME !!!!!!
I am absolutely terrified by finances ( for some personal reasons ) and we 've been trying to figure out a way to get a better idea of how much we 're spending , but I just could n't bring myself to figuring it out .
Wesabe makes it * easy * .
THANK YOU !!!!!!
Okay -
I know that I 'm going nuts on the exclamation points but you do n't see me here crying on the couch with relief , or waiting for my sweetie to wake up tomorrow so I can show him " I DID IT ! "
Posted by : Anna | Mar 20 , 2007 3:32:30 AM
Most recent scary thing ?
Going to the dentist yesterday !
Seriously though the most challenging thing I 've done recently is give up secure , paid ( exhausting ) employment to travel a bit , write a bit , and work for myself .
Although it took me a long while to psych myself up to the point of handing in my notice when it came to the crunch I just took a breath and jumped - maybe this is like the moment of standing on the bridge ?
But not all scary things are like that - you can help people overcome fear by breaking the process down into small , manageable chunks .
That way they start to feel bigger and the scary thing starts to shrink .
Posted by : Account Deleted | Mar 20 , 2007 4:04:20 AM
Thank you for this post !
In my heart I am liberated as a Tech Writer , although the company I work for would never approve of this kind of honesty .
On the other hand , maybe all this can be done without saying , " this is really hard . "
Maybe the correct tone and breakdown of concepts and tasks can present a very complicated topic in a simple , unintimidating way .
Tone and information architecture can go a long way in de-stressing a complicated topic , in my opinion .
Posted by : Todd | Mar 20 , 2007 9:22:10 AM
I quit my government job , and moved 1200 miles to support my brother in his business venture .
It is worth it but it was and still is scary .
Posted by : Sarah | Mar 20 , 2007 12:22:20 PM
Thanks for the stories , everyone .
For those of you who quit your job and stepped into the abyss ...
I know how scary that can be .
Fortunately , I was pushed off or I might never have done it , and now I 'm so glad that I did .
Alexander :
These points are VERY helpful , thanks :
The fear was reduced by :
* Doing it rather than talking about it
* Early failure - Once I 'd fallen doing a jump and discovered that " No , it does n't hurt " I was more free to push myself
* Progressing at the right pace
* Just in time information - do n't tell me everything up front
* Passion - teach me to enjoy it , rather than to do it perfectly !
* Praise -
When I got a jump about right , I could see him applauding
Anna :
So , tell us how you really feel about Wesabe .
I mean , do you like it ? ; )
Joanna : " But not all scary things are like that - you can help people overcome fear by breaking the process down into small , manageable chunks .
That way they start to feel bigger and the scary thing starts to shrink . "
Well put .
Security :
There ARE airlines that have fear - of - flying programs ...
I think American has one , and Frontier did , and some non-US airlines as well .
Certainly , it 's in their best interest to do so .
I 've never been to one ...
I have ( or rather had ) a fear of heights , but no fear of flying .
On second thought , I DO have a fear of flying overseas with a screaming child in the seat behind me who likes to kick .
Longest .
Flight .
Ever .
Jocelyn : Five feet !?
Oh my ... I think my record is 2 ' 6 " ... what the " pony club " hunter / jumpers do .
But then , I 'm on an Icelandic , so the kids at the barn are impressed .
I do send my horses over jumps ( without me on them ) that are higher than I 'd ever ride ; so they 're much better at it than I am .
Posted by : Kathy Sierra | Mar 20 , 2007 1:16:42 PM
Whenever I get a new internee for my Oracle database administration tasks , I intentionally scare the hell out of them , by asking them to give me the RMAN incremental backup of friday two weeks ago .
Hardens them for the future .
Posted by : Fahd Mirza | Mar 21 , 2007 11:32:07 PM
Thank again .
Posted by : ceza | May 1 , 2007 3:01:57 PM
thank you
Posted by : chat | May 7 , 2007 5:33:11 AM
thank you
Posted by : chat | May 7 , 2007 5:41:42 AM
Car Electronics
Mobile Phones | Cellphones
China mobile phones wholesale and manufacturers , Find cheap mobile phones , and discount deals on the latest mobile phones , and Derect Buy it online from Chinatronic.com
Posted by : Chinatronic.com | May 12 , 2007 8:45:37 AM
The comments to this entry are closed .
Each day , it seems , marketers go further in their quest to deliver messages so engaging and personalized that one cannot help feeling special .
The latest step will be seen today in four cities when Mini USA begins delivering custom messages to Mini Cooper owners on digital signs the company calls  talking  billboards .
The boards , which usually carry typical advertising , are programmed to identify approaching Mini drivers through a coded signal from a radio chip embedded in their key fob .
The messages are personal , based on questionnaires that owners filled out :  Mary , moving at the speed of justice ,  if Mary is a lawyer , or  Mike , the special of the day is speed ,  if Mike is a chef .
The experiment adds a new wrinkle to the wrangling among marketers and safety experts over whether drivers might be dangerously distracted by messages flashed on the growing number of digital billboards around the nation .
Some communities have forced billboard owners to modify or turn off such signs , and the federal government has said it will soon publish a review of the research on the subject .
The enthusiastic guinea pigs for the Mini experiment will be more than a thousand Mini owners in New York , Miami , Chicago and San Francisco who have signed up for what the company calls  an ever - changing array of unique , personal , playful and unexpected messages . 
How Marijuana Disrupts Memory Formation
In Rats
The reason why your stoner friends can't remember all too well begins to become clear by looking at the effects that marijuana compound tetrahydrocannabinoid ( THC ) has on the brains of rats .
Neuroscientist David Robbe of Rutgers University and his colleagues tested the impact of THC and a synthetic cannabinoid on rats that had their heads restrained .
The drugs affected certain brain waves : the theta ( four to 12 hertz ) and fast ripple ( 100 to 200 hertz ) waves diminished significantly , whereas the drug had a slightly lesser impact on gamma ( 30 to 80 hertz ) waves .
Because theta and gamma oscillations are thought to play a critical role in creating and storing short - term memories -- and fast ripple oscillations may allow such short - term memories to be moved into long - term storage -- this suppression could mean missing memories for the rats .
The stoners ought to try to remember the details of this research to think about it next time they take a toke .
The THC caused hippocampus nerve signal firings to fall out of sync and to fire less powerfully .
The rats had been trained to alternate their routes through a maze and the rats on THC did a far worse job of remembering which route to take next based on which route they took previously .
Normal rats accurately alternate their routes about 90 % of the time .
But rats given THC , which caused asynchronous nerve firing , chose a random direction on each run , and so chose the correct route 50 % of the time .
The disruptive effect of THC wore off within a few hours .
Robbe says he hopes to find out whether chronic exposure to the drug causes lasting effects on the hippocampus in rats .
Scientists studying people have found that long - term marijuana users gradually become worse at learning and remembering things ( see Pot - smoking your way to memory loss ) .
Neurons that spend a lot of time firing in some different way in response to a drug probably reconfigure somehow in response to the different pattern of firing .
Brains strengthen and weaken connections in response to stimuli , whether those stimuli come from the environment or from drugs or an interaction of the two .
What I 'd like to know :
What does the THC do to change the development of a fetal hippocampus ?
Fossil hunters working in Ethiopia have unearthed the fragile bones of a baby ape - girl who lived 3.3 m years ago , the earliest child ancestor discovered so far .
Named Selam , meaning " peace " in the country 's languages , the creature belongs to a species called Australopithecus afarensis , the same as Lucy , the famous adult female discovered in 1974 and believed to be a forebear of the human genus , Homo .
The fossilised remains reveal a critical moment in human evolution that saw our earliest relatives shaking off the legacy of ape ancestors to take their first tentative steps along a path that ultimately led to modern humans .
The remarkably complete skeleton's lower half is almost perfectly adapted to walking upright , while the upper body is more primitive , with gorilla - like shoulderblades and curved chimpanzee - like fingers suited to clinging and climbing trees .
The intact skull and nearly full set of teeth show the large , pointy canines that distinguish apes from early humans have disappeared , leaving only substantial chewing teeth .
The discovery , reported in the journal Nature today , has delighted scientists who say it will help unravel some of the most pressing questions about how our earliest ancestors lived .
Zeresenay Alemseged , at the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig , who led the study , said : " There 's no other fossil as complete as this one that is older than the neanderthals .
When you look at her , you can tell what she looked like .
She has a face and that in my opinion is a huge addition to our understanding of what our human ancestors looked like , not only 3.3 m years ago , but when they were three years old . "
The discovery has already sparked debate over whether the species walked upright or swung through the trees .
Some scientists argue the ape - like shoulders and hands are merely " evolutionary baggage " , inherited but unused .
Others believe the creature would have lost its curly fingers and gorilla - ish shoulders if it did not spend time in the trees .
" We need to do more work to be sure , so we can't say we know yet , but this seems to be a perfect and capable bipedal species that was also capable of dwelling in the trees , " Dr Alemseged said .
The team spent thousands of hours over five years excavating the fossil from a sandstone sediment block removed from a steep hillside in what is now the Dikika region in north - east Ethiopia .
The child seems to have died where a freshwater stream from the country 's uplands drained into a shallow lake .
" The region would have attracted animals dependent on permanent sources of water , such as early relatives of crocodiles and hippos , " said Jonathan Wynn , of the University of South Florida , a co-author of the report .
" The first thing that strikes you about the skeleton is how tiny it is .
You want to cradle it . "
A big question is what the foot bones will reveal when their sandstone casing is removed .
Chimp - like grasping toes will tip the argument in favour of a well - developed climbing ability .
When the fossil is completely uncovered and cleaned , the team plans to create a model of Selam , revealing in three dimensions how she would have looked shortly before her death .
First signs of the birth of humanity came 6.5 m years ago when the earliest human ancestors split from chimpanzees .
It was a further four million years before humans truly emerged with Homo habilis , a species with a brain size 50 % that of a modern human and only a rudimentary proficiency with stone tools .
Chris Stringer , an expert in human evolution at the Natural History Museum in London , said : " This is a very special find .
It 's not until we come to intentional burials by Neanderthals and modern humans in the last 100,000 years that we otherwise find such well - preserved infant remains , because of their fragility . "
The ascent of man
6.5 m years ago
Earliest human lineages split from chimpanzees and gorillas , but share many traits with the apes .
5.8 m years ago
The oldest human ancestor , Orrorin tugenesis , emerges and is thought to walk on two legs .
4m years ago
Australopithecus arrives with a brain no larger than a chimp's .
Makes home on the savannah and develops teeth for chewing tough food .
2.5 m years ago
Homo habilis , right , the first modern human genus emerges .
It has a brain half the size of humans today and begins to use primitive stone tools .
2 m years ago
Homo ergaster arrives with a smaller face and teeth , but slightly larger brain .
Develops hand axes and may have begun to harness fire .
1.8 m years ago
Homo erectus or Java man , the first true hunter - gatherer settles in Asia .
600,000 years ago
Homo heidelbergensis lives in Africa and Europe .
Its brain is similar in size to a modern human's .
230,000 years ago
Neanderthals arrive in Britain and Europe .
195,000 years ago
Homo sapiens appears , but it is a further 45,000 years before the first signs of speech emerge .
95,000 years ago
The diminutive " Hobbit " people , Homo floresiensis , is believed to emerge in Indonesia .
By Adam Brimelow
BBC News , health correspondent
The study suggests activity levels are not affected by access to sports
The EarlyBird programme in Plymouth has won acclaim after tracking the development of hundreds of children .
Its findings fundamentally challenge the government 's strategy to prevent obesity by raising activity levels .
Ministers say there has never been a commitment to long - term funding , as the research budget is stretched .
Researchers taking part in the study , based at Derriford Hospital , are painstakingly mapping the development of more than 300 children from across the social spectrum .
The aim is to find out more about what lies behind diabetes and obesity .
Every year the children are fitted with accelerometers , which record activity over the course of a week .
They are worn around the waist like pedometers , measuring movement ten times a second .
Findings ' startling '
This gives the researchers a comprehensive picture of just how energetic they are - from the moment they get up until time for bed .
The findings are startling .
Take two children on the study - both healthy .
Government would very much like to focus on physical activity , do n't you think ?
Professor Philip James
International Obesity Task Force
Stephanie Chapman , 11 , loves long - distance running at a local track with her friends .
She said : " I think it 's really good because you can really come on , you 've got to do it .
" You can hear them in the distance and when you come back again they 're going well done Stephanie !
It 's really like Wow !
I can do this ! "
But Chloe Harris , nine , is much more into singing than sports .
" After a while my legs always begin to hurt , and so do my arms , and things , and also they tire me out and I lose my breath quite a lot . "
But the researchers have found that when you look at overall activity levels across the week , Chloe does more than Stephanie .
Professor Terence Wilkin , the programme director , said the amount of exercise children get was genetically set , and had nothing to do with access to sports facilities .
Genes may control how active a child is
" Those children who had little opportunity at school to undertake activity were bouncing around after school whereas those who'd had a lot of opportunity during the course of the school day settled down , and did relatively little , " he said .
" The most important thing ( was ) if you added the in - school activity to the out - of - school activity , they were exactly the same . "
That is not the only surprise .
Professor Wilkin said children 's activity levels had no bearing on their body mass index - their risk of obesity .
" Even looking over a period of years , because we repeat these measures year by year in these children , we have been unable to show any relationship between the physical activity that a child undertakes and his BMI . "
Food industry
If true , these findings cast serious doubts on the government 's strategy to halt the increase in childhood obesity by the end of the decade , largely by encouraging physical activity .
Professor Wilkin said it was based on unproven prejudice - that today 's children do not exercise as much as previous generations .
His work is widely respected and has produced more than 30 papers in peer - reviewed journals .
But despite local donations and private backing the study is in financial crisis , and his team say ministers have refused to meet them .
Professor Philip James , from the International Obesity Task Force , said it was much easier for the government to concentrate on promoting sport rather than taking on the food industry .
" This is the biggest manufacturing sector in the whole of Europe .
It 's bigger than the defence industry .
" It has enormous political and strategic power .
Government would very much like to focus on physical activity , do n't you think ? "
Budget pressures
Professor James says it is vital that the EarlyBird Study continues its work as the children move on through adolescence .
In a statement the Public Health Minister Caroline Flint said : " Given the immediacy of the target to reduce obesity , the Department 's Obesity Programme team is under pressure to identify effective interventions to tackle the problem , and cannot commit its resources to supporting longitudinal studies such as EarlyBird , which lends itself to long - term research funding from a suitable funding body .
" There are huge demands on a finite research and development budget , and most work is funded through competitive tendering exercises . "
I had always thought that the possible consequences of giving someone a bad grade did n't go beyond minor unpleasantness * .
Apparently , I need to think again .
" They picked up the wrong people , who had no information .
In many , many cases there was only some vague association " with terrorism , one CIA officer said . "
There 's a new story about rendition in the Washington Post .
Specifically , it 's about cases in which we kidnapped people , held them incommunicado , and in some cases transferred them to the intelligence services to be tortured , because we thought they were terrorists -- but oops !
we were wrong :
" After the September 2001 attacks , pressure to locate and nab potential terrorists , even in the most obscure parts of the world , bore down hard on one CIA office in particular , the Counterterrorist Center , or CTC , located until recently in the basement of one of the older buildings on the agency 's sprawling headquarters compound .
With operations officers and analysts sitting side by side , the idea was to act on tips and leads with dramatic speed .
The possibility of missing another attack loomed large .
" Their logic was :
If one of them gets loose and someone dies , we 'll be held responsible , " said one CIA officer , who , like others interviewed for this article , would speak only anonymously because of the secretive nature of the subject .
To carry out its mission , the CTC relies on its Rendition Group , made up of case officers , paramilitaries , analysts and psychologists .
Their job is to figure out how to snatch someone off a city street , or a remote hillside , or a secluded corner of an airport where local authorities wait .
Members of the Rendition Group follow a simple but standard procedure : Dressed head to toe in black , including masks , they blindfold and cut the clothes off their new captives , then administer an enema and sleeping drugs .
They outfit detainees in a diaper and jumpsuit for what can be a day - long trip .
Their destinations : either a detention facility operated by cooperative countries in the Middle East and Central Asia , including Afghanistan , or one of the CIA 's own covert prisons -- referred to in classified documents as " black sites , " which at various times have been operated in eight countries , including several in Eastern Europe .
In the months after the Sept. 11 attacks , the CTC was the place to be for CIA officers wanting in on the fight .
The staff ballooned from 300 to 1,200 nearly overnight .
" It was the Camelot of counterterrorism , " a former counterterrorism official said .
" We did n't have to mess with others -- and it was fun . "
Thousands of tips and allegations about potential threats poured in after the attacks .
Stung by the failure to detect the plot , CIA officers passed along every tidbit .
The process of vetting and evaluating information suffered greatly , former and current intelligence officials said .
" Whatever quality control mechanisms were in play on September 10th were eliminated on September 11th , " a former senior intelligence official said . "
Because , after all , who needs quality control when you 're kidnapping people and sending them off to be tortured ?
This is why we have a legal system : because even with the best intentions , government officials make mistakes .
People who are kidnapped and sent off either to some secret CIA prison or to the tender mercies of , for instance , the Egyptian government , have no recourse at all .
Katherine and I have already written about the case of Khaled Masri , who was kidnapped in Macedonia and turned over to the CIA , who decided not to wait for confirmation that , say , his passport was forged .
( Form the WaPo article : " " The Skopje station really wanted a scalp because everyone wanted a part of the game , " a CIA officer said . " )
He was held for months before the CIA decided it had made a mistake .
Here 's what eventually happened :
" On the day of his release , the prison 's director , who Masri believed was an American , told Masri that he had been held because he " had a suspicious name , " Masri said in an interview .
Several intelligence and diplomatic officials said Macedonia did not want the CIA to bring Masri back inside the country , so the agency arranged for him to be flown to Albania .
Masri said he was taken to a narrow country road at dusk .
When they let him off , " They asked me not to look back when I started walking , " Masri said .
" I was afraid they would shoot me in the back . "
He said he was quickly met by three armed men .
They drove all night , arriving in the morning at Mother Teresa Airport in Tirana .
Masri said he was escorted onto the plane , past all the security checkpoints , by an Albanian .
Masri has been reunited with his children and wife , who had moved the family to Lebanon because she did not know where her husband was .
Unemployed and lonely , Masri says neither his German nor Arab friends dare associate with him because of the publicity .
Meanwhile , a German prosecutor continues to work Masri 's case .
A Macedonia bus driver has confirmed that Masri was taken away by border guards on the date he gave investigators .
A forensic analysis of Masri's hair showed he was malnourished during the period he says he was in the prison .
Flight logs show a plane registered to a CIA front company flew out of Macedonia on the day Masri says he went to Afghanistan .
Masri can find few words to explain his ordeal .
" I have very bad feelings " about the United States , he said .
" I think it 's just like in the Arab countries : arresting people , treating them inhumanly and less than that , and with no rights and no laws . " "
As well he should .
We did not have to use extraordinary rendition on Khaled Masri .
We could have indicted him and tried him in a court of law .
If we meant what we said about being a nation of laws , not of men , that 's exactly what we would have done .
Instead , we kidnap people and send them off to be tortured .
And , inevitably , we make mistakes .
The three dozen or so people we have rendered ' by mistake ' have already paid an enormous price for our errors .
It remains to be seen whether any of those who are responsible for making those mistakes , or who signed off on a policy that virtually insured that innocent people would be kidnapped and tortured , will pay any price for what they did .
We claim to be a nation of laws .
If we are , we will hold people accountable for this .
( h/t Katherine )
***
* The worst I 've encountered was the response of one student who , having plagiarized the rough draft of his paper and thus gotten it back with no comment beyond " I 'm not turning you in because this is a draft , but if you so much as think about doing this on the final paper , I will " , filed a grievance against me on the grounds that I had unfairly given extensive comments on everyone 's draft but his , and that that explained his bad grade .
After the incredulous Dean dismissed his grievance ( I had kept a copy of the plagiarized draft with my comments ) , he then posted an essay about what he called my Nazi tendencies on his website , which he left up for the better part of a decade .
This I can deal with .
Extraordinary rendition , no .
. NET naked -
See these hitherto unpublished pictures of the .NET Framework architecture Sunday , August 27 , 2006
Have you ever thought about the quality of your code ?
Well , I bet .
Have you ever strived for a sound architecture of your software solutions ?
Well , I hope .
Do you have a process in place to constantly monitor the quality of your softwares architecture and code ?
Well , you should .
But not only should you .
Every single software team should .
Planning for quality and constant qualitiy monitoring should be the fundamental activities in any software project .
Sounds self - evident ?
Well , it does , but still it seems to be very , very hard for many software teams to implement such self - evidence .
Why ?
There seem to be several reasons like a tradition to focus mainly on functionality / correctness and performance or a lack of formal education or a comparatively small number of tools .
So the quality situation still is pretty dire in the software industry despite all the discussions around pair programming , unit testing , patterns , refactoring , modelling approaches etc .
But how can this be improved ?
Of course , more quality conciousness and better education helps .
Easy to use tools , though , would help even more , because they would cater to constant lack of time of many programmers .
They need to be so focused on churning out code that their time to look left and right to learn a new tool not helping them to code faster is very limited .
The xUnit family of tools is an example for such a quality improvement tool .
The concept is easy to grasp , the tools integrate well into the IDE or at least into the development process , and quality checks are easy to set up .
Great !
But this helps only code correctness .
What , for example , about the structural qualities of a software ?
Refactoring tools like ReSharper are targeting this , but are working only on the architectural micro level of classes ; plus they are not conerned with analysis .
You have to smell necessary refactorings and then use the tool .
NDepend is another tool assessing software structure quality .
But its output is hard to read and read - only .
Then there is Sotograph which might be the most comprehensive single tool to analyse even large software systems .
I like it quite a bit , as my report on a recent workshop shows .
However , I think its not really easy to use and still to expensive for many programming shops .
Dependency Structure Matrix
The other day , though , I stumbled over yet another software quality assessment tool : Lattix LDM .
And what impressed me immediately was its easy to understand output based on the intuitive concept of the Dependency Structure Matrix ( DSM ) .
Instead of trying to visualize complex systems ( of classes or components ) as a usual dependency graph like this :
Fig.
1 : Some Python classes
Lattix LDM shows them using a matrix , e.g .
Fig.
2 : The Spring .
Net Framework
Is nt that a much clearer picture ?
More structured ?
Who wants to follow all those lines in dependency graphs once the number of elements surpasses maybe 20 or 30 ?
It becomes a maze !
If , yes , if a software has a decent structure , a dependency graph makes sense because artifacts can be arranged in groups and layers and dependencies are mostly unidirectional .
But what if the macro and micro structure of a software is not decent - which is very likely for many software projects ?
Then a dependency graph becomes just a sophisticated wallpaper .
Dependency graphs simply dont scale .
DSMs on the other hand scale well .
Take for example this view into the architecture of the .NET Framework :
Fig. 3 : A large scale overview of the .NET Framework Base Class Library
Within one minute after selecting the .NET Framework assemblies I was able to browse through the architecture of the base class library .
Arrangement of assemblies in " layers " ( or basic top - down dependencies ) was done by Lattix LDM automatically - as far as possible .
That s what impressed me about the Lattix tool : ease of use , quick results , simple concept ( DSM ) .
Although its still Java based , has comparatively slow GUI ( due to Swing ? ) and does not have ( at least on my Windows machine ) the polished look Id like for my tools , it was of immediate value for me .
A DSM view on software is merciless in its clarity .
You dont get mired in tedious layout work , but rather the tool strips naked the software you throw at it .
You even see the bare bones of it , the dependency skelleton on any level you like .
The physical level of assemblies and types comes for free within a couple of seconds .
Even a rough layering can be established automatically .
Beyond that you can group artifacts manually to arrive at a more conceptual view .
DSM patterns
Although I call a DSM view intuitive and clear , it needs a little explanation .
So how does it work ?
There is some pretty introductory literature online , e.g. [ 1 ] , but much more already describes various applications of DSM .
Otherwise it seems , the basics are explained only in expensive books like [ 2 ] .
Luckily , though , the manufacturers of Lattice LDM provide quite a good introduction to ( their use of ) DSMs themselves .
Start here and then check out their white papers .
Right now let me just sketch the basic patterns to look out for :
Strict Layers
Fig. 4
The matrix shows all analyzed artifacts as rows and columns .
At the intersection of a column with a row the strength of the dependency is noted .
In the DSM of Fig. 4 you can see how TopLayer is dependent on MediumLayer since column 1 ( corresponding to row 1 , TopLayer ) has written a 1 in the cell where it intersects with row 2 ( MediumLayer ) .
So reading a DSM in column - row order ( col , row ) means " depends on " or " uses " , e.g. ( 1,2 ) =1 depends on 2 , TopLayer uses MediumLayer .
Using ( row , col ) instead means " is used by " , e.g. ( 2,1 ) =2 is used by 1 , MediumLayer is used by TopLayer .
Layers
Fig. 5
If you give up strict layering and allow higher layers to depend on any lower layer , you still get a DSM where all dependencies are located below the main matrix diagonal .
With this pattern in your mind look back at Fig. 2 above .
I guess you immediately get an impression of the overall architectural quality of Spring .
Net :
It s pretty neatly layered ; most dependencies are located in the lower triangle of the DSM .
Fig. 4 so to speak shows the architectural ideal : a strictly layered system .
Each artifact ( be it classes or assemblies or conceptual groups ) is only dependent on one other artifact layered below it .
This leads to a very scarcely populated DSM where all dependencies are parallel to the main diagonal of the matrix .
To get the same " feeling " by looking at a dependency graph would take you much longer , I d say .
Remember : Im talking about a system you did not do the design for ( or which has deviated much from you initial design ) .
Also , in a larger dependency graph its hard to see in which direction the dependencies run .
With a DSM , though , you just check , if a dependency is in the lower or upper triangle .
Local " components "
Fig. 6
Once you start to group artifacts into conceptual subsystems you probably want to know , how far they are " visible " , how far reaching their dependencies are , whether they cross the subsystem boundaries .
Fig. 6 shows a simple system with two subsystems and in the DSM you can see , that MediumLayerValidation and BottomLayerPersistence are used only within their respective subsystems :
Any dependencies on them are located within their subsystems square .
These artifacts are thus only of local relevance / visibility .
Cyclic dependencies
Fig. 7
The bane of all architectures are cyclic dependencies among artifacts .
They increase the complexity of a software and make the build process difficult .
Since long thus one of the basic software architectural principles is : Avoid cyclic dependencies , instead strive for a directed acyclic graph ( DAG ) .
Since DAG is the goal its important to be able to quickly spot any violations of this principle .
In dependency graphs of even modest complexity this is difficult .
But with a DSM its easy .
Look at Fig. 7 : Cycles appear as dependencies above the diagonal .
Reading in column - row manner we find : ( 5,6 ) =Utils depends on Security , but also Security depends on Utils ( 6,5 ) .
Once you decide to arrange your artifacts in a certain order from top to bottom thereby suggesting a layering , any dependencies not following this direction from top to bottom show up in the top triangle .
And if they dont go away after rearranging the artifacts - e.g. by moving Utils below Security - you are truely stuck with a cycle .
Again look at Fig. 2 and zoom in on a part of the DSM showing a seemingly heavy cyclic dependency :
Fig.
8 : Cyclic dependencies seem to exist within a part of Spring .
Net
Almost all dependencies of within subsystem Spring .
Objects .
Factory are located above the diagonal .
No good .
But we can rearrange the " layers " within the subsystem and arrive at a much nicer picture :
Fig. 9 : By rearrangement of some artifacts almost all cyclic dependencies within the part in question of Spring .
Net could be resolved
Almost all cycles are good .
And the layering sounds ok : Xml is the top layer depending on all lower layers , * is the basic layer , the " catch - all " layer servicing the others .
However , some cycles are still present : Even though Support heavily relies on Config , Config in turn also depends on Support .
If this is acceptable or not would now require closer examination .
Im not familiar enough with Spring .
Net as to be able to assess , if such a cyclic dependency is tenable .
But the DSM easily drew my attention to this area of pontial problems .
Try this with a dependency graph of a system you dont know intimately .
. NET naked
After these preliminary explanations lets have a look at the .NET Framework .
What s its architectural quality ?
Will Microsoft tell you ?
No .
So why not have a look for yourself ?
You probably have looked at the innards of the BCL yourself many times using Lutz Roeders Reflector .
It s an invaluable tool and belongs into your toolchest .
But Reflector just shows you the ( regenerated ) " source code " of the BCL .
It does not tell you anything about the overall quality of the architecture .
With Lattix LDM , though , you can as easily assess the structural quality of the .NET Framework as you can assess its code quality using Reflector .
Look at Fig. 3 for example :
It s a very big picture of the .NET Framework .
It shows the dependencies within and between the System . * DLLs and mscorlib.dll .
The overall impression might be good .
System .*
DLLs seem to depend heavily on mscorlib.dll .
Sounds reasonable , sounds like at least two layers .
Great !
But then there are some glitches :
Why does [ mscorlib.dll ]
System .
Security depend on [ System.dll ]
System .
Security ?
Or is it really necessary to use System .
Configuration.dll from mscorlib.dll if mscorlib.dll is so basic ?
But that might be nitpicking .
Much more questionable are the seemingly heavy cyclic dependencies within subsystems like mscorlib.dll and System .
Web.dll :
Fig. 10 : Cyclic dependencies abound in the most fundamental library of the .NET Framework : mscorlib.dll
Fig. 10 shows so many dependencies in the upper triangle that its impossible to rearrange the subsystems to improve the situation much .
mscorlib.dll simply contains many cyclic dependencies .
The main culprits in this regard seem to be the subsystems / namespaces System .
Runtime , System .
Reflection and System .
At the same time they provide many services to others and use many services of others .
The large dependency numbers for System ( see row / column 14 ) thereby suggest , Microsoft used it as a kind of " catch all " namespace , a general bucket for all sorts of stuff .
But although its perfectly ok to have such a bucket in your system - many give it a general name like " Util " or " Helpers " - it s strange to see this bucket to be dependent on so much other stuff .
Because what that means is : the bucket functions as a change propagator .
No only changes can affect much of the system , because its used by many other parts of the system .
But also changes to other parts of the system can affect it , because the bucket depends on them - and thereby indirectly can affect again other parts .
That does not sound good , I d say .
mscorlib.dll cannot really be thought of as a layered system .
Is that good or bad ?
Of course as a whole mscorlib.dll is a layer itself in any .NET software because all your programs rely on its basic services .
It s at the bottom of all .NET software .
So far so good .
But then , if you zoom in , the layering is gone .
One of the most basic architectural principles is violated not here and there but pretty pervasively throughout the whole thing .
That smells - as in " code smells " - bad .
That smells like programming in a hurry .
That smells like many cooks working on the same broth .
Fig. 11 : System .
Web.dll after some rearrangement
The second cyclic dependency ridden subsystem of the BCL seemed to be System .
Web.dll according to Fig. 3 . Upon closer examination , though , the situation is not as bad as it first appeared .
Fig. 11 shows a close - up of System .
Web.dll after some rearrangement of its subsystems .
Quite some layering could be established - but again there are two " change propagators " : System .
Web.Configuration and System .
Web. System .
Web , the namespace root , also again is the general bucket for all sorts of stuff .
Im sure , each one of the cyclic dependencies at some point made some sense to someone .
But looking from the outside its sometimes hard to think of justifications for , say , dependencies of basic utility functionality ( 13 ) on the UI ( 6 ) or compilation functionality ( 4 ) on the UI as well as the other way around or cycles between compilation and configuration ( 14 ) .
Why has System .
Web.dll not been structured in a cleaner way ?
It kind of makes me shudder a bit to see the inner structure of such fundamental building blocks of all our software to be in this state .
With all of Microsofts preaching about solution architecture , its promotion of multi-layer architectures its sad to see so many basic violations of these principles .
As a counter example look at another non-trivial system : the VistaDB database engine .
It s a full blown relational database engine / server written entirely in managed code and coming as a single 600 KB assembly .
It consists of two large subsystems : the internal engine whose code got obfuscated and the public API .
Fig. 12 shows the internal engine from 100,000 feet .
It s made up of some 400 classes , but the DSM shows , their dependencies are almost all below the diagonal ( only visible as " shadows " in the pictures ) .
VistaDB thus internally is nicely layered .
Fig. 12 : Large scale view of the internal engine of VistaDB
When zooming in on the public part of VistaDB , the feeling of attention to architecture remains .
Fig. 13 shows the API to nicely layered as well .
The few lonely cyclic dependencies are neglible .
Fig. 13 : The public API of VistaDB
Publishing software quality reports
There s much talk on how the security of software systems can benefit from public reviews .
This might work for some systems , and not for some others .
I dont know .
But regardless what way is best to find security bugs I think the most import aspect of this discussion is publicly talking about software quality .
In many other industries product quality ( and I dont mean functional correctness ) is a main talking point for the sales force .
They talk about details of how the production process is geared towards maximum quality ; they wave official certificates of quality in front of you ; they point out how important high quality ingrediences ( subsystems ) are for the product etc .
For the building industry its even mandatory to register blueprints and quality calculations with the local authorities .
So the whole world seems to be concerned with quality and relentlessly shows it off .
But what about software companies ?
They claim to have great products .
But this ( mostly ) means , they claim to offer products with a certain set of features providing value to a certain target group .
Those features are assumed to be correctly implemented ( which is not always true , as we all know ) and assumed to perform / scale well ( which is not always true , as we all know ) .
However , nobody in the software business really tries to show off how they planned , implemented , and monitored other quality measures than correctness or performance .
That means except for Open Source software were all using black boxes whose quality in terms of maintainability , understandability , or architectural stability we dont know .
I might be impressed by some software , it works just fine , slick GUI , high performance .
Im willing to pay the prices .
But I dont have a clue if its manufacturer is even able to maintain it over a longer period of time .
I dont know it the manufacturer attributes any importance to a clean and maintainable architecture / structure .
I just see the surface of the software ( its GUI / API , its performance / scalability ) .
But is that enough ?
The more I think about it , the more I get the feeling , we need to more openly discuss the quality of our software products .
And I suggest - as a starting point - to proactively publish DSMs ( and other quality metrics ) along with our software .
Quite somecompanies invest into blogs maintained by their development staff to open themselves to the public , to gain trust .
Why not add to this policy a quality report for each release of the software somewhere on the companys website ?
Or to put it the other way around :
Why dont we start to demand such quality reports from the manufacturers of our tools ?
Think of it :
The next time you evaluate a database or report generator or GUI grid component you ask the manufacturer for a DSM .
Of course they wont know what that is , but then you explain them .
Tell them you re interested in the quality measures they apply .
Tell them you just want to get a feeling for the state of the architecture they base their software on .
You can reassure them you re not interested in any code details .
It s just the structure of the system - which gives you a first hint at how quality conscious the manufacturer might be .
So Im not talking about Open Source , Im talking about Open Quality or Open Architecture .
I think , this is what we need to start to demand if we really mean to improve product quality in our industry .
A simple DSM for each system could be a start .
It s easy to understand and provides a first rough overview .
But more metrics and figures could follow :
How is the testing process organized ?
Do they use a version control system ?
Is there continuous integration in place ?
How about code reviews ?
You say this is devulging too much information ?
Well , I say the industry is just not used to as much openess about quality measures as other industries are .
And our industry is ashamed about its low quality standards .
It s simply scared to reflect ( in public ) upon how it ensures quality .
Because publishing quality figures determined by tools like NDepend or Sotograph or Lattix DSM is not to be confused with leaking critical information on implementation details to the competition .
It s more like publishing a financial statement like all large corporations need to do .
To show you that I mean what I say , heres the DSM ( Fig. 14 ) for my currently only " product " , a small Microkernel .
It s not much , but its a start .
Fig. 14 : The structure of my small Microkernel
But I will continue to make public DSMs and other metrics whenever I develop software be it commercial products or code to accompany a conference presentation or a series of articles ( since Im an author / consultant / conference speaker ) .
And I will motivate my customers to do so for their products .
I can only gain by becoming open about the internal quality of my software .
I will gain trust , because trust begins by opening yourself to others .
I will gain product quality , because now I m forced to think more about it , since eventually the results of my descisions get published .
And my customers - be it buyers / users of my software or readers of my articles - will gain insight which gives them a better feeling once they need to make any descions .
Think about it .
What will you tell your customers , once they start looking at your software using a tool like Lattix LDM and thrown about what they see ?
With managed code anybody can strip your software naked as I did with the .NET Framework and VistaDB and Spring .
Net .
Obfuscation might help a bit here , but in the end , assessing the quality of your softwares architecture relies on names only to a limited extent .
You cant obfuscate dependencies , you cant hide spaghetti structures .
But maybe before you publish anything about your own software you want to start a more quality conscious life by looking at others software .
Download NDepend or Lattix LDM and point them to the assemblies of your favorite grid or application framework .
Because :
Once in a while nothing can beat the fun of pointing fingers at others :-)
[ Continue here for some replies to comments from readers of this posting . ]
[ 1 ] Tyson R. Browning : Process Integration Using the Design Structure Matrix , Systems Engineering , Vol. 5 , No. 3 , 2002
[ 2 ] Karl Ulrich , Steven Eppinger : Product Design and Development , McGraw - Hill / Irwin ; 3 edition ( July 30 , 2003 ) , ISBN 0072471468
This week , two scientists called for curbs on the use of 200 chemicals - to protect very young children .
They were accused of scaremongering , but anyone who dismisses worries about our toxic world , writes Sarah Boseley , should remember what happened to the Romans ...
The article below stated that some dish - washing liquids and detergents contain alkylphenol ethoxylates , which are thought to disrupt hormones .
To clarify , in Europe they are no longer used in domestic products but are contained in some industrial detergents and pesticides .
In the US they are in domestic products including many liquid detergents for clothes .
Lead has been squarely blamed , in some scientific quarters , for the decline of the Roman Empire .
Lead was the fabric of the cooking pots , the wine urns , the water pipes , and the plates in Roman times ; it was used in makeup ; it was even used for its sweet flavouring .
It contaminated the food and drink and befuddled the brains of the wealthy ruling classes , the people who could most easily afford classy metalware and were therefore most exposed .
Why was Caligula degenerate ?
Why was Julius Caesar apparently sub - fertile for all his sexual proclivity ?
( He had only one child . )
Because of lead , the theory goes .
However far - fetched some of that may sound , the Romans were certainly aware that lead was toxic .
The slaves who mined it had a short and miserable existence .
In fact , nobody has thought lead harmless for more than 2,000 years .
In the 1900s , the deaths of children who had chewed on slivers of lead paint peeling from an Australian veranda were well documented .
Yet through most of the past century there were few controls over the use of lead in paint , petrol , ceramic glazes and other products .
Lead is no longer permitted in paint and petrol in the UK .
Children do not die from lead poisoning any more in this country , but the consequences of the lead - happy 1960s and 70s are with us still , according to two doctors who work in environmental and community medicine in Denmark and New York , and who have just published an alarming review of the potential for damage of the chemicals we use in our everyday lives .
" Almost all children born in industrialised countries between 1960 and 1980 were exposed to substantial amounts of lead from petrol that could have reduced the number of children with far above - average intelligence ( IQ scores above 130 points ) by more than 50 % and might likewise have increased the number with IQ scores below 70 , " they wrote in a journal this week .
And this was not a minority journal for environmentalists .
This was in the Lancet - one of the four leading medical journals in the world .
Dr Philippe Grandjean , from the University of Southern Denmark , is surprised that anybody raises an eyebrow at the idea that you or I could be thicker because of petrol fumes .
" The main discussion about lead is not whether there has been a drop in IQ , " he says .
" I think that is widely accepted .
I have met a couple of industry consultants who wanted to doubt it , but I do n't think any serious researcher or scientist does . "
No , the issue today , in his view , is not what substantial quantities of lead have done to your brain and mine , but what very small doses in the environment continue to do - not so much to an adult , but to a foetus or a small baby , whose brain is still developing .
Not just elsewhere in the world , but right here in the UK , where there are still low levels of lead in the environment ( some from past pollution , " like a debt from the past " , as Grandjean puts it , and some from modern electronics and new pollution ) .
The point that Grandjean and his co-author Philip Landrigan , from the Mount Sinai School of Medicine in New York , want to make is that we know very little about the damage we could be doing to our babies ' brains when we expose ourselves and them to modern cleaning fluids , cosmetics , pesticides , glues , plastics and other modern necessities made with potentially hazardous chemicals .
And they believe that there may be already evidence of what these chemicals are doing to us .
Neurodevelopmental disorders , for example , appear to be rising , they say , although they acknowledge this is controversial .
Many doctors argue that we are simply better at diagnosing them .
But certainly more cases of autism are being detected than before .
And it is the same with attention deficit disorder , Grandjean and his colleague add .
Cerebral palsy is now common .
Are chemicals really causing these things ?
" I think so , but we do n't know , " says Grandjean .
" In this whole group of disorders ... the National Academy of Sciences says 3 % can be explained by known chemicals , 25 % is probably environmental exposures of some kind and probably a genetic predisposition .
Of the rest , a lot are unknown and some are inherited .
" We know with methylmercury , PCBs , arsenic and toluene that they can affect cognitive development so kids perform more poorly than they might have .
Some are pushed over the edge ... but some are simply not doing so well in school .
It definitely constitutes a problem for the kid and the family , but there are also consequences for economic production and social costs . "
If all this sounds like scaremongering , it should be remembered that while only a handful of chemicals are now branded dangerous to neurodevelopment , a very long time was allowed to pass between people first becoming suspicious of them , and someone else imposing controls upon their use .
Lead is the most stunning example of our complacency .
Arsenic is another .
Powdered milk contaminated with arsenic in 1955 led to more than 12,000 cases of poisoning and 131 deaths in Japan .
Among survivors , there was a tenfold increase in the proportion who were mentally retarded .
But regulations on the control of arsenic still do not emphasise the need for protection of the developing brain .
It is the same story with the few other chemicals for which there is real evidence of harm to the growing brain , such as methylmercury ( an organic mercury compound ) , polychlorinated biphenyls ( PCBs ) , solvents - including alcohol - and pesticides .
In this week 's paper , Grandjean and Landrigan have pulled together a list of 200 chemicals in everyday use for which there is evidence of neurotoxicity although the case would not yet stand up in court .
They argue that we should not wait for the final proof .
It might take 20 years or 50 years to work out what the long - term consequences of exposure to some of these chemicals will be .
We should act now , they argue , and put in strict controls for their use to protect babies .
If it turns out that the chemicals are harmless after all , then the controls can be lifted , they say .
Better safe than sorry .
The Lancet review is deliberately timed .
The European Council of Ministers will next month consider new legislation , known as Reach , which could toughen controls over industrial chemicals .
For the most part , the chemicals under consideration are those known to be cancer - causing , damaging to the immune system or hormone - disrupting .
( Those that could possibly damage children 's brains are not even up for discussion at this point . )
And even though the list of hazardous chemicals on Reach is limited - probably 1,000 out of some 30,000 currently in use - the environmental health lobby is concerned that ministers may draw back from the main proposal - which is that where there is a safer chemical , one with known hazards should not be used .
Colin Butfield , head of campaigns at the World Wildlife Fund , says there has been massive lobbying from the chemical industry .
The official UK position at the moment , he says , is against .
WWF ran its own tests on some 400 people , 300 of whom were in the UK , to find out just how polluted with everyday chemicals we all are .
Many people had a cocktail of industrial chemicals in their bloodstream .
" The levels were quite low - they were in parts per billion , " he says .
But while that might be fine , even if it is an uncomfortable idea for adults , many - but not all - scientists would say it is not fine for a foetus .
" There is a big scientific argument going on about it , but we are saying , why are you taking the chance ? " says Butfield .
Some years back most of the medical establishment was silent about the possible hazards of chemicals in the environment because of a lack of evidence of real harm .
But that is no longer the case .
Today , at Unesco in Paris , a European network representing 2 million doctors , and including the British Medical Association , will demand that the Reach legislation is passed .
The doctors , together with scientists and environmental lobbyists , are meeting to promote the " Paris appeal " - 166 recommendations for improving environmental health .
These include a ban on formaldehyde glue , a ban on the use of a chemical called DEHP ( one of the phthalates ) in medical plastics , and a ban on phthalates generally , as well as aldehydes and glycol ethers in cosmetic products .
Genon Jensen , director of the Health and Environment Alliance , which is convening the meeting , says many of the scientists speaking will , like Grandjean and Landrigan , be warning of the dangers of low doses of chemicals .
' We 're not talking about the impacts you can see right now but what you may see in 20 or 30 years ' time , " she says .
For example , " There is evidence from animal studies that shows that bisphenol A can affect genes , one of which may be implicated in obesity .
Bisphenol A is used in the lining of canned food tins .
" The argument is always that the levels are so low that it is not doing us any harm because we are not sick or dying , but maybe in 20 years we will have Parkinson 's or maybe I 'm passing it to my child who may have birth defects , " she says .
Another speaker will tell the meeting how Sweden cut its use of pesticides and saw a decrease in cancers known as lymphomas .
There will be a presentation on the increased rate of birth defects among women in the first trimester of pregnancy working in fields where there is high pesticide use .
Several studies have pointed to this , says Jensen .
" The argument is what is the appropriate political and precautionary public health response . "
The impact of chemicals on our everyday lives will continue to be a hugely controversial field until there is incontrovertible evidence of harm .
This week , there have been sceptical voices over the Lancet review .
Alan Boobis , a professor in experimental medicine and toxicology at Imperial College London , thinks that some of the evidence lacked rigour .
" This is a risk - management issue .
In implementing the precautionary principle it is important to take into account all relevant information and not just the potential harm that might result from inaction .
For example , what would the consequence ( health , economic , societal ) be if some of the compounds on the list were banned or severely restricted on the basis of the precautionary principle ? "
And the chemical industry will continue to lobby as hard as the environmentalists .
It has a lot to lose .
Grandjean says ( sounding upbeat ) he has already had his first threatening letter , but will not be deterred .
" I am a physician , " he says .
" I have to speak on behalf of human beings , not on behalf of money - making " .
Safety first - how to minimise your exposure to chemicals
Hazardous chemicals are everywhere , from the bedding and clothes we use , to the food we eat , the air we breathe and the cars we buy .
It is impossible to create a totally safe haven , but you can minimise your exposure .
Cleaning
Most dish - washing liquids and detergents are made from petroleum ; some contain alkylphenol ethoxylates , which are suspected hormone disruptors .
If in doubt , buy natural products ( such as Ecover ) , wash your hands with plain soap , and clean your windows with vinegar or lemon juice .
Children Avoid most plastic feeding bottles , which can contain bisphenol A , a hormone - disrupting chemical .
Do n't use old dummies and PVC toys that may contain now - banned phthalates .
If pregnant , avoid paint or using DIY products that emit fumes .
Buy children 's clothes and pyjamas without plastic logos or chemical treatments .
Air fresheners Aerosol propellants contain flammable and nerve - damaging ingredients as well as tiny particles that can lodge in your lungs .
Fragrances of all kinds can provoke allergic and asthmatic reactions .
The solution ?
If the room smells , open a window .
Mites Companies recommend you eradicate them with sprays , gels , powders and liquids , but most have very active chemical nasties .
The solution is to ventilate rooms , air your beds , vacuum all surfaces and mattresses , and wash fabrics at high temperatures .
Living rooms Carpets and flooring materials may be treated with a wide array of chemicals that some people are allergic to .
Use natural flooring such as cork tiles , or cotton rugs that can be washed at high temperatures .
DIY and gardens Avoid painting , paint stripping or using DIY products unless using eco-friendly brands .
Do n't occupy newly painted rooms , and avoid using pesticides indoors or in the garden .
Use water - based varnishes and glues , paints , stain removers , sealants and adhesives ; and buy paints made from plant oils .
Cars
That " new car smell " comes from the high levels of chemicals escaping from the plastic , upholstery , carpeting and other synthetic materials .
Beware !
Food Do n't let food come into contact with PVC clingfilm .
Buy organic fruit and vegetables .
Wash and peel food .
John Vidal
 For more information , go to safershopping.wwf.org.uk or greenpeace.org.uk/products/toxics/
Momofuku Ando , the founder - chairman of Nissin Food Products
Co , who was widely known as the inventor of instant noodles , has died of heart failure at a hospital in Ikeda , Osaka Prefecture , Japan , his family said .
He was 96 .
Born on March 5 , 1910 in Taiwan , Ando initially ran clothing companies in Taipei and Osaka while he was a student at Ritsumeikan University .
In 1948 , he founded the precursor of Nissin , before introducing Chicken Ramen , the world 's first instant noodle product , in 1958 .
US staging major war games in Gulf
MANAMA , March 27 ( AFP ) Mar 27 , 2007
The US navy said on Monday it is staging major war games in the Gulf involving two nuclear - powered aircraft carriers and their strike groups , at a time of high tensions with Iran .
The manoeuvres involve the USS John C. Stennis and the USS Dwight D. Eisenhower , marking the first time the two strike groups have operated in a joint exercise under the US Navy 's Fifth Fleet , it said .
They are being held as tensions are running high between the West and Iran over Tehran 's nuclear drive and the capture last week of 15 British marines and sailors .
" Two air wings from the aircraft carriers will conduct air warfare exercises while the surface components will conduct exercises in three general disciplines : anti-submarine , anti-surface and mine warfare , " the Fifth Fleet said .
The Fifth Fleet is based in Bahrain , an island state which lies across the Gulf from Iran .
The 5 Most In - Demand Programming Languages of 2020 [ article ]
A lot of languages create a dilemma in choosing the best , so we have come up with a solution to help you get information about the five most in - demand programming languages of 2020 .
Nikunj Shingala
B2B Mobile Apps : Why Stability and Reliability Represent the Key Metrics for Success [ article ]
Today , software vendors continue to rush the development of new B2B apps in order to capture a share of this ever - expanding market .
However , it s crucial to recognize what it takes to achieve success .
In a competitive environment with high expectations , you must deliver a user - friendly app with consistent business value and reliable experiences .
James Smith
Switch Expressions in Java 14 add Simplicity and Agility [ article ]
The article discusses how the new switch statement is simplified and how the new switch expression simplifies .
After setting the environment , we ll discuss what was lacking in the switch statement that makes it less agile .
Then , we ll discuss how Java 14 simplifies switch .
Deepak Vohra
By Kim Ghattas
BBC News , Beirut
Thousands of pictures were taken in Lebanon during the conflict between Israel and Hezbollah in 2006 , but it was a surprising picture by Spencer Platt , an American photo journalist for Getty Images , that was chosen as best news picture of the year .
Winner of the World Press Photo .
By Spencer Platt ( Getty Images )
Enlarge Image
It was awarded the first prize in the prestigious World Press Photo awards .
The award sparked a debate in Lebanon .
The picture appears to neatly summarise Lebanon 's contradictions - glamour amidst the destruction , seemingly careless rich kids on a voyeuristic trip .
But there is much more to the picture than these cliches .
THE WINNING PICTURE Spencer Platt took his picture on 15 August , a day after the ceasefire , in the southern suburbs of Beirut , a Hezbollah stronghold , as thousands of people flocked back to homes they had fled during the Israeli shelling .
The original caption accompanying the picture read : " Affluent Lebanese drive down the street to look at a destroyed neighbourhood 15 August 2006 in southern Beirut , Lebanon . "
World Press Photo jury chairwoman Michele McNally said : " [ It 's a ] picture you can keep looking at .
It has the complexity and contradiction of real life , amidst chaos .
This photograph makes you look beyond the obvious . "
The picture was picked up by magazines and newspapers around the world and passed around by e-mail in Lebanon .
The picture challenges our notion of what a victim is meant to look like .
These people are not victims , they look strong , they 're full of youth
Spencer Platt One Dutch newspaper published it under the heading : " The Cool People VS Hezbollah . "
In Beirut , some people laughed or shrugged their shoulders at the picture - it seemed so Lebanese .
Others were horrified it won such a prestigious prize because of what it said about their country .
Some photographers criticised it , describing it as just a snapshot , without much depth or great composition .
Talking to the BBC over the phone from New York , Spencer Platt said his picture was not meant to show any Lebanese in a bad light .
The person who was helping me with my work while in Lebanon , Wafa , looked like she could have stepped out of that car .
But she was certainly not rich and her life had been turned upside down by the war .
The picture challenges our notion of what a victim is meant to look like .
These people are not victims , they look strong , they 're full of youth .
Only in Lebanon can you find a Mini Cooper against a backdrop of bombed out buildings .
Lebanese people are very hard to classify .
There were many other pictures of the war , but this one started a conversation .
COOL PEOPLE / REAL PEOPLE
Four of the young people in the group are actually residents of the area and had to flee during the shelling .
This was the first time they returned to the suburbs and they were eager to check on their apartment and their belongings .
The driver was Jad Maroun , his sister Tamara , is the blond girl sitting in the front , in the winning picture .
The friends in the car got to know each during the summer 's conflict
She is n't in this group picture .
She could n't make it to the interview because she was getting ready for her engagement party .
Bissan , Jad's other sister , pictured here second from the right , was sitting in the back of the car in the winning picture , taking pictures with her mobile phone .
She recorded a short video of their drive .
On it you can hear people commenting on their appearance and the girls screaming back : " We live here ! " Although Christians , the Marouns actually live in the dominantly Shia southern suburbs and their apartment block is now surrounded by flattened buildings .
Liliane Nacouzi , on the left , is a friend .
A Christian , she 's the only one who had never been to the area before .
She held a tissue to her face in the winning picture because of the fumes from the fires still burning in the rubble .
Nour Nasser , the only Shia in the group , is wearing a pistachio green top here but was hidden behind Liliane in the car .
She also lives in the southern suburbs of Beirut .
All the people in the picture , except Lana Khalil ( second from left ) , were displaced by the war and were put up by their employers in the same hotel in the centre of Beirut , where they became friends .
THE CAR AND ITS OWNER
The convertible orange Mini in the picture belongs to Lana Khalil .
She lent the car to her boyfriend , Jad , so he could take his sisters and Nour to the suburbs and find their house .
On the dashboard , there 's a sticker for Samidoun , a grassroots relief organisation to which Lana belongs .
This car has a story .
This is n't just a bourgeois , trendy , tourist car , this car played a big role in the war .
It was used throughout the war to help deliver medication to refugees who had taken shelter in schools in central Beirut .
We also took medication to people in the southern suburbs who refused to leave their homes or simply could n't , people needed hard medication , like for diabetes .
Lana Khalil , owner of the famous Mini ( Photo : Jeroen Kramer )
Enlarge Image
The relatives of a friend of mine were stuck in the suburbs , two or three days into the war , I went with him at night to pick them up , under the bombs .
It was very scary , that trip from central Beirut , usually takes about 15 minutes , it took 7 minutes that night .
The picture that won the award is very digestible as a war photo , it 's something the people in the West can relate to .
It 's an interesting picture , but there were so many more that reflected what really happened here .
The war was not fun , it was full of blood and gore and this picture trivialises what happened here .
It makes you wonder how truthful a picture can be .
But it 's true that there were people who did come to the area just to have a look at the destruction .
It 's also true that some people did n't really live through the war .
I took one day off during the whole war , and went up to the mountains for a break .
I was surprised to see people partying up there , as though nothing was the matter .
It 's the caption that went with the picture that made it famous and that 's what 's upsetting , the caption reinforces the cliche .
We 're frustrated by the generalisations that people make about Lebanon and Lebanese society .
PHONE PHOTOGRAPHER
A 29 - year - old bank clerk and former model , Bissan Maroun says she had no idea that the award winning picture was being taken and that she was too focused on the destruction around them .
Driving into our neighbourhood was shocking .
We had seen it on television but it was n't the same as in real life .
The smell was terrible , for weeks , there was no rain , the fumes just hovered over the area .
I do n't understand why Israel had to destroy so much for the sake of two soldiers .
You have to remember that in Lebanon , everyone tries to look glamorous , the poor and the rich
Bissan Maroun
Our building escaped destruction but everything around it was flattened .
After the war , we considered leaving the area because we were n't sure how quickly we would be able to live a normal life again amidst all the destruction but things improved very quickly , so we 're staying .
My parents live in our hometown in the north , because my father has to be near the hospital for medical treatment .
During the war , we gave shelter to nine families , around 40 people , in our home .
We are not rich kids , we are really middle class , so the impression the picture gives is wrong .
You have to remember that in Lebanon , everyone tries to look glamorous , the poor and the rich .
Appearances are very important .
THE DRIVER Jad Maroun , is a 22 - year - old , studying management .
When we were in the area , driving around in the open car , I thought it maybe was n't very appropriate .
But we did n't have much of a choice .
There were too many of us in the car , so we needed to roll the top back to make more space .
Also there are no windows in the back , so Bissan , Liliane and Nour could n't see anything .
My problem with the winning picture is that emphasises some of the misconceptions people have
Jad Maroun
It was very hot and they were suffocating from the fumes .
In some way I think I like the fact this picture won , it says a lot about Lebanon .
My problem with the winning picture is that emphasises some of the misconceptions people have - that it would be unusual for people who look like us to be in the area , they expect the area to be full of veiled women , to be dirty and impoverished .
But we live there and everybody makes us feel welcome even though we 're Christian .
IN THE BACK SEAT
In the winning picture , Nour Nasser , a 21 - year - old journalism student , is sitting in the back seat and is hidden .
We did n't tell our parents we were going to the suburbs that day .
They would n't have let us go .
There were still fears that the Israelis might strike again , or that there would be unexploded bombs everywhere .
I 'm not a Hezbollah supporter .
I 'm a liberal but I 'm not bothered by them
Nour Nasser
But we wanted to go see our houses , get hold of some of our stuff .
Seeing the streets that we walked on every day , seeing it all destroyed like that , was very tough .
I 've lived in the area for eight years , on the outskirts of the southern suburbs , closer to central Beirut .
I 'm not a Hezbollah supporter .
I 'm a liberal but I 'm not bothered by them .
I do n't like my neighbourhood though .
I do n't ' have any friends there , people look at you , they gossip .
I understand why the picture won .
It 's about the contrast between destruction and glamour .
But it 's the wrong image of the war and it sanitises it .
Also , it reflects only part of Lebanon .
We are part of the working middle class and we can afford some things , like nice clothes or sunglasses but not everybody here can .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
 AS SOON AS certain topics are raised ,  George Orwell once wrote ,  the concrete melts into the abstract and no one seems able to think of turns of speech that are not hackneyed :
Prose consists less and less of words chosen for the sake of their meaning , and more and more of phrases tacked together like the sections of a prefabricated henhouse . 
Such a combination of vagueness and sheer incompetence in language , Orwell warned , leads to political conformity .
No issue better illustrates Orwell s point than coverage of the Israeli - Palestinian conflict in the United States .
Consider , for example , the editorial in The Times on Feb. 9 demanding that the Palestinians  recognize Israel  and its  right to exist . 
This is a common enough sentiment  even a cliche .
Yet many observers ( most recently the international lawyer John Whitbeck ) have pointed out that this proposition , assiduously propagated by Israel s advocates and uncritically reiterated by American politicians and journalists , is  at best  utterly nonsensical .
First , the formal diplomatic language of  recognition  is traditionally used by one state with respect to another state .
It is literally meaningless for a non-state to  recognize  a state .
Moreover , in diplomacy , such recognition is supposed to be mutual .
In order to earn its own recognition , Israel would have to simultaneously recognize the state of Palestine .
This it steadfastly refuses to do ( and for some reason , there are no high - minded newspaper editorials demanding that it do so ) .
Second , which Israel , precisely , are the Palestinians being asked to  recognize ?  Israel has stubbornly refused to declare its own borders .
So , territorially speaking ,  Israel  is an open - ended concept .
Are the Palestinians to recognize the Israel that ends at the lines proposed by the 1947 U.N. Partition Plan ?
Or the one that extends to the 1949 Armistice Line ( the de facto border that resulted from the 1948 war ) ?
Or does Israel include the West Bank and East Jerusalem , which it has occupied in violation of international law for 40 years  and which maps in its school textbooks show as part of  Israel  ?
For that matter , why should the Palestinians recognize an Israel that refuses to accept international law , submit to U.N. resolutions or readmit the Palestinians wrongfully expelled from their homes in 1948 and barred from returning ever since ?
If none of these questions are easy to answer , why are such demands being made of the Palestinians ?
And why is nothing demanded of Israel in turn ?
Orwell was right .
It is much easier to recycle meaningless phrases than to ask  let alone to answer  difficult questions .
But recycling these empty phrases serves a purpose .
Endlessly repeating the mantra that the Palestinians do nt recognize Israel helps paint Israel as an innocent victim , politely asking to be recognized but being rebuffed by its cruel enemies .
Actually , it asks even more .
Israel wants the Palestinians , half of whom were driven from their homeland so that a Jewish state could be created in 1948 , to recognize not merely that it exists ( which is undeniable ) but that it is  right  that it exists  that it was right for them to have been dispossessed of their homes , their property and their livelihoods so that a Jewish state could be created on their land .
The Palestinians are not the world s first dispossessed people , but they are the first to be asked to legitimize what happened to them .
A just peace will require Israelis and Palestinians to reconcile and recognize each other s rights .
It will not require that Palestinians give their moral seal of approval to the catastrophe that befell them .
Meaningless at best , cynical and manipulative at worst , such a demand may suit Israel s purposes , but it does not serve The Times or its readers .
And yet The Times consistently adopts Israel s language and , hence , its point of view .
For example , a recent article on Israel s Palestinian minority referred to that minority not as  Palestinian  but as generically  Arab ,  Israel s official term for a population whose full political and human rights it refuses to recognize .
To fail to acknowledge the living Palestinian presence inside Israel ( and its enduring continuity with the rest of the Palestinian people ) is to elide the history at the heart of the conflict  and to deny the legitimacy of Palestinian claims and rights .
This is exactly what Israel wants .
Indeed , its demand that its  right to exist  be recognized reflects its own anxiety , not about its existence but about its failure to successfully eliminate the Palestinians  presence inside their homeland  a failure for which verbal recognition would serve merely a palliative and therapeutic function .
In uncritically adopting Israel s own fraught terminology  a form of verbal erasure designed to extend the physical destruction of Palestine 
The Times is taking sides .
If the paper wants its readers to understand the nature of this conflict , however , it should not go on acting as though only one side has a story to tell .
This image was lost some time after publication , but you can still view it here
This crazy Japanese
Wii safety manual is pretty much indicative of Japanese people 's general insanity .
Our theory : a secret battle between Godzilla and several Gundams in the early 1980s bombarded the whole of Japan with cosmic G - rays , which allowed then - youths to grow up and draw these weird - ass manuals .
First , hitting your husband in the face with a Wiimote is not acceptable even if you 're pregnant .
Do not blame it on your hormones .
Advertisement
Lots more after the jump .
This image was lost some time after publication , but you can still view it here
Advertisement
Do not pour half a bottle of orange - flavored tea onto your Wii .
Anything less than half is fine .
This image was lost some time after publication , but you can still view it here
The Wii is not a tie .
( I actually did this when I was playing Zelda . )
This image was lost some time after publication , but you can still view it here
Advertisement
Do not attempt to control your heart with the Wiimote .
This image was lost some time after publication , but you can still view it here
Advertisement
Do not imitate that clip of the " smoking woman " with your Wii .
This image was lost some time after publication , but you can still view it here
Advertisement
When the Wii catches a cold , use a hypo- allergenic blanket .
This image was lost some time after publication , but you can still view it here
Advertisement
Do not remove the four leaf clover from your Wii .
It is Nintendo 's secret to motion sensing .
This image was lost some time after publication , but you can still view it here
Advertisement
Do not unwrap the Wii over your head .
This image was lost some time after publication , but you can still view it here
Advertisement
Do not attempt to produce your own twist - ties for the sensor bar .
One is provided for you .
This image was lost some time after publication , but you can still view it here
Advertisement
Test have shown limited success with playing the Wii with your feet .
However , you will produce lightning .
This image was lost some time after publication , but you can still view it here
Advertisement
Blu -ray discs will not work in the Wii .
This image was lost some time after publication , but you can still view it here
Advertisement
Do not lay out a Wii for homeless Japanese citizens .
They should clean themselves up and get a job like an honorable salaryman .
This image was lost some time after publication , but you can still view it here
Advertisement
Do not forcibly remove Wii discs .
There is an ejection mechanism .
Jerk .
This image was lost some time after publication , but you can still view it here
Advertisement
Do not attempt to wake up the Wii when it is napping .
This image was lost some time after publication , but you can still view it here
Advertisement
Do not attempt to plug the nunchuk attachment into your foot .
Again , lightning .
[ Kotaku ]
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
How fast can data travel over Ethernet ?
If you answered 10 Gigabit per second , then you would be off by about 90 gigabits per second .
Infinera , a San Jose , Calif . - based start - up , along with University of California , Santa Cruz , Internet2 and Level3 Communications , today demonstrated a 100 gigabit / second Ethernet connection that could carry data over a 4000 kilometer fiber network .
The trial took place at the Super Computing Show in Tampa , Florida .
The experimental system was set up between Tampa , Florida and Houston , Texas , and back again .
A 100 GbE signal was spliced into ten 10 Gb/s streams using an Infinera - proposed specification for 100 GbE across multiple links .
The splicing of the signal is based on a packet - reordering algorithm developed at the University of California at Santa Cruz .
This algorithm preserves packet order even as individual flows are striped across multiple wavelengths .
A single Xilinx FPGA implements this packet numbering scheme and electrically transmits all ten signals to ten of Finisar s 10 Gb/s XFP optical transceivers which in turn convert the signals to optics .
These signals are then transmitted to an Infinera DTN DWDM system .
These packets which have a special sequence numbering are then reassembled by the receiver .
In short , Infinera has bonded 10 parallel 10 Gb/s channels into one logical flow while maintaining packet ordering at the receiver .
( Services that combine multiple wavelengths to offer a single service are referred to as super - lambda services . )
The trial shows that seriously high speed services can be offered over existing 10 Gb/s transport networks .
 Gigabit Ethernet will be a critical technology to accommodate bandwidth growth , and this demonstration shows that we have the capability to implement this as a super - lambda service over today s networks ,  said Infinera co-founder and CTO Drew Perkins .
It was about 14 months ago we wrote about the 10 GB/s network that connected the University of California , San Diego and NASA Goddard Space Flight Center over a dedicated optical path .
We chatted with Perkins earlier today and he said that the trial today shows that you can build scalable systems that can achieve higher speeds .
 The way bandwidth demand is growing right now , we need 100 Gb / second now ,  he says .
 The network is going to keep growing . 
The IEEE has set up a Higher Speed Study Group ( HSSG ) group and is looking for specifications for higher speed Ethernet .
The 10 GbE took about five years to become a standard , but the working group might have to hurry this time around .
Proliferation of higher speed consumer connections , and emergence of video over IP will make 100 GbE a must have for most carriers .
While the 100 GbE technology is unlikely to show up in your neighborhood anytime soon , the trial is an important step in addressing the ever growing demand for bandwidth .
The technologies like the one demonstrated by infinera and its partners will first show up in long haul networks .
The largest IP backbones are currently using multiple 10 Gb/s links between core sites .
The online video explosion is going to tax the current fiber and network infrastructure , and will fill up the networks rather quickly , officials at Level 3 explained , when we met with them last week at the Web 2.0 Summit in San Francisco .
Stumper Questions for Creationists
Tom Scharle
[ Last Update : May 13 , 1992 ]
Questions directed to scientific creationists , young - earth creationists and others in opposition to conventional science :
Introduction
This is a collection of questions which many people who support conventional science wonder about when confronted with those who oppose conventional science in the name of creationism .
The questions are grouped in these categories : what is creationism ; what is conventional science ; how does creationism explain the evidence for conventional science ; theological questions .
Within each category there are numbered specific questions , surrounded by introductory or other explanatory material .
These questions are repeated at the end of each category ( sometimes paraphrased ) for emphasis .
We begin with the more important questions , and answers to them are greatly desired in order to promote communication .
Later questions may be considered to be about details .
A few comments about some terminology
The expression " conventional science " is used here as it is a neutral expression , and many people object to misunderstandings surrounding such expressions as " evolutionism " or " theory of evolution " .
The other side is referred to as " creationist " as that appears to be the self - description of those opposed to conventional science in the ways of interest here .
It is not intended to include all people who believe in creation .
What is creationism ?
Many people find that the most important part of a theory is a clear description of what the theory says and does not say .
(1) Give a comprehensive statement of creationism .
( There are questions below about conventional science , so please restrict your discussion here to the positive aspects of creationism . )
This is the one question of over - reaching importance , so much so that you might consider many of the following questions merely asking for certain details of what makes up a comprehensive statement of creationism .
It should be noted that many people prefer quantitative details where appropriate .
It is often a great help to communication if each party understands what the other means by certain critical expressions .
(2) Define technical terms and other words or expressions that are likely to be misunderstood .
(3) Include the evidence for creationism ( please remember that merely finding problems with conventional science does not count as support for creationism , as there may be other theories which differ from both conventional science and creationism ) .
A good example of evidence for creationism would be some observation which was predicted by it .
That is much better support than merely giving an explanation for observations which were known before it was formulated .
Far less convincing is evidence which has an alternative explanation .
In order to decide between conflicting theories , it is important that not only must the conflicting theories be well described , and that the evidence supporting the conflicting theories be proposed , but also that there be established some rules for deciding between the theories and evaluating the evidence .
(4) Can you suggest principles for so deciding and evaluating ?
There are many alternatives to creationism .
Some of the alternatives are : theistic evolution and old - earth creationism .
(5) Distinguish your theory of creationism from some of these alternatives and give some reasons for it rather than the others .
Many people find a theory which is open to change in the face of new evidence much more satisfying than one which is inflexible .
(6) Describe features of creationism which are subject to modification .
Another way of phrasing it is : is there any kind of observation which , if it were seen , would change creationism ?
Is it open to change , and if so , what criteria are there for accepting change ?
Exposition of creationism .
Definitions of terms .
Evidence for creationism .
Rules of evidence .
Distinguishing characteristics of creationism .
Evidence which modifies creationism .
How do creationists describe conventional science ?
It is helpful in any discussion that both sides understand what the other is talking about .
In answering the questions above , you have helped us in understanding your theory .
Often communication is helped if each participant explains what he thinks the other person is saying .
It should also help those who support conventional science to clarify their exposition .
These questions are in a sense parallel to the questions asked before about creationism .
(7) Explain what you think some of the terms used in conventional science mean .
Here are some which seem to lead to misunderstanding :
evolution
primitive
natural selection
theory
(9) It might be helpful if you explain why you think that conventional science came to its present position , and why people hold to conventional science .
( And once again , please restrict this to a description , as debate can come later . )
Many people who support conventional science feel that those who oppose it do so because of unwelcome consequences .
( 10 ) What are the consequences of accepting conventional science ?
What are the meanings of the terms used by conventional science ?
What is does conventional science say ?
What is the evidence for conventional science ?
What are the consequences of accepting conventional science ?
How does creationism explain the evidence for conventional science ?
In answering the earlier questions , you have described your theory and given us evidence for it .
Now we ask for your opinions on the evidence for conventional science .
Many people hold to conventional science because they believe that it has been developed over centuries , driven by discoveries .
They wonder how any person could explain the evidence any other way .
Here is a very brief list of questions about evidence which many people find convincing .
( 11 ) Why is there the coherence among many different dating methods pointing to an old earth and life on earth for a long time - for example : radioactivity , tree rings , ice cores , corals , supernovas - from astronomy , biology , physics , geology , chemistry and archeology ?
These methods are based on quite distinct fields of inquiry and are quite diverse , yet manage to arrive at quite similar dates .
( This is not answered by saying that there is no proof of uniformity of radioactive decay .
The question is why all these different methods give the same answers . )
( 12 ) Explain the distribution , seemingly chronological , of plant and animal fossils .
For example , the limited distribution of fossils of flowering plants ( which are restricted to the higher levels of the fossil record ) .
Here we are considering the distribution which conventional science explains as reflecting differences in time - the various levels of rock .
( 13 ) In the contemporary world , different animals and plants live in different places .
Why is there the present distribution of animals and plants in the world ?
For example , how is it that marsupials are restricted to Australia and nearby islands and the Americas , monotremes to Australia and nearby islands , and few placental mammals are native to Australia ?
Or why are tomatoes and potatoes native to the Americas only ?
( This is not a question merely of how they could have arrived there , it is also of why only there . )
( 14 ) There is a large body of information about the different species of animals and plants , systematically organized , which is conventionally represented as reflecting genetic relationships between different species .
So , for example , lions are said to be more closely related to tigers than they are to elephants .
If different kinds are not genetically related , what is the explanation for the greater and less similarities between different kinds of living things ?
That is to say , why would special creation produce this complex pattern rather than just resulting in all kinds being equally related to all others ?
Coherence of many different dating methods .
Chronological distribution of fossils .
Spatial distribution of living things .
Relationships between living things .
Theological questions
It is the impression of many people who support conventional science that many people who are creationists are so because of religious reasons .
This is puzzling to people who consider themselves to be religious , yet accept the findings of conventional science .
For example , some people feel that it is necessary to give naturalistic explanations for the wondrous events described in the Bible .
Other people are curious as to why there should be a search for naturalistic explanations for these events , rather than acceptance of these events as signs from God , outside of the normal .
( 15 ) If you feel that the events of the Bible must be explained as the normal operation of natural phenomena , please explain why .
Some people who believe in God find it difficult to accept that God would mislead people by giving evidence for conventional science .
( 16 ) Why is there all the evidence for an earth , and life on earth , more than 100,000 years old , and for the relationships between living things , and why were we given the intelligence to reach those conclusions ?
Why should the wondrous events described in sacred writings be given naturalistic explanations ?
Why does the plain reading of nature seem to support conventional science ?
Summary
These questions are intended to clarify the debate about creationism versus conventional science .
As mentioned above , many of the questions are intended to explore what creationists think about the issues in a way that allows each side to understand better what is involved .
I believe that they are fair questions to ask in achieving that end , but if anyone has objections to the content , tone or presuppositions , comments are certainly welcome .
DIGG THIS
As the media orgy over 9/11 subsides and the President s speech is still ringing in people s ears , there is one aspect of 9/11 that has somehow managed to evade examination in 5 years .
The question which is never asked is " why ? "
Why did so many American citizens die on American soil that day ?
Why would people want to attack us in such a vicious and grandiose fashion ?
No answer ?
That is because the question is never asked .
The reason it is never asked is because most Americans are like my father - in - law .
When asked yesterday why he thinks people hate us , his response is that he does not care why and does not want to know .
Sadly , neither do most Americans .
Certainly the government does not want you to know the answer to that question .
That is why it offers up its own canard : " They hate us because we are free . "
Yet , a simple examination of other nations which are free demonstrates how thread - bare this explanation is .
Canada , Switzerland , Austria , New Zealand : they are all free , and they are all free of " the threat . "
We are back to " why ? "
The 9/11 Commission spent millions of dollars and countless months investigating the cause of 9/11 .
Despite their publication of volumes of research , there is no answer in their report to the question of " why ? "
That is because the question was never asked .
If the real answer were known , it would lead directly back to Washington like a fuse burns to its point of origin , and the result would be just as explosive .
Of course the easiest source for the answer is to ask the people behind the movement .
They are hardly shy , and have on many occasions expressed their motivations for their campaign against this country .
Even the Pentagon knows the painful answer to the question of " why ? "
" Muslims do not hate u2018 our freedom ,  but rather , they hate our policies .
The overwhelming majority voice their objection to what they see as our one - sided support in favor of Israel and against Palestinian rights , and the longstanding , even increasing support for what Muslims collectively see as tyrannies , most notably in Egypt , Saudi Arabia , Jordan , Pakistan , and the Gulf states .
the dramatic narrative since 9/11 has essentially borne out the entire radical Islamist bill of particulars . "
Someone has to answer for 9/11 .
However , we do not need to go beyond our own shores to find the culprit .
The federal government , using tax dollars coerced from its citizens , has pursued foreign policies which are contrary to Americans  best interests and have infuriated those who are the object of the polices to the point that they are willing to sacrifice their own lives to strike back at America .
The cruel irony is that the very same government whose twisted foreign adventures brought about 9/11 was also impotent to protect Americans from the disaster it had sown .
Why ?
The answer lies in the very essence of centralized government .
Removed geographically and philosophically from the people it is supposed to serve , it remains absorbed in a perpetual quest to gain and hold power .
When the bombs start falling here , the politicians will be the first ones out of town in armored limousines en route to fortified bunkers .
Do you really need to ask why ?
September 13 , 2006
The Best of John M. Peters
See , the person I worry about is Samson Wong , editor in chief of AsianWeek , a free publication aimed at the Bay Area Asian community and published by the famously powerful Fang family .
I put myself in his place .
He gets a new column from his feisty young columnist Kenneth Eng .
The title of the column is " Why I Hate Blacks . "
Maybe the first thing he thought was , " I sure hope this is a fashion column . "
It is true that this " black is the new black " thing is way out of control , and it 's about time some feisty young columnist started to ridicule it .
But no , it was not a fashion column -- it was a column about why Kenneth Eng hates black people and , by extension , why you should hate black people too .
Does it get more racist than that ?
I mean , here people are mulling over the idea that Eddie Murphy 's movie " Norbit " might be racist because of its depiction of black women ( even though Eddie Murphy is black ) -- your assignment : Compare and contrast " Norbit " with " Tyler Perry 's Daddy 's Little Girls " -- and then comes something that puts all those nuanced discussions on the back burner .
Racism in the grand old manner !
It 's the 19th century again !
( You might wonder whether the column was some sort of satire .
It really was n't .
No one is even pretending that 's true .
This is a column about hating black people by a guy who hates black people . )
So Samson Wong apparently says to himself , " Sure , why not , it 's a free country , " and he prints the column .
Did he not perhaps think that a newspaper has many missions , and fostering community understanding is one of them ?
This was n't a reasoned screed against affirmative action ; this was a goddamn " Why I Hate Black People . "
One has been in the newspaper business many years ; one 's jaw is agape .
I also fret about David Lee , spokesman for the Chinese American Voters Education Committee .
He said that Eng 's column reflects the way some Asians really feel and that it 's good to get this stuff out on the table .
" Rather than refute and bury this , we should be calling for a community dialogue to address this . "
I 'm just guessing here , but if I wrote a column called " Why I Hate Yellow People , " I 'm pretty sure that David Lee would not be quite so sanguine about it .
I imagine he would refute the column , probably really strongly , and I do n't imagine he'd want to have a town hall meeting first .
I 'm all for dialogue , but there 's a baseline of respect that 's necessary for the dialogue to work .
If there 's no respect , then the dialogue can often turn into what we like to call " war . "
So , you may be asking yourself , why does Kenneth Eng hate black people ?
Here 's a sample : " Blacks hate us .
Every Asian who has ever come across them knows they take almost every opportunity to hurl racist remarks at us . "
Kenneth , two words : Tiger Woods .
Tiger 's father , Earl Woods , was 50 percent African American ; his mother , Kultida Woods , is originally from Thailand and is 50 percent Thai and 25 percent Chinese .
I do n't imagine their courtship involved a lot of epithet hurling .
And there are a million other examples just like that , a lot of them going to high school in the Bay Area .
If Kenneth Eng 's experience with African Americans has been entirely bad , maybe he needs to get out more .
" Contrary to media depictions , I would argue that blacks are weak - willed .
They are the only race that has been enslaved for 300 years . "
Well , no .
The word " slave " has the same root as the word " Slav " because most of the slaves in the Caliphate or Islamic Empire were from what we would call Eastern Europe .
And the feudal system in the imperial China of the Qin and Han dynasties created a vast underclass of serfs whose life was pretty darned slavelike .
And so forth .
It 's a silly argument , really , because the premise is so laughable .
" Blacks are easy to coerce .
This is proven by the fact that so many of them , including the Rev. Al Sharpton , tend to be Christians . "
Note gratuitous Al Sharpton reference -- the paragraph does n't work so well if the name " Martin Luther King " is inserted , because he was so famously difficult to coerce .
Oh , and there are lots of Korean Christians and Filipino Christians , too .
And , since Christianity was originally a sect of Judaism , I guess pretty much the whole world is easy to coerce .
Feh .
Another idiotic argument .
Of course there is racial tension in the United States .
Ignorance only adds to the tension .
If Samson Wong knew how ignorant the column was and published it anyway , that 's one kind of bad .
If he did n't , what 's he doing editing a newspaper ?
As someone once said , ignorance can be cured but stupidity cannot .
I 'm afraid we have a deadly double - barreled strain of the disease here .
Do you have any questions about the New7 Wonders campaigns ?
Are you writing an article , do you have a project in mind ?
Maybe you have an idea using the New7 Wonders concept ?
Whatever it is , just say " Hello ! " to us , and we will reply as soon as we can .
If you are from the press or a media organisation , or a social media reporter , please use this form to contact our Communications Department .
If you have an idea involving the New7 Wonders concept , or maybe you want to associate New7 Wonders with your product or brand , or any other commercial or business or new creative idea , please use this form to contact Jean - Paul de la Fuente , New7 Wonders Head of Value Development . >
There have long been stories about mysterious crossbreeds
Enlarge Image
Canadian wildlife officials say it is the offspring of a male grizzly bear and a female polar bear .
There have long been stories of oddly coloured bears living in regions where the two territories overlap .
But until now , grizzly - polar hybrids , dubbed " grolar bears " or " pizzlies " , have been found only in zoos .
The hybrid bear was shot last month by an American big game hunter on Banks Island , Northwest Territories , Canada .
His guide , Roger Kuptana , noticed the creature had the long claws and slightly humped back of a grizzly bear and thought it might be a hybrid .
The body was seized by officials , who sent a DNA sample for tests which confirmed its unusual origins .
There are behavioural differences between the species , including timing of mating seasons , that make hybrids highly unusual
David Field , Zoological Society of London
" It 's something we 've all known was theoretically possible because their habitats overlap a little bit and their breeding seasons overlap a little bit , " said Ian Stirling , a biologist at the Canadian Wildlife Service in Edmonton .
" It 's the first time it 's known to have happened in the wild . "
Nanulak bear
Polar and grizzly bears have been bred together in zoos , but in the wild they rarely cross paths .
However , some grizzly bears have been seen venturing across the ice towards polar bear territory to search for food after emerging from hibernation .
This might explain how the rare union occurred .
" In the limited area where the two species ' ranges overlap , it is not entirely surprising that we might find a polar - grizzly hybrid , " said David Field , Zoological Director of the Zoological Society of London .
" However , there are behavioural differences between the species , including timing of mating seasons , that make such hybrids highly unusual and it is unlikely that any resultant offspring would be viable . "
Canadian wildlife officials are now thinking up a name for the creature .
Some of the suggestions they have come up with so far are " pizzly " , " grolar bear " or " nanulak " , after the Inuit names for polar bear ( nanuk ) and grizzly bear ( aklak ) .
The federal government , vastly extending the reach of an 11 - year - old law , is requiring hundreds of universities , online communications companies and cities to overhaul their Internet computer networks to make it easier for law enforcement authorities to monitor e-mail and other online communications .
The action , which the government says is intended to help catch terrorists and other criminals , has unleashed protests and the threat of lawsuits from universities , which argue that it will cost them at least $ 7 billion while doing little to apprehend lawbreakers .
Because the government would have to win court orders before undertaking surveillance , the universities are not raising civil liberties issues .
The order , issued by the Federal Communications Commission in August and first published in the Federal Register last week , extends the provisions of a 1994 wiretap law not only to universities , but also to libraries , airports providing wireless service and commercial Internet access providers .
It also applies to municipalities that provide Internet access to residents , be they rural towns or cities like Philadelphia and San Francisco , which have plans to build their own Net access networks .
Some 200,000 Amish people live in more than 20 US states
The most conservative , Old Order groups of these reclusive , religious people drive horses and buggies rather than cars .
Many have no telephones or electricity in their homes .
They send their children to private , one - room schoolhouses until the age of 13 .
They eschew technology and preach isolation from the modern world .
They do not join the military or accept assistance from the government .
The Amish community in Lancaster County , Pennsylvania was a model for the 1985 film Witness starring Harrison Ford , a thriller which contrasted the violent modern world with their peaceful existence .
The Amish experience many of the same problems as other communities , but keep them private .
Strict regulations
Some 200,000 Amish people live in more than 20 US states and in the Canadian province of Ontario .
FACTS ABOUT THE AMISH Anabaptist Christian denomination Communities in the US and Canada Many communities reject links to outside world Most Amish shun modern technology including electricity and cars Plain clothing - no buttons allowed in some communities Speak English and a German dialect called Pennsylvania Dutch
In pictures : School attack
The oldest group of Old Order Amish , about 16,000 - 18,000 people , live in Lancaster County , a rural , farming area where Amish first settled in the 1720s - many fleeing religious persecution in Europe .
The Amish are divided into dozens of separate fellowships , broken down into districts or congregations .
Each district is fully independent and lives by its own set of unwritten rules , or Ordnung .
The Old Order are the most conservative of these groups , and observe strict regulations on dress , behaviour , and the use of technology , which they believe encourages humility and separation from the world .
Men and boys wear straw broad - brimmed hats
Men and boys wear dark - coloured suits , straight - cut coats and black or straw broad - brimmed hats .
They grow beards only after they marry .
Modern technology is not rejected out of hand .
Some farms have telephones and local groups can allow electricity to be used in certain circumstances .
Most Amish are trilingual .
They speak a dialect of German called Pennsylvania Dutch at home , use High German at their worship services , and they learn English at school .
In some ways , the Amish are feeling the pressures of the modern world .
Commentators say child labour laws , for example , are threatening long - established ways of life .
While many Amish own firearms , used to hunt and kill wild animals , their communities have until now been largely free of violent gun crime .
Small is Useless
Micro generation cant solve climate change .
By George Monbiot .
Published in New Scientist , 3rd October 2006
In seeking to work out how a 90 % cut in carbon emissions could be achieved in the rich nations by 2030 , I have made many surprising findings .
But none has shocked me as much as the discovery that renewable micro generation has been grossly overhyped .
Those who maintain that our own homes can produce all the renewable electricity and heat they need have harmed the campaign to stop climate chaos , by sowing complacency and misdirecting our efforts .
Last year , the environmental architect Bill Dunster , who designed the famous BedZed zero - carbon development outside London , published a brochure claiming that  up to half of your annual electric needs can be met by a near silent micro wind turbine  ( 1 ) .
The turbine he specified has a diameter of 1.75 metres .
A few months later Building for a Future magazine , which supports renewable energy , published an analysis of micro wind machines .
At 4 metres per second  a high average wind speed for most parts of the UK  a 1.75 metre turbine produces about 5 % of a household s annual electricity ( 2 ) .
To provide the 50 % Bill Dunster advertises , you would need a machine 4 metres in diameter ( 3 ) .
The lateral thrust it exerted would rip your house to bits .
Turbulence makes wind generators even less efficient .
To avoid it , you must place them at least 11 metres above any obstacle within 100 metres ( 4 ) .
On most houses , this means constructing a minor hazard to aircraft .
The higher the pole , the more likely you are to inflict serious damage to your house .
In almost all circumstances , micro wind turbines are a waste of time and money .
In his book Half Gone , Jeremy Leggett , the chief executive of Solar Century , claims that  even in the cloudy UK , more electricity than the nation currently uses could be generated by putting PV roof tiles on all suitable roofs .
 ( 5 ) This is a big claim , so you would expect it to come from a good source : a peer - reviewed journal , perhaps .
Here is the reference Leggett gives :   Solar Energy : brilliantly simple  , BP pamphlet , available on UK petrol forecourts  ( 6 ) .
The Energy Technology Support Unit ( now Future Energy Solutions ) calculated that if solar electricity could somehow achieve an efficiency of 12 - 15 % at all points of the compass , the  maximum practicable resource  in 2025 would be 266 terawatt hours ( TWh ) per year ( 7 ) .
Total electricity demand in the UK is currently 407TWh ( 8 ) .
But Leggett s claim is far more misleading than this suggests .
The first reason is that solar panels facing north are less efficient than solar panels facing south .
The second is that seeking to generate all our electricity by this means would be staggeringly and pointlessly expensive  there are far better ways of spending the same money .
The International Energy Agency s MARKAL model gives a cost per tonne of carbon saved by solar electricity in 2020 of between  2200 and  3300 .
Onshore macro wind power , by contrast , varies between a saving of  40 and a cost of  130 a tonne ( 9 ) .
The third problem is that the supply of solar electricity is poorly matched to demand .
In the UK , demand peaks on winter evenings .
Even if we could produce 407TWh a year from solar panels on our roofs , only some of it could be used .
There would be a surge of production in the summer , during the middle of the day , and very little in the winter .
While solar panels might reasonably supply 5 - 10 % of our electricity , the size and inefficiency of the energy storage and standby power system required makes a purely solar network impossible .
Similar constraints affect all micro renewables : a report by a team at Imperial College shows that if 50 % of our homes were fitted with solar water heaters , they would produce 0.056 exajoules of heat , or 2.3 % of our total demand ( 10 ) ; while AEA Technology suggests that domestic heat pumps could supply only 0.022 eJ of the UK s current heat consumption , or under 1 % ( 11 ) .
This does nt mean they are not worth installing , just that they ca nt solve the problem by themselves .
Some campaigners accept that micro generators can make only a small contribution , but argue that they are still useful , as they wake people up to green issues .
It seems more likely that these overhyped devices will have the opposite effect , as their owners discover how badly they have been ripped off and their neighbours are driven insane by the constant yawing and stalling of a windmill on a turbulent roof .
Far from shutting down the national grid , as the Green MEP Caroline Lucas has suggested ( 12 ) , we should be greatly expanding it , in order to produce electricity where renewable energy is most abundant .
This means , above all , a massive investment in offshore windfarms .
A recent government report suggests there is a potential offshore wind resource off the coast of England and Wales of 3,200TWh ( 13 ) .
High voltage direct current cables , which lose much less electricity in transmission than an AC network , would allow us to make use of a larger area of the continental shelf than before .
This means we can generate more electricity more reliably , avoid any visual impact from the land and keep out of the routes taken by migratory birds .
Much bigger turbines would realise economies of scale hitherto unavailable .
The electricity system cannot be run on wind alone .
But surely it s clear that building giant offshore windmills is a far better use of our time and money than putting mini-turbines in places where they will generate more anger than power .
George Monbiot s book Heat : how to stop the planet burning is published this week by Penguin .
Heat : how to stop the planet burningReferences :
1. Bill Dunster Architects , 19th March 2005 .
Zedupgrade : an introduction to refurbishment systems for existing homes .
http://www.zedfactory.com/ZEDupgrade_A4_Brochure.pdf
2. Derek Taylor , Winter 2005 / 6 . Potential outputs from 1 - 2 m dia .
wind turbines .
Building for a Future , special wind power feature .
This is extracted from the graph , and describes output at an average annual windspeeds of 4 metres per second .
The previous article in the same edition , by Nick Martin , explains that in built - up areas  Very few installations are likely to experience more than the equivalent of 4 metres per second average windspeed  .
3. Nick Martin , Winter 2005 / 6 . Can We Harvest Useful Wind Energy from the Roofs of Our Buildings ?
Table 2 . Building for a Future , special wind power feature .
4. ibid .
5. Jeremy Leggett , 2005 .
Half Gone : oil , gas , hot air and the global energy crisis , p201 .
Portobello Books .
6. ibid , note 253 , p290 .
7. Energy Technology Support Unit , 1999 .
New and renewable energy : prospects in the UK for the 21st century  supporting analysis , p141 .
ETSU , Harwell .
8. Department of Trade and Industry , DUKES , Table 5.2 .
http://www.dtistats.net/energystats/dukes5_2.xls
9. Republished by Department of Trade and Industry , 2003 .
Energy White Paper  Supplementary Annexes , p7 . www.dti.gov.uk/energy/whitepaper/annexes.pdf
10 . Jeremy Woods , Robert Gross and Matthew Leach , December 2003 .
Innovation in the renewable heat sector in the UK : Markets , opportunities and barriers .
Centre for Energy Policy and Technology , Imperial College , London .
http://www.dti.gov.uk/renewables/policy/iceptinnovationbarriers.pdf
11 . Future Energy Solutions , AEA Technology , April 2005 .
Renewable Heat and Heat from
Combined Heat and Power Plants , p39 .
http://www.defra.gov.uk/farm/acu/energy/fes-renewable-chp.pdf
12 . Caroline Lucas , 4th August 2006 .
Let s shut down , not melt down .
http://commentisfree.guardian.co.uk/caroline_lucas/2006/08/real_energy_security_means_shu.html
13 . Department of Trade and Industry , 2005a .
Offshore Renewables  the Potential Resource .
http://www.dti.gov.uk/energy/leg_and_reg/consents/future_offshore/chp2.pdf
May 13 , 2005 | PART ONE : HYPERDISTRIBUTION
October 18th , 2004 is the day TV died .
That evening , British satellite broadcaster SkyOne  part of NEWS Corp 's BSkyB satellite broadcasting service  ran the premiere episode of the re-visioned 70s camp classic Battlestar Galactica .
( That episode , " 33 , " is one of the best hours of drama ever written for television . )
The production costs for Battlestar Galactica were underwritten by two broadcast partners : SkyOne in the UK , and the SciFi Channel in the USA .
SciFi Channel programers had decided to wait until January 2005 ( a slow month for American television ) to begin airing the series , so three months would elapse between the airing of " 33 " in the UK , and its airing in the US .
Or so it was thought .
The average viewer of the SciFi network is young and decidedly geeky .
They are masters of media ; they can find ways to get things they should n't have .
Thus , a few hours after airing on SkyOne , " 33 " was available for Internet download .
No news there .
A new peer - to - peer file sharing technology , BitTorrent , was employed to share the quarter - gigabyte audiovisual files of " 33 " .
Unlike older forms of internet downloading , where too many requests for the same data can clog up internet links and send servers crashing .
BitTorrent distributes files more and more efficiently , as more people join the hunt for the data .
Everyone looking for bits of a file - say , an episode of Battlestar Galactica - shares the pieces they 've already located with anyone else who does n't already have that piece .
Since the pieces are scattered randomly among all the users who want the data , there 's a lot of to - and - fro between the users ; rather than being a request for one copy of one file on one server , it 's as though many hundreds of hands are copying and exchanging playing cards .
You may start out holding only the Ace of Hearts , but soon enough you 'll have a full deck .
This is a form of peer - to - peer file sharing known as " swarming " : all of the peers in a swarm share the portions of the data they 've already received .
And , as the Chinese proverb goes , " Many hands make light work . "
BitTorrent transforms the creaky and unreliable technology of audiovisual distribution , making it fast and hyper - efficient .
BitTorrent creates the conditions for something I 've termed " hyperdistribution " - a distribution channel which is even more efficient than broadcasting .
That has certainly been the case with Battlestar Galactica .
The British aficionados of the series provided torrents for each episode within a few hours of each broadcast .
Many fans in the US picked them up and watched them ; so did many people in Australia .
While you might assume the SciFi Channel saw a significant drop - off in viewership as a result of this piracy , it appears to have had the reverse effect : the series is so good that the few tens of thousands of people who watched downloaded versions told their friends to tune in on January 14th , and see for themselves .
From its premiere , Battlestar Galactica has been the most popular program ever to air on the SciFi Channel , and its audiences have only grown throughout the first series .
Piracy made it possible for " word - of - mouth " to spread about Battlestar Galactica .
Just two months ago , we saw something very similar happen , again with a beloved series , the BBC's Doctor Who .
After a hiatus of almost two decades , the BBC cast Christopher Eccelston in the role of the Doctor , and set the show to premiere on the 24th of March .
A few weeks before the air date , an " unfinished " version of the first episode of the new series leaked onto the internet through the BBC 's production partner CBC .
Hundreds of thousands of Doctor Who fans downloaded the episode , wanting a preview of this new version of the nearly - immortal Doctor .
The BBC were publicly outraged , but there 's a strong sense that this act of piracy , while not officially sanctioned , was unofficially encouraged by BBC .
It certainly created a groundswell of interest in the series , allowing people to " try before they buy , " and probably increased program viewership .
( The episode drew 10.81 million viewers to BBC1 , which is among the highest ratings Doctor Who has ever seen . )
Audiences are technically savvy these days ; they can and will find a way to get any television programming they desire .
They do n't want to pay for it , they do n't want it artificially crippled with any digital rights management technologies - they just want to watch it .
Now .
This is the way that half a century of television and a decade of the Web has conditioned them to behave .
We can't really complain that audiences are simply doing as they 've been told .
It is pointless to try to get them to change their behavior , because , in essence , you 're fighting against the nature of television programming itself , the behavioral narrative which grew out of our relationship to the technology .
We all understand that this piracy is technically illegal , technically a violation of copyright ; but we 're in a hell of a bind if we 're telling the audience to " sit down , shut up and do as you 're told " when it comes to television viewing .
The audience wo n't do as they 're told : they 'll do as they 've been taught , and that is another story entirely .
Still , piracy presents us with an economic problem : how do producers get paid for the programs they create when audiences disintermediate the distribution channels through which producers get paid for their programming ?
The economics of television production , as practiced for the last fifty years , are very straightforward : producer ( or perhaps the producer 's distributor ) sells the program to a broadcaster .
Broadcaster sells commercials to advertisers .
Everyone gets what they want : the producer gets enough money to cover his costs , the broadcaster gets money to cover his costs , the advertiser gets some attention from the audience , and the audience gets the program .
Widespread piracy of television programming has short - circuited this process , connecting the producer directly to the audience .
As yet there are no viable economic models connecting the television producer directly to the audience .
Industry pundits talk about audiovisual downloads through some system like Apple 's iTunes Music Store , and perhaps we 'll see something like this in the near future , but this works against the simple fact that people do not expect to pay for television programs .
People will pay for movies , when they choose to pay for movies , but they wo n't pay for television programming .
Not if they can get it for free .
The audience is not at all involved in the economic value chain of television production ; that 's been the rule for a half - century .
It 's reasonable to presume that any attempt to change the economic behavior of the audience is doomed to failure .
Cable and satellite broadcasting presents something of an argument against this assertion insofar as people do pay for these services .
But in these cases the audience is really purchasing choice .
( Los Angeles has at least 20 broadcasters , and , despite this , has a thriving cable and satellite broadcast market , because people want even more choice , and are willing to pay for it . )
Hyperdistribution has extended this choice to anyone with an broadband connection  extended it well beyond any possible offering by any cable or satellite broadcaster .
Can these industries possibly compete against the nearly infinite range of content offered on a broadband connection ?
Now we have a paradox : the invention of an incredibly powerful mechanism for the global distribution of television programming brings with it a fundamental challenge to the business model which pays for the creation of the programs themselves .
This is not at all BitTorrent 's fault : the technology could have come along a decade ago , and if it had , we'd have stumbled across this paradox in the 1990s .
This is a failure of the value chain to adapt to a changing technological landscape  a technological desynchronization between producer and audience .
Once again , there 's no need to find fault : things have changed so much , and so quickly , I doubt that anyone could have kept up .
But the future is now here , and everyone in the creative value chain from producer to audience must adapt to it .
This presentation outlines one economic model  actually more like a family of models  which connects television producers to their audiences through an hyperdistribution strategy , one which does n't require any change in the audience 's economic behavior .
This , I believe , is the surest path to success for any new economic model ; without audience acceptance , any model will inevitably fail , and while this model is not guaranteed to be successful , it seems to face fewer roadblocks to acceptance than other models which have been proposed .
Television broadcasters owe their existence to the absence of substantially effective competition .
When you 're dealing with real - world materials that are in naturally short supply - whether diamonds , oil , or broadcasting spectrum  a cartel can maintain and enforce its oligopoly .
But when you 're working with media , which exist today as digital ephemera , bits that can be copied and reproduced endlessly at nearly zero cost , broadcast oligopolies are susceptible to a form of " digital arbitrage , " which can hollow - out their empires in an afternoon .
Hyperdistribution techniques are more efficient than broadcast networks for television program distribution .
Now , before you presume that this is all so much future talk , that maybe , someday , people will be downloading television programs from the Internet , know this : that someday has already come and gone .
Per capita , Australians are the most profligate downloaders of television programming in the entire world , followed closely by the British .
While the Americans lag behind , they 're still on the chart , in third place .
The sea change has already taken place - undoubtedly sped along by the monopoly position of the commercial broadcasters , who , in many cases , act as barriers rather than conduits for television programs .
If a commercial broadcaster does n't show a program , or delays it for years , that 's no longer of concern to television audiences : they 'll just download it from the Internet .
This trend is only going to accelerate with the uptake of broadband throughout the world , progressively hollowing - out the commercial broadcasters until they have returned to their roots : television as a live medium .
The only types of programming unsuitable for hyperdistribution are those which are broadcast live : news , event and interactive programming , and sport .
Since these are all widely popular , it 's not as though the commercial broadcasters will collapse .
But their business models will change , because their cash cows are fleeing the paddock .
The pervasive culture of TV downloading leaves the producers of pre-produced television programs high and dry , receiving nothing of value for their work .
But is this really true ?
The absolute , basic motivation of a TV producer is not money  though money is needed for production  but to gain and hold an audience 's attention .
TV producers want their programming to be watched as widely as possible  by everyone .
That 's what they care about , and that 's all they care about , because , with viewers , everything else takes care of itself : audiences equal money .
This assertion seems so basic , so fundamentally essential to the economics of television , that it 's very hard to understand why anyone ( other than a broadcaster being cut out of the value chain ) would get upset about piracy of television programming .
The model as practiced at present can't effectively leverage the economic benefits of hyperdistribution , but that model was created before hyperdistribution was technically possible .
The age of hyperdistribution demands the development of new economic models which can harness piracy , for profit .
So , let 's move directly to a discussion of one such model .
Consider Battlestar Galactica .
A few weeks before the series premiered on television , I sat down to watch the 13 episodes of the first season , all of which I 'd found on BitTorrent .
Somewhere around the second or third episode I became briefly aware of the " bug , " the smallish , semi- transparent station ID which has become the constant on - screen companion to all television broadcasts .
I was looking at the bug for SkyOne , the British satellite broadcaster , which nestled comfortably in the upper left - hand corner of the screen .
I noted the bug , then proceeded to ignore it .
But it never went away .
In episode after episode , the bug remained , a tattoo commemorating the trip from broadcaster to audience .
Somewhere around episode seven , it hit me like a ton of bricks : I was looking at the most valuable and most underutilized piece of real estate in the world .
The bug carried the station ID  which is fine if I 'm in the UK .
But in Australia SkyOne has no meaning at all .
So that message , which should be full of meaning  full of " payload "  has been utterly misspent .
It 's as if they took the finest piece of land in Sydney Harbour , say where the Opera House resides , and decided to use it as depot for broken trains .
That screen real estate has real value , because it commands the audience 's attention , constantly if subconsciously .
What if , instead of carrying the broadcaster 's station ID , the bug contained an advertiser 's payload ?
I decided I wanted to see what that might look like , so I took an episode of Desperate Housewives and ran a little test , using the logo of one of Australia 's best known retailers , Myer .
I placed the advertiser 's bug in the lower left - hand corner .
This is probably sufficient for a well - known retailer like Myer ( or Macy 's or Harrod 's , etc. ) : it 's simply enough to remind the public that they exist - and that there 's undoubtedly a sale on .
While I thought I was being truly innovative in my thinking , I was wholly wrong .
On a recent Friday evening I sat and watched a rugby match : to my astonishment , I found that a commercial broadcasters had already adopted this technique .
When the game went into an instant replay , the icon of an Australian liquor distiller Bundaberg Rum did a little dance in the upper left - hand corner of the screen .
This means that the technique is already in use , and advertisers understand its value .
That 's a very important point : advertisers are ready for this .
The earliest models of both commercial radio and television developed around the idea of program sponsorship : one sponsor per program .
Over the 1950s ( in the case of television ) this model evolved toward the 30 - second advertisement , which interrupted the broadcast .
For the last half - century that has proven to be an enduringly successful economic model , but that model is now under threat from Personal Video Recorders ( PVRs ) , which allow a viewer to fast - forward through all advertisements , often taking them in 30 - second leaps , so the audience never sees so much as a single image from an ad .
PVRs , playing into the television - taught behaviors of immediacy and convenience , have proven immensely popular , and are not going away ; instead , they will become an integral and expected feature of the television viewing experience .
This means 30 - second ads are not a part of television 's future .
They 're too easy to edit out of the viewing experience .
The idea of an advertising payload attached unobtrusively to the television program has a certain appeal ; it can be ignored , but it 's always present .
The audience can't edit it out of the program without destroying the content of the program .
Audiences will learn accept them  so long as the advertisements are n't too busy , distracting , or otherwise obnoxious .
( Consequently , there will be a lot of work going on in the next decade to determine just how obnoxious such an ad can be before the audience objects to it . )
As the advertisement - as - interruption disappears , we will see a series of advertisements  perhaps running five minutes apiece  embedded into the programmme itself .
This is easy to achieve technically , and will be palatable to most major advertisers .
Since this evolution seems inevitable , another question comes immediately to the fore : what 's the role of the broadcaster in this new economic value chain ?
Today the broadcaster aggregates audiences , aggregates advertisers , puts commercials into the program breaks , and makes a lot of money doing this .
But  and here is the central point I 'm making today  would n't it be economically more efficient for the advertiser to work directly with the program 's producer to distribute television programming directly to the audience , using hyperdistribution ?
Let me run some numbers for you , based on another set of back - of - the - envelope calculations :
If we presume that the advertiser is going to pay at least as much as the broadcaster for hyperdistribution rights to a program , there 's a large fixed cost for the purchase of those rights .
Further , there 's another fixed cost to maintain the internet servers which " seed " the program 's hyperdistribution - the internet equivalent of broadcast transmitter operation costs .
Add in a small amount for the post - production costs incurred to affix the advertiser 's payload to the program , and we 're done .
Those are the entirety of the costs .
The advertiser is looking to lower costs in advertising ; if those advertisers are paying between $ 250,000 and $ 500,000 for thirty seconds of advertising ( in the United States ) , just a handful of advertisements would cover hyperdistribution costs .
It 's a numbers game : if enough viewers watch a hyperdistributed television program , it is cheaper for advertisers to work with producers , and handle the distribution themselves .
Furthermore , if the program is widely popular , it is far , far cheaper to do so .
In other words , the higher your ratings , the cheaper the advertising .
That 's precisely the reverse of broadcast television , and one big reason that advertisers will find this model so appealing .
Although no formal surveys have been conducted , it 's reasonable to assert that at least four percent of Australians , two percent of Britons , and one percent of Americans are already using broadband hyperdistribution to get some percentage of their TV programs .
Based on my own research , I have found television downloading to be widespread among men 18 to 25 years old , precisely the demographic most coveted by advertisers .
In other words , the prime audience is already there , already waiting and already willing to receive .
All that remains is to put the components of this new value chain into operation .
Download ( using BitTorrent , of course ) the live presentation of " Piracy Is Good ? " , delivered by Mark Pesce on May 6th , 2005 at the Australian Film Television and Radio School in Sydney .
( 200 MB ) See BitTorrent.com for help downloading .
Continue Reading :
Part Two : The New Laws of Television
Post - Script : The Swarm Manifesto
Written in response to news that the MPAA has filed lawsuits against six sites for sharing TV programs .
Mark Pesce is the co-creator of the Virtual Reality Modeling Language ( VRML ) - the first 3D interface to the internet - and the founder of the Interactive Media Program at USC's School of Cinema - Television .
In 2000 , Ballantine Books published Pesce 's The Playful World : How Technology is Transforming our Imagination , which explored the world of interactivity through a detailed examination of the Furby , LEGO s Mindstorms and the Playstation 2 .
In late 2003 , Pesce was invited to the Australian Film Television and Radio School , with a mandate to redesign the curriculum to incorporate the new opportunities offered by interactive media .
Starting in June , Mindjack will be serializing Mark Pesce 's new book , hyperpeople .
Sign up to our mailing list to receive reminders about it and all other new Mindjack features .
" We definitely did n't know 5 or 10 years ago that alcohol affected the teen brain differently , " said Dr. White , who has also been involved in research at Duke on alcohol in adolescent rats .
" Now there 's a sense of urgency .
It 's the same place we were in when everyone realized what a bad thing it was for pregnant women to drink alcohol . "
One of two brain areas known to be affected is the hippocampus , a structure crucial for learning and memory .
In 1995 , Dr. White and other researchers placed delicate sensors inside living brain slices from the hippocampi of adolescent rats and discovered that alcohol drastically suppressed the activity of specific chemical receptors in the region .
Normally , these receptors are activated by the neurotransmitter glutamate and allow calcium to enter neurons , setting off a cascade of changes that strengthen synapses , by helping to create repeated connections between cells , aiding in the efficient formation of new memories .
But at the equivalent of one or two alcoholic drinks , the receptors ' activity slowed , and at higher doses , they shut down almost entirely .
The researchers , led by Scott Swartzwelder , a neuropsychologist at Duke and at the Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Durham , N.C. , found that the suppressive effect was significantly stronger in adolescent rat brain cells than in the brain cells of adult rats .
As might be predicted , the cellular shutdown affected the ability of the younger rats to learn and remember .
In other experiments , the team found that adolescent rats under the influence of alcohol had far more trouble than did tipsy adult rats when required repeatedly to locate a platform submerged in a tub of cloudy water and swim to it .
Dr. Swartzwelder said it was likely that in human teenagers , analogous neural mechanisms might explain alcohol " blackouts "  a lack of memory for events that occur during a night of heavy drinking without a loss of consciousness .
Blackouts were once thought to be a symptom of advanced adult alcoholism , but researchers have recently discovered just how frequent they are among teenagers as well .
Image Toren Volkmann has written a book about his problems with alcohol , which began at age 14 .
Credit ... Sandy Huffaker for The New York Times
In a 2002 e-mail survey of 772 Duke undergraduates , Dr. White and Dr. Swartzwelder found that 51 percent of those who drank at all had had at least one blackout in their drinking lifetimes ; they reported an average of three blackouts apiece .
Marine charged with war crimes revokes guilty plea
David Edwards
Published : Tuesday February 13 , 2007 Print This Email This
A Marine corporal accused of murder and kidnapping in Hamdania , Iraq , surprised the court when he withdrew his guilty plea last Thursday .
" Cpl. Trent Thomas , 25 , told a judge Thursday he no longer believes he is guilty and was following a lawful order , " the Associated Press reported .
" He had earlier pleaded guilty to several charges , including kidnapping and murder . "
The devout Christian had originally pleaded guilty in a plea deal offered by the prosecution that could have lessened his prison time .
Thomas had been facing a life sentence .
The Marine now will face the unlikely penalty of death when new charges are filed .
None of the three other Marines charged in the incident have withdrawn their guilty pleas .
They face two years in prison and must admit that they knew orders to kidnap the Iraqi man were unlawful .
" You stop looking at people as people , " Cpl. Trent Thomas says in the interview filmedin his lawyer 's office on February 7 , before Thomas withdrew his guilty plea .
Thomas thought the killings might " send a message " to insurgents plotting attacks .
" At the time , I felt that I was doing what I had to do , " he said .
" Now that I 'm back here , I know that it was wrong what we did , and for that I am truly sorry . "
" He killed an innocent man that day because he was ordered to do it , " CNN said Thomas ' lawyer said about the changing of his plea to not guilty .
CNN interviews Marine Cpl. Trent Thomas in the following video :
Source Code for Biology and Medicine considers manuscripts on all aspects of workflow for information systems , decision support systems , client user networks , database management , and data mining .
The journal aims to publish source code for distribution and use in the public domain in order to advance biological and medical research .
Through this dissemination , it may be possible to shorten the time required for solving certain computational problems for which there is limited source code availability or resources .
Fundamentally , the overarching computation - related goals of the journal are to :
Responding to the myriad complaints over ambiguities and outright uncool ( that 's a technical term ) licensing terms , Microsoft has revised the Windows Vista retail license to remove some of the most major causes of complaint .
A Microsoft spokesperson told Ars Technica that the changes do indeed come in response to concerns from the PC enthusiast community .
" We heard that users wanted more flexibility , and this change should give hardware enthusiasts in particular more latitude to upgrade their PCs or reassign their license to a new PC , while still making clear our intentions to protect our software from piracy , " the spokesperson said .
A previous version of the Windows Vista retail license restricted the number of times you may transfer Vista from one device to another .
The license read : " The first user of the software may reassign the license to another device one time .
If you reassign the license , that other device becomes the ' licensed device . ' "
The new license has removed this language relating to device transfers , and now reads : " You may install one copy of the software on the licensed device .
You may use the software on up to two processors on that device at one time .
Except as provided in the Storage and Network Use ( Ultimate edition ) sections below , you may not use the software on any other device . "
Furthermore , Microsoft has clarified the licenses with regards to re-installation .
" You may uninstall the software and install it on another device for your use .
You may not do so to share this license between devices , " the license reads .
Additionally , Microsoft clarified transfer rights to other users .
You can transfer your license of Windows Vista to another user provided that you uninstall the original copy and do not keep any of the materials from the original installation .
Microsoft's Nick
White also said that the move came after PC enthusiasts complained about the limitation .
" Our intention behind the original terms was genuinely geared toward combating piracy ; however , it s become clear to us that those original terms were perceived as adversely affecting an important group of customers : PC and hardware enthusiasts , " he wrote on the Windows Vista blog .
" We respect the time and expense you go to in customizing , building and rebuilding your hardware and we heard you that the previous terms were seen as an impediment to that -- it s for that reason we ve made this change . "
Additionally , earlier this week Microsoft told Ars Technica that the Software Protection Platform that monitors Windows Vista installations for license compliance is more forgiving than previous attempts .
A Microsoft spokesperson told Ars Technica that " the hardware tolerance of product activation for Windows Vista has been improved and is more flexible than that for Windows XP , " indicating that re-activations caused by minor changes to a PC should be less common .
" We believe these improvements will better accommodate the needs of our PC enthusiast customers , " the spokesperson said .
OEM licenses still different
It bears repeating , however , the the OEM license that comes with Vista is indeed similar to the Windows XP OEM license in that it forbids any kind of transfer .
As we have previously reported , users have nevertheless had success transferring those copies of Windows , but they are technically stepping outside of the bounds of the EULA when doing so .
You can check out the updated license here .
News Release 06-002
All In a Week's Work
New report tells which doctorate holders work the most
According to newly released data , biologists and agricultural scientists work the most hours .
January 3 , 2006
This material is available primarily for archival purposes .
Telephone numbers or other contact information may be out of date ; please see current contact information at media contacts .
Computer scientists and engineers work more than mathematicians or psychologists do , and biologists and agricultural scientists work more than everyone , says an NSF survey of the average work weeks of doctoral scientists and engineers .
Also , the report said , when the worker 's household includes non-adult children , women declared shorter work weeks than did men who had the same number of children .
In households with no children , women and men work equal numbers of hours .
Thomas B. Hoffer and Karen Grigorian , of the University of Chicago 's National Opinion Research Center , analyzed data from NSF 's 2003 Survery of Doctorate Recipients taken for the reference week of Oct. 1 of that year .
The survey looked at 530,962 doctorate holders working in three broad sectors , including education , which was primarily university level teaching and research , industry and government .
Educators averaged 50.6 hours of work for the week , while those in industry averaged 47.6 hours .
Those employed by federal , state or local governments worked the fewest hours , averaging 45.2 per week .
As for the postdocs ?
They reported working 50.3 hours per week on average -- " less than the nontenured tenure - track faculty , but more than non -tenure track individuals , and not significantly different from tenured faculty , " the survey says .
Although the differences between employment sectors and fields of work boil down to an extra hour or so a couple of days a week , the authors say the figures have only a 5 percent chance of being random variations .
Some highlights of the report :
All employment sectors
Field of Doctorate Mean hours worked per week Biological and agricultural sciences 50.53 Computer and information sciences 49.33 Engineering 48.64 Health sciences 49.57 Mathematical sciences 47.33 Physical Sciences 48.26 Psychology 46.62 Social sciences 48.80
NSF published the InfoBrief , All In a Week 's Work : Average Work Weeks of Doctoral Scientists and Engineers , in Dec. 2005 .
- NSF -
Media Contacts
Leslie Fink , National Science Foundation , ( 703 ) 292-5395 , email : lfink@nsf.gov
Program Contacts
John Tsapogas , National Science Foundation , ( 703 ) 292-7799 , email : jtsapogas@nsf.gov
Principal Investigators
Thomas B. Hoffer , NORC , email : hoffer-tom@norc.uchicago.edu
The U.S. National Science Foundation propels the nation forward by advancing fundamental research in all fields of science and engineering .
NSF supports research and people by providing facilities , instruments and funding to support their ingenuity and sustain the U.S. as a global leader in research and innovation .
With a fiscal year 2020 budget of $ 8.3 billion , NSF funds reach all 50 states through grants to nearly 2,000 colleges , universities and institutions .
Each year , NSF receives more than 40,000 competitive proposals and makes about 11,000 new awards .
Those awards include support for cooperative research with industry , Arctic and Antarctic research and operations , and U.S. participation in international scientific efforts .
Get News Updates by Email
Connect with us online
NSF website : nsf.gov
NSF News : nsf.gov/news
For News Media : nsf.gov/news/newsroom
Statistics : nsf.gov/statistics /
Awards database : nsf.gov/awardsearch /
Follow us on social
Twitter : twitter.com/NSF and twitter.com/NSFspox
Facebook : facebook.com/US.NSF
Instagram : instagram.com/nsfgov
October 27 , 2006 at 18:12 Tags Lisp
When someone says that " people like flocking , like sheep " it 's usually meant in a derogatory way .
However , when it comes to programming , flocking may be very useful .
If you 're a dedicated hacker , you can surely have a lot of fun implementing a language of your own , adding to it tools of your own , and using it to develop software , but when it comes to solving real problems rather than reinventing the wheel all the time , when it comes to creating interesting and useful programs quickly and effectively , a strong community support is essential .
A strong , wide community means better modules that solve a wide range of already solved problems , in a more efficient way and with less bugs .
It also means a strong support base which you can use when you 're stuck solving your challenges .
This is what makes
Perl such a wonderful language for writing programs quickly .
Although the Perl 5 language itself is far from perfect , and many valid claims can be said about its deficiencies , its powerful user community still makes it the best language out there to just get things done .
CPAN - the Perl archive of modules and Perlmonks - the community forum , are the two best things about Perl , things other languages lack .
For there is no other language I know of that has a module archive as comprehensive and useful as CPAN , and as great a user community support as the one at Perlmonks .
On the other hand , there is Lisp .
I do n't want to start a discussion here , but in my humble opinion on a pure language - wise basis Lisp is superior to Perl ( and probably to any other language out there ) .
This is all good and well while hacking at toy projects for fun .
When it comes to creating real , useful applications quickly , Lisp falls far behind Perl .
The reason for this is , I believe , is fragmented , small and belligerent community .
First of all , the name Lisp stands for a family of programming languages .
The family consists of two major dialects - Common Lisp and Scheme and several smaller ones ( Newlisp , Arc , EuLisp and others ) .
Of the two major dialects , Common Lisp seems to be more practical and uniformly supported , as the Scheme community is smaller and is further sub - divided into different implementation specific dialects .
The Common Lisp community consists of a few loosely coupled module archives ( nothing even resembling CPAN in breadth and quality ) and a discussion group - comp.lang.lisp ( formerly a Usenet newsgroup , now part of Google Groups ) .
comp.lang.lisp has an interesting history , but to tell it I want to first define what a flame war is .
The term " flame war " was coined on Usenet to describe a discussion that has slided from professional rails and moved to personal insults - a heated exchange between two or more posters - a " noisy " brawl .
Such " wars " often result from people called " flamers " or " trolls " who act in a deliberately hostile and insulting way , such as posting " C sucks , long live Fortran " in comp.lang.c , or claiming for years that they 've found a simple proof of Fermat 's Last Theorem on sci.math , objecting any attempt to criticize the obviously incorrect proof steps they present ( look up " James Harris " on sci.math , or read this ) .
Well , comp.lang.lisp is a champion of flame wars .
In fact , it is my firm belief that during the past few years extensive flame wars made the group barely useful for sane discussion of Common Lisp .
The biggest problem here is a complete resistance to any form of introspection .
I will clarify this point : by introspection I mean the act of people discussing the relative merits of the language their group is devoted to , and acknowledging its shortcomings .
There is something in the comp.lang .
lisp atmosphere that 's wholesomely opposed to such study .
It probably did n't start with him , but one man 's acts have played a major role in this - the Norwegian Common Lisp programmer Erik Naggum .
Now would be a good time to search for " Erik Naggum " in the Common Lisp archive - 10 minutes spent reading the search results should leave a good understanding of what he was .
" Was " , because Naggum bade farewell from comp.lang.lisp a couple of years ago after another noisy flame war ( of which there were many ) .
And yet , as much as the CL community will hate to admit it , and as much as its leading members have fought against Naggum for years , in some metaphorical way Erik Naggum is what Common Lisp and its community are .
He is an experienced programmer of the highest level - his wizardry is apparent from the serious discussions he took place in .
This is probably what leads to his inflated sense of total and utter perfection .
Any objection , any misunderstanding leads immediately to an articulate rebuttal which very quickly descends to personal tones .
And yes , I think it still represents the comp.lang.
lisp group , even in the post - Naggum area .
Just look up the latest debate of the shortcomings of Common Lisp that was incited by Steve Yegge .
Lisp is as close to a perfect programming language as any , and its zealots guard it rabidly .
Criticism is n't tolerated .
Ignorance is n't tolerated - which drives many newbies away quite quickly .
Lisp has been attacked so much before , that any post by a newbie meekly seeking an advice on some arcane feature gets immediately interpreted as criticism and turns into a flame war .
True , Erik Naggum was the main cause of such flame wars in the past , but he was n't the only one .
Wake up , Common Lisp gurus - your language is so unpopular because of you - there is no one else to blame .
If you ever asked yourself why is CL much less popular than the obviously " brain dead " Perl ( paraphrasing Naggum 's favorite Perl quote ) , the answer is the community , that is you .
Try logging into Perlmonks , and ask a simple newbie question , wondering why something works like this and not that .
Note the answers you will get .
Unless your post is obvious flame bait , you will be answered in a helpful way , often by some of the most high - standing Perl luminaries .
Now , compare this to comp.lang.lisp !
So , true , Lisp is a great language .
Many seasoned programmers come to acknowledge it after a few years of looking for the best language to program in .
However , after 40 years , it 's still not ready for the " big world " , and that 's because of the user community .
Once comp.lang.lisp learns to accept that ( 1 ) their language is not perfect , but there 's nothing fundamentally bad about it , and ( 2 ) not all programmers are wizards , especially in their first couple of years on the craft , Common Lisp might just experience a renaissance .
I sure hope to see that happen .
It is no secret that the MPAA and other anti-piracy organizations track down alleged pirates by uploading fake torrents .
Up until now it was always unclear where those files came from , and how to identify them .
The MPAA and other anti-piracy watchdogs try to trap people into downloading fake torrents , so they can collect IP addresses , and send copyright infringement letters to ISPs .
They hire a company to put up fake copies of popular movies , music albums , and TV series .
They even use pirate like filenames such as  Battlestar Galactica S03E07 REPACK DSR XviD - ORENJi  and  Miami Vice [ 2006 ] DvDrip [ Eng ] - aXXo  .
One of the btjunkie admins has found a unique way to identify trackers that host these fake files , which makes it easy to efficiently remove them .
Virtually all the servers that spread these fake files are located in Southern California and Las Vegas .
The administrators of these servers follow patterns that make it easy to identify them .
The content of the trackers and seed amounts make them stand out .
There are more unique characteristics , but we wont reveal all the tricks because they could take counter measures .
Here are some examples of servers that host and track fake torrents :
Tracker 1 , Tracker 2 , Tracker 3 & Tracker 4 . ( Screenshots : One & Two )
All the information was provided to me by one of the admins of btjunkie , who works together on this with other torrent site admins .
He says that the MPAA and friends use a variety of tactics .
The tracker will either stall everyone at around 90 % or the content will just be a blank monochrome screen .
 I really think this is being done by professionals with a budget , that s a lot of servers to setup and it takes some expertise to setup in the manner that they did it ,  says the btjunkie admin .
 I do nt think I really need to say who would spend money on something like this . 
Here are some good examples of how these fake torrents clutter up the search results .
Virtually all of those X marked torrents are coming from the ip - ranges we mentioned , and are fake files .
The good thing is that Torrentportal s report system is well used by their users .
The server boxes that host these torrents fall in serveral ip - ranges .
Here are a few of the ranges that were discovered recently .
You can easily add these to the blocklist of your torrent client ( if it supports one ) , filewall , or blocklist manager .
66.172.60.XXX , 66.177.58.XXX , 66.180.205.XXX , 209.204.61.XXX , 216.151.155.XXX
The anti-piracy servers use hostnames like 101tracker.dhcp.biz , aplustorrents.qhigh.com , bitnova.squirly.info , bittorment.ocry.com , and pirate - trakkrz.leet.la .
All these hostnames can be traced back to the same IP Ranges , these ranges contain possibly hundreds of fake trackers , so feel free to block them :
A list of infohashes of fake torrents can be found over here .
Note that it s not only MPAA material that is hosted on these fake trackers .
It is more likely that the servers are owned and operated by an organization that logs IP addresses for several copyright owners and or anti-piracy organizations .
Update : according to one of out readers these ip - ranges belong to  Media Defender  , a company that is hired by copyright owners , to log IP - addresses .
This reader , who worked for Media Defender until recently , confirmed that some of the torrents that were mentioned , are indeed on the MPAA s list .
Posted on March 7 , 2007 in Articles
Drug use among the British elder generation and the country s youth has soared over the past few years as discussed earlier today in the BBC .
It seems that substance use among the elderly has risen to a rampant new high .
Grandparents in the UK have been observed smoking , and even GROWING marijuana .
Today s article details the story of a 68 - year old grandmother , named Patricia , ( perhaps an alias ? ) from Humshaugh , England , who has been convicted of possessing and cultivating pot .
These types of charges carry serious penalties in the United States , and presumably most of the rest of the free world .
Patricia manages to avoid time in the slammer , probably due to the expert legal counsel of some of the top drug law experts in the UK , and instead has been sentenced to 250 hours of community service .
She comments in the article that when the probation officers come to check on her , she ll be slipping them some  medicated  biscuits or tea- a direct threat directed at a law enforcement agent .
Be warned , this is just one of the many dangerous aging drug lords that run rampant these days .
Given this situation , it might be prudent to spend your time with a youth .
Unfortunately , it appears that they too have been infiltrated by the drug economy .
Use of amphetamines is up sharply amongst these Brits  by some measures 12.3 % over a 3 - year period .
As you might imagine , for a staunch anti-drug advocate such as myself , this all this boils down to one issue for me : Nancy Reagan s  Just Say No  campaign .
It s clear the elderly were already too involved in drugs for this to have an effect  and the youth had not been born yet .
It s obvious what we need to do to counteract this issue .
A  surge  in the War on Drugs !
Cannabis Grandmother Spared Jail [ BBC Online ]
Use of Hyperactivity Drugs Soars [ BBC Online ]
From : Russell Brunson
Boise , Idaho
My name is Russell Brunson , and I 'm part of an underground group of entrepreneurs that you 've probably never heard of .
Yet you 've probably seen our companies consistently hitting the INC 500 list as some of the fastest growing companies in the world .
Which is kinda crazy , especially considering the fact that we launched just 5 short years ago , and we did it with just a few guys in a tiny office in Boise , Idaho .
The Bush administration has done a terrible job of explaining its decision to fire eight United States attorneys .
Story after story has proved to be untrue : that the prosecutors who were fired were poor performers ; that the White House was not involved in the purge .
But the administration has been strangely successful in pushing its message that the scandal is at worst a political misdeed , not a criminal matter .
It is true , as the White House keeps saying , that United States attorneys serve  at the pleasure of the president ,  which means he can dismiss them whenever he wants .
But if the attorneys were fired to interfere with a valid prosecution , or to punish them for not misusing their offices , that may well have been illegal .
In law schools , it is common to give an exam called the  issue spotter ,  in which students are given a set of facts and asked to identify all the legal issues and possible crimes .
The facts about the purge are still emerging .
But based on what is known  and with some help from Congressional staff members and Stephen Gillers , a law professor at New York University  it was not hard to spot that White House and Justice Department officials , and members of Congress , may have violated 18 U.S.C.  1501 - 1520 , the federal obstruction of justice statute .
Some crimes that a special prosecutor might one day look at :
1. Misrepresentations to Congress .
The relevant provision , 18 U.S.C.  1505 , is very broad .
It is illegal to lie to Congress , and also to  impede  it in getting information .
Deputy Attorney General Paul McNulty indicated to Congress that the White House s involvement in firing the United States attorneys was minimal , something that Justice Department e-mail messages suggest to be untrue .
By Matthew Davis
BBC News , Washington
Some say police units increasingly resemble military teams
The recent killing of an unarmed Virginia doctor has raised concerns about what some say is an explosion in the use of military - style police Swat teams in the United States .
Armed with assault rifles , stun grenades - even armoured personnel carriers - units once used only in highly volatile situations are increasingly being deployed on more routine police missions .
Dr Salvatore Culosi
Jr had come out of his townhouse to meet an undercover policeman when he was shot through the chest by a Special Weapons and Tactics force .
It was about 2135 on a chilly January evening .
The 37 - year - old optometrist was unarmed , he had no history of violence and displayed no threatening behaviour .
But he had been under investigation for illegal gambling and in line with a local police policy on " organised crime " raids , the heavily armed team was there to serve a search warrant .
Dr Salvatore Culosi was unarmed when he was accidentally shot
As officers approached with their weapons drawn , tragedy struck .
A handgun was accidentally discharged , fatally wounding Dr Culosi .
Two months on , investigations into the incident are still continuing , a delay which Dr Culosi 's family says is compounding the " horror and burden of it all " .
Salvatore Culosi
Sr , the dead man 's father , told the BBC : " I never knew him to carry so much as a pocket knife so it bewilders me how a detective could spend three months investigating my son and not know he is a pussy cat .
" If anything comes out of this it must be that another family does not experience this pain and anguish for absolutely no reason .
" Policy needs to change so these kinds of accidents never occur again . "
' Excessive force '
Professor Peter Kraska , an expert on police militarisation from Eastern Kentucky University , says that in the 1980s there were about 3,000 Swat team deployments annually across the US , but says now there are at least 40,000 per year .
What we find is that when Swat teams go out , shootings go down
John Gnagey
National Tactical Officers Association
" I have no problem with using these paramilitary style squads to go after known violent , armed criminals , but it is an extreme tactic to use against other sorts of suspects , " he said .
Dr Kraska believes there has been an explosion of units in smaller towns and cities , where training and operational standards may not be as high as large cities - a growth he attributes to " the hysteria " of the country 's war on drugs .
" I get several calls a month from people asking about local incidents - wrong address raids , excessive use of force , wrongful shootings - this stuff is happening all the time , " he adds .
Every wrongful death of a civilian , or criminal killing of a police officer , fuels the complex and emotive argument over the way the United States is policed .
Those who reject criticism of the use of Swat teams argue that the presence of the units actually prevents violence through the credible threat of overwhelming force .
John Gnagey , executive director of the National Tactical Officers Association , told the BBC : " What we find is that when Swat teams go out , shootings go down .
" We do n't see it as escalating anything .
We see it as reducing violence . "
The NTOA rejects Dr Kraska 's figures and says the actual number of deployments is far lower , but says there is a need for national training standards .
An NTOA study of 759 Swat team deployments across the US , found half were for warrant service and a third for incidents where suspects had barricaded themselves in a building - 50 were for hostage situations .
When criminology professor David Klinger looked at 12 years of data on Swat teams in 1998 , he also found the most common reason for calling out teams was serving warrants , but that the units used deadly force during warrant service only 0.4 % of the time .
Recruitment video
Last year the Los Angeles Police Department ( LAPD ) commissioned music video director JC Barros to make them a 10 - minute film - To Protect and Serve - that would " get young men and women excited " about a career with the force .
The problem is that when you talk about the war on this and the war on that , and police officers see themselves as soldiers , then the civilian becomes the enemy
Dr Peter Kraska
Eastern Kentucky University
More action film than recruitment video , it follows two LAPD officers who - in one day - capture a robbery suspect , are first on the scene when a gun-toting man takes a woman hostage , mediate a fight , and help to find a young kidnap victim .
Along the way they are supported by colleagues from bike patrol , K - 9 dog teams , air support and , of course , the Swat team .
But Dr Kraska sees such initiatives as reflecting a changing culture of police work .
" These elite units are highly culturally appealing to certain sections of the police community .
They like it , they enjoy it , " he says .
" The chance to strap on a vest , grab a semi-automatic weapon and go out on a mission is for some people an exciting reason to join - even if policing as a profession can - and should - be boring for much of the time .
" The problem is that when you talk about the war on this and the war on that , and police officers see themselves as soldiers , then the civilian becomes the enemy . "
By Nick Thorpe
BBC News , Lebanese - Israeli border
Katyushas have a range several times greater than Qassams
Even to my untrained eye , a Katyusha rocket is a world apart from a Qassam .
A Russian journalist fished the broken tail of one , rather sheepishly , from the boot of his car , when I wondered aloud if any of the bangs and whimpers all around us were actually caused by incoming fire .
" We found it over there ... " he admitted , nodding at a wooded hillside .
The Qassams regularly fired by Palestinian militants in Gaza at Israeli towns have inflicted some casualties , but are crude , blunt instruments - rusty iron pipes welded together with engines and fins in secret workshops in Gaza .
What was left of this Katyusha betrayed a sleek , professional weapon - slimmer , steelier , more lethal than its homemade brother .
The Qassams mostly needle the Israelis , like pinpricks in the ankles of a giant , taunting him to stamp back with his big , US - issue army boots .
The Katyushas are like poisoned arrows .
They drive him mad .
Vying for position
Driving through sleepy mountain villages in northern Galilee this week , along Israel 's border with Lebanon , I began to understand Israel 's fear .
Different Arab peoples in this region are vying with one another to become Israel 's greatest enemy .
By killing eight soldiers in a border raid and its aftermath on Wednesday , and taking two more hostages , Hezbollah has leap - frogged Hamas to take pole position in a gruesome competition : who can damage the Jewish state the most .
Television pictures of the burnt - out Israeli military vehicles , ambushed by Hezbollah on the border , the discarded military equipment lying on the tarmac and the pools of Israeli blood , have already become iconic for both the Israeli and Palestinian public .
For many Palestinians , there is proof at last that the state which has taken 78 % of what they regard as their land since the foundation of Israel in 1948 - and every day seems to take a little more - can actually be beaten .
Not in the overall war perhaps , but in an isolated skirmish .
For the Israelis , the death of its soldiers , and the steady rain of Katyushas , is a national insult - a declaration of war .
Their air attacks on Beirut , on southern Lebanon , and on the roads leading to Syria and their constant artillery shelling of what they believe are Hezbollah positions , have escalated the conflict .
The giant is kicking out , then landing punch after punch on long - suffering Lebanon .
Tunnels and fences
We took a strange route to the Lebanese border .
ISRAEL IN LEBANON March 1978 : Israel invades to stop Palestinian attacks 1982 : Full - scale invasion ; Israel occupies Beirut ; pro-Israel militias massacre Palestinian refugees May 1983 : Israel pulls back , but keeps " security zone " February 1992 : Israeli air strike kills Hezbollah leader 1996 : Israel launches " Grapes of Wrath " raids on Hezbollah ; 100 civilians die under Israeli shelling of UN base at Qana May 2000 : Israel withdraws troops from Lebanon January 2004 : Prisoners - bodies swap agreed between Hezbollah and Israel
In pictures : Aftermath In quotes : World reaction Who are Hezbollah ?
In fact , we left Jerusalem that morning without the slightest inkling that we would watch a bloodshot moon rise over the Golan heights that night .
We were on our way to the northern town of Jenin - to investigate reports that Palestinian militants have managed to build Qassam rockets there too - when the phone rang to divert us towards Lebanon .
Driving down Highway 60 - the spine of the superstructure Israel has built on the West Bank - one understands the resentment and the sense of oppression the Palestinians feel .
Smart , middle - class Israeli settlements have sprung up on virgin hillsides , watered by springs often diverted from Palestinian villages .
Tunnels and fences have been erected by the occupier to keep Palestinians away from Israeli roads , Israeli settlements and Israeli soldiers .
Increasingly confined by barriers and checkpoints into little reservations , it is little wonder that Palestinians applaud Sheikh Nasrallah , the spiritual head of the Hezbollah , when he calls for the release of some of the thousands of Palestinian prisoners held by Israel .
" Only violence pays , " has been the lesson often taught both by Israel , and by the many militant groups who oppose her in the Middle East .
And pupils on both sides have graduated with honours .
Living in fear
In Jerusalem I met my old friend , Dov , who works for the Jewish People Planning Institution - a think tank trying to forecast and defuse new sources of danger to Jews the world over .
" As we try to protect the Jews in Israel from attack , " he told me , " we 're increasingly afraid of attacks on soft targets abroad - like Jewish schools and synagogues in Europe and beyond . "
One of his institute 's initiatives is to try to influence young Muslims in France , whose grievances are sometimes expressed in anti-Semitism and who drew world attention during last year 's riots in the suburbs of French cities .
" On your travels , you must often be asked to justify Israel 's policy towards the Palestinians ? " I asked , innocently .
" We do n't engage with that question at all , " he said .
" We just ask people to tell us about their own lives , their own problems . "
I disagree , as gently as I can .
Until there is a broad peace agreement in the Middle East , it seems to me , not imposed by Israel , but agreed by all sides , I fear his people , and for that matter mine , will be the targets .
In the last village before the highway , oblivious to the danger of rockets , a young man pushes a cart loaded to the sky with white eggs .
In the other direction come lorries , loaded with shells , for Israeli tanks to launch into Lebanon .
From Our Own Correspondent was broadcast on Saturday 15 July , 2006 at 1130 BST on BBC Radio 4 .
Please check the programme schedules for World Service transmission times .
For decades , space experts have worried that a speeding bit of orbital debris might one day smash a large spacecraft into hundreds of pieces and start a chain reaction , a slow cascade of collisions that would expand for centuries , spreading chaos through the heavens .
In the last decade or so , as scientists came to agree that the number of objects in orbit had surpassed a critical mass  or , in their terms , the critical spatial density , the point at which a chain reaction becomes inevitable  they grew more anxious .
Early this year , after a half - century of growth , the federal list of detectable objects ( four inches wide or larger ) reached 10,000 , including dead satellites , spent rocket stages , a camera , a hand tool and junkyards of whirling debris left over from chance explosions and destructive tests .
Now , experts say , China s test on Jan. 11 of an antisatellite rocket that shattered an old satellite into hundreds of large fragments means the chain reaction will most likely start sooner .
If their predictions are right , the cascade could put billions of dollars  worth of advanced satellites at risk and eventually threaten to limit humanity s reach for the stars .
PR

1980
  

  
 Java

3JavaGenericsIBMJavaGenerics
OCaml
   MLOCaml" OCaml " " Objective Caml " "
Hello
" getprinthello
# let hello = object ( self ) method get = " Hello
" method print = print_string self # get end ; ; val hello : < get : string ; print : unit > = < obj > #
print_string OCamlm1 , m2 , ...
object ( self ) method m1 =  1 method m2 =  2 ... end
xmx#mhelloprint
# hello#print ;; Hello - : unit = ( ) #
helloobject ( self ) self  printself#getget"
Hello
"  
123
# let int123 = object ( self ) method get = 123 method print = print_int self # get end ; ; val int123 : < get : int ; print : unit > = < obj > # int123 #print ;; 123- : unit = ( ) #

OCaml
hellogetunitCvoidprintint123
 xxprint
# let invoke_print x = x#print ;; val invoke_print : < print : ' a ; .. > -> ' a = < fun > #
< print : ' a ; .. > 'aprintinvoke_printprint'a
helloint123invoke_print'aunitget
# invoke_print hello ;; Hello - : unit = () # invoke_print int123 ;; 123- : unit = ( ) #
 JavaC++OCaml
OCamlCPUCPUC
 
OCamlis-astructural subtypingJavaC++nominal subtyping
printprintable
# type printable = < print : unit > ;; type printable = < print : unit > #
type printable = ...  printable < print : unit >unitprint
helloint123printable
# ( hello :> printable ) ;; - : printable = < obj > # ( int123 :> printable ) ;; - : printable = < obj > #
( x :> t)xthelloint123printable
  invoke_printprintOCamlhelloint123

object ...
endOCamlJavaC++
# class strobj x = object ( self ) method get = x method print = print_string self # get end ;; class strobj : string -> object method get : string method print : unit end # let hello = new strobj " Hello
" ; ; val hello : strobj = < obj > # hello#print ;; Hello - : unit = ( ) #
  class strobj x = ...  strobjnew strobj " Hello
" x  " Hello
" strobj
newx
# let new_strobj x = object ( self ) method get = x method print = print_string self # get end ; ; val new_strobj : string -> < get : string ; print : unit > = < fun > # let hello = new_strobj " Hello
" ; ; val hello : < get : string ; print : unit > = < obj > # hello#print ;; Hello - : unit = ( ) #
newstrobjlength
# class strobj2 x = object ( self ) inherit strobj x as super method length = String . length self # get end ;; class strobj2 : string -> object method get : string method length : int method print : unit end # let hell o2 = new strobj2 " Hello
" ; ; val hell o2 : strobj2 = < obj > # hello2#length ;; - : int = 6 #
  inherit strobj x as super   strobjsuperas super
 
is-a
# class point ( pos : int ) = object ( self : ' self_type ) method get_pos = pos method is_equal_to ( p : ' self_type ) = ( p#get_pos = self # get_pos ) end ;; class point : int -> object ( ' a ) method get_pos : int method is_equal_to : ' a -> bool end # class colored_point ( pos : int ) ( color : int ) = object ( self : ' self_type ) inherit point pos as super method get_color = color method is_equal_to ( p : ' self_type ) = ( p#get_pos = self # get_pos ) && ( p#get_color = self # get_color ) end ;; class colored_point : int -> int -> object ( ' a ) method get_color : int method get_pos : int method is_equal_to : ' a -> bool end # let cp = new colored_point 123 255 ; ; val cp : colored_point = < obj > # ( cp :> point ) ;; Characters 1 - 3 : ( cp :> point ) ;; ^^
This expression cannot be coerced to type point = < get_pos : int ; is_equal_to : point -> bool > ; it has type colored_point = < get_color : int ; get_pos : int ; is_equal_to : colored_point -> bool > but is here used with type < get_pos : int ; is_equal_to : point -> bool ; .. >
Type colored_point = < get_color : int ; get_pos : int ; is_equal_to : colored_point -> bool > is not compatible with type point = < get_pos : int ; is_equal_to : point -> bool >
Only the first object type has a method get_color #

pointget_posis_equal_to
colored_pointpointget_coloris_equal_to
colored_point# ( cp :> point ) ;;pointcolored_pointpointp#get_color
# let p = new point 456 ; ; val p : point = < obj > # let cp = new colored_point 789 255 ; ; val cp : colored_point = < obj > # ( cp :> point ) #is_equal_to p ;; (*  *)
is_equal_toinheritance is not subtyping 
http://portal.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=96721&dl=ACM&coll=portal
  is - a  inheritance is not subtyping  is-aprintableis-aC++JavaUML
For years , cyclists who ride on city streets have cherished an unusual superstition : if they wear a helmet , they are more likely to get hit by a car .
 I belong to an e-mail list for cyclists , and they complain about this all the time ,  says Ian Walker , a psychologist at the University of Bath who rides his bike to work every day .
But could this actually be true ?
Walker decided to find out  putting his own neck on the line .
He rigged his bicycle with an ultrasonic sensor that could detect how close each car was that passed him .
Then he hit the roads , alternately riding with a helmet and without for two months , until he had been passed by 2,500 cars .
Examining the data , he found that when he wore his helmet , motorists passed by 8.5 centimeters ( 3.35 inches ) closer than when his head was bare .
He had increased his risk of an accident by donning safety gear .
Why ?
You might suspect that cyclists wearing helmets are more prone to take risks .
But studies have found otherwise .
The real answer , Walker theorizes , is that helmets change the behavior of drivers .
Motorists regard a helmet as a signal that the cyclist is experienced and thus can be approached with less caution .
 They see the helmet and think , Oh , there s a serious , skilful person ,  Walker says .
 And you get hit . 
Walker will publish his findings next year in the journal Accident Analysis & Prevention .
After a preprint of the article was circulated to colleagues , he was flooded with angry e-mail .
Was nt he giving cyclists a green light to doff their headgear ?
Walker takes a more diplomatic approach .
The mere fact that drivers are responding to a helmet means that they are making judgments , however unconscious , about cyclists .
That means a government advertising campaign could retrain drivers to make the opposite judgment : a helmeted rider deserves just as much space .
We all remember how horrified Malkin and Donohue were that Edwards had bloggers on his team that made references to " Christofascists " and other statements that offended their delicate sensibilities .
Here we have a self - professed Christian advocating murder .
Will his boss , presidential contender ( such as it is ) Duncan Hunter be held accountable for that ?
John Amato : I 'm waiting for Wolf Blitzer 's " Breaking News " on this any minute now .... I 'm still waiting .... I 'm still waiting
The Carpetbagger Report :
In 1997 , shortly after I finished grad school , I started working at Americans United for Separation of Church and State .
My very first project , literally in my first week , dealt with a Republican member of South Carolina 's Board of Education , who wanted to impose Christianity on public school students .
When one of his colleagues on the board alluded to concerns about religious minorities in the state , this board member said , on tape , " Screw the Buddhists and kill the Muslims .
And put that in the minutes . " ( emphasis added )
The guy 's name was Henry Jordan .
I got to work trying to force his resignation , but to no avail .
I helped drum up some media interest , but the GOP establishment in South Carolina stood by Jordan , the response from local voters was tepid , and he kept his job looking out for the educational needs of children .
This week , my old friend Jordan got a new political gig .
I met Nicole Richie once .
I am not writing this to sound like I am a celebrity fucker or to say that I m so hooked up or cool .
Because let s face it , there s nothing cool about Nicole Richie and if I was hooked up , I would nt be typing this shit to you .
It was all just a big mistake that ended up with me and her being carted around with her bodyguards .
In the beginning of her Simple Life career , when she was a recovering heroin addict who replaced the heroin with donuts , because addicts always replace one addiction with another , and her addiction then was eating and now it s not eating or over exercising , but that s not what I wanted to get at because I am not some kind of psychoanalyst .
I wanted to say that she was edited proper on the Simple Life show and they made the world think she was a funny and reckless person who pranked everyone she came across .
She was the funny fat girl who had her brain going for her and nothing else .
After meeting her last summer , I realized that shit s all a lie and that the producers of the show are fucking with all of us .
She s exactly what you think she d be  a fucking retarded ditzy piece of shit .
I am not going to lie , when the promoters mistakenly thought I was DJ AM and Nicole Richie s Montreal friend , I liked the free cocktails they kept handing me .
But everytime I tried striking up conversation with the slut , she looked back at me with empty and confused eyes like I was speaking to her in another language while dressed like a clown and dancing a jig .
If you do nt get what I am talking about here , I am talking about the way a 20 year old sexually frustrated retarded person looks at a girl in a bathing suit at the public pool on a hot summer day  .
I m talking public masturbation and awe , cuz that s just what retards do .
I remember telling a retard on a work program I was part of that one of the girls had a nipple ring and they caught him in the entrance rubbing on out to her  employee of the month  picture .
Either way , she was well on her way to skinny and she looked hot and still does .
She just takes a bad picture .
I admit have no standards , but think that you re ugly so figure that one out  .
Speaking of Ugly , here is MUNG s best post to date .
I actually read it .
I do nt agree with what he s saying and think that calling her too skinny is played out but you guys can decide .
The other thing I have to say is that Tim Horton s is a coffee shop and a double double is redneck Canadian for 2 milks and 2 sugars .
Just sorting it out .
Now here s MUNG .
Nicole Richie makes me sick .
Now , when I am talking about sick , I mean throwing up bile and blood , and shitting liquid out of my anus .
I swear I saw her on Sunday morning sitting in a pile of sand with flies buzzing around her eyelids while Alex Trebek and Sally Strothers were telling me that  for the price of a cup of coffee per day , I could help support the starving in Africa  .
You know what ?
I would rather let this bitch die while I sip on a large double / double from Tim Hortons .
Who the fuck does she think she is , getting d- list celebrities to ask me for money to help save her .
I hope the flies eat her , and her body starts eating her stomach lining and when she dies from starvation I will use her bones as windchimes in my backyard .
I do nt have a backyard , but a motherfucker can dream ca nt he ???
Fuck this stupid bitch and the horse she rode in on .
Now go fuck off .
MUNG
These are pics from the Estee Lauder Event Yesterday Afternoon
These are pics from the Teen Vogue Event Last Night
These are pics from 2 days ago
And These are pics Mung Sent in from God Knows
When  .
Remember Ladies 
Put that burger / cake / tub of ice cream cuz your sad  down  .
There s no such thing as too skinny  .
I am  Nicole Richie Is Fat of the Day
Posted in : Uncategorized |Unsorted
" Regards sur la bte " (  Aspects of the beast )
This exhibition was on show at the Chambry Modern Art Museum in France , from 15th November 2005 to 30th May 2006 .
Each of the postures corresponds to a human sexuality position as described by the Kama Sutra .
The artist who produced these sculptures , a French national who was born in the Alps in 1963 , kept this collection away from the public eye in his workshop for a long time .
He finally accepted that a photomontage of these works be made , as long as he himself is left in peace ...
We hope that the quality of the presentation will give you a good idea of the impressiveness and realism of the depicted scenes .
The collection is composed of twenty sculptures in white marble .
The will be added to the photomontage as and when they are scanned .
Let 's Reconsider
That
Offensive Coding
by Michael Feathers
July 14 , 2006
Summary
Tempted to code defensively ?
Maybe it 's because you 're dealing with offensive code .
Advertisement
Here 's a little sample of code :
private void addResolution ( List < Flag > flags ) { if ( flags != null ) { if ( supportedAdapters.contains ( Adapter .
LOW ) || supportedAdapters.contains ( Adapter.MEDIUM ) ) { flags.add ( new ResolutionFlag( ADAPTED ) ) ; } } }
What s wrong with it ?
No , it s not the control flow .
Sure , we could replace the conditional with a guard clause and get rid of some indentation , but the problem is more subtle than that .
Most people are blind to it because it s in their face every day .
The problem is this line :
if ( flags != null )
Spurious null checks are a symptom of bad code .
That s not to say that null checks are wrong .
If a vendor gives you a library that can return null , you re obliged to check for null .
And , if people are passing null all over the place in your code , it makes sense to keep putting some null checks in , but , you know what ?
That just means that you re dealing with bad code : you 're dealing with code where people are actively making extra work for themselves and making code brittle in the process .
I ve gotten more diplomatic over the years , but in one my early programming jobs , the guy who hired me called me over to his office and showed me a scheme that he d created for our classes .
Every method that we called could set a flag if it determined that it was passed a bad parameter .
After a client called a method , it could check the flag and determine whether the call was successful or not .
I said  Oh , cool , we can call it the  was I stupid flag !  
He gave me a withering look I ll never forget , but he saw the point despite my youthful obnoxiousness : it was kind of silly to check afterwards if you could check before .
Why check for an error afterwards if you can avoid it to begin with ?
Passing null in production code is a very bad idea .
It s an example of what I call offensive programming  programming in way that encourages defensive programming .
The better way to code is to deal with nulls as soon as they happen and translate them to null objects or exceptions .
Unfortunately , this is nt common knowledge .
Let s look at an example .
Here s a method that builds a set of parameters from an array of integers :
public String [ ] getParameters ( ) { if ( intParms. length == 0 ) { return null ; } String [ ] result = new String[ intParms.length ] ; for ( int n = 0 ; n < intParms.length ; n++) { result [ n ] = " parameter " + intParms[n ] ; } return result ; }
Will everyone remember to check the return value for null ?
Probably not .
Okay , let s clean it up :
public String [ ] getParameters ( ) { String [ ] result = new String[ intParms.length ] ; for ( int n = 0 ; n < intParms.length ; n++) { result [ n ] = " parameter " + intParms[n ] ; } return result ; }
If we do nt have any parameters , we return an empty array .
The empty array is an example of a null object .. an object which gracefully handles an exceptional case .
Now that we 're always returning a valid array , there 's one less possible error .
When we program we always have the choice to program in a way which forces us to check for errors later or not .
The alternative is finesse the problem , to design in a way that makes errors impossible .
Making errors impossible is far better than handling them .
private void addResolution ( List < Flag > flags ) { if ( flags != null ) { if ( supportedAdapters.contains ( Adapter .
LOW ) || supportedAdapters.contains ( Adapter.MEDIUM ) ) { flags.add ( new ResolutionFlag( ADAPTED ) ) ; } } }
Let 's revisit the original example :
The method is private .
If we go back to all of the callers we can change them so that flags can never be null .
Then , we can clean up the code :
private void addResolution ( List < Flag > flags ) { if ( supportedAdapters.contains ( Adapter .
LOW ) || supportedAdapters.contains ( Adapter.MEDIUM ) ) { flags.add( new ResolutionFlag( ADAPTED ) ) ; } }
What we 've done here is introduce a stupid - free zone in the code .
If we tend it , it can grow .
Talk Back !
Have an opinion ?
Readers have already posted 67 comments about this weblog entry .
Why not add yours ?
RSS Feed
If you 'd like to be notified whenever Michael Feathers adds a new entry to his weblog , subscribe to his RSS feed .
About the Blogger
Michael has been active in the XP community for the past five years , balancing his time between working with , training , and coaching various teams around the world .
Prior to joining Object Mentor , Michael designed a proprietary programming language and wrote a compiler for it , he also designed a large multi-platform class library and a framework for instrumentation control .
When he is n't engaged with a team , he spends most of this time investigating ways of altering design over time in codebases .
This weblog entry is Copyright  2006 Michael Feathers .
All rights reserved .
Nursing home owners face charges
Couple charged with 34 counts of negligent homicide
BATON ROUGE , Louisiana ( CNN ) --
The owners of St. Rita 's Nursing Home in St. Bernard Parish , where 34 people died as Hurricane Katrina hit , have been charged with negligent homicide , Louisiana Attorney General Charles Foti Jr. said Tuesday .
" They did not die of natural causes ; they drowned , " Foti told reporters .
" Thirty - four people drowned in a nursing home where they should have been evacuated . "
The attorney general said the home 's owners -- Mable and Salvador Mangano Sr. , both 65 -- surrendered Tuesday to Medicaid Fraud Control Unit investigators in Baton Rouge , where they were charged with 34 counts of negligent homicide and jailed prior to posting bond .
Each count carries up to five years in prison .
Jim Cobb , an attorney for the Manganos , told CNN that his clients did not abandon the patients who died .
The Manganos stayed in the nursing home through the storm with their children , grandchildren , and nieces and nephews , he said .
" We feel we have criminal negligence , " Foti said .
" They did not follow the standards of care that a reasonable person would follow in a similar circumstance . "
( Watch the attorney general explain the charges -- 4:23 )
He said the owners had plenty of opportunity to move their charges out of the facility .
The Manganos were asked if they wanted to evacuate the building and were offered buses ; in addition , they had signed last April a contract with Acadian Ambulance to provide transportation in the event an evacuation was needed , Foti said , but " they were never called . "
Cobb said the Manganos said they were never told about the mandatory evacuation , and the couple was concerned that had they prematurely moved their patients , many would have died .
Authorities in the parish east of New Orleans began retrieving the bodies of the 34 people from St. Rita 's on Wednesday , nine days after the storm hit and a huge storm surge consumed the home .
Foti said it was unclear all 34 bodies were patients , family members or people who had sought refuge in the home .
Between 40 and 50 other people were rescued from the facility , St. Bernard Parish Sheriff Jack Stevens said has said .
Meanwhile , President Bush on Tuesday said he takes responsibility for the federal government 's failures in responding to Hurricane Katrina .
" Katrina exposed serious problems in our response capability at all levels of government and to the extent the federal government did n't fully do its job right , I take responsibility , " Bush said during a joint news conference with Iraqi President Jalal Talabani .
Bush said he wants to know what went right and what went wrong so that he can determine whether the United States is prepared for another storm , or an attack .
( Watch the president 's statement -- 1:32 )
" I 'm not going to defend the process going in , but I am going to defend the people who are on the front line of saving lives , " Bush said .
( Full story )
Earlier in the day , the White House announced the president will address the nation Thursday night about recovery efforts in the Gulf Coast .
New Orleans may lose 160,000 homes
Katrina and the floodwaters that swept through New Orleans may have damaged 160,000 homes beyond repair , an official with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers said Tuesday .
Col .
Richard Wagenaar said that one of the local government 's biggest challenges would be letting residents return to look at their homes .
Water flowed into the city from Lake Pontchartrain through five breaches in three levees after the storm hit August 29 , leaving 80 percent of the city submerged .
( Watch Wagenaar describe the levee repairs -- 3:34 )
Workers should be able to pump the remaining water out of the city by the end of October , said Wagenaar , the New Orleans district commander of the Corps of Engineers .
" Wagenaar said the process would speed up once water recedes around the city 's main pumping station -- Pump Station No. 6 -- and its 1920s - era pumps can go back online .
That 's not expected for another two weeks .
( Watch the efforts to pump New Orleans dry -- 2:40 )
He said that workers were focusing on making " semi- permanent " repairs to the levee system that protects the low - lying city -- that could take two or three months .
More permanent fixes would be made once investigators have determined why the levees failed .
Bodies found in hospital
Rescue workers have removed 45 bodies from a downtown New Orleans hospital that was surrounded by floodwaters from Katrina , a spokeswoman for the Louisiana Department of Health and Hospitals said .
The bodies were recovered Sunday from Memorial Medical Center , spokeswoman Melissa Walker said .
Tenet Healthcare Corp. , the company that owns the hospital , said in a statement that " a significant number had passed before the hurricane . "
( Watch the grim process of recovering victims -- 1:34 )
Tenet spokesman Steven Campanini wrote that the hospital was told Wednesday " that we were on our own to evacuate , [ and ] we brought our own helicopters to take the patients out . "
He said , " Every living patient was evacuated by Friday afternoon . "
The statement said that once all of the patients were evacuated , officials brought in guards to secure the hospital until the coroner could remove the bodies .
Officials have confirmed 423 deaths in Louisiana in the wake of the hurricane .
Other developments
The acting head of the Federal Emergency Management Agency said Tuesday that the agency would focus on getting evacuees out of shelters and into more permanent homes .
David Paulison , a 30 - year veteran of fire and rescue work , was appointed Monday after Michael Brown resigned .
( Watch Paulison discuss FEMA 's plans )
Louisiana Gov. Kathleen Blanco lashed out at FEMA on Tuesday for what she said was a " lack of urgency and lack of respect " involving the recovery of bodies of Hurricane Katrina victims .
Blanco said she ordered the state to sign a contract with Kenyon International Monday , after Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff failed to live up to a promise to sign a contract with the organization .
( Full story )
New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin said Tuesday if an EPA water quality report comes back with the expected good results , he will reopen parts of New Orleans , including the French Quarter , for business next week .
The BURAN orbiter is the first reusable manned space vehicle in our country .
The BURAN orbiter is the space airplane which may descent from an orbit and land to an airdrome .
The BURAN is our first vehicle capable not only to put pay - loads into Space , but also to provide their orbit maintenance and repair as well as return to the Earth .
The BURAN predecessors could execute only separate roles : VOSTOK and SOYUS vehicles were intended only for crew flights , PROGRESS - for cargo delivery onto the orbital station .
Put into the orbit by a rocket carrier of the average size they had modest transport potentials .
Whereas the cargo flow on the Earth - orbit line increased and the development of a reusable vehicles of large carrying capacity has become inevitable .
The BURAN orbiter is able to put up to 30 tons into Space and to return up to 20 tons of payload to the Earth .
The availability of a cargo compartment of impressive sizes on the vehicle permits to transport orbital station modules or large structures up to 17 m long and 4,5 m in diameter and not only 2 - 4 crew members but up to 6 passengers can be accommodated in a crew cabin .
Expendable space vehicles perform a ballistic or sliding descent in the atmosphere and parachute landing .
The necessity to provide a space vehicle return from the Space and to bring it to the airdrome forced the designers to decide many complex problems .
The gliding descent from the orbit through dense layers of atmosphere has stipulated the necessity to use a principally new reusable thermal protection system designed to sustain 100 flights .
For the BURAN orbiter three kinds of thermal protection have been developed :
- " carbon - carbon " material with maximum operating temperature up to 1650 degrees C for the components with the highest thermal load - the fuselage nose and wing leading edge , - ceramic tiles for parts heating up to 1250 degrees C , - flexible material for surface parts with the temperature not higher than 379 degrees C . All of them surpassed by strength the materials used in the USA Space Shuttle construction .
USA Space Shuttle BURAN orbiter
Each of almost forty thousand tiles of ceramic thermal protection had its original geometry differing from the others by plane form , side surfaces view and inside and outside surfaces curvature , availability of cuts and notches .
The measurements of a real frame surface geometry under each tile in more than 100 points were made to ensure the tiles fitting closely .
To execute all this manually was impossible .
The special software was developed and as a result form building , manufacturing and installation of tiles were carried out completely on paperless technology without drawings and templates , using the bank data .
The bank data is based on the interface between a design office and plants .
The data bank information describtes the geometry , technology parameters and materials .
More than one billion manufacturing control and testing programmes are automatically generated on the plant .
The BURAN descending from a space orbit passes all possible for an airplane flight performances in the atmosphere starting with large hypersonic ( M - 25 ) up to landing ( M=0,2 ) speeds .
In this connection the aerodynamic scheme without a horizontal tail with a double swept wing , with elevons , rudder - aerodynamic brake and balance flap as control surfaces has been chosen .
This assembly has been worked up during wind tunnel tests and evaluated in the BOR - 5 suborbital flying model flights .
For working up the most responsible flight phase - landing approach and landing - the BURAN flying prototype was constructed .
In general it distinguished from the orbital vehicle by installation of four turbojet engines and accordingly by capability of an independent takeoff from the airfield .
24 flights were executed on the prototype , in 15 of them completely automatic mode landing was made .
There was no pilot onboard the orbiter but it having made two turns around the Earth completely automatically controlled touched the runway with the accuracy which experienced pilots could envy .
It was the first in the world automatic landing of a spaceplane .
The SPACE SHUTTLE defaults it so far .
The BURAN orbiter flight was a necessary step in the space engineering progress but it has left its trace not only in this field .
Born in the course of work on the BURAN project new materials , technologies , computer designing methods and equipment components find an application in far , at first sight , from Space branches of economy .
We are glad to introduce the last ( 2.0 release ) version of Buran orbiter 3D ' roentgen ' sketch .
The main differences between the space aeroplane Buran and Suttle - orbiter are follows : - the automatic landing of Buran from orbit onto airdrome ; - the absence ot the main rocket engine on the orbital aeroplane .
The main engine was placed onto a central block of a carrier - rocket ENERGIA which is able to launch into an orbit 120 tonns of payload against 30 tonns for Space Shuttle ; - the hight lift - drag ratio of the space aeroplane Buran is 6.5 against 5.5 for Space Shuttle ; - the space aeroplane Buran returned 20 tonns of payloads against 15 tonns for Space Shuttle orbiter from an orbit to an aerodrome ; - the cutting lay - out pattern of thermoprotection tiles of Buran is optimal and longitudinal slits of tile belts are orthogonal to the flow line .
Sharp angles of tiles are absent .
The tile belts of the Buran fuselage and fin have an optimal position .
Our Photogallery :
and more , more ...
Our Videogallery :
Our CD - ROMs :
Is Freakonomics an Anti-Aphrodisiac ?
Freakonomics is apparently something of a black cat .
It s gotten students thrown out of class .
It s gotten a tech consultant thrown off his job .
But now the news is even worse : Freakonomics has thwarted love .
Here s the story , in an e-mail we received recently from a guy named Phil :
Fellas ,
I was recently dating a girl .
Nothing serious , but I thought it was going okay .
We had just seen a movie , and were on our way back to her place , when she noticed I was carrying around Freakonomics ( I was reading it on the subway ) .
Suddenly , she said  we have to talk ,  and we were no longer headed back to her place .
Turns out , she just met another guy who was also reading Freakonomics .
That one coincidence was enough to weird her out , and she now needed to sort herself out .
First of all , thanks for nothing .
Second , is there anything to be learned from this ( like what are the odds of this happening ) ?
Someone might as well benefit from this .
Poor Phil !
Here s what I wrote back to him :
Oh , man .
That s sad .
First of all : sorry .
Second of all : was she weirded out because she thinks that someone who reads that book is a loser , or because the coincidence was just too much to bear ?
And third of all : I guess next time , you should carry around a softy romantic novel on your dates .
To which Phil replied :
I do nt know if the coincidence was  too much to bear ,  but I guess it was part of a series of coincidences that were leading up to her re-examining her situation with this other guy .
I did nt dig too deep .
All I know is that I debated whether I should bring the book with me and have to carry it around with me all night , and decided there was no reason not to .
Just trying to figure out how  risk=hazard+outrage  applies to this .
Any advice for Phil ?
As it turned out , it was months before the command s planners began to receive some of the clarification they were hoping for .
The Bush administration put aside the idea of establishing a prewar provisional government for fear it would marginalize Iraqi leaders who had not gone into exile .
Colonel Agoglia said he did not begin to get a sense of what the postwar arrangements would be until Jay Garner , a retired three - star general , was tapped by the Bush administration in January 2003 to serve as the first civilian administrator in postwar Iraq .
Another assumption spelled out in the PowerPoint presentation was that  co-opted  Iraqi Army units would heed the American appeals to stay in their garrisons and later help United States to secure the country .
Based on this and other hopeful suppositions , the command s planners projected what the American occupation of Iraq might look like .
After the main fighting was over , there was to be a two - to three - month  stabilization  phase , then an 18 - to 24 - month  recovery  phase .
That was to be followed by a 12 - to 18 - month  transition  phase .
At the end of this stage  32 to 45 months after the invasion began  it was projected that the United States would have only 5,000 troops in Iraq .
Now , those projections seem startlingly unrealistic given the current troop buildup , in which the United States currently has about 132,000 troops in Iraq and is adding about 20,000 more .
But the projections , former military planners say , were intended to send the message to civilian policy makers that the invasion of Iraq would be a multiyear proposition , not an easy in - and - out war .
As it turned out , the assumptions on Iraqi and American forces were quickly overturned , partly as a result of new American policy decisions .
Instead of staying in garrisons , many of the Iraqi soldiers fled after the war began .
Senior American commanders hoped to quickly recall the Iraqi troops to duty anyway , but that option vanished in May 2003 when L. Paul Bremer III , Mr. Garner s successor , issued an edict formally disbanding the Iraqi Army .
The message that the United States should gird itself for a substantial multiyear occupation seemed to be superseded when General Franks issued new guidance to his commanders a week after the fall of Baghdad on April 9 that they should be prepared to reduce the American troops in Iraq to a little more than a division by September 2003  some 30,000 troops .
A series of ad hoc decisions and strategy changes followed as the insurgency grew and security deteriorated .
A new military plan is now being put into effect , which the White House asserts may yet salvage a positive outcome .
Almost four years after the invasion , however , the  stable democratic Iraqi government  the United States once hoped for seems to exist only in the command s old planning slides .
One or two Americans have asked me why it is that the English like tea so much , which never seems to them to be a very good drink .
To understand , you have to know how to make it properly .
There is a very simple principle to the making of tea and it's this - to get the proper flavour of tea , the water has to be boiling ( not boiled ) when it hits the tea leaves .
If it 's merely hot then the tea will be insipid .
That 's why we English have these odd rituals , such as warming the teapot first ( so as not to cause the boiling water to cool down too fast as it hits the pot ) .
And that 's why the American habit of bringing a teacup , a tea bag and a pot of hot water to the table is merely the perfect way of making a thin , pale , watery cup of tea that nobody in their right mind would want to drink .
The Americans are all mystified about why the English make such a big thing out of tea because most Americans have never had a good cup of tea .
That 's why they do n't understand .
In fact the truth of the matter is that most English people do n't know how to make tea any more either , and most people drink cheap instant coffee instead , which is a pity , and gives Americans the impression that the English are just generally clueless about hot stimulants .
So the best advice I can give to an American arriving in England is this .
Go to Marks and Spencer and buy a packet of Earl Grey tea .
Go back to where you 're staying and boil a kettle of water .
While it is coming to the boil , open the sealed packet and sniff .
Careful - you may feel a bit dizzy , but this is in fact perfectly legal .
When the kettle has boiled , pour a little of it into a tea pot , swirl it around and tip it out again .
Put a couple ( or three , depending on the size of the pot ) of tea bags into the pot ( If I was really trying to lead you into the paths of righteousness I would tell you to use free leaves rather than bags , but let 's just take this in easy stages ) .
Bring the kettle back up to the boil , and then pour the boiling water as quickly as you can into the pot .
Let it stand for two or three minutes , and then pour it into a cup .
Some people will tell you that you should n't have milk with Earl Grey , just a slice of lemon .
Screw them .
I like it with milk .
If you think you will like it with milk then it 's probably best to put some milk into the bottom of the cup before you pour in the tea .
If you pour milk into a cup of hot tea you will scald the milk .
If you think you will prefer it with a slice of lemon then , well , add a slice of lemon .
Drink it .
After a few moments you will begin to think that the place you 've come to is n't maybe quite so strange and crazy after all .
It 's frequently depressing reading accounts of Africa in the mainstream media .
Doubly so , in fact .
Firstly because what is defined as worthy of reporting is , well , depressing .
And secondly because it so seldom engages with the complex and vibrant reality of the continent in all its massive diversity , preferring instead to deal in simplistic stereotypes .
That 's why today 's launch of a new website from global news organisation Reuters devoted exclusively to the continent  Reuters Africa  is so exciting .
And most exciting of all is the inclusion of blogs on every individual country page on the site .
In the screenshot below of the site 's page for Uganda you can see , to the right of the map , a section headed  BLOGS  .
Below it are links to the most recent entries on Uganda from Global Voices .
There is a similar feed for each of the more than 50 countries on the continent .
Reuters is a major funder of Global Voices and it is great that they are able to use our content in this way .
It also demonstrates the increasing value placed by news organisations on the ability of authentic voices to provide perspective , background and context to the events they cover .
Reuters puts it like this :
The launch of Reuters Africa supports Reuters commitment to cover Africa in detail and from all angles , to give a wider sense of the issues and their contexts , and to explore the individual countries and cultures .
Reuters Africa will target both those living on the continent , and anyone globally who follows African development , investment and news 
As part of Reuters continuing efforts to incorporate a wider set of voices and commentary into its news content , the site will incorporate country - specific blogs via Global Voices , the international network of bloggers .
This is a great step forward , but there 's still a long way to go .
There are large and exciting blogging communities in several countries , such as Nigeria and Kenya but there are other areas where coverage is very sparse and still others , such as Ethiopia and Zimbabwe , where online expression is severely curtailed by the government .
We hope that the involvement of bloggers in projects such as this not only gives a platform to those whose voices have long been left unheard but also encourages others to join the conversation and brings pressure to bear on behalf of those who want to speak but cannot .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
A story that the U.S. government hoped would never see the light of day has finally been published  60 years after it was spiked by military censors .
The discovery of reporter George Weller s first - hand account of conditions in post - nuclear Nagasaki sheds light on one of the great journalistic betrayals of the last century : the cover -up of the effects of the atomic bombing on Japan .
On August 6 , 1945 , the U.S. dropped an atomic bomb on Hiroshima ; three days later , Nagasaki was hit .
General Douglas MacArthur promptly declared southern Japan off - limits , barring the press .
Over 200,000 people died in the atomic bombings of the cities , but no Western journalist witnessed the aftermath and told the story .
Instead , the world s media obediently crowded onto the USS Missouri off the coast of Japan to cover the Japanese surrender .
A month after the bombings , two reporters defied MacArthur and struck out on their own .
Weller , of the Chicago Daily News , took row boats and trains to reach devastated Nagasaki .
Independent journalist Wilfred Burchett rode a train for 30 hours and walked into the charred remains of Hiroshima .
Both men encountered nightmare worlds .
Burchett sat down on a chunk of rubble with his Baby Hermes typewriter .
His dispatch began :  In Hiroshima , thirty days after the first atomic bomb destroyed the city and shook the world , people are still dying , mysteriously and horribly  people who were uninjured in the cataclysm from an unknown something which I can only describe as the atomic plague . 
He continued , tapping out the words that still haunt to this day :  Hiroshima does not look like a bombed city .
It looks as if a monster steamroller has passed over it and squashed it out of existence .
I write these facts as dispassionately as I can in the hope that they will act as a warning to the world . 
Burchett s article , headlined THE ATOMIC PLAGUE , was published on September 5 , 1945 in the London Daily Express .
The story caused a worldwide sensation , and was a public relations fiasco for the U.S. military .
The official U.S. narrative of the atomic bombings downplayed civilian casualties and categorically dismissed as  Japanese propaganda  reports of the deadly lingering effects of radiation .
So when Pulitzer Prize - winning reporter George Weller s 25,000 - word story on the horror that he encountered in Nagasaki was submitted to military censors , Gen. MacArthur personally ordered the story killed , and the manuscript was never returned .
As Weller later summarized his experience with MacArthur s censors ,  They won . 
Last month , Weller s son Anthony discovered a carbon copy of the suppressed dispatches among his late father s papers ( George Weller died in 2002 ) .
Unable to find an interested American publisher , Anthony Weller sold the account to Mainichi Shimbun , a large Japanese newspaper .
Now , on the sixtieth anniversary of the atomic bombings , Weller s account can finally be read .
( The first of Weller s four dispatches can be found here . )
 In swaybacked or flattened skeletons of the Mitsubishi arms plants is revealed what the atomic bomb can do to steel and stone , but what the riven atom can do against human flesh and bone lies hidden in two hospitals of downtown Nagasaki ,  wrote Weller .
A month after the bombs fell , he observed ,  The atomic bomb s peculiar  disease ,  uncured because it is untreated and untreated because it is not diagnosed , is still snatching away lives here . 
After killing Weller s reports , U.S. authorities tried to counter Burchett s articles by attacking the messenger .
MacArthur ordered Burchett expelled from Japan ( the order was later rescinded ) , his camera mysteriously vanished while he was in a Tokyo hospital , and U.S. officials accused him of being influenced by Japanese propaganda .
Then the U.S. military unleashed a secret propaganda weapon : they deployed their very own Timesman .
It turns out that William L. Laurence , the science reporter for the New York Times , was also on the payroll of the War Department .
For four months , while still reporting for the Times , Laurence had been writing press releases for the military explaining the atomic weapons program ; he also wrote statements for President Truman and Secretary of War Henry Stimson .
He was rewarded by being given a seat on the plane that dropped the bomb on Nagasaki , an experience that he described in the Times with religious awe .
Three days after publication of Burchett s shocking dispatch , Laurence had a front page story in the Times disputing the notion that radiation sickness was killing people .
His news story included this remarkable commentary :  The Japanese are still continuing their propaganda aimed at creating the impression that we won the war unfairly , and thus attempting to create sympathy for themselves and milder terms 
Thus , at the beginning , the Japanese described  symptoms  that did not ring true . 
Laurence won a Pulitzer Prize for his reporting on the atomic bomb , and his faithful parroting of the government line was crucial in launching a half - century of silence about the deadly lingering effects of the bomb .
It is high time for the Pulitzer board to strip Hiroshima s apologist and his newspaper of their undeserved prize .
Sixty years late , Weller s censored account stands as a searing indictment not only of the inhumanity of the atomic bomb , but of the danger of journalists embedding with the government to deceive the world .
It is the ultimate excuse for every video - gamer accused of spending too long hunched over a console : " I 'm not addicted .
I 'm just honing my surgical skills . "
A study has found a direct link between skill at video gaming and skill at keyhole , or laparoscopic , surgery .
Young surgeons who spent at least three hours a week playing video games in the past made 37 % fewer errors , were 27 % faster , and scored 42 % better overall than surgeons who had never played a video game at all .
The research , conducted at the Beth Israel medical centre in New York , focused on 21 junior doctors with an average of three years ' experience , and 12 more senior with almost 13 years .
Each was questioned on their video - game playing habits and then assessed as they took part in a one - and - a - half day course that scores surgeons on time and errors during simulated surgery drills .
Gaming skills were also assessed as they played three video games for 25 minutes .
Of those taking part , 42 % had never played a video game but 30 % had played almost every day at one time .
There was a direct correlation between playing video games and skill at laparoscopic surgery , with those who scored highest on the video games performing the best on the simulated surgical course .
" Current video game players made 31 % fewer errors , were 24 % faster and scored 26 % better overall than their non-player colleagues . "
Those in the top third of video gaming skill made 47 % fewer errors , performed 39 % faster and scored 41 % better overall than those in the bottom third .
This has led the authors to suggest that video games may be a practical teaching tool to help train surgeons .
But the Royal College of Surgeons said research , conducted by Professor Ara Darzi , from the surgical unit at St Mary 's Hospital , London , showed no correlation between video games and performance in surgery .
Thing of beauty : Tutankhamun 's Pectoral with desert glass scarab
Tutankhamun 's gem
The jewel was tested and found to be glass , but intriguingly it is older than the earliest Egyptian civilisation .
Working with Egyptian geologist Aly Barakat , they traced its origins to unexplained chunks of glass found scattered in the sand in a remote region of the Sahara Desert .
But the glass is itself a scientific enigma .
How did it get to be there and who or what made it ?
The BBC Horizon programme has reported an extraordinary new theory linking Tutankhamun 's gem with a meteor .
Sky of fire
An Austrian astrochemist Christian Koeberl had established that the glass had been formed at a temperature so hot that there could be only one known cause : a meteorite impacting with Earth .
And yet there were no signs of a suitable impact crater , even in satellite images .
American geophysicist John Wasson is another scientist interested in the origins of the glass .
He suggested a solution that came directly from the forests of Siberia .
" When the thought came to me that it required a hot sky , I thought immediately of the Tunguska event , " he told Horizon .
In 1908 , a massive explosion flattened 80 million trees in Tunguska , Siberia .
Although there was no sign of a meteorite impact , scientists now think an extraterrestrial object of some kind must have exploded above Tunguska .
Wasson wondered if a similar aerial burst could have produced enough heat to turn the ground to glass in the Egyptian desert .
Jupiter clue
The first atomic bomb detonation , at the Trinity site in New Mexico in 1945 , created a thin layer of glass on the sand .
But the area of glass in the Egyptian desert is vastly bigger .
Whatever happened in Egypt must have been much more powerful than an atomic bomb .
Boslough 's specialism is modelling large impacts
Impact simulation
Mark Boslough , who specialises in modelling large impacts on supercomputers , created a simulation of a similar impact on Earth .
The simulation revealed that an impactor could indeed generate a blistering atmospheric fireball , creating surface temperatures of 1,800C , and leaving behind a field of glass .
" What I want to emphasise is that it is hugely bigger in energy than the atomic tests , " said Boslough .
" Ten thousand times more powerful . "
Defence lessons
The more fragile the incoming object , the more likely these airborne explosions are to happen .
In Southeast Asia , John Wasson has unearthed the remains of an event 800,000 years ago that was even more powerful and damaging than the one in the Egyptian desert ; one which produced multiple fireballs and left glass over three hundred thousand square miles , with no sign of a crater .
" Within this region , certainly all of the humans would have been killed .
There would be no hope for anything to survive , " he said .
Barakat holds up one of the many , huge chunks of glass in the desert
Attempting to blow up an incoming asteroid , Hollywood style , could well make things worse by increasing the number of devastating airbursts .
" There are hundreds of times more of these smaller asteroids than there are the big ones the astronomers track , " said Mark Boslough .
" There will be another impact on the earth .
It 's just a matter of when . "
Horizon : Tutunkhamun 's Fireball , made by production company TV6 , was broadcast on BBC Two on Thursday , 20 July
Skip to comments .
Why I Was Fired
NY Times ^ | 21 MARCH 2007 | DAVID C. IGLESIAS
Posted on by rdb3
Op - Ed Contributor
Why I Was Fired
Albuquerque WITH this weeks release of more than 3,000 Justice Department e-mail messages about the dismissal of eight federal prosecutors , it seems clear that politics played a role in the ousters .
Of course , as one of the eight , Ive felt this way for some time .
But now that the record is out there in black and white for the rest of the country to see , the argument that we were fired for performance related  reasons ( in the words of Deputy Attorney General Paul McNulty ) is starting to look more than a little wobbly .
United States attorneys have a long history of being insulated from politics .
Although we receive our appointments through the political process ( I am a Republican who was recommended by Senator Pete Domenici ) , we are expected to be apolitical once we are in office .
I will never forget John Ashcroft , then the attorney general , telling me during the summer of 2001 that politics should play no role during my tenure .
I took that message to heart .
Little did I know that I could be fired for not being political .
( Excerpt ) Read more at nytimes.com ...
TOPICS :
Crime / Corruption
Culture / Society
Extended News
Government
KEYWORDS :
No comment .
To : rdb3
The little whinner did n't do their job .
by 2 posted onby bmwcyle ( Freep Fox they drop the ball on GOE )
To : rdb3
Is he suppose to be the new Joe Wilson ???
To : rdb3
Mistake was not firing them all as the very first act .
This new tone crap sucks , big time .
To : rdb3
United States attorneys have a long history of being insulated from politics
Oh really ?
When did that long history of being " insulated " from politics begin ?
Sometime after Nixon ?
Or after Janet Reno maybe ?
by 5 posted onby silverleaf ( Fasten your seat belts - it 's going to be a BUMPY ride . )
To : Mo1
just be thankful you were only fired .
Under Hitlery Admin you could be whacked !
To : rdb3
Quit whining and get on with life .
by 7 posted onby the Dentist ( Qwerty ergo typo : I type , therefore I misspelll . )
To : rdb3
The Bush administration needs to take these guys out in the public square .
Unfortunately , their motto seems to be " Let a thousand Joe Wilsons bloom " .
To : rdb3
I thought the US Attorney 's were like the cabinet members and served at the discretion of the White House .
They can be terminated at any time without cause .
To : rdb3
Hey Iglesias ... what part of " serving at the pleasure of the President " do n't you understand ??
To : rdb3
These guys serve at the pleasure of the President .
He could fire them all , every third one , or just one .
I am disgusted by partisan politics .
To : rdb3
Politics in Washington ?!
I 'm shocked !
Shocked I tell ya !
Politics is illegal for Republicans , do n't they know that ?
Pretty soon , it will be illegal to even be a Republican .
To : rdb3
Someone PLEASE post the letter from Schumer to Comey that Rush read the other day !!
It should be in the SIDEBAR as it's own thread so lurkers could even know what he wrote !
To : mbynack
They are .. seems this guy thinks he is above the President and does n't think he should be criticized
Comment # 15 Removed by Moderator
To : rdb3
" Why I Was Fired "
Because you are the type of scumbag that goes running whining to the NY Times when you do n't get your way .
by 16 posted onby L98 Fiero ( A fool who'll waste his life , God rest his guts . )
To : rdb3
President Bush addressed this scandal yesterday .
I appreciate his gratitude for my service  this marks the first time I have been thanked .
by 17 posted onby TruthShallSetYouFree ( Abortion is to family planning what bankruptcy is to financial planning . )
To : rdb3
Hey Davey ,
You are not in France !
To : rdb3
It 's open knowledge in NM that this guy was a walking CYA with eyes on a political future .
He 's ostensably a Repub , having been mentored by Pete Domenici ( in happier days ) , but never took on the hard cases as to not raise contraversy .
Where he really fell down was not investigating ANSWER - ACORN fraudlent voter registrations in 2004 .
He constantly " delegated " the harder tasks down to subordinates who wer n't up to the task or have the horsepower to move them forward , all while keeping his own butt in the clear .
He 's simply an opportunist of the highest order , rode the Repubs while it was good , and now is blowing with the latest wind .
To : Tarpon
Mistake was not firing them all as the very first act .
This new tone crap sucks , big time .
The ' New Tone ' destroyed the chances of Bush being an effective leader , domestically , right out of the gate .
He left the entire democrat establishment in place in DC and they have attempted to thwart every initiative of the administration and hvae been largely successful .
Couple that with the DOJ 's refusal to investigate and prosecute leaks ... even leaks of classified material and you get what looks like the Gang that Could n't Shoot Straight for an administration .
by 20 posted onby pgkdan ( Tolerance is the virtue of the man without convictions - G.K. Chesterton )
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
FAO International Day of Awareness of Food Loss and Waste : a warning to awaken our consciences
For the first time ever in its history , FAO ( the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations ) has set up an international day dedicated to the awareness of food loss and waste .
It is celebrated all over the world on September 29 and aims to raise awareness among the global population on the impact 
Rumsfeld s Memo of Options for Iraq War
Some highlights ,
Publicly announce a set of benchmarks agreed to by the Iraqi Government and the U.S.  political , economic and security goals  to chart a path ahead for the Iraqi government and Iraqi people ( to get them moving ) and for the U.S. public ( to reassure them that progress can and is being made ) .
Which the administration said would do or or has done , though real metrics were often distorted .
This one is simply  stay the course  .
Conduct an accelerated draw - down of U.S. bases .
We have already reduced from 110 to 55 bases .
Plan to get down to 10 to 15 bases by April 2007 , and to 5 bases by July 2007 .
This is not stay the course ,
If there is something like what Democrats have proposed and yet because the might  D  has none of the mojo powers of the mighty  R  right - wing pundits and Bush ( at least publicly ) been rejecting any such draw down .
Stop rewarding bad behavior , as was done in Fallujah when they pushed in reconstruction funds , and start rewarding good behavior .
Put our reconstruction efforts in those parts of Iraq that are behaving , and invest and create havens of opportunity to reward them for their good behavior .
As the old saying goes ,  If you want more of something , reward it ; if you want less of something , penalize it . 
No more reconstruction assistance in areas where there is violence .
Rummy must have been hankered down in the den wearing his bunny slippers when he wrote this part .
Probably remembering what his dad used to tell him , Juan Cole writes , The NYT has gotten hold of a memo by Donald Rumsfeld detailing options on Iraq .
Rumsfeld does nt understand the magnitude of the crisis or the tightrope the US is walking in the Gulf .
His attitude is almost lackadaisical .
Doing an all right job , but it is nt working fast enough or well enough .
So maybe make some changes apparently any old changes will do because there are infinite lives to play with and infinite monies to spend .
This is one small sentence , but speaks volumes on how the administration and many media outlets have tried to paint a picture of victory ,
Below the Line ( less attractive options ) : Continue on the current path .
Move a large fraction of all U.S. Forces into Baghdad to attempt to control it .
We ve been in Iraq longer then it took to win WWII and Rummy thinks that getting Baghdad under control is one of the less attractive options .
There is a temptation to think that the memo has found its way into the hands of NYT because as Laura Rozen suggests Rummy wanted to shift focus / blame back to the Whitehouse where it belongs .
That kind of speculation is nt too far off base when one considers the other option ; that Bush - Cheney are hands off managers that let Rumsfeld call all the shots .
That is nearly impossible to imagine .
We have stories like this , Anbar Picture Grows Clearer , and Bleaker
The U.S. military is no longer able to defeat a bloody insurgency in western Iraq or counter al - Qaeda s rising popularity there , according to newly disclosed details from a classified Marine Corps intelligence report that set off debate in recent months about the military s mission in Anbar province .
The Marines recently filed an updated version of that assessment that stood by its conclusions and stated that , as of mid-November , the problems in troubled Anbar province have not improved , a senior U.S. intelligence official said yesterday .
 The fundamental questions of lack of control , growth of the insurgency and criminality  remain the same , the official said .
The Marines  August memo , a copy of which was shared with The Washington Post , is far bleaker than some officials suggested when they described it in late summer .
The report describes Iraq s Sunni minority as  embroiled in a daily fight for survival ,  fearful of  pogroms  by the Shiite majority and increasingly dependent on al - Qaeda in Iraq as its only hope against growing Iranian dominance across the capital .
Later in the article one suggestion is a Sunni state in Anbar .
Since we are not going to just get up and leave all at once this would be a reasonable and even noble goal .
The Sunni are in the precarious state they are in because of Bush - Rummy s planning or lack thereof .
Creating a Sunni state might well make for less of a blood bath in the long run and lessen al - Qaeda s influence .
He s The Worst Ever
Bush has taken this disdain for law even further .
He has sought to strip people accused of crimes of rights that date as far back as the Magna Carta in Anglo - American jurisprudence : trial by impartial jury , access to lawyers and knowledge of evidence against them .
In dozens of statements when signing legislation , he has asserted the right to ignore the parts of laws with which he disagrees .
His administration has adopted policies regarding the treatment of prisoners of war that have disgraced the nation and alienated virtually the entire world .
Usually , during wartime , the Supreme Court has refrained from passing judgment on presidential actions related to national defense .
The court s unprecedented rebukes of Bush s policies on detainees indicate how far the administration has strayed from the rule of law .
One other president bears comparison to Bush : James K. Polk .
Some historians admire him , in part because he made their job easier by keeping a detailed diary during his administration , which spanned the years of the Mexican - American War .
But Polk should be remembered primarily for launching that unprovoked attack on Mexico and seizing one - third of its territory for the United States .
Lincoln , then a member of Congress from Illinois , condemned Polk for misleading Congress and the public about the cause of the war  an alleged Mexican incursion into the United States .
When evaluating Bush its important not just what he has done during his administration , but the consequences that the United States and the world will pay for years .
Foner mentions the polices of President Andrew Johnson which we never really undid until the Civil Rights
Act of the sixties .
Comparisons themselves only serve so much purpose .
Judged solely within the issues of our time Bush s answer and until recently a conservative Congress s answer was to set course on a criminally irresponsible fiscal house of horrors ( your taxes have actually gone up and we re around seven trillion dollars in debt ) , then there is his colossal failure at national security , he is one of the biggest liars we ve ever had as president , and he has fueled corruption that will likely never be punished the likes of which make Harding look like a light - weight .
Bush s attacks on the Constitution are unprecedented even considering Lincoln and FDR .
Rush Limbaugh learned all he needs to know about women from cats ,
On the November 30 edition of his nationally syndicated radio show , host Rush Limbaugh proclaimed : My  cat s taught me more about women , than anything my whole life  because his pet cat  comes to me when she wants to be fed ,  and  [ s ] he s smart enough to know she ca nt feed herself .
She s actually [ a ] very smart cat .
She gets loved .
She gets adoration .
She gets petted .
She gets fed .
And she does nt have to do anything for it . 
Conservatives keep confusing barnyard animals and pets with people , yet their heads remain in the sand when it comes to evolution .
The memory throws up high and dry
A crowd of twisted things ;
A twisted branch upon the beach
Eaten smooth , and polished
As if the world gave up
The secret of its skeleton ,
Stiff and white .
A broken spring in a factory yard ,
Rust that clings to the form that the strength has left
Hard and curled and ready to snap .
from Rhapsody on a Windy Night by T. S. Eliot
Space Shuttle Discovery 's return - to - flight mission marks the beginning of the end for a program whose design evolution exemplifies the pitfalls NASA is seeking to avoid as it embarks on a new direction in space exploration .
Thirty - five years ago , when NASA was struggling to make the case for a new space transportation system , it promised to build a reusable vehicle that would haul all of the nation 's civil , military and even commercial satellites into orbit and eventually help construct a space station .
The melding of civil and military requirements -- coupled with the budgetary and political pressures that affect all large aerospace programs -- produced the engineering compromises that haunt the space shuttle program to this day .
These include the use of an external fuel tank whose foam - shedding problems doomed Space Shuttle Columbia in 2003 and cast a cloud over Discovery 's mission .
" The decision in 1972 to build the future of the space program around the shuttle has had consequences that still constrain NASA a third of a century later , " said John Logsdon , director of the Space Policy Institute at George Washington University here and a member of the Columbia Accident Investigation Board .
" [ NASA Administrator ]
Mike Griffin and his associates are working hard to make sure that the choices they are making now enable a productive exploration program , not limit their successors ' flexibility . "
The beginning of the end
The February 2003 loss of the Space Shuttle Columbia set in motion a change in U.S. space policy that few would have predicted in the immediate aftermath of NASA 's second shuttle disaster in about 17 years .
By going beyond simply finding the technical root cause of the accident and recommending engineering remedies , the Columbia Accident Investigation Board laid important groundwork for the White House to announce the following year a new space exploration vision that called for replacing the shuttle and returning to the Moon .
While NASA continues to struggle with the Columbia Accident Investigation Board 's top return - to - flight recommendation -- modify the space shuttle external tank to prevent it from shedding insulating foam -- the agency has taken to heart the board 's advice that the shuttle be replaced .
NASA now plans to retire its shuttle fleet in 2010 or earlier and build a replacement system that , in accordance with the Columbia Accident Investigation Board 's advice , will be based on existing technology and designed to launch crew and cargo separately .
Today , even as it celebrates the space shuttle 's return to flight after a two - and - a - half - year hiatus , NASA is once again trying to sell a wary public on a new space transportation system .
In the world of aerospace engineering , tradeoffs and compromises are inevitable .
And the budgetary and political pressures that attended the birth of the shuttle remain on hand today .
This time , however , NASA is not proposing a vehicle that will be all things to all people , but rather a set of vehicles to suit its own unique needs .
Mistakes of the past
Before Project Apollo had achieved its first lunar landing , NASA began charting a future that included orbital outposts -- space stations -- stretching from low Earth orbit to the Moon .
The massive Saturn 5 rocket was to launch the space stations , and a reusable space plane was to transport the astronauts back and forth .
NASA 's early space shuttle concepts envisioned a two - stage fully reusable vehicle capable of taking off and landing like an airplane .
" That 's a far cry from what we got , " Logsdon said .
By 1970 , the White House had lost its appetite for large space programs , Logsdon said .
Production of the Saturn 5 was ended , and NASA was told to forget about a space station for the time being .
That forced NASA to seek allies to justify building the shuttle .
" The key ally was the national security community , " Logsdon said .
The Pentagon agreed to get behind the shuttle provided it had certain characteristics , Logsdon said .
" One of those characteristics was the ability to launch classified payloads that could be up to 60 feet ( 18 meters ) in length " and weigh up to 18,200 kilograms , Logsdon said .
" The width of the payload bay was driven by NASA 's desire to eventually build a space station . "
Another Defense Department - driven requirement , Logsdon said , was the ability to take off and return to a West Coast launch site after a single polar orbit .
Because of the Earth 's rotation , a single polar orbit would not bring the shuttle back directly over its launch site , meaning it would have to glide farther through the atmosphere to land than otherwise would be the case .
That drove NASA to add large delta - shaped wings and a more robust -- not to mention heavier -- thermal protection system to its space shuttle design .
The space shuttle had evolved from a dedicated crew transport to a brawny , all - purpose vehicle that would be so busy hauling the nation 's civil , military and commercial payloads that it would have to fly some 50 times a year .
At the start of 1971 , NASA told the White House Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) that it could build such a fully reusable two - stage workhorse for $ 10 billion .
OMB told NASA it could have $ 5 billion .
Thus began a six - month effort to find design alternatives that could be built for the available budget .
The first cost - cutting design change , Logsdon said , was to move the fuel tanks to the outside of the vehicle .
The second was to augment the liquid - fueled main engines with solid - propellant strap - on boosters , which generally are cheaper to develop but more expensive to operate .
NASA ended up with a shuttle design that fit within the $ 5 billion ceiling for development , but would prove far more costly to operate and entail greater risks than initially promised .
Logsdon said the White House made a policy mistake in 1972 by " putting NASA in a position where it had to promise more than it could achieve " in order to sell the space shuttle program and ensure a post - Apollo future for human space flight .
" The consequences of that mistake , Logsdon said , " still constrain today 's NASA leaders . "
Rather than repeat the mistakes of the past , Logsdon said NASA today appears " determined to propose an approach to the next - generation system for carrying people to space that learns from shuttle 's history . "
Lessons learned
NASA has yet to formally unveil plans for its next space transportation system , but the agency has said it intends to build a Crew Exploration Vehicle for transporting astronauts to and from orbit and a second unmanned system for launching cargo .
In addition , NASA and the Pentagon have no plans to meld their requirements into a single system , a point made clear in an Aug. 5 letter the two agencies sent to the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy .
That letter , signed by Griffin and U.S. Air Force Undersecretary Ronald Sega , the Pentagon 's top space official , says the " [ Defense Department ] and NASA believe that separating human - rated space exploration from unmanned payload launch will best achieve reliable and affordable assured access to space while maintaining our industrial base in both liquid and solid propulsion systems . "
The letter goes on to say that while the Defense Department would consider using the 100 - metric - ton - class heavy - lift launcher that NASA says it needs to hurl cargo toward the Moon , it has no interest in the smaller rocket the agency intends to use to launch the Crew Exploration Vehicle .
NASA 's intends to use the space shuttle 's major components for both vehicles .
Three decades ago , NASA envisioned a shuttle so robust and cheap to operate it would eventually launch 50 times a year .
In reality , the shuttle has proven costly and difficult to operate , and took more than 10 years to mark its 50th launch in September 1992 .
Griffin , in a television interview several days after Discovery 's less - than - perfect liftoff , acknowledged the shuttle 's unfulfilled promise .
" The shuttle has been a step along the road to allowing humans routine access to space , but it did not reach that goal , " he said .
" We need to keep at it . "
Gonzales is too close to the president to be sacrificed , it appears .
The risk is that this will only prolong the investigation , and expose more of the seamy underside of the politicization of the justice system .
The benefit is that Bush seems less a victim of events and more - temporarily at least - in control of them .
Besides , losing Gonzales would have been a big personal blow , and my guess is that Rove and Cheney both wanted to dig in .
I should add that the actual , substantive position of the president is not that unreasonable .
Gonzales will testify under oath ; they 're releasing mounds of evidence ; others on Bush 's staff will willingly cooperate .
The attempt to protect executive privilege is a defensible one .
But the attempt by Bush to portray himself as somehow above partisanship on this is a little rich .
It was the triumph of partisanship over good government that brought this scandal to the surface in the first place .
And partisan politics is surely playing a key role in the push - back .
The specter of Karl Rove under the " klieglights " would have been political poison to Bush - and to the GOP .
So he 's digging in .
And the hole could get a lot deeper .
( Favorite line : ' The serve at our pleasure . "
He really is getting monarchical , is n't he ? )
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
But in a tense , sometimes stormy debate that went on for nearly an hour , Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice dug in , and prevailed .
Later , she defended the United States  refusal to call for an immediate cease - fire , saying :  It does nt do anyone any good to raise false hopes about something that s not going to happen .
It s not going to happen .
I did say to the group ,  When will we learn ? 
The fields of the Middle East are littered with broken cease - fires . 
She said she expected that the issue would end up being resolved by the United Nations Security Council .
In a news conference after the talks , the normally placid Mr. Annan , made no effort to control his rage at Israel for what he had called an  apparently deliberate targeting  of a United Nations observer post in southern Lebanon by Israel on Tuesday .
The attack killed four United Nations observers .
 Mr. Olmert definitely believes it was a mistake ,  said Mr. Annan , referring to Israel s prime minister , Ehud Olmert .
But despite at least 10 calls from United Nations personnel to Israel that their positions were being shelled , Mr. Annan added ,  The shelling of the U.N. positions began early in the morning and carried on all day . 
He pledged a formal investigation .
Ms. Rice and Mr. Annan disagreed at the news conference on whether Syria and Iran should be brought into the effort to end the violence .
Mr. Annan called for working  with the countries of the region to find a solution ,  naming Iran and Syria as players .
Ms. Rice , by contrast , said she was concerned about Iran s role and called on Syria to live up to its responsibilities , a reference to previous United Nations resolutions .
While the world has focused on the fighting in Lebanon , Israel has continued to shell Gaza .
Most of those killed in Gaza on Wednesday were militants , but a mother and her two young daughters died when an artillery shell hit their home , the Palestinian Health Ministry said .
A third young girl was also killed , and dozens of Palestinians were wounded .
Use of Visual Basic has dropped 35 % since the spring , says a poll of more than 430 North American developers done by research company Evans Data .
" Microsoft has dominated languages since the early 90s , but we are seeing much more parity now , " said John Andrews , president of Evans Data , in a statement .
" The use of scripting languages , as well as Java , appears to have limited VB 's future market potential . "
Developers are n't only leaving Visual Basic , they 're also less likely to work in the Visual Basic .
Net environment ; VB .
Net use is down 26 % , the survey shows .
Java now holds the top spot , with 45 % of the polled developers saying they used Java during some part of the last six months .
C/C++ , meanwhile , was used by 40 % of the coders , and C# was used by 32 % .
The survey also indicates that use of Ajax , short for Asynchronous JavaScript and XML , is up 10 % since the spring 2006 poll , with 28 % of the developers involved in Ajax - style Web interface development at some point during the last six months .
Let me sketch out something before I head into the meat of my post .
This is nt another thought experiment or a hypothetical .
This is what I see in the next 1 - 4 years and beyond .
Part of my post is a prediction , and the rest is a bit of a doomsday scenario .
But I d definitely like to hear from my co-contributors , and readers , to see if you think I m crazy .
The housing boom was largely funded by creatively - financed mortgages to subprime borrowers .
Most of these loans seemed like no -brainers in the bull real estate market , but as interest rates rise , prices have stagnated in some markets , and outright dropped in others .
This asset bubble was largely caused by an enormous credit expansion , and the ability to underwrite these loans was made even easier by the fact that the risk could be offloaded onto the mortgage - backed securities and derivatives markets .
Right now , with a sagging housing market , rapidly increasing default rates , high housing inventories , and a slowdown in the building and construction industries , we re seeing trouble .
We re in a state where recession looks incredibly likely .
My sketch is largely borne off what I ve personally witnessed in the 2001 recession in the technology industry .
So here s what I see .
The slowdown in the subprime mortgage and building industries will increasingly push the default and foreclosure rate up .
As a result , the mortgage - backed securities market and other housing - based stocks , which are reaching insane levels of  irrational exuberance  and are often highly leveraged ( particularly derivatives ) , will crater , increasing the pressure .
I think recession is on the way , and perhaps worse .
The above does nt sound very pretty .
I do nt see any way out of it , though .
The problem occurs with what happens after this , which is where it has the potentially to get really ugly .
As I said , what I wrote above is what I predict .
What sits below is a worst - case assumption of what might happen .
After the 2001 recession , when the government was coming off small surpluses , we had very low interest rates , and the political will to cut taxes , we were able to protect against a major economic crisis .
We do nt have the same situation now .
The government is running enormous deficits ( and has added several trillion to the debt ) , the politicians are debating raising taxes , and interest rates likely wo nt be able to hit the rock - bottom levels we had in 2002 .
What does this mean ?
I do nt think we can spend our way out of this .
I do nt see any way for us to have liquidity in a stagnant housing market and a tight credit market .
In a tighter credit market , with rising interest rates , the cost of borrowing to cover deficit spending will not be feasible for the government .
I do nt see an engine for economic growth appearing to cover the recession .
There s only one way for this liquidity to arrive , and that s for the government to print money .
Loads and loads of money .
Helicopter drops of money .
And the result is stagflation .
This is quite possibly the worst thing our government can do , but I do nt trust any politicians to take the tough medicine I expect them to print money .
Further , if things get bad , you can expect a quick increase in the level of socialism in this country .
In an effort to placate both American big business and American voters , you ll see the government take over health care .
As a result of the inflation government will cause , you ll quickly see them try to institute price controls and wage controls , like the 1970s .
All the while , they ll blame scapegoats like outsourcing companies , while their own inflationary policies are causing the problem .
Wait , though , it gets worse .
America is nt an empire in the conventional sense of the word , but we are an economic empire .
The dollar is the currency of the world , from middle eastern oil to the reserve currencies of countless nations .
During the Great Depression , or during the stagflation of the 1970 s , other nations were stuck with the dollar , because nothing else was suitable .
But if the dollar starts dropping in a major inflation , they now have options .
And if they drop the dollar , it s all over .
All of a sudden , America wo nt draw on the world for our own stability .
Considering the actions of our politicians , that s a bad , bad thing .
We may be witnessing the end of America as the world s superpower .
It may be the end of our status as the economic empire of the world .
Some across the globe , of course , will cheer .
After all , they feel like America is the premier force of evil in the world .
For all the bad that we ve done , though , we ve been a pretty stable force , and worked to prevent the spread of fascism and communism , across the globe .
America s economic system has been the safe - haven for the world .
When a position of power is vacated , what typically fills it is rarely positive .
The end of the American empire will likely result in more instability worldwide .
What sort of instability ?
Well , the political will to police nuclear proliferation will likely disappear .
The ability to call on America to send peacekeepers to Darfur , or mediate between Israel and the Palestinians .
In fact , you can likely expect Israel and the Palestinians to reach full - scale war , as the lack of American support will embolden Iran and the Arab world to start hostilities , and Israel to fight for survival .
China moves on Taiwan , obviously , and starts rattling sabers with Russia for lands in Eastern Siberia .
Militant Islam secures its foothold in South Asia and Africa .
More of South America succumbs to socialism .
In short , a lot of bad things .
All in all , this paints a very bad picture of our potential future .
I ca nt say that I consider this outcome likely , but at the same time , I do nt see it as an impossibility .
Right now , it s one of those things that I m just thinking about contingency plans in case things get really bad .
I m not going to suggest to anyone here that they start building a bunker and stockpiling canned goods .
But I am going to suggest that you keep your eyes open , and make sure you know what to do to either handle this sort of instability , or profit from it .
At least if you see it coming , you ll know which way to dodge .
Alan Zeichick is convinced that parallel programming ( threading in this case ) is conquering the desktop .
To measure how far this adaption goes in a specific organization , he proposes a Threading Maturity Model ( ThMM ) .
But I would not have formulated the headline of this article like I did , if I did not see question marks still and this article attempts to explain them a tiny bit 
But before I start with the question marks : I am also convinced that parallel programming in general and especially threading is going to be used more often , simply because the architectures today require it , as I have stated e.g. in my previous article about why I love parallel programming .
I even went as far as to proclaim :
 we are in the middle of a revolution right now !
It is a parallel revolution , and this time it is for real .
The last part of the sentence was added because people have basically been saying parallel programming is the next big thing since the very beginning of the computing age , and yet until these days parallel systems have remained expensive and not used much outside of computing centers .
During my time studying for my diploma , a friend of mine bought a dual - processor Celeron system and proclaimed that soon every system on the market would be parallel .
Did not happen .
When the Pentium Pro chips first appeard , many people were so excited about their multiprocessing capabilities that they voiced the same opinion .
Not that time , though .
One probably does not need to look too far into the past to see similar examples of people going all crazy and proclaiming that parallel programming is all the rage and mainstream .
Yet , it has not happened until today .
Therefore I was sceptical about this claim as well and have talked to many older and more experienced people from different fields at conferences about this issue , yet they all seem to agree : this time it s different , the parallel architectures are here to stay and parallel programming is entering the mainstream .
And that convinced me .
But of course , who am I to judge what is in the mainstream ?
I am sitting in my ivory tower ( university , although I wish it was a tower .
or ivory for that matter : P ) all day , doing parallel programming .
The group I am working in is at level 5 ( Adoption ) of Zeichick s scale already .
Yet , what counts is not me or my group .
Its the vendors and ISVs out there that are building and selling actual applications and not merely prototypes and papers as we are taught in academia ( which is , by the way , one of the main reasons I want to leave the university after my PhD at the end of this year ) .
Are they adapting to parallel programming yet ?
Do they realize the full potential and also the dangers of the new computer architectures sold in every supermarket today ?
The answer to this question I do nt know .
I suspect not .
I know we are not receiving requests for students trained in parallel programming often , but that may be because I am working at a relativly small and unknown university .
When I am studying the job offerings here in Germany , I rarely see one where experience with threading or concurrent programming is asked for .
That s not a big problem for me , as I can always go back to sequential programming or being a project manager , but still a little voice in the back of my head says the situation should be different and companies should be adapting now , and not when it s too late ( see below for a description of too late ) .
Maybe the software shops do nt have any performance problems with their software .
This is probably the best reason there is not to bother with parallel programming .
There are reasons to use threads except for performance of course , but I think performance remains the most prominent one .
But this state wo nt last forever .
More and more shops will run into performance issues with their software , because current architectures are not getting much faster , but rather more parallel .
The game companies are ( as always ) the first ones to feel this , and as I understand it they are working on the problem ( I know Valve does , but I guess Valve is not the typical software shop ) .
But others will surely follow .
If they start thinking about parallel programming by the time they realize their programs are too slow , it may be too late already .
Refactoring a big , existing codebase to use threads or some other parallel programming model is a huge undertaking ( sometimes even comparable to a total rewrite ) .
Testing it requires new tests , tools or sometimes even new testing frameworks ( you know if your testing - framework is thread - safe ?
I bet it s not ! ) .
It is not impossible , but the whole process takes a lot of time .
Especially , when your developers need to be trained up front .
If an ISV decides to do it when the first performance - problems appear , they may have a hard time getting a stable release out of the door in time .
Or until their money runs out :?.
If , on the other hand , the technical leadership of a software shop acknowledges the risk and decides to act in anticipation of the problem , a migration may be started early and will go more smoothly because there is more time to get everything right .
Developers can be trained ahead of time .
In some parallel programming systems ( e.g. OpenMP ) there is an easy way to switch off parallel execution and ship a sequential version with one compiler switch .
If you started parallelizing early enough and there are problems during the migration ( and let s be realistic : when was there a significant software development project without problems :| ) you can still switch off parallelism and ship one more sequential version of your software to make your customers happy .
If that version is too slow already because you have started too late you are out of luck .
But then again , I got side - tracked and this is just me musing in my ivory tower .
And that s why I would like to hear from you :
Do you see concurrent programming being adopted in your workplace ?
Which stage on the Thread Maturety Model is your company on ?
Or maybe you feel that all this talk about parallel programming becoming mainstream is just another hype and will die down as soon as the CPU - manufacturers get their act together and start turning the clockspeed - screw again ?
Have you seen demand for parallel programming skills increase lately ?
Questions and yet more questions .
All of these are highly subjective , therefore I would really like to hear your opinion on all this !
About Me
Mark Brandon has 13 years of experience in the financial services business , helping customers assess and reach their financial goals .
Brandon spent the early part of his career at nationally respected investment firms Fidelity Investments and Piper Jaffray .
In 1997 , he took on the role of Managing Partner at Daylight Online Brokerage , where he held the General Securities Principal and Financial Operations Principal designations , guiding the firm until its eventual sale to Yourtrade.com .
In 2005 , he opened First Sustainable , a Registered Investment Advisory catering to socially responsible investors .
Customer funds are held by FolioFN investments and insured by the Securities Investor Protection Corp .
Brandon obtained both undergraduate and graduate degrees from the University of Texas at Austin .
He holds a B.A. in History ( 1992 ) and an M.S. in Science and Technology Commercialization ( 2005 ) .
He resides in Austin , TX with his wife and daughter .
View my complete profile
Self - cleaning fabrics could revolutionize the sport apparel industry .
The technology , created by scientists working for the U.S. Air Force , has already been used to create t- shirts and underwear that can be worn hygenically for weeks without washing .
The new technology attaches nanoparticles to clothing fibers using microwaves .
Then , chemicals that can repel water , oil and bacteria are directly bound to the nanoparticles .
These two elements combine to create a protective coating on the fibers of the material .
This coating both kills bacteria , and forces liquids to bead and run off .
The U.S. military spent more than $ 20 million to develop the fabric , deriving from research originally intended to protect soldiers from biological weapons .
Jeff Owens , one of the scientists who worked to develop the process , said , " During Desert Storm , most casualties were from bacterial infections  not accidents or friendly fire .
We treated underwear for soldiers who tested them for several weeks and found they remained hygienic .
They also helped clear up some skin complaints . "
Science fiction writer Neal Stephenson wrote specifically about nanotech fabrics that stayed clean ; he referred to " fabricules " in his 1995 novel The Diamond Age :
... with a quick brush , John and Gwendolyn were able to transfer most of the dirt onto their white gloves .
From there it went straight into the air .
Most gentlemen's and ladies ' gloves nowadays were constructed of infinitesimal fabricules that knew how to eject dirt ... ( Read more about fabricules )
British news organizations pointed out that an earlier reference to the general idea of clothes that never got dirty can be found in the 1951 film " The Man in the White Suit . "
Sci -fi fans can console themselves with the fact that the lead role was played by Alec Guiness , who of course played Obiwan Kenobi in the original Star Wars films .
Do n't miss these other futuristic clothing advances :
Read more about the fabric here .
( This Science Fiction in the News story used with permission from Technovelgy.com - where science meets fiction . )
109th Congress a success at naming buildings WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Despite criticism for adjourning last week without acting on several major legislative initiatives , members of Congress can boast significant achievements in at least one area of federal lawmaking -- naming post offices .
Of the 383 pieces of legislation that were signed into law during the two - year 109th Congress , more than one - quarter dealt with naming or renaming federal buildings and structures -- primarily post offices -- after various Americans .
Three post offices were named after entertainers .
Ray Charles , the late singer and musician , was honored with a post office in Los Angeles in July 2005 in a bill sponsored by Rep. Diane Watson , D - California Rep. Henry Waxman , D - California , authored a law naming another Los Angeles post office after actor and former American Express pitchman Karl Malden .
And in March , Congress passed and the president signed legislation naming a Smithfield , North Carolina , post office after actress Ava Gardner .
The bill was sponsored by Rep. Bob Etheridge , D - North Carolina .
Several members of the U.S. military killed in Iraq or Afghanistan were honored with post offices , and the late civil rights leader Rosa Parks was honored with a federal building in Detroit , Michigan .
Some federal facilities were named after deceased members of Congress .
The late Rep. Robert Matsui , D - California , was honored with a courthouse in Sacramento .
A Brooklyn , N.Y. , post office was named after former Rep. and one - time candidate for the Democratic presidential nomination Shirley Chisolm , D - New York .
And one of the final actions Congress took before adjourning early Saturday was naming a Delaware bridge after that state 's long - time GOP Sen .
William Roth .
-- CNN Political Research Director Robert Yoon WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Despite criticism for adjourning last week without acting on several major legislative initiatives , members of Congress can boast significant achievements in at least one area of federal lawmaking -- naming post offices .
Of the 383 pieces of legislation that were signed into law during the two - year 109th Congress , more than one - quarter dealt with naming or renaming federal buildings and structures -- primarily post offices -- after various Americans .
Three post offices were named after entertainers .
Ray Charles , the late singer and musician , was honored with a post office in Los Angeles in July 2005 in a bill sponsored by Rep. Diane Watson , D - California Rep. Henry Waxman , D - California , authored a law naming another Los Angeles post office after actor and former American Express pitchman Karl Malden .
And in March , Congress passed and the president signed legislation naming a Smithfield , North Carolina , post office after actress Ava Gardner .
The bill was sponsored by Rep. Bob Etheridge , D - North Carolina .
Several members of the U.S. military killed in Iraq or Afghanistan were honored with post offices , and the late civil rights leader Rosa Parks was honored with a federal building in Detroit , Michigan .
Some federal facilities were named after deceased members of Congress .
The late Rep. Robert Matsui , D - California , was honored with a courthouse in Sacramento .
A Brooklyn , N.Y. , post office was named after former Rep. and one - time candidate for the Democratic presidential nomination Shirley Chisolm , D - New York .
And one of the final actions Congress took before adjourning early Saturday was naming a Delaware bridge after that state 's long - time GOP Sen .
William Roth .
Scott Ritter , a former U.N. arms inspector in Iraq , has written a book , Target Iran , in which he accuses the Israeli government and its American lobby of pushing the U.S. into attacking Iran .
Ritter writes ,  Let there be no doubt :
If there is an American war with Iran , it is a war that was made in Israel . 
He accuses some members of the lobby of dual loyalty and urges that the American Israel Public Affairs Committee be required to register as a foreign agent .
He also blasts the Israeli lobby for its use of the Holocaust and for crying anti-Semite every time Israel is criticized .
 This is a sickening trend that must be ended ,  he writes .
By coincidence , an Israeli general has verified everything Ritter says .
According to an article published in Today.az on Jan. 2 , Israeli Brig .
Gen .
Oded Tira published a statement urging an all - out effort by Israel and its lobby to push a U.S. attack on Iran .
 President Bush lacks the political power to attack Iran ,  the general is quoted as saying .
 As an American strike in Iran is essential for our existence , we must help him pave the way by lobbying the Democratic Party ( which is conducting itself foolishly ) and U.S. newspaper editors .
We need to do this in order to turn the Iran issue to a bipartisan one and unrelated to the Iraq failure . 
The general urges the Israeli lobby to turn to Hillary Clinton and other potential presidential candidates in the Democratic Party so that they support immediate action by Bush against Iran .
The lobby must also approach the Europeans , he adds , so Bush wo nt find himself isolated , and he calls for Israel to  clandestinely cooperate with Saudi Arabia so that it also persuades the U.S. to strike Iran . 
As Ritter says , a U.S. war in Iran will be a war made in Israel .
Of course , Israel s American supporters , most of whom are ignorant of nuclear energy , ignorant of the history of Israel and ignorant of the people in the Middle East , will trot out their usual specious arguments .
But let s lay out the undeniable facts .
Israel considers Iran its main threat .
Israel wants a U.S. attack against Iran .
The Israeli lobby does what the Israeli government tells it to do .
Anybody who claims the Israeli lobby is just another lobby is either ignorant or lying .
The Israeli lobby is the second most , if not the most , powerful lobby in America .
So , sit back and watch the Israeli amen corner start the propaganda to push America to war with Iran just as it did in the case of Iraq .
It will try to have you believe that Iran can make nuclear weapons as easily as baking cakes .
The truth is that even if Iran decided to seek nuclear weapons , the Iranians are a good 10 years away from having any .
The truth is that Iran , even if it had nuclear weapons , is no threat to the U.S .
All of which reminds me of my favorite undiplomatic comment by a diplomat .
Some time ago at a private party in London , the French ambassador said of Israel ,  Why does the world put up with such a sh*tty little country causing so much trouble ? 
Outraged British Zionists demanded his recall , but the French government ignored them .
Sooner or later , Americans are going to wake up to the fact that Israel s influence on the American government is detrimental .
If Israel wants a war with Iran , let the Israelis fight it .
Of course , seeing how poorly they did against Hezbollah , I suspect that the Israelis , despite their public threats , would not choose to fight the Iranians .
In my opinion , Americans who want American youth to die and bleed for the benefit of a foreign country are guilty of more than dual loyalty .
A group of newspaper publishers and other media companies are joining forces to go after search engines and news aggregators which they accuse of unfairly exploiting their work .
The World Association of Newspapers ( WAN ) has formed a task force to look at ways to " improve the relationships between content creators / producers and news aggregators and search engines . "
WAN says such aggregators , " have built their business models in large part on taking content for free . "
The group is not considering legal action at the moment although representatives of AFP , which is taking Google to court , did attend the first meeting of the task force .
The group will arrange meetings with the European Commission to raise the issue .
A spokesman for the group told The Reg the group was not considering legal action and did recognise the positive role of search engines in helping people find content .
He said Yahoo !
already pays many companies for using their content .
WAN represents some 18,000 newspapers across the world and is working with other organisations such as the European Federation of Magazine Publishers and AFP .
The group also said : " WAN is also extremely concerned about the behaviour of several major search engines when faced with the censorship demands of repressive regimes . "
Read the whole statement from WAN here . 
Sinking of the Oriskany 17 - May - 2006
The Oriskany , a decommissioned aircraft carrier , was sunk 24 miles off the coast of Pensacola , Fla. , on May 17 to form an artificial reef .
The sinking of the 888 - foot ship took 37 minutes Continued upkeep of this page was donated by T & G WoodCraft
Importers of Fine Handcrafted Philippine Wood Products
Please visit our pages at : Wood Products
The SMALL BOAT on the deck of carrier contains a generator and electronics to set off the explosions .
It was designed so this small boat would float free after the carrier sunk !
***** ***** ***** ***** ***** ***** *****
Due to the tremendous number of access's to this Web Page , I 've had to lower the resolution of the pictures of the sinking of the Oriskany .
I 've had over 450,000 page hits [ at several megabytes of data transfer per hit ] in the first three days the page was up .
This has been very expensive in bandwidth charges to me .
***** ***** ***** ***** ***** ***** *****
Above Picture # Oriskany - 1 Above Picture # Oriskany - 2 Above Picture # Oriskany - 3 Above Picture # Oriskany - 4 Above Picture # Oriskany - 5 Above Picture # Oriskany - 6 Above Picture # Oriskany - 7 Above Picture # Oriskany - 8 Above Picture # Oriskany - 9 Above Picture # Oriskany - 10 Above Picture # Oriskany - 11 Above Picture # Oriskany - 12 Above Picture # Oriskany - 13 Above Picture # Oriskany - 14 Above Picture # Oriskany - 15 Above Picture # Oriskany - 16 Above Picture # Oriskany - 17 Above Picture # Oriskany - 18 Above Picture # Oriskany - 19 Above Picture # Oriskany - 20 Above Picture # Oriskany - 21 Above Picture # Oriskany - 22 Above Picture # Oriskany - 23 Above Picture # Oriskany - 24
***** ***** ***** ***** ***** ***** *****
Last Updated : 31 - Aug-2011
When Winston Churchill became prime minister in May 1940 , he realised immediately - if he had not realised before - that he had to achieve one thing in order to ensure that Britain was not defeated by Hitler 's Germany : he had to enlist the US as Britain 's ally .
With the US alongside Britain , Hitler would be defeated - eventually .
Without the US ( Russia was neutral at the time ) , the future looked unbearably bleak .
Roosevelt , as president , was predisposed to help - after a fashion and for cash on delivery - but the situation in America was overwhelmingly isolationist .
One easily forgets this , in the era of our much - vaunted , so - called " special relationship " , but at the nadir of Britain 's fortunes , polls in the US still showed that 80 % of Americans were against joining the war in Europe .
Anglophobia was widespread and the US Congress was violently opposed to any form of intervention .
After the fall of France in June 1940 , Britain 's position became even weaker - it was assumed that British capitulation was simply a matter of time ; why join the side of a doomed loser , ran the argument in the US .
Roosevelt 's hands were therefore firmly tied .
Much as he might have liked to help Britain ( and this , I feel , is a moot point : just how enthusiastic was FDR himself ? ) he dared not risk alienating Congress - and he had a presidential election looming that he did not want to lose .
To go to the country on a " Join the war in Europe " ticket would have been electoral suicide .
He had to be very pragmatic indeed - and there was no greater pragmatist than FDR .
All the same , Churchill 's task , as he himself saw it , was clear : somehow , in some way , the great mass of the population of the US had to be persuaded that it was in their interests to join the war in Europe , that to sit on the sidelines was in some way un-American .
And so British Security Coordination came into being .
BSC was set up by a Canadian entrepreneur called William Stephenson , working on behalf of the British Secret Intelligence Services ( SIS ) .
An office was opened in the Rockefeller Centre in Manhattan with the discreet compliance of Roosevelt and J Edgar Hoover of the FBI .
But nobody on the American side of the fence knew what BSC 's full agenda was nor , indeed , what would be the massive scale of its operations .
What eventually occurred as 1940 became 1941 was that BSC became a huge secret agency of nationwide news manipulation and black propaganda .
Pro-British and anti-German stories were planted in American newspapers and broadcast on American radio stations , and simultaneously a campaign of harassment and denigration was set in motion against those organisations perceived to be pro-Nazi or virulently isolationist ( such as the notoriously anti-British America First Committee - it had more than a million paid - up members ) .
Stephenson called his methods " political warfare " , but the remarkable fact about BSC was that no one had ever tried to achieve such a level of " spin " , as we would call it today , on such a vast and pervasive scale in another country .
The aim was to change the minds of an entire population : to make the people of America think that joining the war in Europe was a " good thing " and thereby free Roosevelt to act without fear of censure from Congress or at the polls in an election .
BSC 's media reach was extensive : it included such eminent American columnists as Walter Winchell and Drew Pearson , and influenced coverage in newspapers such as the Herald Tribune , the New York Post and the Baltimore Sun.
BSC effectively ran its own radio station , WRUL , and a press agency , the Overseas News Agency ( ONA ) , feeding stories to the media as they required from foreign datelines to disguise their provenance .
WRUL would broadcast a story from ONA and it thus became a US " source " suitable for further dissemination , even though it had arrived there via BSC agents .
It would then be legitimately picked up by other radio stations and newspapers , and relayed to listeners and readers as fact .
The story would spread exponentially and nobody suspected this was all emanating from three floors of the Rockefeller Centre .
BSC took enormous pains to ensure its propaganda was circulated and consumed as bona fide news reporting .
To this degree its operations were 100 % successful : they were never rumbled .
Nobody really knows how many people ended up working for BSC - as agents or sub-agents or sub - sub - agents - although I have seen the figure mentioned of up to 3,000 .
Certainly at the height of its operations in late 1941 there were many hundreds of agents and many hundreds of fellow travellers ( enough finally to stir the suspicions of Hoover , for one ) .
Three thousand British agents spreading propaganda and mayhem in a staunchly anti-war America .
It almost defies belief .
Try to imagine a CIA office in Oxford Street with 3,000 US operatives working in a similar way .
The idea would be incredible - but it was happening in America in 1940 and 1941 , and the organisation grew and grew .
From a novelist 's point of view , to discover such a forgotten corner of 20th - century history is a wonderful and unique gift .
I had long wanted to write a novel about a spy , a woman spy in fact , but to have her spying in America - rather than in Russia or Germany or Occupied France - seemed an irresistible bonus .
The more I investigated BSC 's activities , the more intrigued I became .
Some of BSC 's schemes verged on the absurd ; some were highly sophisticated media manipulation .
BSC invented a game called " Vik " , described as " a fascinating new pastime for lovers of democracy " .
Printed booklets described up to 500 ways of harassing and annoying Nazi sympathisers .
Players of Vik were encouraged to ring up their targets at all hours of the night and hang up .
Dead rats could be put in water tanks , air could be let out of the subject 's car tyres , anonymous deliveries could be made to his house and so on .
In the summer of 1941 , BSC sent a sham Hungarian astrologer to the US called Louis de Wohl .
At a press conference De Wohl said he had been studying Hitler 's astrological chart and could see nothing but disaster ahead for the German dictator .
De Wohl became a minor celebrity and went on tour through the US , issuing similar dire prognostications about Hitler and his allies .
De Wohl 's wholly bogus predictions were widely published .
However , one of BSC 's most successful operations originated in South America and illustrates the clandestine ability it had to influence even the most powerful .
The aim was to suggest that Hitler 's ambitions extended across the Atlantic .
In October 1941 , a map was stolen from a German courier 's bag in Buenos Aires .
The map purported to show a South America divided into five new states - Gaus , each with their own Gauleiter - one of which , Neuspanien , included Panama and " America 's lifeline " the Panama Canal .
In addition , the map detailed Lufthansa routes from Europe to and across South America , extending into Panama and Mexico .
The inference was obvious : watch out , America , Hitler will be at your southern border soon .
The map was taken as entirely credible and Roosevelt even cited it in a powerful pro-war , anti-Nazi speech on October 27 1941 : " This map makes clear the Nazi design , " Roosevelt declaimed , " not only against South America but against the United States as well . "
The news of the map caused a tremendous stir : as a piece of anti-Nazi propaganda it could not be bettered .
But was the South America map genuine ?
My own hunch is that it was a British forgery ( BSC had a superb document forging facility across the border in Canada ) .
The story of its provenance is just too pat to be wholly believable .
Allegedly , only two of these maps were made ; one was in Hitler 's keeping , the other with the German ambassador in Buenos Aires .
So how come a German courier , who was involved in a car crash in Buenos Aires , happened to have a copy on him ?
Conveniently , this courier was being followed by a British agent who in the confusion of the incident somehow managed to snaffle the map from his bag and it duly made its way to Washington .
The story of the South America map and the other BSC schemes was written up ( in an extensive document of some hundreds of pages ) after the war for private circulation by three former members of BSC ( one of them Roald Dahl , interestingly enough ) .
This secret history was a form of present for William Stephenson and a selected few others ; it was available only in typescript and only 10 typescripts ever existed .
Churchill had one , Stephenson had one and others were given to a few high officials in the SIS but they were regarded as top secret .
When Stephenson 's highly colourful and vividly inaccurate biography was written ( A Man Called Intrepid , 1976 ) , the BSC typescript was drawn on by its author , but very selectively - in order to spare American blushes .
The story of BSC seemed to be one of those wartime secrets that was never to be wholly revealed , like Bletchley Park and the Enigma machine decryptions .
But the Enigma story was eventually made public and has been written about endlessly since the mid-1970s , fostering films , TV plays and novels in the wake of the revelations .
But somehow BSC and the role of British agents in the US before Pearl Harbor has remained almost wholly undisclosed - one wonders why .
In 1998 the BSC typescript ( one of only two remaining ) was eventually published .
To say it fell stillborn from the press would be an understatement .
Yet here is a book of some 500 pages , written just after the war by former BSC agents , telling the whole story of Britain 's US infiltration in great detail , recounting all the dirty tricks and the copious and widespread news manipulation that went on .
I think it 's fair to say that historians of the British Secret Services know about BSC and its operations , yet in the wider world it still remains virtually unheard of .
The reason is the story of BSC and its operations before Pearl Harbor is deeply embarrassing and remains so to this day .
The document is explicit and condescending about American gullibility : " The simple truth is the United States is inhabited by people of many conflicting races , interests and creeds .
These people , though fully conscious of their wealth and power in the aggregate , are still unsure of themselves individually , still basically on the defensive . "
BSC set out to manipulate " these people " and was very successful at so doing - hardly the kind of attitude countries involved in a " special relationship " should display .
But that relationship is a Churchillian myth , invented and fostered by him after the war , and has been bought into wholesale by every subsequent British prime minister ( with the possible exception of Harold Wilson ) .
As the secret history of the BSC unequivocally shows , sovereign states act exclusively to serve their own interests .
A commentator in the Washington Post who read the BSC history remarked , " Like many intelligence operations , this one involved exquisite moral ambiguity .
The British used ruthless methods to achieve their goals ; by today 's peacetime standards , some of the activities may seem outrageous .
Yet they were done in the cause of Britain 's war against the Nazis - and by pushing America towards intervention , the British spies helped win the war . "
Would BSC 's activities eventually have encouraged the US to join the war in Europe ?
It remains one of the great " what ifs " of historical speculation .
The tide of US public opinion seemed to be turning towards the end of 1941 - though isolationist sentiments remained very strong - and BSC 's propaganda and relentless news manipulation deserved much of the credit for that change but , in the event , matters were taken out of BSC 's hands .
On the morning of Sunday , December 7 1941 the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor - the " day of infamy " had dawned and the question of American neutrality was gone for ever .
 William Boyd 's novel , Restless , is published by Bloomsbury on September 4 , priced  17.99 .
PythonWinny
SourceForge


ninix
Python

 Zope


make

 Winny

For Immediate ReleaseMay 11 , 2006WORLD CAN'T WAIT -- DRIVE OUT THE BUSH REGIMEwww.worldcantwait.orgPress contact : Cleveland , 216-633-6200 cleveland@worldcantwait.org
JUDGE ORDERS WORLD CAN'T WAIT ACTIVIST TO JAIL PSYCH UNIT
If you think Bush is Guilty of War Crimes , you are Delusional .
May 10 : Judge Timothy McGinty incarcerated an activist with World Can't Wait -- Drive
Out the Regime in the psych unit of the Cuyahoga County Jail in downtown Cleveland , where she now sits for an indefinite period of time .
On April 28 , after a 5 - day trial , Carol Fisher was found guilty of 2 counts of assault on police officers for posting a sign on a telephone pole announcing World Ca n't Wait 's protests against Bush 's State of the Union address .
She faces a possible 3 years in prison and a mandatory psych exam .
In a hastily called hearing on May 10 , Judge McGinty made a highly unusual decision to force Carol to undergo a state psychological exam as part of her pre-sentencing investigation .
From the start of Carol 's case , the judge has said that she must have mental problems for resisting an unlawful and brutal encounter with Cleveland Heights police .
Terry Gilbert , one of Carol 's attorneys said , " This is Gulag stuff -- saying that people who are dissidents are crazy . "
He said that in his 33 years of practicing law , he has never seen anything like this .
The small courtroom on the 21st floor of the Justice Center was ringed with 5 armed court bailiffs .
McGinty started off the hearing by making Carol stand up and had one of her attorneys read her t- shirt , which said : " Wanted for Illegally Crossing Borders : The Bush Regime .
If you are going to insist that crossing borders illegally is a crime which cannot be tolerated , how about George Bush , Dick Cheney , Donald Rumsfeld , Condoleezza Rice ( and yes , Colin Powell ) and the rest of that gang , with their highly illegal , and violent , ' crossing of the border ' - into Iraq , among other places ? ! "
McGinty then said this was further proof she is delusional .
He also kept saying Carol " wants " to go to jail because she is not willing to comply with a vindictive court ordered test to " prove " her sanity .
When Carol tried to explain why she would n't take this test , the judge 's only response was , " I do not negotiate with felons . "
Before being shipped off to jail , Carol said , " I 'd be crazy to go along with this shit !
That which you will not resist and mobilize to stop , you will learn -- or be forced - - to accept . "
On the phone this morning from the psych unit , Carol Fisher said that McGinty has taken away her eyeglasses and put her on " suicide watch . "
If she refuses the psych exam , she will be forcibly sent to North Coast Mental Institute for a 20 day evaluation .
Legal challenges are continuing , including seeking a writ of habeas corpus .
http://worldcantwait.net/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=1534&Itemid=61
http://worldcantwait.net/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=1029&Itemid=61
http://www.libertyforum.org/showflat.php?Cat=&Board=news_constitution&Number=294532954&view=collapsed&sb=5&o=21&part=
http://markcrispinmiller.blogspot.com/2006/05/stalinism-in-ohio.html
http://www.freetimes.com/modules.php?op=modload&name=News&file=article&sid=3370
http://www.globalresearch.ca/index.php?context=viewArticle&code=FIT20060504&articleId=2387
http://www.cleveland.com/news/plaindealer/index.ssf?/base/cuyahoga/1146040825219270.xml&coll=2
http://www.clevelandheights.com/upload/newsletter/minutes_02062006.pdf
Here is where things get fun :-)
1 . The anti-gay religious right preacher , Ken Hutcherson , the guy who got Microsoft to dump its support for gay rights , before Microsoft then dumped Hutcherson and stuck with the gays , traveled to Latvia with an anti-gay Holocaust revisionist , claiming to be a " special envoy " speaking on behalf of the White House to Latvian government officials and to the US ambassador himself .
The White House denied that they ever appointed this guy to anything , nor that they helped him at all with his trip to Latvia .
More here .
2. Religious right preacher guy strikes back at the White House , naming names of his contacts there and he says he has a video proving the White House named him a " special envoy . "
More here .
There is also now audio purported to be the religious right preacher claiming to speak on behalf of the White House .
3 . And today , someone filed a complaint with the FBI accusing the preacher of violating federal law by falsely representing himself as a representative of the White House .
More here .
Hutcherson hates being branded a liar .
But that 's exactly what the White House did yesterday .
U.S. 62 in the Texas Panhandle is a two - lane road with no shoulders , a straight line on land as flat as the palm of God 's hand  so flat , the skyline on all sides is below eye level and you have to look a bit down to see the horizon .
The sky is contradictory , a clash of delicacy and enormity  as light a blue as can be , but massively so , all - enveloping .
The flatness and the sky distort space .
Without a farmhouse or a windmill to judge by , it 's hard to tell one mile 's distance from five .
Miles of plowed fields , but there 's more prairie grass than there used to be , less cultivation .
Then you come upon an almost ghost town , one of hundreds across the West and Midwest .
Just a few homes , and some are empty .
A historical marker announces , " Village of Cone  Named in 1903 for J.S. Cone  Town Once Had a School , Stores , and Churches . "
No trace of anything now but the school : red brick , two spacious wings , windows boarded .
Engraved in stone over the front doors : " 19 Cone 23 . "
That sign speaks of pride and hope .
They expected something here that never happened : a future .
Floydada , the county seat , is a few miles north of Cone .
Like most county seats in such places , a proud , well - built courthouse in the center of town marks where the action used to be .
Driving the four streets that branch off from the old courthouse , I counted 55 defunct stores .
Founded in 1890 , Floydada 's official population is now said to be almost 4,000 .
Try and find them .
Wherever they are , they 're not downtown ; they do n't frequent these stores , and they do n't go to the long - closed picture show .
The people who built this place did not expect this to happen .
They did n't found this town to see it all but dead by the time their grandchildren were old .
Continue north on State Road 207 .
There 's a marker where the town of Della Plain has disappeared .
Once , on this immense expanse , there stood " a school , church , post office , stores , and a newspaper . "
Now there are not even any ruins .
Up the road is what used to be a farmhouse .
Just its corner remains , gray bent wood , beside a tilting gray privy .
You see a lot of that in the middle of nowhere , all over the West and Midwest .
Down in Terlingua on the Rio Grande , Spider Johnson and I sat on an old porch from which we could see what was left of several long - abandoned homes .
" Toil and dreams , " Spider said .
" That 's all that remains of their toil and dreams . "
Further up 207 is Silverton , population 771 .
Another county seat , founded in 1892 , its proud and all - but - empty courthouse was built in 1922 .
A Web site reports that in 1984 , Silverton had 27 businesses .
That was around the time when Dixie and I would drive 50 - ish miles from Clarendon , across the Red River and up the Caprock to a cafe in Silverton that baked terrific pies .
We 'd have our pie and coffee and then enjoy the beautiful miles back to Dixie's .
That cafe still stands , empty , like most of Silverton , where there are no longer 27 businesses .
More like seven , if that .
In 10 or 20 years there probably wo n't be anyone in Silverton or Floydada or many another sites of toil and dreams across the lands that commentators dismiss as " red states . "
Between Silverton and Clarendon you see more ghost houses and ghost gas stations and a tiny ghost store , and every year they crumble a little more .
Clarendon sits on four lanes of U.S. 287 , the main highway from Dallas to Denver .
The road and a junior college keep the town alive , but I counted 33 empty storefronts .
The proud county courthouse has n't been active for many years .
Sonic , Pizza Hut , Lowe's , Dollar General , Best Western , and NAPA / Shell franchises siphon their profits somewhere far away from this town that once boasted two first - rate hotels for railroad men ( one long empty , one now the site of a struggling local restaurant ) .
Drive north of Clarendon on State Road 70 across the Salt Fork of the Red River to I - 40 .
Not far south of I - 40 is a marker documenting the first burial ground in " this area of Donley County , 1895 . "
It was the town of Jericho .
It had " a station of the Chicago Rock Island and Gulf Rail Line " in " about 1902 . "
There was a town and a rail station here !
They left no ruins , just graves .
This road follows the route of the cattle drives on their way to Dodge City , Kan. , in a time when people thought they were building a way of life that would prosper , in a place where they expected their kin to live for centuries .
In Paducah , miles south of Clarendon , I counted again : 44 empty storefronts and what looks like an abandoned factory , plus the old county courthouse , the dark picture show , and the hollow railroad hotel .
Drive any direction for hundreds and hundreds of miles and you see the same thing .
I know .
I 've driven every state in the West and Midwest these last several years , and everywhere you see the same thing : barely alive towns , ruins of toil , ruins of dreams , ruins of a future that people worked hard for  a future that never came .
A year ago November , I drove Kansas and Nebraska with Dave Johnson ( no relation to Spider ) .
We 'd read that in many counties there were now fewer people than in the late 1800s , and we wanted to see for ourselves .
Prairie grass swayed in the wind where there 'd been farms .
Town after town looked much like what I 've described of the Texas Panhandle .
The architecture is different but always the beautifully built and long - abandoned county courthouse and dozens of empty stores .
In Kansas and Nebraska you do n't see the diversity that you now see even in small Texas towns .
Instead , you see mostly large white people of a certain ilk , the great - and great - great - and great - great - great - grandchildren of those who pioneered these plains .
And many of these folks disliked me on sight .
I forget the name of the Kansas town where we stopped for lunch .
It was like a scene in an old Western :
We walk in ; everybody looks ; everybody stares as we take our seats .
Dave , he could be a businessman from down the road ( as , in fact , he is )  distinguished looking , tall , gray hair , casual clothes .
He walks into this diner alone , and he 's fine .
Me  maybe it 's the hat , the gray ponytail , how I walk , I do n't know .
But the people in that Kansas diner , in particular  they looked at me with naked , livid hatred .
( So did old women in Nebraska the next day .
As I passed , one said to another , " Well , he 's different . "
She spat " different " as though the word meant something vile . )
In the diner , one farmhand could n't take his eyes off me .
Sitting with his friends at lunch , he stopped eating and stared at me .
His face was trembling  trembling !
 with rage and hate .
I expected something nasty to go down , but all he did was stare .
I was baffled .
Why me ?
Perhaps this is why :
These people are watching their towns die .
Watching their way of life die .
They are living the end of their dream , and they did n't believe that could happen .
Like their ancestors , they 've worked hard and hard and hard .
They 've played by the rules , believed the right things , worshipped the proper God , lived as they deeply felt life should be lived , and they 're losing everything that matters to them .
And there 's nothing they can do about it except to keep working hard , because that 's all they know .
They 're losing a way of life because of forces beyond their ken .
Giant agribusiness , globalization , politicians selling them out , a tidal wave of history sweeping them away .
Republicans and right - wing demagogues play to them , so they vote for Republicans .
But it does n't help .
Liberals and Democrats rarely come to talk to them , and still more rarely talk with them  why , then , would they vote for liberals and Democrats ?
" Blue state " snobs make jokes about the stupid " red states . "
These rural people are not stupid .
They 're furious .
Time has passed them by , and they do n't know why .
They 've done and been everything that they were taught to do and be , and it 's come to nothing .
That 's what liberals do n't get .
These people are furious , and they 've got something to be furious about , however much their fury may be misdirected .
They want somebody to blame  a useless but human need .
So I walk into their Kansas diner , and in my differentness I become an instant symbol of what 's pulling them down .
Their kids are leaving town , their towns are dying , their leaders are failing them , they 're helpless to stop it .
They expected to live prosperously in these places for centuries  their courthouses were built to last centuries .
They 're losing it all , and there 's no one to give a damn .
They did n't believe this could happen  could not conceive that their time would be so short and that their toil would be futile and that their dreams would die so hard .
Drinking a nice warm cup of green tea has long been touted for its healthful benefits , both real and anecdotal .
But now researchers have found that a component of green tea , combined with low doses of a COX - 2 inhibitor , could slow the spread of human prostate cancer .
In the March 1 issue of Clinical Cancer Research , researchers from University of Wisconsin - Madison demonstrate that low doses of the COX - 2 inhibitor celecoxib , administered with a green tea polyphenol called pigallocatechin - 3 - gallate ( EGCG ) , can slow the growth of human prostate cancer .
Their experiments were performed in cell cultures and in a mouse model for the disease .
 Celecoxib and green tea have a synergistic effect  each triggering cellular pathways that , combined , are more powerful than either agent alone ,  said Hasan Mukhtar , Ph.D. , professor of dermatology at the University of Wisconsin and member of Wisconsin s Paul Carbone Comprehensive Cancer Center .
 We hope that a clinical trial could lead to a preventative treatment as simple as tea time . 
Previous research has linked the cyclooxygenase - 2 enzyme , commonly known as COX - 2 , to many cancer types , including prostate cancer , said Mukhtar .
Mukhtar and his colleagues have previously shown COX - 2 inhibitors like celecoxib ( known under the brand name Celebrex ) suppress prostate cancer in animal models .
COX - 2 inhibitors also have been shown to cause adverse cardiovascular effects when administered at high doses over long durations .
In 2004 , Mukhtar and his colleagues demonstrated that green tea polyphenol EGCG has cancer - fighting abilities of its own .
Their study , published in Cancer Research , showed that EGCG can modulate the insulin - like growth factor - 1 ( IGF - 1 ) - driven molecular pathway in a mouse model for human prostate cancer , pushing the cells toward programmed cell death ( apoptosis ) .
 We believed that COX - 2 inhibitors may still prove beneficial if used in combination with complementary agents ,  Mukhtar said .
 Our studies showed that the additive effect of green tea enables us to utilize the cancer - fighting abilities of COX - 2 inhibitors , but at lower , safer doses . 
In this latest research , Mukhtar and his colleagues looked at the effects of the two substances on cultured human prostate cancer cells .
Alone , both EGCG and NS - 398 , a COX - 2 inhibitor similar to celecoxib , demonstrated the ability to slow cancer cell growth and limit the presence of known cancer - promoting proteins within the cell samples .
Together , EGCG and NS - 398 suppressed cell growth by an additional 15 to 28 percent .
The researchers repeated the experiment in mouse models of prostate cancer , using celecoxib and an oral suspension of the decaffeinated green tea polyphenol .
By using pharmacy - grade celecoxib and actual tea , they had hoped to replicate real - life conditions .
 The idea is that it would be easier to get people to drink green tea than it would be to take an additional dietary supplement ,  Mukhtar said .
In mice that were not treated with either substance , the tumor volume averaged 1,300 cubic millimeters , whereas mice given either the tea or celecoxib had tumors averaging 835 cubic millimeters and 650 cubic millimeters , respectively .
Tumors taken from mice given both agents , however , measured on average a volume of 350 cubic millimeters .
In parallel to tumor growth inhibition , mice that received a combination of green tea and celecoxib registered a greater decrease in prostate specific antigen ( PSA ) levels compared to that in celecoxib alone or green tea alone treated animals .
PSA is a protein produced by the cells of the prostate and is used as a marker for detection and progression of prostate cancer .
These results , combined with a marked decrease in the presence of cancer - promoting proteins , offered clear indications that green tea and celecoxib , combined , could be useful in slowing prostate cancer growth , Mukhtar said .
 Prostate cancer typically arises from more than one defect in the cellular mechanics , which means that a single therapeutic might not work fighting a particular cancer long - term ,  Mukhtar said .
 If tests in human trials replicate these results , we could see a powerful combined therapy that is both simple to administer and relatively cost effective . 
Source : American Association for Cancer Research
March 4 , 2007  --
At the annual meeting last month of the American Association for Advancement of Science , Paul Slovic , a psychology professor at the University of Oregon , recommended a review and overhaul of the 1948 Genocide Convention .
He offered two related reasons .
The first is that it has been completely ineffective , and the second is that it does n't accord well with our human tendency to be moved by dramatic individual tragedies and unmoved by mass killings .
The sentiment is not new .
Stalin famously noted , " One death is a tragedy ; a million is a statistic . "
What is new are a couple of experiments that elucidate this unfortunate tendency .
Slovic remarks , " We have to understand what it is in our makeup -- psychologically , socially , politically and institutionally -- that has allowed genocide to go unabated for a century .
If we do n't answer that question and use the answer to change things , we will see another century of horrible atrocities around the world . "
Sympathy for One Child , Less for Two Children
An important ingredient in our makeup is that we respond more emotionally to individuals than we do to groups , even small ones .
One Slovic study ( done with colleagues Daniel Vastfjll and Ellen Peters ) focused on respondents who were shown a picture of a starving African girl along with text detailing her individual plight .
A second group of respondents was shown a picture of a starving African boy with accompanying text , and a third group was shown a picture with the children together and accompanying text describing their situation .
The researchers made some measure of the sympathy each photo elicited and of the amount of money people were willing to donate to the girl alone , to the boy alone , or to both .
The individual photos and text elicited approximately equal sympathy and donations , but the joint photo and text elicited less .
Even if the number of people in a group is only two , it seems that our capacity to feel begins to decline .
Other studies show it declines more precipitously for groups of five or 10 , and the difference in our responses to , say , 57 or 58 deaths is indistinguishable .
If our moral feeling begins to decline at 2 , it's not surprising that at 250,000 the feeling is reduced to a gray " Is n't that too bad " before we switch to a discussion of a flamboyant celebrity 's personal situation , say Anna Nicole Smith and her love life .
Slovic offers an evolutionary explanation for this decline in sympathy .
Humans evolved in an environment where looking out for themselves and their families was their paramount concern .
" There was no adaptive or survival value in protecting hundreds of thousands of people on the other side of the planet , " he says .
" Today , we have modern communications that can tell us about crises occurring on the other side of the world , but we are still reacting the same way as we would have long ago . "
I would add that a somewhat similar explanation accounts for the inability of many to think statistically .
Numbers and Individuals
Other instances of moral failure are furthered by a simple lack of arithmetical skills .
Many people are more likely to make charitable contributions , for example , when the outcome of their contributions can be characterized as largely positive , even when an outcome that is likely to be more negatively characterized does much more good .
Thus , they 're more likely to contribute to a project that promises to save 90 percent of 100 lives than to one that 's likely to save only 10 percent of 5,000 lives , despite the fact that the latter intervention would save 410 more lives .
Or what about an almost cost - free intervention , such as the bombing of a few train lines during World War II that might have saved " only " 1 percent of those who died in concentration camps ?
( Of course , a reluctance to look at the numbers and a readiness to be swayed by marginally relevant personal stories is pervasive and extends far beyond the issue of genocide . )
Another study by Slovic ( together with Loewenstein and Small ) demonstrates the power of individual pictures .
Researchers gave people the opportunity to contribute up to $ 5 to Save the Children and showed a group of them a picture of a starving African girl with text describing her dire conditions .
The researchers showed a second group of people a set of general statistics about starving children in Africa , and they showed a third group both the picture and facts of an identifiable life as well as a statistical description of the general conditions .
The first group contributed the most money , the second and third groups substantially less .
Astonishingly , adding the statistical description to the picture and personal information actually decreased the amount contributed .
One inference from this work is that for most people a compelling picture of an individual is worth a thousand statistics .
The thought occurs that this might be an opportunity for some paparazzi to redeem themselves .
Forget celebrities ' rehab centers ; go to Darfur 's refugee camps .
John Allen Paulos , a professor of mathematics at Temple University , has written such best - sellers as " Innumeracy " and " A Mathematician Plays the Stock Market . "
His " Who 's Counting ? " column on ABCNEWS.com appears the first weekend of every month .
 Hi , I'm Alex
I help people start software businesses
I 'm an experienced developer who specializes in early - stage startups .
I work with founders on a range of technology , product , and business issues .
Such as :
Building great software , as quickly as possible
Recruiting developers and designers
Fostering an excellent company culture
Leading effective product teams
If you 're starting a software business , I 'd love to talk .
THE REPUBLICAN PARTY OWES YOU $ 20,000  .
The Democratic Strategist has a roundtable discussion in its September issue that pretty neatly encapsulates my own inability to figure out what economic message will work for liberals .
To start , the authors of the main article make an excellent point :
Part of the problem is that Democrats have been misled about the state of the middle class .
Progressive economists typically peg median household income at about $ 45,000 .
But that includes households headed by 22 - year olds ( who are on their way up ) and 76 - year olds ( who live on fixed incomes that may be small but are often comfortable since they have no dependents and limited work related expenses ) .
Among households headed by prime age Americans ?
adults between the ages of 26 and 59 ?
the median household income is about $ 63,000 .
This is a badly underappreciated point : America is a very rich country .
People still have economic worries , but the plain fact is that the vast majority of Americans are well enough off that their financial status is not the overwhelmingly most powerful fact of their lives .
Like it or not , this means that for about 70 - 80 % of the population , raw appeals to economic populism just do nt have much salience .
But here s the problem : the two rebuttals that have been posted so far also make sense .
John Halpin says :  The problem lies with a Democratic Party establishment that is unwilling or unable to call it like it is in a larger sense .
explaining to Americans how the GOP - controlled system is rigged against the middle class on everything from taxation and social spending to corporate welfare and military service . 
Hear hear .
And Elizabeth Warren writes :  Today , a fully - employed , median - earning male makes about $ 800 less than his counterpart made back in 1972 .
But costs for many of the basics ?
housing , health insurance , transportation , college educations - continued to rise . 
Halpin and Warren are right : Republicans have rigged the system to overwhelmingly favor the rich and the result has been stagnation and increasing insecurity for the middle class .
But the reason Republicans been able to get away with this is that stagnation at a household income of $ 63,000 is nt all that bad .
So how do we get this point across ?
Here s the basic message :
In 1970 , the median income for workers age 35 - 44 was $ 29,000 ( in today s dollars ) .
Today , the median income for the same worker is $ 32,000 .
During that time , total income ( adjusted for population ) has increased by about 80 % .
If that growth had been spread evenly instead of going predominantly to the already rich , the median income of a middle - aged worker today would be $ 52,000 .
That s a difference of 20 grand .
( And no , counting healthcare benefits does nt change this calculation very much . )
I dunno .
Is that enough to get people pissed ?
If middle - class income had merely kept pace with economic growth , your $ 32,000 job would instead be paying you $ 52,000 .
But it s not .
And the reason is that virtually all of the economic growth of the past three decades has been funneled into the pockets of the well - off , the rich , and the super - rich .
And yet , that $ 52,000 number is just airy theorizing .
And $ 32,000 is nt so bad .
And the Steelers are playing this weekend .
So how do we get people to pay attention to this ?
WAY BACK when he first appeared on the national scene , the rap against George W. Bush was that he might be too dumb to be president .
As time passed , questions about Bush s mental capabilities faded away .
After 9/11 , his instinctive rather than analytical view of the world seemed to be just what we needed , and Americans of all stripes were desperate to see heroic qualities in him .
( As Dan Rather announced at the time :  George Bush is the president ; he makes the decisions ; and , you know , as just one American , wherever he wants me to line up , just tell me where .  )
On top of that , Democrats decided it was politically counterproductive to attack Bush s intelligence .
Bruce Reed of the Democratic Leadership Council said in 2002 , for instance , that calling Bush dumb  plays directly into Bush s strength , which is that he comes across as a regular guy . 
And so , for most of the last six years , the question of Bush s intelligence has remained off the table .
Oh , sure , a few of us have brought it up from time to time , but we have generally been dismissed out of hand as wacky Bush - haters .
By 2004 , the question had been turned around completely .
Democrats had almost nothing to say about Bush s lack of intellect , while Republicans joyfully and repeatedly attacked John Kerry as an egghead .
Anti-intellectualism was triumphant .
Advertisement
Yet it is now increasingly clear that Bush s status as non-rocket scientist is a serious problem .
The problem is not his habit -- savored by late - night comedians -- of stumbling over multisyllabic words .
It is his shocking lack of intellectual curiosity .
Ron Suskind s new book ,  The One Percent Doctrine ,  paints a harrowing picture of Bush s intellectual limits .
Bush , writes Suskind ,  is not much of a reader . 
He prefers verbal briefings and often makes a horse - sense judgment based on how confident his briefer seems in what he s saying .
In August 2001 , the CIA was in a panic about an upcoming terrorist attack and drafted a report with the title ,  Bin Laden Determined to Strike in U.S. 
When a CIA staffer summed up the memo s contents in a face - to - face meeting with Bush , the president found the briefer insufficiently confident and dismissed him by saying ,  All right , you ve covered your ass , now ,  according to Suskind .
That turned out to be a fairly disastrous judgment .
Bush loyalists like to dismiss Suskind s reporting , but it jibes with the picture that has emerged from other sources .
L. Paul Bremer III s account of his tenure as head of Iraq s Coalition Provisional Authority depicts Bush as uninterested in the central questions of rebuilding and occupying the country .
Video of a presidential meeting that came to light this year showed Bush being briefed on the incipient Hurricane Katrina .
His subordinates come off as deeply concerned about a potential catastrophe , but Bush appears blase , declining to ask a single question .
And of course there was the famous 2001 incident in which Russian President Vladimir Putin conveyed to Bush a story of being given a cross by his mother .
Bush invested deep significance in the story .
 I found him to be very straightforward and trustworthy ,  he told reporters .
 I was able to get a sense of his soul . 
Advertisement
Bush s supporters have insisted for the last six years that liberal derision of the president s intelligence amounts to nothing more than cultural snobbery .
We do nt like his pickup truck and his accent , the accusation goes , so we hide our blue - state prejudices behind a mask of intellectual condescension .
But the more we learn about how Bush operates , the more we can see we were right from the beginning .
It matters that the president values his gut reaction and disdains book learnin .
It s not just a question of cultural style .
The president s narrow intellectual horizons have real consequences , sometimes cataclysmic ones .
It s true that presidents can succeed without being intellectuals themselves .
The trouble is that Bush is nt just a nonintellectual , he viscerally disdains intellectuals .
 What angered me was the way such people at Yale felt so intellectually superior and so righteous ,  he told a Texas Monthly reporter in 1994 .
When I went to college at Michigan , I occasionally played pickup basketball with varsity football players .
They obviously felt athletically superior to me .
I did nt resent them for it -- because they were .
There s nothing more satisfying than building something yourself , and why not gadgets ?
These interesting tutorials from master gadget hacker KipKay will show you how to build lightercycles ( above ) , plasma cutter from Dead Space 2 , and more .
Continue reading to see them all .
Because burrowing can cause landslips in quarries , residents of Portland , Dorset , instead call the creatures underground mutton or furry things .
Posters for the new film , The Curse of the Were - Rabbit , on Portland do not use the word , to respect local folklore .
Instead they simply say " Something bunny is going on " .
Les Ames , mayor of Weymouth and Portland , told BBC News that the animals could cause dangerous landslips in the quarries the isle is famous for .
" If the word rabbit is used in company in Portland there is generally a bit of a hush , " he said .
" In the olden days when quarrying was done by hand , if one of these animals was seen in the area , the quarryman would pack up and go home for the day - until the safety of the area had been reconnoitred .
" It is an unwritten rule in Portland that you do not use the word rabbit . "
A spokesman for Aardman Animations said they were happy to respect local folklore .
Attacking hardened and deeply buried target is one of the Air Forces biggest challenges .
They are meeting this challenge with a devastating new approach : a focused underground shockwave that amounts to an artificial earthquake .
At present the kinetic approach  a .k.a. brute force  is favored ; the most powerful weapon in the inventory is the BLU - 113 , a 4,600 lb weapon with a thick steel casing capable of piercing 22 feet of concrete -- or 100 feet of dirt -- before exploding .
There are plans to go even bigger , with a monster 30,000 lb  Massive Ordnance Penetrator  which would take the maximum depth to 60 feet .
That s about as big as you can carry on a plane .
Ive described Deep Digger here previously .
Unlike earlier weapons this is an active penetrator , a bomb that actually burrows into the ground by drilling a shaft with volleys from seven cannon .
In a demonstration last year a Deep Digger prototype penetrated more than 30 feet of limestone .
The makers were tight - lipped about how much further it could go .
This presentation from David Burns of the Medium Caliber Weapons Systems Branch of ARDEC reveals much more about the weapon than previously released .
In particular , it is described as being able to dig down to 150 feet .
That s impressive on its own , but the  Concept Of Operations  in Slide 4 is staggering : an array of 20 Deep Diggers would be detonated together to produce a shockwave which will collapse all underground structures to a depth of 300 feet over a 200 - yard square area .
Compare this to this description of the B61 - 11 , the only bunker - busting nuclear bomb in the arsenal :
For a penetration depth of three meters and a yield of 0.3 kilotons , the B61 - 11 could destroy a target buried under roughly 15 meters [= 50 feet ] of hard rock or concrete .
For the same penetration depth and the maximum yield of 340 kilotons , the destruction depth would be roughly 70 meters [ =210 feet ] for a hardened target .
In other words , the Deep Digger array is more effective than a 340 - kiloton nuclear weapon optimised to attack underground targets .
The secret is in effectively combining 20 separate explosions into a coherent pulse .
This area has been researched for many years , in particular in the 90s under the name of ACE , for Array of Conventional Explosives .
It takes a phenomenal amount of computing power to calculate the non-linear effects of multiple explosions combining in a three - dimensional volume ( which may not be homogenous ) , and new software tools were developed for the job .
In addition , real - world testing is needed to validate these models  hence exercises like the notorious Divine Strake which involves a underground explosion of 700 tons of explosives .
The last I heard the Array Of Conventional Explosives had been axed , in favor of simpler and more straightforward approaches , but Deep Digger has some key advantages over earlier weapons that make it more suitable :
- Deep penetration means that all of the blast goes into creating an underground shockwave , not just digging a crater .
For blasting rock , its basic that the charge need to be drilled to a depth to be effective .
- Deep Digger parachutes down to a soft landing before digging in .
Other bunker busters hit the ground very hard and experience a deceleration tens of thousands of g's .
This affects their reliability , and the loss of a few warheads may make the whole array ineffective .
- Deep Digger may be able to maneuver underground , correcting the configuration of the array after it is in place .
And Deep Digger is only a first - generation active penetrator .
Devices like General Dynamics Worm which Noah described last week may burrow much more effectively .
Or course , bunkers can always be dug deeper .
One British Cold War plan involved relocating government centres to coal mines 5,000 feet underground .
However , given that the Deep Digger array can collapse the entrance tunnels to a depth of 300 feet , any such deep bunker may become a tomb from which the occupants will never escape .
More importantly , such an array would make the vast majority of existing bunkers obsolete , or at any rate insecure .
This would include nuclear facilities such as missile siloes .
(( Of course the idea is not new .
In WWII Barnes - Wallis used the shockwaves from Grand Slam bombs to bring down German railway viaducts when standard bombs proved ineffective .
A Deep Digger array might also be used to cause the simultaneous collapse of blocks of skyscrapers , or dams or other large structures . ) )
Ive been advised that the Deep Digger program is undergoing a security review .
If past experience is anything to go by , this means you wont be hearing any more news updates on the program .
Meanwhile , DARPA have started their Strategically Hardened Facility Defeat ( SHFD ) program which :
... seeks to leverage recent advances in non-nuclear earth - penetrating technologies for the defeat of strategically hardened targets .
System and technology areas to be developed in this program include : new penetration technologies , robust self - contained aerial deployment options , sensing and navigation subsystems
This sounds like someone is going to start throwing a heap of money at something very much like Deep Digger .
In the near future , digging yourself into a hole is not going to offer any protection -- and that could change a lot of things .
-- David Hambling
The urge to hug a departed loved one again or prevent atrocities are among the compelling reasons that keep the notion of time travel alive in the minds of many .
While the idea makes for great fiction , some scientists now say traveling to the past is impossible .
There are a handful of scenarios that theorists have suggested for how one might travel to the past , said Brian Greene , author of the bestseller ,  The Elegant Universe  and a physicist at Columbia University .
 And almost all of them , if you look at them closely , brush up right at the edge of physics as we understand it .
Most of us think that almost all of them can be ruled out . 
The fourth dimension
In physics , time is described as a dimension much like length , width , and height .
When you travel from your house to the grocery store , you re traveling through a direction in space , making headway in all the spatial dimensions  length , width and height .
But you re also traveling forward in time , the fourth dimension .
 Space and time are tangled together in a sort of a four - dimensional fabric called space - time ,  said Charles Liu , an astrophysicist with the City University of New York , College of Staten Island and co-author of the book  One Universe : At Home In The Cosmos . 
Space - time , Liu explains , can be thought of as a piece of spandex with four dimensions .
 When something that has mass  you and I , an object , a planet , or any star  sits in that piece of four - dimensional spandex , it causes it to create a dimple ,  he said .
 That dimple is a manifestation of space - time bending to accommodate this mass . 
The bending of space - time causes objects to move on a curved path and that curvature of space is what we know as gravity .
Mathematically one can go backwards or forwards in the three spatial dimensions .
But time does nt share this multi-directional freedom .
 In this four - dimensional space - time , you re only able to move forward in time ,  Liu told LiveScience .
Tunneling to the past
A handful of proposals exist for time travel .
The most developed of these approaches involves a wormhole  a hypothetical tunnel connecting two regions of space - time .
The regions bridged could be two completely different universes or two parts of one universe .
Matter can travel through either mouth of the wormhole to reach a destination on the other side .
 Wormholes are the future , wormholes are the past ,  said Michio Kaku , author of  Hyperspace  and  Parallel Worlds  and a physicist at the City University of New York .
 But we have to be very careful .
The gasoline necessary to energize a time machine is far beyond anything that we can assemble with today s technology . 
To punch a hole into the fabric of space - time , Kaku explained , would require the energy of a star or negative energy , an exotic entity with an energy of less than nothing .
Greene , an expert on string theory  which views matter in a minimum of 10 dimensions and tries to bridge the gap between particle physics and nature 's fundamental forces , questioned this scenario .
 Many people who study the subject doubt that that approach has any chance of working ,  Greene said in an interview .
 But the basic idea if you re very , very optimistic is that if you fiddle with the wormhole openings , you can make it not only a shortcut from a point in space to another point in space , but a shortcut from one moment in time to another moment in time . 
Cosmic strings
Another popular theory for potential time travelers involves something called cosmic strings  narrow tubes of energy stretched across the entire length of the ever - expanding universe .
These skinny regions , leftover from the early cosmos , are predicted to contain huge amounts of mass and therefore could warp the space - time around them .
Cosmic strings are either infinite or they re in loops , with no ends , said J. Richard Gott , author of  Time Travel in Einstein 's Universe  and an astrophysicist at Princeton University .
 So they are either like spaghetti or SpaghettiOs . 
The approach of two such strings parallel to each other , said Gott , will bend space - time so vigorously and in such a particular configuration that might make time travel possible , in theory .
 This is a project that a super civilization might attempt ,  Gott told LiveScience .
 It s far beyond what we can do .
We re a civilization that s not even controlling the energy resources of our planet . 
Impossible , for now
Mathematically , you can certainly say something is traveling to the past , Liu said .
 But it is not possible for you and me to travel backward in time ,  he said .
However , some scientists believe that traveling to the past is , in fact , theoretically possible , though impractical .
Maybe if there were a theory of everything , one could solve all of Einstein s equations through a wormhole , and see whether time travel is really possible , Kaku said .
 But that would require a technology far more advanced than anything we can muster , " he said .
" Do nt expect any young inventor to announce tomorrow in a press release that he or she has invented a time machine in their basement . 
For now , the only definitive part of travel in the fourth dimension is that we re stepping further into the future with each passing moment .
So for those hoping to see Earth a million years from now , scientists have good news .
 If you want to know what the Earth is like one million years from now , I ll tell you how to do that ,  said Greene , a consultant for  Dj Vu ,  a recent movie that dealt with time travel .
 Build a spaceship .
Go near the speed of light for a length of time  that I could calculate .
Come back to Earth , and when you step out of your ship you will have aged perhaps one year while the Earth would have aged one million years .
You would have traveled to Earth s future . 
Related News
An Introduction to Petname Systems
by Marc Stiegler , Feb 2005 , copyright under the MIT X License
updated June 2010
Abstract
Zooko's Triangle [ Zooko ] argues that names cannot be global , secure , and memorable , all at the same time .
Domain names are an example : they are global , and memorable , but as the rapid rise of phishing demonstrates , they are not secure .
Though no single name can have all three properties , the petname system does indeed embody all three properties .
Informal experiments with petname - like systems suggest that petnames can be both intuitive and effective .
Experimental implementations already exist for simple extensions to existing browsers that could alleviate ( possibly dramatically ) the problems with phishing .
As phishers gain sophistication , it seems compelling to experiment with petname systems as part of the solution .
Basic Petname Layout
Below , we have Zooko 's Triangle overlaid with a petname system :
For the purposes of this document , we actually use an alternate rendering of the key points of Zooko 's Triangle .
The points of the triangle are :
Memorable : this means that a human being has a chance of remembering the name .
Memorable names pass the " moving bus test " : if you see the name on the side of a bus as it drives past you , you should be able to remember the name long enough to use it when you get home .
Global : this means the name is publicly available , and indeed the entity to whom the name is attached is eager to give it to you .
A key goal of marketing and advertising is to capture memorable names in such a fashion that the memorable name is globally locked to a particular entity .
Securely Unique :
This is means that the name cannot be forged or mimicked .
A name can be forged if one can manufacture an exact duplicate of the name such that neither man nor machine can tell the difference .
A name can be mimicked if one can make a name similar enough to fool the human being .
In general , phishing depends on mimicry , not forgery .
This difference becomes crucial later in the discussion .
Each name set consists of three elements : a key that is global and securely unique ( but not necessarily memorable ) ; a nickname that is global and memorable ( but not at all unique ) , and a petname that is securely unique and memorable ( but private , not global ) :
Keys lie at the heart of the security properties of the petname system .
Nicknames and petnames exist to make it easy for human beings to manipulate keys .
The security of the system can be no stronger than the unforgeability of the keys .
Self - authenticating public / private key pairs make excellent keys since they have strong unforgeability properties .
But there are other ways of achieving unforgeability .
A trusted path can also work well as the key : the full pathname to a file on a specific computer is also unforgeable ( or at least , as unforgeable as the designation of the specific computer , which can be quite strong in some cases ) .
It does not make any difference in a petname system whether a key can be mimicked : keys are handled only by the computer , the human being handles the keys only indirectly via petnames .
For a particular person , for a particular application , there is a one - to - one mapping between a key and a petname .
lie at the heart of the security properties of the petname system .
Nicknames and petnames exist to make it easy for human beings to manipulate keys .
The security of the system can be no stronger than the unforgeability of the keys .
Self - authenticating public / private key pairs make excellent keys since they have strong unforgeability properties .
But there are other ways of achieving unforgeability .
A trusted path can also work well as the key : the full pathname to a file on a specific computer is also unforgeable ( or at least , as unforgeable as the designation of the specific computer , which can be quite strong in some cases ) .
It does not make any difference in a petname system whether a key can be mimicked : keys are handled only by the computer , the human being handles the keys only indirectly via petnames .
For a particular person , for a particular application , there is a one - to - one mapping between a key and a petname .
Nicknames can be used to assist in discovery of keys , and for help in selecting a petname .
Nicknames are chosen by the owners of keys in hopes of creating a distinctive , if not unique , mapping from the memorable nickname to the key .
Such nicknames often are promulgated throughout the world in the hopes of making the nickname stick in the mind as a reference to the key .
Since there are strong incentives to " take ownership " of a nickname , even though true ownership is not possible , nicknames are the most often misunderstood part of a petname system .
In the simple case , a nickname has a one - to - many mapping to keys
The name John Smith is obviously a nickname : there are many John Smiths .
Other nicknames produce the illusion of being globally unique : the name Marc Stiegler appears to be globally unique at the time of this writing .
But there is no security property in this accident of global uniqueness .
The uniqueness of the name Marc Stiegler would change quite quickly if , through the mysterious forces of human whimsy , the name suddenly became desirable .
Sometimes the desirability of a nickname is not whimsical , but venal .
It is already desirable for some applications to call themselves Quicken , for example , and draw windows that request a Quicken password .
can be used to assist in discovery of keys , and for help in selecting a petname .
Nicknames are chosen by the owners of keys in hopes of creating a distinctive , if not unique , mapping from the memorable nickname to the key .
Such nicknames often are promulgated throughout the world in the hopes of making the nickname stick in the mind as a reference to the key .
Since there are strong incentives to " take ownership " of a nickname , even though true ownership is not possible , nicknames are the most often misunderstood part of a petname system .
In the simple case , a nickname has a one - to - many mapping to keys
The name John Smith is obviously a nickname : there are many John Smiths .
Other nicknames produce the illusion of being globally unique : the name Marc Stiegler appears to be globally unique at the time of this writing .
But there is no security property in this accident of global uniqueness .
The uniqueness of the name Marc Stiegler would change quite quickly if , through the mysterious forces of human whimsy , the name suddenly became desirable .
Sometimes the desirability of a nickname is not whimsical , but venal .
It is already desirable for some applications to call themselves Quicken , for example , and draw windows that request a Quicken password .
Petnames are our private bidirectional references to keys .
There are many Mark Millers , but there is one specific Mark Miller that the name means to me , the Mark Miller who works with object - capabilities for secure cooperation .
" Mark Miller " is Mark Miller 's nickname ; it also happens to be my petname for the same individual .
My private pet name for my wife is not recognizably similar to the public nickname used by my wife .
In the computer setting , for a specific person with a specific application , petnames are unique , each petname refers to exactly one key , and each key is represented by exactly one petname .
In all places in the application where the app wants to designate the key , the petname is displayed -- which is to say , a true petname is a bidirectional one - to - one mapping to a key .
All references to the key by the user interface are represented by petname .
A key cannot have two petnames ; if a single key had two petnames , under what circumstances would the user interface use petname1 as the representation of the key , and under what circumstances would it bring up petname2 ?
More Detail , and Interactions
A good example of a nickname management system is Google .
Type in a name , and Google will return a list that includes all the entities Google knows , to which the name refers .
Google makes a mapping between these nicknames and their keys ( if we think of the url of a page as a trusted - path - style key , which will be discussed later ) .
Often enough to be interesting , the first item in the list will be the one you wanted .
But it fails often enough , and endless pages of other choices appear often enough , to never leave us in doubt that these identifiers are not unique mappings to single keys .
As is already true in the current world , in a world filled with petname systems , a key goal of marketing would be to get your nickname listed at the top of the Google rankings for that nickname .
A single key may map to multiple nicknames .
The entity that comes up first in a Google search for " Marc Stiegler " is an entity who proposes the nickname " marcs " for himself in many forums .
However , to assess the security properties of a petname system , this is irrelevant .
Nicknames are conveniences that may serve as good starting points for petnames .
If I send you my key and my nickname , often my nickname ( which I normally will have chosen to be reasonably rare in the world ) will work great as your petname .
But do not confuse the nickname - as - proposal with the petname - as - decided .
Never in a true petname system is the nickname presented or employed as if it were a petname .
Alleged names are similar enough to nicknames to be worth distinguishing .
An alleged name is the name for an entity proposed by a third party , typically in an introduction .
This can also be useful as a starting place for picking a petname .
Alleged names , like nicknames , are usually memorable , often global , and never securely unique .
Alleged names are often based on nicknames , though this is unreliable enough , if one really cares about the nickname then one really needs to ask the entity holding the key , not the introducer .
In action , keys and alleged names tend to be transferred together .
We refer henceforth to such key / alleged - name pairs as referrals .
It is crucial not to confuse private petnames with global nicknames that temporarily happen to have a unique mapping to a key .
Experience to date suggests that the word " petname " is attractive , leading people to desire to use it .
People can thence easily fall into the trap of referring to momentarily unique nicknames as " petnames " .
This error then leads them inevitably to draw fatally confused conclusions about the possibility of petnames with global meaning .
The security properties of a petname come from its privacy .
Public nicknames are trivially vulnerable to both forgery and mimicry ; they have no security properties .
Petnames are guessable .
Most people will accept Paypal 's nickname as the petname .
This can only impact the security of the system if the user interface distinguishes the petnames from the nicknames so poorly that the user gets confused .
The term " petname " suggests that this name is embodied as text .
This is not necessary ; petnames can be graphical as well .
Indeed , some of the petname systems listed later use petnames that include both pet texts and pet graphics .
Petnames must be repeatably editable by the human being so that the set of petnames can evolve as the user 's set of associations grow .
You might use the petname " Mark Miller " for the one and only Mark Miller that you know .
But then if you meet another Mark Miller you will have to distinguish , possibly by editing the first one : the single entry " Mark Miller " may now split into " Mark Miller Capability Guru " and " Mark Miller Dentist " .
Petnames convey power : since the petname is the user representation of the key , it is through the petname that the human being uses the key , communicates with the key owner , and conveys authority to the key owner based on the user 's purposeful trust relationship with that owner ( purposeful trust is the type of trust needed to engage in action : I trust ( i.e. , I am willing to be vulnerable to ) Entity X to hold N number of dollars on my behalf , and to engage in transfers of that money based on orders I give ) .
Another way of thinking about the relationship between a key and a petname is this .
The key is used to authenticate the entity that owns the key .
The petname is used as a handle upon which to hang the trust / reliance / vulnerability data used by the human being to make authorization decisions for that entity .
If the entity represented by the petname My Phone Company asks for my credit card , if the justification sounds reasonable , I will release it .
If the entity represented by the petname Deadbeat Brother ( whom I nonetheless trust to teach my daughter soccer in the afternoon without supervision -- the trust relationship with such a brother is neither positive nor negative , it is complex ) asks for my credit card , I will not release it no matter what the justification .
The security of a petname system depends on the keys to prevent forgery , and on the petnames to prevent mimicry .
Petnames In Action
Informal experimentation suggests that a petname system is much easier to use than to explain ( see examples below ) .
We will create a single example for this introduction , and give some hint as to the wide diversity of variations in the Examples .
Suppose I send you Mark Miller 's OpenPGP pubkey in email .
I say , " here is mark miller 's pubkey . "
I sent you both a key and an alleged name ( mark miller ) .
Implicit in the transmission of the alleged name is the proposal that you might want to consider " mark miller " as the petname .
What you actually choose as a petname depends entirely on your context .
If you know this particular mark miller in other contexts in other applications as " markm " , you may choose " markm " as the name referring to this key in your list of pubkeys .
If you think this might be the same mark miller , but are not willing to be vulnerable to me as the sole source of such powerful mapping , you might use the petname " Marc Stiegler 's Mark Miller " or " Mark Stiegler 's markm " .
If you perform appropriate incantations on the pubkey , you can get the entity 's nickname .
If this pubkey already exists in your list , your software should n't give you the choice of adding it : the software should tell you that you already have this one , and tell you the current petname ( and perhaps bring up the petname editor so you can change the petname if the newly - received reference suggests a better name ) .
If you receive a message signed with the private key for the markm petname 's pubkey , the software should display the petname markm .
If you send a message to mark miller , you should pick the encryption key based on the petname .
The above example has the security properties of a petname system , but OpenPGP systems often do not demonstrate the usability properties a petname system needs .
Instant messaging systems with buddy lists demonstrate the usability properties , but for reasons beyond the understanding of this author , discard all the security properties .
See the examples section for more details on buddy lists as petname systems .
Key Issues with Petname Systems
Two elements of full - fledged petname systems seem to be principle sources of controversy .
One is , how do I get the keys transferred around the system ?
The other is , " how easily can Darth Vader mimic a petname ? " .
Transferring Keys and Purposeful Trust
Transferring keys around the universe is easy ; for example , plaster the keys on all the web sites in the world that 'll let you do so .
The hard part is transferring a key with an association to purposeful trust .
It is useless to both PayPal and the phisher who wants your Paypal account if you just know Paypal 's key ; you have to be willing to make yourself vulnerable to the entity who owns the key to hold your credit card , trusting him to engage in only transfers that you specify .
The question , " how do I transfer a purposeful trust association ? " , is hard to answer because there is no simple single answer .
Instead , there are a vast array of answers , each of which works in narrow circumstances .
The question is made even more difficult to answer because the mechanisms by which humans determine an appropriate purposeful trust to be associated with an entity is subtle , complex , powerful , and completely subconscious : the question of how you transfer the association can easily slide into a hopeless discussion of how to create purposeful trust in the first place .
Here we outline some general ideas for transferring key / purposeful - trust mappings , then in the Examples point out some practical approaches in specific narrow contexts .
Answers often start with direct physical contact .
You get a combination of a nickname and a key in a file from your best friend , who says , " this Google thing is a great search engine " , or " this Consumer Reports site will not lead you astray " .
You stick these referrals in your browser , assign petnames , and make yourself vulnerable to them for the purposes stated because your friend said so .
Then when the side of the bus says PayPal , you might go and see what Google thinks Paypal means .
Since a relationship with PayPal is a serious vulnerability decision , serious enough so that we 're not going to jump at the first site just because Google said so , we 'll ask a few of our friends to email referrals to the entities they use for online money .
If the referrals they send all share the same key as the Google key ( which is easy to tell , because trying to add each new key / petname mapping will produce the alert that the key matches something you 've already got ) , the quality of your willingness to be vulnerable to the key you have petnamed PayPal improves .
This is pretty similar to how we all started using PayPal even without the petname system : we jumped in when enough of our friends and organizations that we trust for recommendations about financial matters concurred .
The only difference in the petname version of the story is that our friends explicitly gave us referrals rather than easily mimicked domain names , and we explicitly set a petname ( perhaps by just clicking an Accept key when the alleged name was proposed as the petname ) .
While a full - fledged , purebred petname system could in principle supplant the entire DNS system , we have DNS now , and we can use it to do some bootstrapping .
My ability to type google.com and paypal.com is probably adequate to get started .
Regardless of how you bootstrap , you can get referrals by email , thumbdrive , web page , chat , and even by telephone .
Converting From Nickname to Petname
The other part of the system that is impossible to quantify is the mimicability of pet names .
Let us assume a poorly built petname system in the clutches of a clueless user .
We have a money transfer site on the Web that we have petnamed PayPal .
We get an email telling us to update our PayPal account , we click the link , and go to a domain that has given itself the nickname PayPa1 ( for those of you with typically broken fonts , that last character , " 1 " , is a one ) .
Our poorly built hypothetical petname system is so poorly built , the nickname is put into the field where the petnames go , with a hint of shading or some other easy - to - miss mod to mark the fact that this is the web site 's nickname for itself , not our petname for it .
The distinction is missed , and our user is phished .
The solutions to this problem are application and context specific , though there are some good ideas floating around that seem to have wide applicability .
In the Waterken Petname Toolbar proposal ( see below ) , the alleged name is always " untrusted " .
It 's hard to fail to recognize that this is n't PayPal , though a sufficiently unobservant user might completely disregard the petname and nickname information and get phished anyway .
There is limited informal evidence that users really do notice things like this ( see below ) , and so the most cynical of skeptics are probably mostly wrong though they are probably slightly right : if you send a million phishing emails to each of a million users , some day some one will be tired and unobservant and will get phished .
If sending a trillion emails like this is cheap enough , phishing will remain profitable , so part of the solution needs to be making a trillion emails ever so slightly expensive .
Regardless , multiple experiments with multiple user interfaces would be a good idea to help develop user interfaces that maximize the probability that a tired unobservant user will notice a warning .
There are a couple of user interface issues .
The petnames must be unambiguously distinct from nicknames .
This seems easy to do , through colors , fonts , additional text , and separate fields for the nickname as examples of pieces of strategy .
More difficult is the following problem : Petname creation must be both painless ( or people will reject the whole idea ) and reliably mimicry - free ( it would be a disaster to have both PayPal and PayPa1 as petnames ! ) .
Is this one of those hopeless tradeoffs that the computer security community enjoys throwing in its own face ?
To the author , this problem looks solvable ; indeed , it seems hard to believe that this cannot be solved with some reasonable satisfaction , given the number of user interface ideas for this problem floating around .
But implementations and experiments , will be required to identify minimally intrusive , adequately effective solutions .
Here are two example ideas for petname creation user interface that seem generally applicable .
First is to compose the default choice for the petname out of a combination of contextual information and nickname information .
Suppose we click on a link to " PayPal " in the Consumer Reports site ( that is , the site that we have assigned the nickname , " Consumer Reports " ) .
This takes us to a new site that proposes the nickname " PayPal " .
The system clearly marks that we do not have a petname for this site and proposes " Consumer Reports 's PayPal " .
The user can press a button to accept this name , edit it , or , with algorithmic chicanery left as an exercise for the reader , press a second button that says , " let me use the raw nickname PayPal as the petname . "
This system still depends on the user remembering the petnames he has already assigned and noticing at the time of creation of the new petname , whether he already has a similar name in his list .
This by itself is probably enough to protect the PayPal pet name -- most of us who gave PayPal a petname would have no trouble remembering we had done so , and if we saw something that looked like " PayPal " , we 'd notice we were at risk of confusing ourselves if we accepted a similar name -- but again , we are dealing with humans , so the process is imperfect .
To support the human being , we'd want to use a font that was as ambiguous as possible during petname creation , mixing up 1 and l and I in a hopeless mess , so that we could be confident that our petnames looked unique no matter what ridiculous font got used later .
Examples , Near Examples , and Comparisons
Physical World Petnames
Humans have been using parts of petname systems since before the invention of the written word .
Human faces were used as keys .
These keys resisted forgery far better than most things that pass for security today on computers ( except in episodes of Mission Impossible , and the occasional Shakespearian comedy like 12th Night ) .
The referral , " Joe , this is my son Billy , he 's great with a club , " transferred both a key / alleged - name pair and a first - order purposeful trust recommendation .
The recipient of this referral typically accepts the alleged name as a petname , though in some cases the recipient may instead choose other petnames , such as , " Bob 's big dumb dufus of a son " , which is a strictly private petname .
These physical world petname systems were sufficiently different from computer - based petname systems that it is dangerous to draw too many conclusions from them .
But the similarities are sufficiently intriguing that the author feels compelled to mention them .
More comprehensive comparison and contrasting of physical petnaming to computer - based petnaming is left as an entertainment for the reader .
Trademark Law
Trademark law is not a petname system .
When civilization started creating entities that did not have unforgeable faces ( like Apple Computer ) , we settled on a legal system that attempted , with fair success , to enforce ( that is , secure ) purpose - unique memorable global IDs for small numbers of entities .
It is hard to map trademarks onto petname systems for comparison , but an attempt seems in order .
The trademark - purpose pair is the key , made unforgeable by government coercion .
It is important to note that the trademark itself is not the key : Apple Computer and Apple Music both used the trademark Apple for decades , without conflict , until Apple Computer entered the music business .
The trademark by itself is the nickname : Apple Computer thinks of itself as " Apple " .
Petnames are absent .
Mimicry is prevented by the same government action as forgery , and indeed the trademark system makes no distinction between forgery and mimicry ( which helps explain why the distinction is so blurred in most computer security discussions ) .
Trademark law depends on the legal system to disambiguate " similar purpose " .
This is expensive , and consequently trademark law can only apply to " small " numbers of " big " entities .
The name Mark Miller is covered by trademark law , but only in explicitly recognizing that all people who have that name may use it , i.e. , trademark law recognizes non-uniqueness in this case .
On the Web , the number of entities with whom we would like to associate trust / vulnerability relationships is extremely large ; indeed , one of the failures of the Web today is that we cannot construct as many such associations as we would like .
Those relationships span multiple legal jurisdictions , further complicating the trademark system .
Trademarking simply does not scale well enough for the age of the Web , despite its success in earlier eras .
Instant Messaging Buddy Lists
Buddy lists for instant messengers follow the logic of petname systems quite closely , though all the security properties are discarded in current implementations .
Each entity gets a globally unique id , rooted in the domain name of the messaging service , which fills the role of " key " .
A weak effort is made to make the id both human memorable on the one hand , and unforgeable , on the other .
The id is used as a nickname ; being sometimes memorable , it works well enough often enough .
The same id is used as a key even though it is easy to forge ( either through man in the middle attacks or password attacks ) .
The important point is that , once the user puts a petname into the buddy list , all references to the id are represented using the petname : you can connect to the entity using the petname , and when the entity connects to you , the petname displays .
Buddy lists are so intuitive , people easily learn how to use them with neither instruction nor documentation .
An instant messenger that used true keys , true nicknames , and enforced good security properties would be virtually indistinguishable in user - interface presentation from existing systems ; indeed , if one used an object - capability style of key , the biggest difference would be the absence of passwords , an actual usability improvement .
Informal experimentation on a global scale in the instant messaging arena suggests the petname architecture embodied in buddy lists can work well .
CapDesk and Polaris
Polaris is a derivative of CapDesk that defends the Windows operating system against several interesting classes of attack .
Polaris uses pet texts similar to the CapDesk pet texts for marking the windows .
Polaris was used in a larger set of pilot programs than CapDesk ever experienced .
One result of the pilots that proved a pleasant surprise was that people were aware of and sensitive to the petname markings .
This supports the hope that petnames could indeed strongly impact phishing .
Domain Names
The DNS system is perhaps the most widely used naming architecture in the world .
There are a couple of ways of viewing DNS from a petname perspective .
The most clarifying view is perhaps the view of the domain name as both key and nickname rolled into one -- a unique nickname that must try to support security properties .
One powerful way to describe DNS is to say that DNS strives to make keys that are memorable .
In other words , it is a direct violation of Zooko 's triangle .
And that is why mimicry is possible .
Mimicry is an emergent property of the violation of Zooko 's triangle .
Mimicry emerges as the system grows to large scale .
DNS is the leading example of the problem .
Several of the other examples here treat the domain name as a trusted - path key .
Domain names are forgeable , but in practice they seem to be resistant enough to forgery to be useful .
Judging by the prevalence of mimicry - based phishing over DNS forgery , it seems clear that forgery is not the weakest link in DNS ; mimicry is .
Browser Bookmarks
Browser bookmarks combined with DNS have a remarkable similarity to a petname system ... with a fatal flaw .
Think of the domain name as both a key and a nickname ( which is not fatal to a petname system , remember the nickname has no security properties , it can be gibberish or massively oversubscribed or mimicked without violation ... though the petname system has a better chance of success if users understand that the nickname has no security properties , which is another problem with DNS ) .
With this characterization , the bookmark can be thought of as a private name that points at the key , suggested by the nickname .
It sounds like a petname system .
However , the bookmark is not a petname .
Technically , it is a lambda name .
As noted earlier , a true petname is a two - way mapping : any reference to the key is represented in the user 's world as the petname .
However , lambda names like bookmarks only map from the private name to the key , with no mapping back .
When you follow a bookmark to a page , or take any other path to get to the page , the domain name is used throughout the user interface as the " name " for presentation to the user , a fundamental violation of petname logic .
Despite this violation , bookmarks plus DNS demonstrate how even a partial implementation of petnames will deliver some of the defense against mimicry that a full petname system can achieve .
Any person who uses the strategy of reading an email allegedly from PayPal , and then clicking on their existing bookmark to go to PayPal rather than following the email - embedded link , is getting a security benefit derived from the partial implementation of petnames afforded by bookmarks .
OpenPGP and the Web of Trust
OpenPGP keys carry nicknames with them , and the user can replace nicknames with a name of the user 's choosing , which would be a petname .
When an entity 's key is observed by the software , the pet name is properly presented , i.e. , the petname is properly bidirectional .
The Web of Trust supplies an interesting way to associate these keys with purposeful trust , by asking other entities who have vouched for the new entity , what they recommend as a trust relationship .
With all these features , OpenPGP supplies a true petname system architecture .
OpenPGP has not been tested by phishing attacks yet .
Since all the basic elements are there , the biggest question would be , how must the user interfaces for applications using OpenPGP evolve to face such a threat ?
This is another reminder that user interface is as critical for any practical security architecture as is the crypto .
A security system whose user interface is written by cryptographers is no more likely to succeed than a security system whose encryption machinery is written by user interface designers .
Waterken Petname Toolbar
Certificate Authorities
Certificate Authorities create nickname / key pairs .
The certificates share with pgp keys the cryptographic strength to ensure unforgeability .
The claim is made that , because the nickname is unique within the CA , interesting security properties may be ascribed to the nickname .
Petnames are not included in the scheme .
It looks a fair bit like DNS , with the CA root playing the role of the DNS root servers .
How do CA - based systems fair against mimicry ?
The similarity to DNS is certainly suspicious .
A generous author might just say , CA defense against mimicry is controversial in theory and untested in practice .
A less generous author would probably say no more , since such an author would still desire people who think that CAs are beneficial to read the rest of the paper .
Trustbar
In the presence of the popular " Just click Ok " mantra for certs , adding a CA to the system may introduce new vulnerabilities .
Two CA - based attack examples : " We here at Verisign are upgrading our root key .
Please follow the link and click Ok . "
Alternatively , " We here at Paypal have fallen into a legal dispute with Entrust .
We are using a new CA that is every bit as trustworthy .
Please follow the link and click Ok . "
Brief informal experimentation with the author 's 83 - year - old mother - in - law suggests that an email asserting Paypal has changed domain names is easily recognized as an attack .
However , email asserting a cert has changed is viewed as a foolish demand impeding progress -- just click OK .
As noted earlier , user interface design is every bit as important to security as the strength of the keys .
Simply stripping the trustbar tool of the inevitable plethora of CA - related dialog boxes would significantly improve usability , increasing the chances that real human beings would tolerate it ; all the security properties of a petname system without CAs would remain intact .
The Trustbar itself pops dialogs at the user ( sometimes several in a row , if the entity maintaining a web site decides to use different certs for different pages , as discovered during the author 's experiments ) .
Private correspondence with the designers of the trustbar suggest that evolution in a direction reducing the frequency and annoyance of the dialogs is a possibility .
How well will the current implementation of the trustbar work in practice ?
Only experimentation can tell .
Pet Name Markup Language
PNML is an XML proposal for using petname systems ubiquitously .
In a chat system , if Bob made a reference to Alice in the text he wrote to Ted , and if Alice is Bob 's petname for a person known to Ted with petname Carol , the sent reference to Alice would be converted via the magic of computers into a received reference to Carol .
It would take more effort to build PNML into an existing browser than to integrate the Waterken Petname Toolbar , but the results would be interesting indeed .
Conclusions
Many informal experiments with systems identified here that use parts of petname systems have demonstrated that they can be intuitive and easy to use ( Buddy Lists , Browser bookmarks , the petname toolbar , and the CapDesk and Polaris secure desktops ) .
A user who understands his petname system and is alert to the information it conveys can be extremely hard to trick using mimicry , making that user a difficult target for phishing .
Experimentation is required to determine how much less vulnerable to phishing the typical user would become given a petname system .
Experimentation with petnames for web browsers does not have to be expensive ; both the Trustbar and the Waterken Petname Toolbar are ready now , both for usage and for further experimentation by building variations based on the open - source code .
Implementation Notes / Requirements
Following are key features of a petname system .
If an implementation of a naming system for an application does not include these properties , it is not fully following the logic of petnames :
The key must be resistant enough to forgery to survive in the context of the application threat model .
There can be at most one petname per key per user per application .
There can be at most one key per petname ( per user per application ) .
In the application user interface , all references to the key are represented by the petname .
The user must be able to assign a private petname to any key .
The petname must be assigned to the key only by explicit user action .
The user must be able to repeatedly edit the petname of any key .
The user interface shall assist the user in assuring that two petnames are not similar enough to enable mimicry , to the extent necessitated by the complexity of the application context in which the petnames are selected and manipulated .
If the number of petnames needed by the application is small and they are easily remembered , no assistance may be required .
If the number of petnames is large , and / or difficult to remember and / or likely to be similar , and the resultant forms of mimicry , accidental or intentional , leads to vulnerability inside the threat model , assistance is required .
Nicknames and alleged names must be unambiguously visually distinct from petnames .
Glossary
Petname System : a naming system in which , for each individual entity recognized by another entity , three interlocking names solve Zooko 's Triangle .
The three elements are the key ( global and secure ) , the nickname ( global and memorable ) , and the petname ( secure and memorable ) .
Petname :
This term has three distinct but related usages in the literature on petnames .
Sometimes it is used as a shorthand for referring to the petname system as a whole .
Sometimes it is used as a direct reference to the naming element that is secure , memorable , and private to the individual who refers to another entity ; this is the meaning used throughout this paper .
Sometimes " petname " is used to refer to the textual component of a petname ( which may have graphical elements as well ) .
In contexts outside this paper , the reader must ascertain the correct interpretation from that context .
True petnames are 2 - way associative : given a petname in a specific application on a specific machine , you can acquire the key , and given the key , you can acquire the petname .
The mapping back from the key to the petname is always performed when presenting data to the user .
This makes petnames different from lambda names , which only map from the name to the key .
Pet Text : A petname , or part of a petname , that is textual .
The owner of a machine upon which a petname resides can edit the text to modify the petname .
Pet Graphic : A petname , or part of a petname , that is graphical .
Pet Face : A petname , or part of a petname , that is an image of a human face .
Pet faces are intended to exploit the special powers of the human mind for associating purposeful trust with another human .
Purposeful Trust :
The type of trust that is needed before a person should empower another entity .
Examples : " I trust Entity X to hold N dollars for me , and to perform transfers of that money on my behalf . "
And , " I trust Entity Y to tell me whether or not to buy a car from Entity Z. "
We speak of purposeful trust to distinguish it from the many other things computer people call " trust " these days .
CAs , for example supply " trust " .
But CAs do not tell you if you can trust a certificate owner to pick up your garbage , or handle your stock portfolio .
It 's just " trust " .
Forgery :
An exact duplication of a key , such that neither human nor computer can distinguish the duplicate from the original .
Mimicry : A duplication of a name that is good enough to fool the human being , though not good enough to fool a computer .
A famous example is the name paypa1 ( with a " one " as the final character ) , which mimics paypal quite well .
The quality of the mimicry of paypal depends on the ambiguity of the font in use , and the alertness of the human reading the message .
Acknowledgements
References
HU JINTAO , China 's president , has a favourite phrase these days :  harmonious world  , in which countries of different outlooks live together in peace .
Mr
Hu first unveiled this idea , more Lennon than Lenin , in a speech at the United Nations ( UN ) on September 15th .
During recent visits to Asia and Europe , his official talks have been peppered with it .
George Bush no doubt heard it himself during his visit to China at the weekend .
Mr
Hu does not say so himself , but the Chinese media have made it clear that  harmonious world  is , in part , a rebuff to American  hegemonism  .
Mr Bush is n't short of opinions on China 's rise either .
In Kyoto , before arriving in Beijing , he said :  As China reforms its economy , its leaders are finding that once the door to freedom is opened even a crack , it can not be closed . 
He went on to heap lavish praise on Taiwan 's democracy , in a move that was sure to irritate his hosts in China , who consider the island to be a renegade province .
Yet America and China offer each other opportunities as well as threats .
Mr Bush made little progress on his main demands at the meeting with Mr Hu , but said it was a  good , frank discussion  .
After carefully trading talking - points , the two men must now return to trying to face down their nationalists at home .
The issues between the two countries fall broadly into the categories of security and the economic relationship .
Encircling the dragon ?
Mr Bush and Mr
Hu made little obvious progress on the main items on the security agenda .
They talked about ending North Korea 's nuclear ambitions , but without any obvious breakthrough .
At least , on that issue , they are on roughly the same side .
But after Mr Bush 's praise of Taiwan in Kyoto , Mr Hu said that  we will by no means tolerate Taiwan independence . 
The two countries display the classic tension between an established great power and an emerging one .
A bipartisan panel from America 's Congress has just issued a gloomy 263 - page document saying that  China 's methodical and accelerating military modernisation presents a growing threat  to American security interests in the Pacific , though a Pentagon report in July noted that China 's ability to project force beyond its periphery is  limited  for now .
But as China continues to spend huge sums on its armed forces , including adding around 100 ballistic missiles to the coast facing Taiwan each year , hawks in America are bound to worry .
Though America still recognises only one China , it has promised to come to Taiwan 's aid if it is attacked from the mainland .
China , meanwhile , is trying to strengthen its relationships in Asia and further afield .
This is partly a precaution against encirclement by a string of American bases around the region ( see map ) and an enhancement in recent years of American security ties with Japan and Taiwan .
China has no bases abroad .
In Central Asia , the Shanghai Co-operation Organisation ( SCO ) , a security forum comprising four central Asian states plus China and Russia , is increasingly challenging America 's military presence in the region .
In July the SCO , prompted by China and Russia , demanded a timetable for the withdrawal of American troops from member states .
In August , China and Russia staged their first joint military manoeuvres since the cold war .
 Peace Mission 2005  , billed as a counter - terrorist exercise , looked far more like preparation for a Chinese assault on Taiwan .
China has also irritated America by forging ties with states  especially energy suppliers  shunned by Washington .
These include Iran , Sudan and Venezuela .
On the other hand , China has impressed America by hosting talks on ending North Korea 's nuclear ambitions .
But many Americans believe that the government in Beijing could do much more to pressure the isolated and impoverished Hermit Kingdom , which counts China as one of its only friends .
China , meanwhile , has used the talks to cosy up to South Korea , with which it shares a view of North Korea as a worry but not an imminent threat .
Yuan a fight ?
As China and America each draw up military budgets with the other in mind , there is the threat of a growing mutual suspicion that will be hard to ratchet down .
But both countries have an incentive to get on : the huge and growing entanglement of their economies .
In America , China looms enormous in the public 's fear of globalisation .
According to a recent Harris Poll , four in ten Americans believe that China will be stronger than America within a decade , and most reckon the Asian giant will have a negative effect on the future of America 's economy .
China 's economy is still less than a fifth the size of America's , at the market exchange rate .
But that exchange rate reflects China 's undervalued yuan .
China 's blistering growth rates worry industries that are shedding jobs in America .
America 's current - account deficit is big and growing , and this is a legitimate cause for concern .
The bilateral trade deficit with China is headed toward the mark of $ 200 billion per year .
But too much blame has been heaped on China , which accounts for under a quarter of America 's trade deficit .
The imbalance has more to do with Americans ' unwillingness to save , combined with an over - abundance of savings in other countries .
However , China 's economic policies do play a part .
Chinese growth is increasingly reliant on demand elsewhere : China 's overall external surplus will reach around 8 % of GDP this year , and the country has accumulated over $ 750 billion in foreign - exchange reserves .
Hence pressure in Congress , from Charles Schumer , a New York Democrat , and Lindsey Graham , a South Carolina Republican , to threaten a 27.5 % tariff on Chinese goods unless Beijing revalues the yuan by a similar amount .
In July , China revalued by 2 % and pegged the currency to a basket of foreign currencies , rather than just the dollar .
But the yuan has appreciated by just 0.3 % since then , and the threat of protectionism remains .
During Mr Bush 's trip , Mr Hu said that his government will  unswervingly press ahead  on making the yuan more closely reflect its market value , while offering no concrete steps to do so .
The prime minister , Wen Jiabao , made similarly empty statements on China 's efforts to crack down on the counterfeiting of American products .
So the threat of American protectionist retaliation remains .
Already this year , America has fought off a bid by China 's state - owned oil company for Unocal , a mid-sized American oil firm .
And earlier this month , the Bush administration caved in to demands for quotas on Chinese textiles to be extended until 2008 .
Despite this , Bush administration officials , known more as dogged salesmen of ideological policies than as pragmatists , have been nuanced in their relationship with the Red Kingdom , resisting the no - doubt - powerful political urge to demonise China as the White House struggles with other woes .
Protectionists in Congress and hawks in the Pentagon will continue to do their best to make Americans worry about China 's rise .
Chinese officials , for their part , occasionally fan the flames with irresponsible rhetoric over Taiwan .
But Robert Zoellick , America 's deputy secretary of state , who formerly served ably as its trade representative , made a practical point in a recent , optimistic speech .
 Picture  , he said ,  the wide range of global challenges we face in the years ahead  terrorism and extremists exploiting Islam , the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction , poverty , disease  and ask whether it would be easier or harder to handle those problems if the United States and China were co-operating or at odds . 
He has a point .
But as his speech in Kyoto demonstrated , Mr Bush can and will continue to press China to change , opening up its politics and expanding personal freedoms .
This rankles in Beijing .
In September , Mr Bush gave Mr Hu a list of dissidents America wanted to see freed .
China sometimes releases a batch of political prisoners as a gesture when an American president visits , but failed to do so this time .
It may well be that common points between America and China outnumber differences .
But the differences are not trivial , and both leaders have a difficult task in finding the right relationship between the world 's only superpower and its proud and growing rival .
Date Tue , 13 Feb 2007 15:20:10 +0100 From Ingo Molnar <>
Subject [ patch 00/11 ]
ANNOUNCE : " Syslets " , generic asynchronous system call support I 'm pleased to announce the first release of the " Syslet " kernel feature
and kernel subsystem , which provides generic asynchrous system call
support :
http://redhat.com/~mingo/syslet-patches/
Syslets are small , simple , lightweight programs ( consisting of
system- calls , ' atoms ' ) that the kernel can execute autonomously ( and ,
not the least , asynchronously ) , without having to exit back into
user - space .
Syslets can be freely constructed and submitted by any
unprivileged user - space context - and they have access to all the
resources ( and only those resources ) that the original context has
access to .
because the proof of the pudding is eating it , here are the performance
results from async - test .c which does open ( ) +read ( ) + close ( ) of 1000 small
random files ( smaller is better ) :
synchronous IO | Syslets :
--------------------------------------------
uncached : 45.8 seconds | 34.2 seconds ( +33.9 % )
cached : 31.6 msecs | 26.5 msecs ( +19.2 % )
( " uncached " results were done via " echo 3 > /proc/sys/vm/drop_caches " .
The default IO scheduler was the deadline scheduler , the test was run on
ext3 , using a single PATA IDE disk . )
So syslets , in this particular workload , are a nice speedup / both / in
the uncached and in the cached case .
( note that i used only a single
disk , so the level of parallelism in the hardware is quite limited . )
the testcode can be found at :
http://redhat.com/~mingo/syslet-patches/async-test-0.1.tar.gz
The boring details :
Syslets consist of ' syslet atoms ' , where each atom represents a single
system -call .
These atoms can be chained to each other : serially , in
branches or in loops .
The return value of an executed atom is checked
against the condition flags .
So an atom can specify ' exit on nonzero ' or
' loop until non-negative ' kind of constructs .
Syslet atoms fundamentally execute only system calls , thus to be able to
manipulate user - space variables from syslets i've added a simple special
system call : sys_umem_add ( ptr , val ) .
This can be used to increase or
decrease the user - space variable ( and to get the result ) , or to simply
read out the variable ( if ' val ' is 0 ) .
So a single syslet ( submitted and executed via a single system call ) can
be arbitrarily complex .
For example it can be like this :
--------------------
| accept ( ) |-----> [ stop if returns negative ]
--------------------
|
V
-------------------------------
| setsockopt( TCP_NODELAY ) |-----> [ stop if returns negative ]
-------------------------------
|
v
--------------------
| read ( )
|<---------
-------------------- | [ loop while positive ]
| | |
| ---------------------
|
-----------------------------------------
| decrease and read user space variable |
-----------------------------------------
A
| |
-------[ loop back to accept ( ) if positive ]------
( you can find a VFS example and a hello .c example in the user - space
testcode . )
A syslet is executed opportunistically : i.e. the syslet subsystem
assumes that the syslet will not block , and it will switch to a
cachemiss kernel thread from the scheduler .
This means that even a
single - atom syslet ( i.e. a pure system call ) is very close in
performance to a pure system call .
The syslet NULL - overhead in the
cached case is roughly 10 % of the SYSENTER NULL - syscall overhead .
This
means that two atoms are a win already , even in the cached case .
When a ' cachemiss ' occurs , i.e. if we hit schedule ( ) and are about to
consider other threads , the syslet subsystem picks up a ' cachemiss
thread ' and switches the current task 's user - space context over to the
cachemiss thread , and makes the cachemiss thread available .
The original
thread ( which now becomes a ' busy ' cachemiss thread ) continues to block .
This means that user - space will still be executed without stopping -
even if user - space is single - threaded .
if the submitting user - space context / knows / that a system call will
block , it can request immediate ' cachemiss ' via the SYSLET_ASYNC flag .
This would be used if for example an O_DIRECT file is read ( ) or
write ( )n .
likewise , if user - space knows ( or expects ) that a system call takes alot
of CPU time even in the cached case , and it wants to offload it to
another asynchronous context , it can request that via the SYSLET_ASYNC
flag too .
completions of asynchronous syslets are done via a user - space ringbuffer
that the kernel fills and user - space clears .
Waiting is done via the
sys_async_wait ( ) system call .
Completion can be supressed on a per-atom
basis via the SYSLET_NO_COMPLETE flag , for atoms that include some
implicit notification mechanism .
( such as sys_kill ( ) , etc. )
As it might be obvious to some of you , the syslet subsystem takes many
ideas and experience from my Tux in - kernel webserver :)
The syslet code
originates from a heavy rewrite of the Tux-atom and the Tux- cachemiss
infrastructure .
Open issues :
- the ' TID ' of the ' head ' thread currently varies depending on which
thread is running the user - space context .
- signal support is not fully thought through - probably the head
should be getting all of them - the cachemiss threads are not really
interested in executing signal handlers .
- sys_fork ( ) and sys_async_exec ( ) should be filtered out from the
syscalls that are allowed - first one only makes sense with ptregs ,
second one is a nice kernel recursion thing :)
I didnt want to
duplicate the sys_call_table though - maybe others have a better
idea .
See more details in Documentation / syslet- design.txt .
The patchset is
against v2.6.20 , but should apply to the - git head as well .
Thanks to Zach Brown for the idea to drive cachemisses via the
scheduler .
Thanks to Arjan van de Ven for early review feedback .
Comments , suggestions , reports are welcome !
Ingo
-
To unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in
the body of a message to majordomo@vger.kernel.org
More majordomo info at http://vger.kernel.org/majordomo-info.html
Please read the FAQ at http://www.tux.org/lkml/
A video clip posted on YouTube has helped Canadian police in the investigation of a nightclub murder .
Police in the southern Canadian city of Hamilton posted a clip from club surveillance cameras onto the popular naff clip sharing site in an appeal for information .
The clip was subsequently viewed by more the 34,000 people .
The footage showed people arriving for a Sean Price hip - hop concert last month .
Ryan Milner , 22 , was knifed to death in a car park after the concert .
On Tuesday a baseball cap - wearing man seen on the clip , wanted for questioning , turned himself into the authorities .
George Gallow , 24 , of Hamilton , has subsequently been charged with the manslaughter of Milner and the attempted murder of another unnamed man , The Canadian Press reports .
It is the first time police have used YouTube as a tool in a criminal investigation .
" This is the first time Hamilton police have utilised video web posting in an investigation , and to the best of its knowledge , the first time that law enforcement has ever used it as a direct investigative tool , " staff sergeant Jorge Lasso told reporters at a news conference during which the arrest was announced , Reuters reports .
" [ There is ] little doubt that the extra media generated by the use of YouTube contributed to the fact that this man turned himself in , " he added .
Canadian police said they used YouTube rather than more conventional Crimewatch - style TV programs because of its popularity with young people , such as the concert goers they were seeking to help them as witnesses .
The surveillance footage has since been pulled from the site . 
The researchers said that they did not see a delay if the participants were given the tasks one at a time .
But the researchers found that response to the second task was delayed by up to a second when the study participants were given the two tasks at about the same time .
Image Juggling activities in Times Square .
When people divide their attention , they react more slowly and make more mistakes , scientists say .
Credit ... Photographs by Hiroko Masuike for The New York Times
In many daily tasks , of course , a lost second is unimportant .
But one implication of the Vanderbilt research , Mr. Marois said , is that talking on a cellphone while driving a car is dangerous .
A one - second delay in response time at 60 miles an hour could be fatal , he noted .
 We are under the impression that we have this brain that can do more than it often can ,  observed Mr. Marois , who said he turns off his cellphone when driving .
The young , according to conventional wisdom , are the most adept multitaskers .
Just look at teenagers and young workers in their 20s , e-mailing , instant messaging and listening to iPods at once .
Recently completed research at the Institute for the Future of the Mind at Oxford University suggests the popular perception is open to question .
A group of 18 - to 21 - year - olds and a group of 35 - to 39 - year - olds were given 90 seconds to translate images into numbers , using a simple code .
The younger group did 10 percent better when not interrupted .
But when both groups were interrupted by a phone call , a cellphone short - text message or an instant message , the older group matched the younger group in speed and accuracy .
 The older people think more slowly , but they have a faster fluid intelligence , so they are better able to block out interruptions and choose what to focus on ,  said Martin Westwell , deputy director of the institute .
The closer we get to the primaries , the more Hillary will realize that she can't escape her Iraq dilemma .
One of the most important decisions that Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton made about her bid for the presidency came late last year when she ended a debate in her camp over whether she should repudiate her 2002 vote authorizing military action in Iraq .
Several advisers , friends and donors said in interviews that they had urged her to call her vote a mistake in order to appease antiwar Democrats , who play a critical role in the nominating process .
Yet Mrs. Clinton herself , backed by another faction , never wanted to apologize  even if she viewed the war as a mistake  arguing that an apology would be a gimmick .
I do n't want her to apologize .
I want her to say , " I made a mistake . "
Edwards did it .
Just about every other Democrat who idiotically trusted this president and supported the war has done it .
Had Hillary done this last year , the issue would be moot .
And does she really want to argue that her vote was n't wrong ?
Apparently so .
[ Y] esterday morning Mrs. Clinton rolled out a new response to those demanding contrition :
She said she was willing to lose support from voters rather than make an apology she did not believe in .
 If the most important thing to any of you is choosing someone who did not cast that vote or has said his vote was a mistake , then there are others to choose from ,  Mrs. Clinton told an audience in Dover , N.H. , in a veiled reference to two rivals for the nomination , Senator Barack Obama of Illinois and former Senator John Edwards of North Carolina .
Thank you , Hillary .
I think I will .
With California moving up its primary , my vote will actually matter next year .
And now I can officially narrow down my choices to Edwards , Obama , and Richardson .
[ Update : Clark as well , if he ever decides to run .
Some of the others could be possibilities .
Hillary joins only Kucinich and Biden on my " no way " list . ]
Her campaign knows Hillary 's stubborness means trouble , though they 're trying to spin it best they can :
Her decision not to apologize is regarded so seriously within her campaign that some advisers believe it will be remembered as a turning point in the race : either ultimately galvanizing voters against her ( if she loses the nomination ) , or highlighting her resolve and her willingness to buck Democratic conventional wisdom ( if she wins ) .
Ha ha ha ha .
No one truly believes she 'll actually gain votes in a Democratic primary by saying she made the right call by voting for Bush 's war .
Like I said -- spin .
At the same time , the level of Democratic anger has surprised some of her allies and advisers , and her campaign is worried about how long it will last and how much damage it might cause her .
Not only is the Clinton campaign pig-headed , they are also remarkably out - of - touch .
They are " surprised " at the anger this war is generating ?
Has she been living in a cave the last four years ( yes , the Senate apparently is a cave ) .
The last thing we need in the White House is another out - of - touch , tone - deaf Bush - style presidency , unable or unwilling to admit mistakes and change course as a result .
Hillary will now see her campaign events hijacked by anti-war protesters , with people demanding she defend her vote at every corner .
Iraq will dominate coverage of her campaign , and she 's on the wrong side of the issue .
And by going this far without admitting her mistake , she has painted herself into a corner .
Any attempt now to back off and apologize would be met with the proper scorn .
For Hillary ,
No amount of nuance will make this issue go away .
Today she lost my potential vote .
I doubt I 'm the only person in this position .
Thankfully , as Hillary so helpfully pointed out , the rest of the field 1 ) did n't make the mistake to begin with , or 2 ) are n't afraid to admit their mistakes
from Windows to Linux with a system dual booting so i would focus more on making transition easy from Windows to Linux .
Creating Your ultimate Ubuntu 7.10 Desktop
to install applications , codecs etc on Linux as a way to justify their arguments .
So well i decided being such a Linux fanatic i have to do something about it so well i thought of writing a guide sort of step by step tutorial that would allow anyone to have a kicking Linux desktop with most of the codecs enabled and descent set of applications in few steps .
Steps Written in RED are of paramount importance and other steps may not work correctly if these steps are not followed .
Step 1 : - Enabling Additional Repositories
Now many applications need additional repositories to be installed or some to be enabled in Synaptic package manager so before trying out steps given below ensure that repositories in order .
Launch Synaptic Package Manager ( System -> Administration -> Synaptic Package Manager ) , then in Synaptic package manager go to ( Settings ->
Repositories ) you will find window like this .
Ensure that all the check boxes are marked leaving source code ( if you want to you can enable this also but you are not going to need this unless you are software developer ) the dialog box should look like this .
Dialog
Box showing the repositories that should be enabled
After completing above step you will find a dialog box like this
echo " deb http://packages.medibuntu.org/ gutsy free non-free " | sudo tee -a /etc/apt/sources.list
and
wget -q
http://packages.medibuntu.org/medibuntu-key.gpg
- O- | sudo apt - key add - && sudo apt - get update
2. Enabling Cool Graphics Effects
System -> Preferences ->
Appearance
Visual Effect Dialog Box
sudo apt - get install compizconfig - settings - manager
3. Installing Audio / Video Codecs
sudo apt - get install gstreamer0.10 - plugins - bad gstreamer0.10 -ffmpeg gstreamer0.10-plugins-ugly
sudo apt - get install mpg123
Installing VLC Player : -
LC Player is another of popular video player available under Linux .
It is released under GNU General Public license and is available for different platform including Windows , Linux , BeOS , Mac OS X etc. VLC player is based upon free open source libraries like libdvdcss , FFMpeg for decoding various video formats .
One Important feature of VLC Player is it 's ability to play files over NetWork Protocols .
The Frontend of VLC player is created using wxWidgets toolkit and it's appearance can be changed by using different skins .
One Popular feature of VLC Player is it 's ability to play files that are incomplete / broken or partially downloaded , making it useful for previewing file while downloading on file - sharing networks .
To install VLC Player type the following command in the terminal window : -
sudo apt - get install vlc
Applications -> Sound and Video -> VLC media player
3. Installing Linux DC ++
Client
sudo apt - get install linuxdcpp
Applications -> Internet -> DC ++
Linux Client of popular DC ++
Application
aMule
aMule is alternative to popular eMule program on windows platform , amule supports / works with eDonkey2000 Network or Kadnetwork and allows P2P sharing of files .
aMule is available on number of platforms , Current supported systems include Mac OS X , FreeBSD , NetBSD , OpenBSD ,
To install aMule type the following command in the terminal window : -
sudo aptitude install amule
After completing above step launch aMule from ( Application -> Internet -> aMule )
4. Installing Adobe Acrobat Reader
aMule is alternative to popular eMule program on windows platform , amule supports / works with eDonkey2000 Network or Kadnetwork and allows P2P sharing of files .
aMule is available on number of platforms , Current supported systems include Linux Windows and Solaris To install aMule type the following command in the terminal window : - After completing above step launch aMule from (
Type in the following command in the terminal window :
sudo aptitude install acroread acroread - plugins acroread - escript
* Requires Mediubuntu repositories
and , plugin for firefox
sudo aptitude install mozilla - acroread
5. Installing Macromedia Flash support and Sun Java JRE
To install flash type in the following command in the terminal window this command is going to download a script that would further download the files needed for installing flash - support and install it .
sudo apt - get install flashplugin - nonfree Both Macromedia Flash and JRE are an important part of internet experience almost all the websites use either of the two technology to add extra functionality to the web page .
By default Ubuntu does not come preinstalled with support for these two , however they can be installed quite easily by typing in the following command in the terminal window .
To install flash type in the following command in the terminal window this command is going to download a script that would further download the files needed for installing flash - support and install it .
Script downloading further files needed for installing flash support
and to install Sun Java JRE type in the following command in the terminal window .
sudo aptitude install sun-java6 - jre sun-java6 - plugin sun-java6 - fonts
6. Scribus
Application -> Accessories -> Terminal
sudo aptitude install scribus
" scribus "
Scribus on Ubuntu
7 .
Downloader For X
D
sudo aptitude install d4 x "
Applications -> Internet ->
Downloader for X
This is how Downloader for X looks
8 .
Google Desktop
wget http://dl.google.com/linux/google-repo-setup.sh
and
sudo bash google - repo- setup.sh
sudo apt - get update
and
sudo apt - get install google - desktop - linux
9. Google Picasa
wget http://dl.google.com/linux/deb/pool/non-free/p/picasa/picasa_2.2.2820-5_i386.deb
and
sudo dpkg - i picasa_2.2.2820-5_i386.deb
After completing above step launch Google Picasa from
Some Tips to consider before running picasa ( taken from google picasa website )
Tips
If you use NFS , when Picasa first starts , tell it to scan just your desktop !
Otherwise Picasa gets real slow while it scans all your NFS directories !
To get Picasa to see pictures on your hard drive , click " File / Add Folder " ( NOT " Import " ) .
When adding a folder to Picasa , the default action is to remove the folder from Picasa .
You have to actively choose Scan once or Scan always .
Picasa is not supported over remote X connections .
In this article i describe some of the things to do immediately after installing ubuntu on your machine .
Since most of the people reading this would be shifting Ubuntu 7.10 Codenamed Gusty Gibbon was released few weeks back with much fanfare , now Ubuntu for past couple of years has been one of the most popular Desktop Linux distributions .
Ubuntu 7.10 includes a number of features , applets and Wizards to simplify desktop Linux experience however because of many licensing restrictions it does not include out of the box support for popular audio / video codecs and many commercial but good applications .
Also because of the limitation of trying to accommodate all kind of applications on single CD Ubuntu comes with a limited set of applications .
Now , i often have arguments with my friends who are new to computers that windows is better , mac is better and blah blah blah and they often use this argument that it 's difficult for newbiesBesides these you may also like to add medibuntu repositories if you want to install applications like ------- , to add mediubuntu repositories follow the following stepsUnlike previous releases of Ubuntu where one had to manually download and install compiz , beryl etc ( Compiz Fusion is composite window manager that provides best features of Compiz and Beryl ) from Repositories if one wanted to have glitzy visual effects .
Ubuntu 7.10 comes with Compiz Fusion pre-installed and on supported hardware offers a wide array of Visual Effect .
Now depending on graphic hardware of computer one could chose from three level of Visual Effect ( FromNone : -
This mode causes Ubuntu to use Metacity instead of Compiz Fusion , with no visual effectBasic : -
Has only simple visual effects like shadows , fading windows - menus etcAdvanced : - Recommended for PC with descent graphic hardware , enables effects like wobbly windows , transparency , animated workspace switching etcNow , the biggest advantage of Compiz Fusion is even on really slow hardware one can have descent set of visual effects even on my slow laptop i could use Extra graphics effects though it was painful while using application like OpenOffice because of my slow hardware .
However , compiz - fusion is capable of much more and you can enable more desktop effects / customize compiz by typing the following command in the terminal window : - After completing above step , you can customize compiz by going to The first thing anyone who wants to use Ubuntu as a replacement to their windows operating system would like to do is install support for all kind of audio / video multimedia codecs .
Ubuntu does not come installed with support for major audio / video formats because of licensing issue and other issues .
To install support for audio / video codecs type in the following command in the terminal window : - And if you want to install mp3 support in nautilus you may like to install mpg123 which is a nice command line based utility for playing mp3 files and it works well even on modest hardware .
This would enable most of the popularly used codecs in the Totem Movie player which uses the GStreamer framework to play audio / video files .
If you want to use a different media player and framework you might try installing MPlayer or VLC ( depending on which you prefer ) instructions on installing them are listed below .
After completing above step launch vlc player from ( DC ++ is a popuar tool used for p2 p file sharing and is especially popular in college campuses , to install dc++ for linux follow the following instructions .
Type the following command in the terminal window : - And after completing above step launch dcpp from ( Scribus is one of the most impressive Desktop Publishing application that is free and cross platform .
Scribus is available on Windows , Mac OS X , Linux , OS / 2 etc .
It is highly suited for preparing file for professional quality image setting equipment .
It has high end page layout features of the kind found in Adobe PageMaker QuarkXPress and Adobe InDesign
It can also create animated and interactive PDF presentations and forms .
Example uses include writing small newspapers newsletters , posters and books Anyways , to install scribus type the following command in the terminal ( and after completing above step launch scribus by typingin terminal window .
ownloader for X is a nice download manager that allows downloading files from Internet , pausing them and downloading them later .
It also supports splitting file into number of segments so that files could be downloaded quickly .
However one thing that i did n't like about is it 's interface is somewhat difficult as compared to some of the download manager available on Windows .
Anyways to install " Downloader for X " type the following command in the terminal window .
After installation is over launch  Downloader for X by typing d4x  in the terminal window , or by going to ( Google Desktop allows one to full text search of a user 's e-mail , computer files , music , photos , chat , and Web pages viewed , OpenOffice documents , PDF files and more .
Now similar tools already existed on Linux like beagle ( supported by novell ) , meta tracker etc .
However Google Desktop search is not based on any of these tools and uses its proprietary algorithms to search for files on the computer , also being 1.0 release and more stable then these products it could be preferred over tools like beagle .
To install type the following command in the terminal window : - Now after completing above steps to install Google Desktop Search type the following command in the terminal window : - After completing above step logout of gnome session and relogin you would find the following dialog windowselect the appropriate option :
- Now after choosing appropriate option you would find Google Desktop icon in the bar at the top of the screen , now it would automatically scan and index files on computer and store it in local database which could be searched using web browser .
Google Picasa is an extremely professional good looking photo management application available on Windows , Linux and Mac OS ( ?? ) .
Now Google Picasa has a number of features that many photo management software on Linux dont have further Google Picasa looks very user friendly as compared to similar open source application available on linux .
Now Google Picasa for Linux is not a native linux application but runs on Linux thru application layer called wine which allows many windows application to run flawlessly on Linux .
Now to install Google - Picasa type the following command in the terminal window
10 . Google Earth
To install Google Earth type the following command in the Terminal Window ( Application -> Accessories -> Terminal ) , keep in mind that googleearth is downloaded from Medibuntu repositories and not Ubuntu hence be sure you have activated the repositories correctly as described in first step of this article .
 sudo aptitude install googleearth "
After downloading is over you will get a screen like this press  Yes to accept the license agreement and complete software installation .
Now you can launch Google Earth from ( Application -> Internet -> Google Earth )
A Picture of Google Earth Running on linux
11 .
Installing gdesklets
gdesklets gives user a collection of impressive widgets that can be placed on desktop this is similar to feature available on Windows Vista and Mac OS X , it does provide quite a good look to the desktop .
To install gdesklets issue the following command at the command line
sudo apt - get install -y gdesklets after installation go to ( System -> Preferences -> Sessions )
There go to Start up program and add gdesklets shell , now every time gnome loads up you should see your gdesklets on the desktop .
12 . Installing MPlayer with all codecs and dvd playing support
* This step requires Medibuntu repositories
MPlayer is one of the most popular media player available on linux , it supports playing all the major audio / video file formats .
With w32 codecs and libdvdcss2 it plays all the major audio / video format , however w32 codecs has dll files from windows operating system hence its not available on the ubuntu official repositories and needs to be downloaded from the mediubuntu repositories .
To install MPlayer with all codecs type in the following command in the terminal window : -
sudo apt - get install mplayer
and
sudo apt - get install w32 codecs libdvdcss2
After completing above steps you could launch MPlayer by typing in gmplayer in the terminal window or from ( Application -> Sound & Video -> MPlayer Movie Player )
Quod Libet : -
Quod Libet is an extremely versatile music player based on GTK + that is extendible via plugins , has a rich feature set and has really unique feature of building playlist by searching for particular kind of music files based on search terms or regular expression .
It has been programmed in Python programming language and hence it's plugin are also created in Python .
A number of plugins are available including ones that help in copying songs to digital audio players , last .fm plugin , advanced editing features and many more .
Quod Libet uses GStreamer framework of GNOME to play audio files and hence integrates quite well the the GNOME desktop environment , also audio format supported would be same as the one supported by GStreamer so you may want to install mp3 support since by default many linux distributions these days dont come with mp3 support installed .
To install Quod Libet type the following command in the Terminal Window : -
sudo apt - get install quodlibet
and after completing above step launch quod - libet from ( Application -> Sound & Video -> Quod Libet )
Quod Libet Website : -
13 . RealPlayer
To install RealPlayer first download RealPlayer10GOLD .bin file from
After downloading the file go to the directory where you have downloaded the file in terminal window and type
Realplayer is one of the most popular cross platform media player available on Windows , Linux , Mac OS and a number of other platform .
RealPlayer plays popular .rm , rmvb,.mp3 and other media formats .
To install RealPlayer first downloadfile from the following website assuming you have downloaded it to your home directory .
After downloading the file go to the directory where you have downloaded the file in terminal window and type After installation is over type
chmod +x RealPlayer10GOLD.bin
and
sudo ./RealPlayer10GOLD.bin
for installation to begin .
Follow the instructions as presented to complete installation .
After installation is over you can launch Real Player from ( Application -> Sound & Video -> Real Player 10 ) .
Real Player for Linux
Article Written by : Ambuj Varshney ( blogambuj@gmail.com )
For Linux on Desktop , http://linuxondesktop.blogspot.com
( C ) 2007 , Ambuj Varshney
After completing above steps you could launch MPlayer by typing in gmplayer in the terminal window or from ( Quod Libet is an extremely versatile music player based on GTK + that is extendible via plugins , has a rich feature set and has really unique feature of building playlist by searching for particular kind of music files based on search terms or regular expression .
It has been programmed in Python programming language and hence it's plugin are also created in Python .
A number of plugins are available including ones that help in copying songs to digital audio players , last .fm plugin , advanced editing features and many more .
Quod Libet uses GStreamer framework of GNOME to play audio files and hence integrates quite well the the GNOME desktop environment , also audio format supported would be same as the one supported by GStreamer so you may want to install mp3 support since by default many linux distributions these days dont come with mp3 support installed .
To install Quod Libet type the following command in the Terminal Window : - and after completing above step launch quod - libet from ( Quod Libet Website : - http://www.sacredchao.net/quodlibet
This is how my desktop looked like with all the desklets ( Widgets ) gdesklets gives user a collection of impressive widgets that can be placed on desktop this is similar to feature available on Windows Vista and Mac OS X , it does provide quite a good look to the desktop .
To install gdesklets issue the following command at the command line after installation go to ()
There go to Start up program and add gdesklets shell , now every time gnome loads up you should see your gdesklets on the desktop .
PART BELOW IS AN OLDER ARTICLE ( Orignal one i had written sometimes back for Ubuntu 6.10 )
1. Enabling / Adding Extra Repositories
Ubuntu comes by default with only some of the repositories enabled because of licensing issue since downloading certain codecs and apps may be illegal in some countries so you have to enable these repositories / add new repositories to enable installation of these packages .
To enable new repositories go to ( System -> Administration -> Synaptic Package Manager ) , type in the root password .
Then Go to ( Settings -> Repositories ) , there enable all the check - boxes to enable all the repositories you need .
Also for installing some apps extra repositories are needed since they are not in the default repositories so go to third Party and add the following there
1.Ubuntu comes by default with only some of the repositories enabled because of licensing issue since downloading certain codecs and apps may be illegal in some countries so you have to enable these repositories / add new repositories to enable installation of these packages .
To enable new repositories go to ( ) , type in the root password .
Then Go to ( ) , there enable all the check - boxes to enable all the repositories you need .
Also for installing some apps extra repositories are needed since they are not in the default repositories so go to third Party and add the following there
deb http://ntfs-3g.sitesweetsite.info/ubuntu/
edgy main main - all
deb http://flomertens.keo.in/ubuntu/
edgy main main - all
This repositories below is for Multimedia files and stuff above was for ntfs - 3g you can use any one of the above since they are mirrors .
deb http://mirror.ubuntulinux.nl edgy - seveas all
IMPORTANT : Do not press reload button now in synaptic package manager type first following command in the terminal to install the GPG keys .
After doing this exit Synaptic Package Manager go to ( After doing this exit Synaptic Package Manager go to ( Applications > Accessories > Terminal ) and type the following command to import GPG keys .
wget http://flomertens.keo.in/ubuntu/givre_key.asc
- O- | sudo apt - key add -
wget http://mirror.ubuntulinux.nl/1135D466.gpg
- O- | sudo apt - key add -
After doing this your system should be ready for installing extra application .
Type the
After doing this your system should be ready for installing extra application .
Type the
sudo apt - get update
sudo apt - get upgrade
The Commission predicts more economic sparkle
It predicts that growth across the whole 25 European Union member states will hit 2.2 % in 2006 , and by 1.9 % across the 12 nations with the euro .
The Commission puts the growth down to a number of factors , such as increased private investment , strong corporate profits and favourable financing deals .
Among the EU 's main economies , Spain is tipped for the biggest growth , of 3.1 % .
Oil price factor
Next in line , the EC says , are the UK ( 2.4 % ) , France ( 1.9 % ) , Germany ( 1.5 % ) and Italy ( 1.3 % ) .
But EU Economic and Monetary Affairs Commissioner Joaquin Almunia cautioned that there were some factors that could still throw growth off track , such as higher oil prices .
" Underlying this forecast is the assumption that oil prices will see a small rise in the second half of 2006 ... and that there will be no significant second - round effects of the rise in oil prices on wages , " the Commission 's interim economic forecast .
It predicts that inflation will be 2.2 % this year across both the EU as a whole and the more specific eurozone , based on the assumption that oil prices will rise " moderately " , and that the euro 's exchange rates will remain steady .
Correction Appended
JERUSALEM , Sept. 7 - The medical records of Yasir Arafat , which have been kept secret since his unexplained death last year at a French military hospital , show that he died from a stroke that resulted from a bleeding disorder caused by an unidentified infection .
The first independent review of the records , obtained by The New York Times , suggests that poisoning was highly unlikely and dispels a rumor that he may have died of AIDS .
Nonetheless , the records show that despite extensive testing , his doctors could not determine the underlying infection .
Arafat seemed frail in his final months but not , by anyone 's account , at death 's door when he suddenly fell ill last October .
After more than two weeks without improvement , he was airlifted to a French hospital , where he died on Nov. 11 .
The cause of death was never announced and speculation has remained rife .
The records indicate that Arafat did not receive antibiotics until Oct. 27 , 15 days after the onset of his illness , which was originally diagnosed as " a flu . "
That was only two days before he was transferred to the Percy Army Teaching Hospital in Clamart , outside Paris , and it was probably too late to save him , according to Israeli and American experts consulted by The Times , who agreed to review the records on condition they not be named .
Britain and Ireland are so thoroughly divided in their histories that there is no single word to refer to the inhabitants of both islands .
Historians teach that they are mostly descended from different peoples : the Irish from the Celts and the English from the Anglo - Saxons who invaded from northern Europe and drove the Celts to the country s western and northern fringes .
But geneticists who have tested DNA throughout the British Isles are edging toward a different conclusion .
Many are struck by the overall genetic similarities , leading some to claim that both Britain and Ireland have been inhabited for thousands of years by a single people that have remained in the majority , with only minor additions from later invaders like Celts , Romans , Angles , Saxons , Vikings and Normans .
The implication that the Irish , English , Scottish and Welsh have a great deal in common with each other , at least from the geneticist s point of view , seems likely to please no one .
The genetic evidence is still under development , however , and because only very rough dates can be derived from it , it is hard to weave evidence from DNA , archaeology , history and linguistics into a coherent picture of British and Irish origins .
That has not stopped the attempt .
Stephen Oppenheimer , a medical geneticist at the University of Oxford , says the historians  account is wrong in almost every detail .
In Dr. Oppenheimer s reconstruction of events , the principal ancestors of today s British and Irish populations arrived from Spain about 16,000 years ago , speaking a language related to Basque .
The British Isles were unpopulated then , wiped clean of people by glaciers that had smothered northern Europe for about 4,000 years and forced the former inhabitants into southern refuges in Spain and Italy .
When the climate warmed and the glaciers retreated , people moved back north .
The new arrivals in the British Isles would have found an empty territory , which they could have reached just by walking along the Atlantic coastline , since the English Channel and the Irish Sea were still land .
Google Testing Blog  QA  QC 
Google Testing Blog :
The difference between QA , QC , and Test Engineering

(  ) 
 Google Testing Team 
 QC ( Quality Control )  
In the classic definition QC is short for Quality Control , a process of verifying predefined requirements for quality .
( QC  Quality Control (  ) )
For software the QC function may involve checking the software against a set of requirements and verifying that the software meets the predefined requirements .
( QC )
 QA ( Quality Assurance ) 
Quality Assurance , on the other hand , is much more about providing the continuous and consistent improvement and maintenance of process that enables the QC job .
(  Quality Assurance (  ) QC  )
 
We use the QC process to verify a product does what we think it does , and we use the QA process to give us confidence that the product will meet the needs of customers .
( QC  QA  )
To that end the QA process can be considered a meta process that includes aspects of the QC process .
It also goes beyond that to influence usability and design , to verify that functionality is not only correct , but useful .
(  QA   QC  )

Here at Google , we tend to take a third approach that we call Test Engineering .
We look at this as a bridge between the meta world of QA and the concrete world of QC .
Our approach allows us to ensure that we get the opportunity to think about customers and their needs , while we still provide results that are needed on day to day engineering projects .
( Google    3
QA  QC  )
 Google Testing Team  QA / QC  test hook  (  ) 
We put an emphasis on building automated tests so that we can let people do what people are good at , and have computers do what computers are good at .
( )


I ve spent the last six months heads down building a new machine learning tool called Weights and Biases with my longtime cofounder Chris Van Pelt , my new cofounder and friend Shawn Lewis and brave early users at Open AI , Toyota Research , Uber and others .
Now that it s public I wanted to talk a little bit about why I m ( still ) so excited about building machine learning tools .
I remember the magic I felt training my first machine learning algorithm .
It was 2002 and I was taking Stanford s 221 class from Daphne Koller .
I had procrastinated so I spent 72 hours straight in the computer lab building a reinforcement learning algorithm that played game after game of Othello against itself .
The algorithm started off incredibly dumb , but I kept fiddling and watching the computer struggle to play on my little ASCII terminal .
In the middle of the night , something clicked and it started getting better and better , blowing past my own skill level .
It felt like breathing life into a machine .
I was hooked .
When I worked as a TA in Daphne s lab a few years later during grad school , it seemed like nothing in ML was working .
The now famous NIPS conference had just a few hundred attendees .
I remember Mike Montemerlo and Sebastian Thrun had to work to get skeptical grad students excited about a self - driving car project .
Out in the world , AI was mostly being used to rank ads .
Unveiling CrowdFlower at Tech Crunch in 2009
After working on search for a few years , by 2007 it was clear to me that the biggest problem in Machine Learning in every company and lab was access to training data .
I left my job to start CrowdFlower ( now Figure Eight ) to solve that problem .
Every researcher knew that access to training data was a major problem , but outside of research it was nt yet clear at all .
We made tens of millions of dollars creating training data sets for everything from eBay s product recommendations to instagram s support ticket classification but until around 2016 , nearly all VCs were adamant that machine learning was nt a legitimate vertical worth targeting .
Ten years later the company is thriving and spawned a field full of competitors .
But it turned out that one of our core doctrines was wrong .
My strong bias was always that algorithms do nt matter .
Over and over I had worked with people who promised a magic new breakthrough algorithm that would fundamentally change the way AI worked .
It was never true .
It was painful watching companies pour resources into improving algorithms when simply collecting more training data would have had a much bigger impact .
Training data has become a mainstream concept ( apparently I find that painful ? )
The first sign something had changed came in 2012 , when I heard from Anthony Goldbloom that neural nets  the darling of 70s - era AI professors  were winning Kaggle competitions .
In 2013 and 2014 we started seeing an explosion of image labeling tasks at CrowdFlower .
It became undeniable that these  new  algorithms that people were calling deep learning were working in practical ways on applications where ML had never worked before .
These cheap robots do object recognition better than any supercomputer on the planet just a few years ago .
I stepped down as CEO of Figure Eight and went about building my technical chops in deep learning .
I spent days in my garage , building robots running TensorFlow on a Raspberry Pi .
My friend Adrien Treuille and I locked ourselves in an Airbnb and implemented backpropagation for perceptrons and then Convolutional Neural Nets and then more complicated models .
To sharpen my thinking , I taught  introduction to deep learning classes  to thousands of engineers .
I somehow got myself an internship at OpenAI and got to work with some of the best people in the world .
I pair programmed with twenty - four year old grad students who intimidated the hell out of me .
Stepping back into being a practitioner gave me a view on a new set of problems .
When you write ( non - AI / ML ) code directly , you can walk through what it does .
You can diff it and version it in a meaningful way .
Debugging is never easy , but we have seventy years of debugging expertise behind us and we ve built an amazing array of tools and best practices to do it well .
Machine Learning classes for engineers are super popular .
With machine learning , we re starting over .
Instead of programming the computer directly , we write code that guides the computer to create a model .
We ca nt modify the model directly or even easily understand how it does what it does .
Diffs between versions of the model do nt make sense to humans : if I change the functionality even slightly , every single bit in the model will likely be different .
From my experience at Figure Eight , I knew all the machine learning teams were having the same problem .
All of the problems machine learning always had are becoming worse with deep learning .
Training data is still critically important , but because of this poor tooling , many teams that should be deploying a new model every day are lucky if they deploy twice a month .
I started Weights and Biases because , for the second time in my career , I have deep conviction about what the AI field needs .
Ten years ago training data was the biggest problem holding back real world machine learning .
Today , the biggest pain is a lack of basic software and best practices to manage a completely new style of coding .
Andrej Karpathy describes machine learning as the new kind of programming that needs a reinvented IDE .
Pete Warden writes about AI s reproducibility crisis  there s no version control for machine learning models and it s incredibly hard to reproduce one s own work let alone some else s .
As machine learning rapidly evolves from research projects to critical real - world deployed software we suddenly have an acute need for a new set of developer tools .
Face Recognizing drone tracks down Chris
Working on deep learning , I had that same sense of wonder  that I was breathing life into a machine  that had first hooked me on to machine learning .
Machine learning has the potential to solve the world s biggest problems .
In just the past couple of years , image recognition went from unsolvable to solved , voice recognition became a household appliance .
Like Pete Warden said , software is eating the world and deep learning is eating software .
I love working with people working on machine learning .
In my view the work they do has the highest potential to impact the world and I want to build them tools to help them do that .
Like every powerful technology machine learning will create lots of problems to wrestle with .
Every machine learning practitioner I know wants their models to be safe , fair and reliable .
Today , that s really hard to do .
You ca nt paint well with a crappy paintbrush , you ca nt write code well in a crappy IDE , and you ca nt build and deploy great deep learning models with the tools we have now .
I ca nt think of any more important goal than changing that .
Check out Weights & Biases at wandb.com .
Thanks Noga Leviner , Michael E. Driscoll , Yanda Erlich , Will Smith and James Cham for feedback on early drafts .
Scheme  Gauche   Gtk2  Scheme  xyzzy ( emacs ) 

 S  
 
2009-04-14
21:41 S  tach [ CVS ] 
2007-02-18
19:16 S  aloha [ CVS ] 
19:07 S  aloha [ CVS ] 
18:59 S  aloha [ CVS ] 
2007-02-03
Calorie restriction ( CR ) is an effective method of extending the lifespan of experimental organisms from across the evolutionary spectrum .
The method has shown promise in delaying the onset of age - related diseases in humans ( specifically atherosclerosis ) , but human - subject studies are still few and far between .
A recent study addresses the effect of CR on bone loss , and finds that limiting caloric intake can result in decreased bone mineral density ( BMD ) at clinically relevant sites in the body , i.e. , places where fractures often occur in the elderly .
Villareal et al. :
Background
Bone loss often accompanies weight loss induced by caloric restriction ( CR ) , but whether bone loss accompanies similar weight loss induced by exercise ( EX ) is unknown .
We tested the hypothesis that EX - induced weight loss is associated with less bone loss compared with CR - induced weight loss .
Methods Forty - eight adults ( 30 women ; 18 men ; mean  SD age , 57  3 years ; and mean  SD body mass index , 27  2 kg / m2 ) were randomized to 1 of 3 groups for 1 year : CR group ( n = 19 ) , regular EX group ( n = 19 ) , or a healthy lifestyle ( HL ) control group ( n = 10 ) .
Primary outcome measure was change in hip and spine bone mineral density ( BMD ) .
Secondary outcomes were bone markers and hormones .
Results
Body weight decreased similarly in the CR and EX groups ( 10.7 %  6.3 % [ 8.2  4.8 kg ] vs 8.4 %  6.3 % [  6.7  5.6 kg ] ; P = .21 ) , whereas weight did not change in the HL group (  1.2 %  2.5 % [ 0.9  2.0 kg ] ) .
Compared with the HL group , the CR group had decreases in BMD at the total hip (  2.2 %  3.1 % vs 1.2 %  2.1 % ; P = .02 ) and intertrochanter ( 2.1 %  3.4 % vs 1.7  2.8 % ; P = .03 ) .
The CR group had a decrease in spine BMD (  2.2 %  3.3 % ; P = .009 ) .
Despite weight loss , the EX group did not demonstrate a decrease in BMD at any site .
Body weight changes correlated with BMD changes in the CR ( R = 0.61 ; P = .007 ) but not in the EX group .
Bone turnover increased in both CR and EX groups .
Conclusions CR - induced weight loss , but not EX - induced weight loss , is associated with reductions in BMD at clinically important sites of fracture .
These data suggest that EX should be an important component of a weight loss program to offset adverse effects of CR on bone .
Inasmuch as BMD loss is a problem even in normal / healthy aging , even when it falls well short of osteoporosis , this is a cause for concern for those considering CR  especially if they begin ( like these subjects ) in mid-to - late life .
One potential criticism of the research might be that simple calorie restriction without taking special care to maintain optimal nutrition is likely to result in nutritional deficiency .
Sifting through the references , however , I found that each subject was in direct and frequent individual consultation with a dietitian , so I do nt think that the BMD loss can be attributed simply to a calcium and protein deficiency syndrome .
Still , one wonders whether vitamin supplementation and a very careful eye toward maintaining minimum levels of each micronutrient might have yielded different results .
This is good information to have , of course :
As I ve pointed out before , sometimes very promising anti-aging / pro-longevity regimens can have unforeseen negative consequences , and those considering changing their lifestyle to reap potential benefits should also be aware of potential harms .
More Effective Agile : A Roadmap for Software Leaders .
This distills my company s experience working with hundreds of companies into an easy - to - read guide to the modern Agile practices that work best .
Code Complete 2 . ( Now also an online course ) A practical handbook of software - construction practices .
Updated for web development , object - oriented development , agile practices , and other modern construction issues .
Software Estimation : Demystifying the Black Art . A comprehensive set of tips and heuristics that software developers , technical leads , and project managers can apply to create more accurate estimates
Professional Software Development .
Essays about the software engineering profession .
Rapid Development .
Strategy and best practices for optimizing software development schedules .
This book might still have some historical interest but is pretty out of date at this point .
Software Project Survival Guide .
A step - by - step guide to running a successful software project .
This was a good book in its day , but today I would recommend an introductory Scrum book instead .
Code Complete , 1st Edition .
A practical handbook of software - construction practices .
Super s eded by Code Complete 2 .
This is still available as a new book on Amazon ( inexplicably , since it s been out of print for 15 years ) , but the second edition is strongly preferred at this point .
Clearly , the government has a lot to handle since the seven serial blasts in Mumbai last Tuesday .
Banning America 's anti-Left website ExposingTheLeft.Blogspot .
Com is a start .
Viewed through pkblogs.com , a website that helps you bypass the official Indian ban ( its home page invites you if your blog is blocked in India , Pakistan , Iran or China ) , ExposingTheLeft .
Blogspot .
Com makes only one reference to Mumbai , which is : '' At least 131 killed in India train bombings : More humanitarian acts from the ' Religion of Peace ' . ''
This may be offensive and so could the rest of this website but largely for anti-Bush voters in the United States as it tracks domestic politics , takes several swipes at Iran , applauds a court ruling against same - sex marriages , and slams the Hizbollah .
It has little to do with what Comrade Prakash Karat was thinking about or doing on 7/11 .
ExposingTheLeft 's editors are aware of India 's gag order and their new post is : " Well , it 's not a fatwa but I suppose it will have to do . ''
Government officials today defended their action against the three blogspot.com sites and eight other websites they have ordered Internet Service Providers ( ISPs ) to block from Indian viewers .
Several Department of Telecom officials , contacted through the day , declined to comment .
An official in charge of cybersecurity said : " Google should take the initiative to block sites that are offensive to us .
If it does n't , we have to take such action . "
All banned blogs are being hosted on a website that Google owns .
The websites are hosted both in India and abroad , which complicates matters , since bloggers are being forced out of their blogs because of the ban .
'' There are ways to bypass the ban which makes it ineffectual , but there 's another complication , it 's not easy for India to block blogs selectively if they are not hosted here , '' says Supreme Court lawyer Pavan Duggal .
... contd .
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
