AMSTERDAM ( Reuters ) - ING became the latest European bank to seek government funding on Sunday , agreeing to a 10 billion euro ( $ 13.5 billion ) cash injection as well as scrapping executive bonuses and its year - end dividend .
A man cleans the windows of a ING branch in central Madrid April 14 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Andrea Comas
Following a weekend of intense negotiations after seeing its share price sliced by over a quarter in the latest trading session and the partial nationalization of rival Fortis two weeks ago , ING sought help to shore up its core capital and restore investor confidence .
As governments around the world pour in billions of dollars of state cash to help stabilize their banks , the Dutch government has set aside 20 billion euros to pump capital into its financial institutions .
Several British and Swiss banks tapped similar government funding lifelines in the past week .
Most of the smaller listed Dutch financial companies have indicated that they did not plan to ask for capital support , but ING and insurer Aegon had only said they were looking at the government offer .
“ The market environment has changed over the last two weeks and the expectations for capital levels have changed following massive capital injections in financial institutions worldwide , ” ING Chief Executive Michel Tilmant said .
“ We have accepted the consequences of this situation and welcome the support of the Dutch state , ” he told an evening news conference , flanked by Dutch Finance Minister Wouter Bos and central bank president Nout Wellink .
SOUND FINANCES
Bos and Wellink sought to reassure customers and shareholders that ING was a well - run firm with sound finances .
“ This is not about saving bad companies but to secure the future of a healthy one , ” Wellink said .
ING has a market value of 15.3 billion euros based on Friday ’s closing price , when its shares slumped 27.5 percent after it said it will book its first - ever loss in the third quarter as it was hit by the credit crisis .
The Netherlands ’ biggest listed bank said the transaction will raise the core capital ratio of its banking operations , boost the balance sheet of its insurance business and reduce the debt - to - equity ratio of the group .
The bank had the trust of its customers and had not seen any meaningful outflow of funds , Tilmant said .
ING will issue 10 billion euros worth of securities to the Dutch state , which will have a position similar to common shareholders .
The transaction is designed not to dilute shareholder capital .
But with a coupon of at least 8.5 percent and the right to buy back the securities at any time at 150 percent of the issue price or convert them into ordinary shares , ING will have a strong incentive to pay back the government .
Together with the 16.8 billion euros for the partial nationalization of Fortis , the Dutch government has now spent nearly 5 percent of the country ’s gross domestic product to help banks .
The capital injection will raise ING ’s core tier 1 capital ratio to 8 percent , well above the industry - recommended 6 percent target , and reduce the group ’s debt to equity ratio to 10 percent from 15 percent .
The capital injection deal , which includes the state naming two supervisory board members , is due to be completed by November 12 , when ING reports quarterly results .
ING , faced with a rapidly falling share price , gave some details of its third quarter on Friday , expecting a net loss of about 500 million euros , its first quarterly loss since the group was formed in 1991 .
That sent its shares to a 13 - year low .
ING ’s results had initially proven to be more resilient through the credit crisis than many of its peers , such as Belgian - Dutch rival Fortis , which was broken up earlier this month , partly nationalized by the Dutch government and partly sold off to French rival BNP Paribas .
A lack of empathy is a major sign that the one you love is abusive or has a personality disorder according to the current thinking in psychology .
But I think this view only scratches the surface and that the truth is much more sinister .
It is not that abusive people do n't understand others ' feelings ; I think that , in their own way , they understand these emotions very well .
It 's that an abusive person chooses not to acknowledge those feelings because to do so would take attention away from him or her .
I believe abusive people understand intimately how those they love feel but use that understanding to control them .
If the abusive person can pretend to not understand , then he or she has more power to manipulate the other .
Also abusive people hide this understanding because it creates another layer that the loved one must pass through to establish communication .
Thus this deception makes it even harder for the loved one to assert himself or herself .
Whew !
It sure does get complicated for those of us who do n't think this way or even imagine that living like this is real .
Yet I believe it is , and unfortunately many of us must deal this twisted point of view .
My ex-wife , for example , knew that I liked to help people and that I got a lot of joy from this .
Yet after years of helping her and listening to her and sympathizing with her but not getting much in return , I needed more .
But instead of responding and giving back as I asked , she criticized me saying that I was changing from a giving person to a selfish person and what was wrong ?
Knowing me as she did , she was certain this would stop me dead in my tracks .
And for many years it did .
I do not remember a time that she simply offered her understanding when I was sad or exhausted or overworked , although she required this from me on a daily basis .
The only moments she voluntarily expressed sympathy was when ( I realized later ) she was trying to hide something .
But it gets even worse .
Early on in a relationship abusive people sink their teeth into their victims and connect with them in a deep and profound way .
While it feels like love and is initially quite joyful , it is more like an infection or an addiction .
And it is something that only the abusive person can supply .
How this works is still a mystery to me , but these vampires understand our feelings better than we do when it comes to digging their hooks far into our souls .
Later when the victim tries to leave , he or she will be pulled back to that initial joyful feeling by the abused person and the victim will find it very difficult , if not impossible to get away .
This means that abusive people are more calculating , more cold blooded , more masterful and have less morality than we ever imagined .
Sympathy is doled out in small doses when it will do the most good ; empathy is seen as a tool the abusive person can use to keep a loved one in line .
It is very sad that these people do not comprehend the true nature of love and therefore are deprived of it .
They have no understanding of a partnership , for example , in which emotions and vulnerabilities are freely expressed and shared .
They are always , in a sense , alone .
Abusive people instead see everything in terms of control .
So God forbid if you , the abused person , decide to assert yourself and insist that your feelings be taken into account .
The abusive one will see it as an attempt on your part to take over and therefore he or she will become quite angry .
But why do we get involved with these people to begin with ?
Much has been made of the concept of enablers , that is people who willingly go along with abusive partners .
I believe this notion is often wrong .
The abusive are attracted to fun loving , lively , joyful people because the abusive ones are dead inside and hope they can somehow tap into a life energy .
If we are giving people , we may believe that we can help them .
But like vampires they will suck us dry and eventually try to control our every move .
For example , a woman told me about her abusive husband who , after several years of marriage , asked her to explain the smallest things .
When she got up from the couch and went to put a glass in the sink , he wanted to know why she was doing that .
In another simple everyday example , my ex-wife , after ten years of marriage , began to correct my way of speaking .
Being an English major , I knew how to talk , yet she decided she did not like certain phrases I used and told me not to say them .
Every couple of months she would add another expression to her list .
Her constant vigilance and corrections made me self - conscious and shut down my normally expressive nature .
And when I became quiet she chided me for not being more demonstrative the way I used to be .
I started to sense I was in a cage .
And when I finally did manage to end our marriage , I felt that I had been set free .
So while we might sympathize with those who unfortunately are vampires , their actions are poison to healthy people .
No matter how charming they may appear , how unfair their lot in life , we must learn to keep away from them or we too will join the undead .
They show a narrow victory for marriage equality : 52 to 48 .
Every ethnic group supported marriage equality , except African - Americans , who voted overwhelmingly against extending to gay people the civil rights once denied them : a staggering 69 - 31 percent African - American margin against marriage equality .
That 's worse than even I expected .
Whites , on the other hand , clearly rejected discrimination : 55 to 45 percent .
Latinos were evenly split .
But what matters , of course , is the margin of all the votes .
It 's still an exit poll , and those polls sometimes under - estimate anti-gay sentiment .
So no assurance .
But some provisional hope .
If marriage endures in California , this debate is over - in America and the world .
Oh , and there was no gender gap .
And a massive generation gap : the under - 30s voted for marriage equality by 67 to 31 percent .
The over 65s voted for discrimination by 57 - 43 percent .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Indigenous Entrepreneurship in Rural China
19 December 2008 at 3:27 pm Peter G. Klein
| Peter Klein |
A very interesting article in the McKinsey Quarterly by MIT ’s Yasheng Huang : “ Private Ownership : The Real Source of China ’s Economic Miracle . ”
The key to China ’s recent economic is not state - led capitalism ( call it “ Bush - Bernanke - Paulson capitalism ” ) but private property and financial - market liberalization , leading to a burst of indigenous rural entrepreneurship .
Writes Huang :
Big cities like Beijing , Shanghai , and Shenzhen are routinely extolled in the Western press as vibrant growth centers .
China ’s rural areas , if mentioned at all , typically figure as impoverished backwaters .
But a close analysis of the economic data reveals that these breathless descriptions of China ’s modern city skylines have it exactly backward : in fact , the economy was most dynamic in rural China , while heavy - handed government intervention has stifled entrepreneurialism and ownership in the urban centers .
Particularly interesting is Huang ’s account of why so many Western economists fail to understand this .
The real mystery of China ’s miracle is n’t how the economy grew , but how Western experts got the growth story so wrong .
One answer is that outsiders misunderstood the nature of one of China ’s most basic economic institutions : township and village enterprises , which some of the West ’s best - known economists have celebrated as the epitome of capitalism with Chinese characteristics — innovative hybrid entities that achieved high growth despite government control .
Nobel laureate Joseph Stiglitz , for example , extolled them for offering an ingenious solution to a problem common to economies in transition from socialism to capitalism : asset - stripping by private investors .
1
These enterprises , he argues , are a form of public ownership that prevents plundering while achieving the efficiency of private - sector companies .
In short , Western economists have often assumed township and village governments own these enterprises .
As recently as 2005 , Douglass North , another Nobel winner , stated in the Wall Street Journal that they “ hardly resembled the standard firm of economics . ”
But the evidence suggests otherwise .
A policy document issued by the State Council on March 1 , 1984 , includes the first official Chinese reference to township and village enterprises .
It defined them as “ enterprises sponsored by townships and villages , the alliance enterprises formed by peasants , other alliance enterprises , and individual enterprises . ”
The term “ enterprises sponsored by townships and villages ” referred to the collective undertakings townships and villages own and run .
All the other entities mentioned in the policy document were private businesses : single proprietorships or larger private companies with a number of shareholders — precisely “ the standard firm of economics . ”
Official usage of the term “ township and village enterprise ” has been remarkably consistent : it always includes private businesses as well as those sponsored by governments .
Western economists erred because they assumed the term referred to ownership .
But Chinese officials understood it in the geographic sense — businesses located in townships and villages .
The records of China ’s Ministry of Agriculture attest that privately owned and run entities dominated the total pool of these enterprises .
During the years from 1985 to 2002 , the number of collectively owned ones peaked in 1986 at 1.73 million entities , while the number of private ones soared to more than 20 million , from about 10.5 million .
In other words , the increase in the number of these enterprises during the reform era was due entirely to the private sector .
By 1990 , within the first decade of reform , such private businesses accounted for 50 percent of total employment in town and village enterprises and claimed 58 percent of their after - tax profits .
One important implication is that the “ standard firm of economics ” is not institutionally or culturally specific , as some institutional theorists have claimed , but a fairly general , almost universal organizational form .
I ’m sure the boys at orgtheory will have something to say about this .
Email
Print
Facebook
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Twitter
Reddit
Related
Entry filed under : - Klein -, Entrepreneurship , Myths and Realities , Public Policy / Political Economy , Theory of the Firm .
The page can not be found .
The web page you are attempting to access is not found or has been moved .
Please try the following :
Please verify that the page is valid and try to access the page again later .
( or )
Click one of the links above to find your page .
Contact our Information Technology staff by e-mail at techsup@sos.ks.gov or by phone at ( 785 ) 296-7810 if you are still unable to access your web page .
Architect Michelle Kaufmann has made a big splash in Chicago this week during the opening of her Smart Home : Green +
Wired exhibit at the Museum of Science and Industry .
The PrairieMod crew and myself were fortunate enough to be able to spend the past two days previewing the home and are excited to share some details with you .
If you ’re interested , feel free to check out our podcast interview with Michelle where she explains how the project came to be and the 5 eco- principles utilized by her firm .
The showcase " Smart Home " is Kaufmann ’s mkSolaire plan , which is designed for a city lot and has a loft - like feeling to it .
Its goal is to address the space challenges found with infill lots and standard row home configurations .
The brilliant thing about this exhibit is that it is fully functional , not just a shadow of what the design could be .
And in case you ’re wondering , the house will be dismantled after the exhibit closes in January 2009 .
There are a couple of wonderful things about what this exhibit is doing .
For example , it is making this approach to design completely accessible to the typical citizen in a relevant manner .
It is n’t just the stuff of highbrow design and shelter magazines .
The Smart Home is absolutely real and is made for real people .
It honestly inspires folks to see what can be accomplished with a thoughtful plan and current technology .
Another exciting aspect is the fact that a prefab home can be built in the Midwest .
So many of us here in Chicago , see these designs being built predominantly on the West Coast and are left wondering …. where are our prefab options ?
It is important to mention some of the brilliant ideas that were incorporated into the design of this home .
Even on a dark , rainy day , light and air were streaming into the living spaces because of a strategically planned design to reduce dependance on artificial light .
Listed below is a rundown of items used :
Window walls which fold close to completely merge indoors with outdoors , solar shades that raise and lower with an automation system , a brilliant wood slatted door that slides over one of the window walls to allow air flow and security ( inspired by the barns of Michelle Iowa youth ) .
Dual flush toilets , low flow faucets , leds lights and cfl bulbs , thin solar panels designed specifically for a climate like Chicago , and a green roof .
No VOC paints , certified Ipe wood , organic fabrics , tiles made from recycled chardonnay bottles and fly ash , recycled concrete countertops .
Vintage pieces of furniture , reupholstered sofas made from t- shirt material , interesting hanging lights filled with incandescent bulbs .
Indoor / Outdoor spaces with nearly every room accessible to the outside .
Gardens use of native plants , permeable pavers and rain gardens .
Water reclamation systems to collect and use grey water for the gardens .
Honestly , the list is endless !
For full details download the official Exhibit Guide [ pdf ] .
Bottom line , the sampling above shows a complete paradigm shift in how the average American home can and should be built .
Frank Lloyd Wright tried his best in the early 1900 ’s with the American Systems Built Homes and again in the mid 1900 ’s with the Usonian house .
Unfortunately , he was ahead of his time .
The technology was n’t there and the public did n’t understand the concept .
That is why it is fascinating to see the ideas that so many designers like Wright pioneered are now being practically incorporated into 21st - century designs like the mkSolaire .
All of the right circumstances are coalescing into an architectural revolution that will change the way we live at home in America .
Bryan Kelly is a co-founder and contributor to PrairieMod , a blog that is all about The Art of Living in the Modern World .
Photo Credits : MSI Chicago
On convention eve , Obama rips McCain
EAU CLAIRE , Wis. – Barack Obama lashed out Sunday at John McCain , saying the Republican “ does n’t really have an economic plan ” and his party ’s approach on foreign policy of “ talking tough and acting dumb is not a way to keep you safe and secure . ”
McCain , meanwhile , allowed surrogates and negative ads to do the attacking as he did no campaigning .
Advertisement
At a barbecue at a local park here , Obama took an unusually strident tone towards McCain , now a fixture in the Democrat ’s speech as a country club Republican who does n’t know how many properties he owns and defines “ rich ” as those making $ 5 million .
Obama got carried away at one point — and his language turned a bit salty , by his campaign trail standards , at least .
“ If we can spend $ 10 - 12 billion a month in Iraq , we sure as hell can pay $ 10 - 12 billion right here in the United States of America to put people back to work , ” he told about 300 supporters , many with young children .
Obama paused .
Campaign staff members twisted their heads around , looking for confirmation of what they just heard .
“ I apologize , by the way .
I usually say ‘ heck , ’ especially after church , ” said Obama , who had emerged an hour earlier from Sunday services at First Lutheran Church here , where the sermon focused on humility .
“ That sort of slipped out .
Sorry , kids . ”
It was an angrier , more exasperated turn for a candidate better known for a cool and occasionally detached delivery .
Some supporters and political observers have been agitating for fiery performances from him on the trail , and he showed signs of such an approach Sunday .
Depicting McCain as out of touch with working families , Obama hit populist notes , saying he was the candidate for the middle class , “ the teachers and nurses and the cops and firefighters . ”
McCain , he added , “ does n’t really have an economic plan , and everybody sort of knows it . ”
“ So you know who is fighting for you , ” Obama said .
“ It ’s not the folks who are going to be meeting in Minnesota .
It ’s the folks who are meeting in Denver . ”
Foreign policy may be McCain ’s claim to the presidency , Obama said , but “ talking tough and acting dumb is not a way to keep you safe and secure .
We need somebody who talks tough who is going to act smart and be tough . ”
With Obama dominating the news cycle — and set to do so for the next four days — McCain has chosen a strategy of using surrogates and daily campaign ad rollouts to counterpunch , rather than making public statements himself .
After three days with virtually no public appearances , McCain emerged from his Sedona hideaway and drove 90 minutes in his seven - car motorcade to Phoenix .
It was a standard Sunday schedule for many families — coffee run , church , Arizona Diamondbacks ballgame .
The service at North Phoenix Baptist was not without political color .
Pastor Dan Yeary showed a clip of last weekend ’s presidential candidates forum at Saddleback with the Rev. Rick Warren , broadcasting on big screens in the church the question each candidate answered about his greatest moral failure .
McCain ’s pastor did not take sides on each answer , but the Arizona senator received polite applause from his home state congregation .
As McCain attended the baseball game , appearing on the Jumbotron next to Olympic beach volleyball champ Misty May - Trainor , his campaign sought to turn against Obama his selection of Sen.
Joe Biden as a running mate .
“ In his first event since choosing Joe Biden as his vice presidential nominee , Barack Obama attacked many of Joe Biden ’s own positions on national security issues .
We look forward to the debate between Joe Biden and Barack Obama over whether or not Senator Obama is qualified to be commander in chief , ” said McCain spokesman Brian Rogers .
For the second time in as many days , the McCain campaign rolled out an attack ad , this one showing clips of Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton criticizing Obama during the Democratic primary campaign .
A female narrator says : “ She won millions of votes , but is n’t on the ticket .
Why ?
For speaking the truth . ”
The former first lady , who has praised Biden 's selection , responded with a statement from her spokeswoman Kathleen Strand .
" Hillary Clinton 's support of Barack Obama is clear , " Strand said .
" She has said repeatedly that Barack Obama and she share a commitment to changing the direction of the country , getting us out of Iraq and expanding access to health care .
John McCain does n't .
It 's interesting how those remarks did n't make it into his ad . "
Obama campaigned separately from Biden , who returned to Delaware ahead of the Democratic National Convention in Denver .
Before Obama boarded his plane from Eau Claire to Chicago , he surprised reporters by breaking from his security and approaching the media scrum to talk up his running mate .
“ The conversations we 've been having over the last couple of days make me absolutely convinced he is the right man for the job , ” Obama said .
The McCain campaign is expected to continue daily ad rollouts during the Democratic National Convention , and spokesman Tucker Bounds said the theme is that the election is “ about a choice , not a destiny . ”
But for the first half of the week , McCain will keep his appearances to a minimum , with two California fundraisers scheduled , a taping of NBC's " The Tonight Show with Jay Leno " and a speech to a veterans group in Phoenix .
Kady reported from Phoenix .
Days before American International Group received its latest government bailout on Monday , the troubled insurer hosted a $ 343,000 conference for independent financial planners at the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak resort in Phoenix .
The company said sponsors picked up roughly 93 percent of the tab for the Nov. 5 - 7 conference , but the spending still drew the ire of a member of Congress and raised questions about how AIG should be operating when it is under such intense scrutiny .
The Phoenix conference was at least the second time since September the company was involved in a six - figure event at a resort .
A spokesman Monday said the company has canceled more than 160 meetings or conferences in the past month .
AIG said it decided to host nearly 150 financial planners at the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak event because of the valuable training they received and the revenue they produce .
" Our success in enlisting product sponsors to pay for the vast majority of conference costs , while charging financial planners a registration fee and for their travel , has resulted in minimal cost to AIG , " Larry Roth , AIG 's chief executive , said in a statement issued by the company .
The company also canceled an appearance by NFL broadcaster Terry Bradshaw , saying it was n't a necessary expense even though a sponsor was paying for the appearance .
AIG said its total cost at the Phoenix resort , which offers guests access to a spa , fitness center and golf club , was $ 23,000 .
On Monday , AIG received a record amount for a private company when the government announced a newly enlarged $ 150 billion financial - rescue package that included $ 40 billion for partial ownership .
The funding modifies an $ 85 million government loan obtained in September .
U.S. Rep. Elijah Cummings , D - Md. , a member of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , said he was " shocked and disappointed " when he learned about the Phoenix conference .
" AIG is coming to the government claiming to be in critical condition and asking to be placed under intensive care , but they are still going out and partying and acting as healthy as ever , " Cummings said in a statement .
" It is even harder to sympathize when this company 's executives continue to wade by luxury pools while the everyday American whose taxpayer dollars are being used to save the company are hard at work . "
Monday 's bailout , announced by the Federal Reserve and the Treasury Department , was taken as it became increasingly clear that an original financial lifeline thrown to AIG in September would be insufficient to stabilize the teetering company .
Fed officials expressed confidence that the money would be repaid to taxpayers .
The government is buying preferred shares of AIG stock , giving the government an ownership stake .
In turn , restrictions will be placed on executive compensation at the firm .
Marianne Jennings , a professor of legal and ethical studies in business at Arizona State University , said AIG should know better than to be associated with an expensive conference .
" The reality is they have new shareholders , and those shareholders are taxpayers who are struggling ... , " Jennings said .
" They can talk until they are blue in the face .
But this will not fly , not in this economy and not in this bailout , with everyone cutting back . "
New York - based AIG on Monday also said it lost $ 24.47 billion , or $ 9.05 per share in the third quarter , after a profit of $ 3.09 billion , or $ 1.19 per share , a year ago .
Besides insurance offerings , AIG provides asset - management services and airplane leases .
Its myriad businesses also are linked to mutual funds , annuities and other retirement products .
The Associated Press contributed to this article .
OSLO ( Reuters Life ! ) - Bernt Aune ’s transplanted cornea has been in use for a record 123 years -- since before the Eiffel Tower was built .
“ This is the oldest eye in Norway -- I do n’t know if it ’s the oldest in the world , ” Aune , an 80 - year - old Norwegian and former ambulance driver , told Reuters by telephone on Thursday .
“ But my vision ’s not great any longer . ”
He had a cornea transplanted into his right eye in 1958 from the body of an elderly man who was born in June 1885 .
The operation was carried out at Namsos Hospital , mid-Norway .
“ I would n’t be surprised if this is the oldest living organ in the world , ” eye doctor Hasan Hasanain at Namsos hospital told the Norwegian daily Verdens Gang .
In the 1950s , doctors expected it to work for just five years , Hasanain said .
Such cornea operations date back to the early 20th century and were among the first successful transplants .
“ It was n’t unusual to use corneas from elderly people who had died , ” Aune said .
The oldest person who had documents to prove it was France ’s Jeanne Calment , who was 122 old when she died in 1997 , according to the Guinness Book of Records .
The Eiffel Tower was built from 1887 to 1889 .
U.S. inventor Thomas Edison patented a film camera for motion pictures in 1888 .
I have always been a huge Harry Potter fan .
I sometimes wonder what I will do with my life once all of the movies have been released .
It will be a sad day in my household , that ’s for damn sure .
I discovered the Harry Potter series the summer before I went away to college and I devoured the first four books in a way that reminded me of my youth .
The one thing I loved about the books was all the strong female characters Rowling had made integral in her world .
Hermione was strong , brave and extremely intelligent .
Not just in book smarts but also in logic and common sense .
She also had a sense of social consciousness with her organization of S.P.E.W. and her desire to give others a chance no matter what prejudices there were about them .
Professor McGonogall was the second in command to Prof .
Dumbledore , confidant , intelligent , fair and powerful .
Her first name is Minerva which comes from the Roman goddess of fairness and wisdom and she exhibited those qualities as well as being a fierce warrior when it came down to the final battle .
Bellatrix Lestrange , as evil as she is , is powerful and second in command to the most powerful dark wizard ever .
She is a fierce solider and a formidable witch who delights in her anger and evilness in a way that strays away from the evil witch stereotype in so many Disney movies .
Ginny ( quite possibly my favorite character ) grows from a quiet boy - shy girl , into a beautiful sexually assured women who plays sports with boys , breaks the rules , and does not take orders from her brothers .
In this world of amazing women one women always stood out to me as strange and that was Molly Weasley .
Mrs. Weasley just did not seem to fit into the dynamic .
She did n’t have a job even though her family could have used the extra money .
She cared about housework and behaving appropriately .
She burst into tears at any emotional situation and seemed overly into the idea of a wedding and whether or not a girl was good enough for her son .
I was confused and critical of her as were other feminists I met who enjoyed the books .
Why was Molly Weasley such a weak women character we wondered ?
Then , in “ Deathly Hallows ” , we finally met the real Mrs. Weasley and I realized that I had made a horrible mistake in my assumptions about what Mrs.
Weasley ’s choices said about her .
Many feminists have often been accused of looking down at stay at home moms .
It is implied that we think they are useless or unhappy and it can create a lot of tension when a woman makes that decision .
I always had maintained that if a woman wanted to stay home and was content with the decision I did n’t mind as long as my desire to work was treated equally as valid .
However , getting sucked into the world of Harry Potter with it ’s powerful , emotionally strong , and accomplished witches I did look at Molly Weasley as a disappointment .
When she was critical of Fred and George ’s aspirations , when she seemed to only do magic that involved housework , when she never was around for an important event and instead was relegated to waiting at home wringing her hands , and her desire to make her daughter Ginny sit down and stay out of the action .
These all made me underestimate Mrs. Weasley and I believe that part of that was Rowling ’s intentions .
In the last book , when Ginny is almost killed and Mrs. Weasley comes barrelling through the Great Hall , I learned a valuable lesson .
To read and see in my mind Mrs.
Weasley take down the most powerful witch on the dark side brought tears of joy and a fierce proudness to my eyes .
It still is a paragraph I can read over and over again as it opened my eyes to a Molly Weasley I had not seen no matter how many times I read the book .
I saw a women who did not take the easy way out .
I saw a woman who raised a large family to be brave and respectful individuals .
I saw a woman who raised a feminist daughter .
I saw a women who immediately sided with the right side and was willing to take on the role of protector to many , even if it put her family in jeopardy .
I saw a women who always worked for the greater good even with her fears for her family .
I saw a woman who ’s son was killed yet was able to step up and fight and do what was needed .
I saw a woman who encouraged acceptance of others .
I saw a mother and a damn good one .
I saw a powerful witch who knew that a sign of strength was n’t how often you showcased it , but that you used it when necessary .
Why did n’t I see this before ?
Because I was blinded by her homemaker status in a world where women seemed to all be working .
I know I am not alone and I am proud of J.K. Rowling and Mrs. Weasley for challenging assumptions and showing that the powerful thing about a women is not what she does but who she is .
Anand Jon Alexander to Serve 59 Years to Life For Assaulting Models ( Photos )
, American 's Next Top Model designer , was found guilty of 14 felony count in Los Angeles Superior Court .
The 34 year old was convicted of luring young women with promises of runway work and then sexually assaulting them .
The aspiring models ranged in age from 14 to 21 years of age .
He received a sentence of 59 years to life on August 31 , 2009 .
Serving as his own attorney , Alexander argued for a new trial because of juror and prosecution misconduct plus inadequate defense by his own former attorneys .
Judge David Wesley denied the request .
Anand Jon brought his seven victims to L.A. and put them up in luxury hotel accommodations .
The charges included forcible rape , lewd acts upon a child and attempted sexual assault .
Three counts for unlawful sexual intercourse were dropped by Judge David Wesley after jurors were unable to reach a verdict .
Police started investigating Alexander in 2007 .
Since that time nine women have come forward in New York with similar allegations .
Investigations are also underway in Texas and Massachusetts .
Defense attorney Leonard Levine plans to appeal .
His client , originally from India , will have to serve 59 years of a life sentence before he is eligible for parole .
Anand Jon , trained at Parsons School of Design in New York , was featured on America 's Next Top Model and has worked with Paris Hilton and Mary J. Blige .
Newsweek named him a person to watch .
Photo gallery below .
Brit mourns the dying art of lunchtime drinking :
All this talk of cider puts me in mind of a chap I used to work with ( small publishing company , he was Editor , I his Assistant ) .
Every lunchtime he would slope down to The Oak and indulge in hour of eloquent complaining about his employer , and while doing this he would sink three pints of thick , gut - rotting scrumpy .
Remarkably , this heroic routine did n't seem to affect his afternoon work one iota ( but then he did have a background in the newspaper business ) .
In my first ever journalistic job - an editorial intern at the Daily Telegraph when it was actually on Fleet Street - I was in awe of the hacks ' liquid lunches .
I remember watching the late great Peter Utley polishing off a couple of bottles of champagne for lunch , making it back just in time for the 4 pm leader - writer conference , then tossing back a couple of scotches before dictating a blistering editorial on the sloth of the working classes .
I remember asking him , slackjawed , how he did it , earning the righteous reply : " My dear boy , one cannot write a leader for the Telegraph without a double on the rocks . "
I am not worthy .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
India 's Lucknow train station has employed a man dressed like a monkey to scare away real monkeys who have menaced passengers .
OXFORD , Iowa ( CNN ) -- Brianne Leckness stares into the camera , a crooked smile spread across her face .
It 's the epitome of youth -- a young girl with bows in her hair ready to tackle the world .
A dog scampers behind her in a blur .
Brianne Leckness is one of 100 people featured in a new book called " The Oxford Project . " more photos »
But then you learn her story and how her life has changed since that day in 1984 when photographer Peter Feldstein took her picture in Oxford , Iowa , a town of about 700 people .
You may pause .
You may even cry .
" My mom left me at a church when I was 3 .
She used to travel with the carnival , and the carnival ended up going broke in Iowa .
When my mom and my stepfather had a hard day , they 'd take it out on me .
So she left me at this church with our dog Freddy , " she says .
" She pinned a note to my shirt that said , ' Please take care of her .
We can't any longer . ' "
Brianne 's story is one of 100 captured in a new book called " The Oxford Project . "
It combines black - and - white portrait photographs -- one from 1984 , a second 20 years later -- with oral histories to give a mosaic of a small town , of hopes and dreams , of triumphs and tragedies , of life and death .
" Old hippie " works hard , parties hard ; meet other townfolk too »
Intimate details are shared : Pat Henkelman was the last in town to learn her husband of 45 years was cheating ; Hunter Tandy says his second cousin , Ashton Kutcher , once visited with Demi Moore and stayed in the Super 8 ; Jim Hoyt Sr. breaks his silence and describes being one of the first four U.S. soldiers to liberate the Buchenwald concentration camp in Germany during World War II .
Feldstein began his project in 1984 with a simple idea : Snap photos of all 676 residents of Oxford .
He typed up letters in April that year and delivered them to every home , most of the time taping the notes to the back door .
" The sessions will take about 5 minutes and of most importance is that you feel comfortable .
We would like you to dress 'as you are , ' not as you might look in your Sunday best , " he wrote .
By summer 's end , the University of Iowa arts professor had photographed 670 people , six shy of the whole town .
He displayed the photos at the American Legion , but then tucked them away .
The prints were destroyed in a flood ; the negatives were stuffed in boxes .
See photos of how people changed »
Two decades later , Feldstein set out on a new quest -- to rephotograph as many people as he could find from 1984 .
But this time he brought along Stephen G. Bloom , a University of Iowa journalism professor , to interview the residents and record their life histories .
" I learned secrets .
I learned things that some of them had n't even told their spouses , " says Feldstein , a resident of the town since 1978 .
" More than anything , I learned about my neighbors more . "
Watch no " Hallmark questions " here »
Many stand in nearly the exact same pose as two decades before , their shoulders drooped with age .
Children are now men ; girls are now mothers .
Bloom , with Feldstein present , interviewed each person separately , and the townspeople revealed their innermost feelings .
Now , Feldstein traces his finger along cracks on the wall where residents stood for the photos the second time around .
The cracks look like varicose veins breaking through plaster .
" The wall has changed just like the people have changed , " Feldstein says .
Bloom says journalists these days too often talk to the nation 's power players and too few times to working - class people .
" The idea was not to talk to the decision makers , but talk to the people whose lives are affected by the decision makers , " he says .
" My job in Oxford was to talk to the voiceless , to people who do n't have any voice who are the backbone of America . "
On a recent Sunday , Oxford residents flocked to St. Mary 's Hall for the big debut .
Books were sprawled out on 1960s - style wooden tables .
Residents snatched them up and began signing each other 's copies , as if it were a high school yearbook signing .
Learn facts about Oxford »
Kathy Brack clutched her book to her heart .
" I 've been hugging it ever since I got it , " says the schoolteacher of 34 years .
" There were things in there that the gossip line did n't know about ! "
Nearby , one of her former students , Ben Stoker , held his copy .
In 1984 , his father , Dave , held his boy proudly for Feldstein 's camera .
The father 's arms are outstretched , his newborn son asleep in his hands .
A gentle smile can be seen from beneath his dad 's thick beard .
Ben 's mother , Darnell , was photographed a couple of weeks before .
She 's dressed in a plaid maternity outfit , pregnant with Ben .
" When I was 10 , my dad died , " Ben Stoker told Bloom and Feldstein .
" Pretty much I think about my dad every day .
I remember feeling his beard against my face .
I remember his hands -- they were soft and warm .
" Two years ago , when I was 19 , my mother died of cancer .
She was my guiding light . "
In a corner of the hall this day , Kevin Somerville -- a large man in overalls , a bushy beard and a boisterous laugh -- sits with his wife , Mary , and grown daughter , Kristi .
They say they thought they knew everything about everybody in town , until they got ahold of the book .
Everyone seemed to spill the beans -- to two " East Coast Jews , " as Feldstein puts it .
Why would residents of an entire town open their hearts ?
" People will talk if you 're willing to listen , " Kristi Somerville says .
" They 're not small - town stories .
They 're human stories . "
Her mother adds of Bloom 's at - ease style .
" He said , ' Tell me about your life . '
How often does somebody ask you that :
Tell me about your life ? "
Brianne Leckness , now 30 years old , shows up with Blanche Smith , her foster mother during her years in Oxford .
Blanche has taken in more than 500 foster children over the years .
But she still remembers that day when she gave up Brianne to another foster home .
She was raising three teenage sons and could n't handle a young girl in grade school .
" Yes , " she says , crying when asked if she wished she had kept Brianne .
Later in the day , about three dozen Oxford residents make the 16 - mile trek to Iowa City .
Hundreds of Iowans pack the Englert Theatre for an on -stage performance of The Oxford Project .
Sixteen local Iowans read the stories of the Oxford residents as told in the book .
Only one person tells her own story .
It 's Brianne Leckness .
" When I was 9 , Blanche said to me , ' I really can't be your mom any longer . '
In my next family , the mother would put my hair up .
But I was a tomboy , and it drove them mad .
I went to three or four other foster homes after that . "
" ... On my 18th birthday , my mother blew into town .
She wanted us to go on ' The Montel Williams Show ' and say how she really never wanted to give me up . "
She ends with : " Nothing for me has been normal , so why should now be normal ? "
Brianne is a mother now , determined to raise her own children and not to make the same mistakes her mother made .
As the night drew to a close , she stood with the 16 others on stage to raucous applause .
She smiled and took a bow .
She was a portrait of courage .
A model of a small town .
A real American .
Afterward , she said it felt good to " relive part of my past that was a good experience . "
" It was nice .
It was really nice . "
What are we to make of stories like these ?
" I walked away from this knowing that life turns on a dime , " Bloom says .
" I realized that life is really dependent on moments , and you do n't know when those moments are going to take place when you wake up .
And sometimes when you go to sleep at night , you do n't realize those moments have taken place . "
" The story in Oxford really is n't about Oxford , Iowa .
It 's about any small town in the United States -- anywhere in the world . "
All About University of Iowa • Iowa
Nothing like starting off a new week with a $ 29 billion net loss for the nation ’s largest mortgage investor .
Fannie
Mae is currently under government guard , with the conservatorship instituted in September , but it still apparently can’t keep its balance sheet from joining the ranks of other massive mortgage meltdowns that seem to be par for today ’s course .
Former Fannie employees in formerly high - ranking positions had suggested to me a few months ago that the 10Q would look particularly grim this third quarter , for reasons part fiscal and part political .
But I ’m not interested in looking back ; I ’m looking forward , and unfortunately Fannie ’s future looks pretty grim .
According to today ’s filing , Fannie has “ experienced reduced demand for our debt obligations from some of our historical sources of that demand , particularly in international markets .
There are several factors contributing to the reduced demand for our debt securities , including continued severe market disruptions , market concerns about our capital position and the future of our business ( including its future profitability , future structure , regulatory actions and agency status ) and the extent of U.S. government support for our business . ”
And there you have it .
Earnings Surprises : Meet , Beat , or Miss
I was also looking through what they call the “ Credit Supplement ” in the filing , specifically to see just how all those Fannie loans are doing , now that we ’re all about modifications and saving the housing planet and all .
It appears the 2006 and 2007 vintages of loans held or guaranteed by Fannie are on life support .
Together they now make up 66 percent of the company ’s Q3 credit losses .
Were Fannie underwriters out for coffee for two years or what ??
Remember , Fannie supposedly does n’t do subprime loans .
They did , however , do Alt - A loans , that is the low doc , no doc , do n’t tell anyone anything about your ability to actually repay anything borrower .
As one analyst put it to me this morning : “ They just waved it in , yeah , they stopped underwriting - That is what Alt - A was . ”
This particular guy thinks the 07/08 vintages will be even worse , setting new records for defaults .
In the 10Q Fannie detailed at length its modification programs including loan workouts , additional loans to help borrowers in financial difficulty bring loans current and increased outreach to delinquent borrowers .
Nowhere did it say anything about actually writing down the principal on the loans , which is a requirement of the government bailout plans though not a requirement of the conservatorship .
The CEOs of Fannie and Freddie recently said writing down principal would be necessary , but so far , I ’m not seeing it .
The feeling I get from this particular 10Q is brash uncertainty .
And that ’s a little scary , given today ’s economic climate and the size of this particular mortgage entity .
No wait , that ’s a lot scary .
Questions ?
Comments ?
RealtyCheck@cnbc.com
PRINCETON , NJ -- More of John McCain 's voters cite his " values " or " views " as one of the main reasons they are supporting him for president today than did so a month ago : 20 % , up from 7 % in early September .
McCain 's values and views now compete with his experience and qualifications ( 26 % ) as the top draw for his voters .
According to the new Gallup Poll , conducted Oct. 3 - 5 , slightly fewer McCain voters today than a month ago mention either national security concerns or Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin 's presence on the ticket as the main reason they are supporting McCain .
Gallup 's initial measure of voters ' reasons for choosing their candidate was conducted Sept. 8 - 11 , shortly after the Republican National Convention , when McCain was slightly ahead in the race .
Gallup Poll Daily tracking from Sept. 8 - 10 showed him leading Obama by 48 % to 44 % .
The new Oct. 3 - 5 poll is contemporaneous with Gallup Poll Daily tracking showing Obama with an 8 - point lead , 50 % to 42 % .
In the period between surveys , the nation became embroiled in a major economic crisis , and also had the chance to see the candidates face off in a presidential debate .
Both of these factors could explain the shifts in what McCain voters say compels them to back him for president , particularly in terms of the increase in those citing his values and views .
However , there has been no real change in the small number specifically mentioning the economy or McCain 's economic views ( now 4 % , versus 6 % in September ) .
Despite the significant increase in voter support for Obama since Sept. 8 - 11 , Gallup finds little change in the voting mindset of his supporters .
The dominant rationale they give for favoring Obama -- mentioned by 40 % of his supporters in Gallup 's Oct. 3 - 5 survey -- is that he represents change or a " fresh approach . "
Lower - ranked factors , mentioned by at least 10 % of his voters , include his economic proposals ( 13 % ) , his plans for handling the Iraq war ( 10 % ) , and his views more generally ( 12 % ) .
As with McCain 's voters , Obama 's voters are no more likely to mention the economy today than they were in September .
Aside from the factors already mentioned , supporters of both major - party candidates mention a variety of other candidate positions and traits .
Small percentages of Obama 's voters ( fewer than 10 % ) cite his intelligence ( 8 % ) , support for the working / middle class ( 7 % ) , honesty ( 5 % ) , and position on healthcare reform ( 4 % ) .
Fewer than 10 % of McCain 's voters cite his honesty ( 8 % ) , his military background ( 6 % ) , and his conservative views ( 5 % ) .
In early September , McCain 's voters were 10 times more likely than Obama 's voters to cite their candidate 's running mate as the primary reason they were voting for their chosen candidate , 10 % vs. 1 % .
Today , McCain 's voters are only about twice as likely to do this , 5 % vs. 2 % .
Bottom Line
Obama 's voters see him primarily as an agent of change .
Relatively few of his supporters mention other specific issues associated with him , including the economy .
This has n't changed over the past month , despite the enormous changes in the economic landscape , which have largely benefited Obama 's candidacy in Gallup 's pre-election polling .
McCain 's image has sharpened somewhat over the past month .
In early September , five different factors emerged as important to at least 10 % of his supporters : his experience , national security , his honesty and integrity , his being a Republican , and his choice of a running mate .
Today , there are only three : his experience , his values and views , and national security .
There is little overlap in the top factors identified by each set of voters :
In sharp contrast to the 40 % of Obama 's voters citing change , only 1 % of McCain 's voters mention this .
Similarly , whereas 26 % of McCain 's voters mention McCain 's experience and qualifications , only 3 % of Obama 's voters say the same about Obama .
Survey Methods
Results are based on telephone interviews with 1,011 national adults , aged 18 and older , conducted Oct. 3 - 5 , 2008 .
For results based on the total sample of national adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±3 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
Continuing his interesting train of thought , DHH posted on his blog yesterday that Rails is , in fact , not monolithic .
In reality , he says , it is quite modular .
In the post , he finally fully articulated the rationale behind the excessive use of alias_method_chain in Rails , which he says is to keep the code even more " modular " .
Let 's take a look at some of the claims :
Rails is not actually that large
They count all lines including comments and whitespace in Ruby files , thus punishing well - documented and formatted code
They count tests , thus punishing well - tested code
They count bundled dependencies , thus punishing dependency - free code
As I said yesterday , I did not actually include comments and whitespace .
I specifically provided the command that I used , which removed whitespace - only lines and comment - only lines .
In fact , the comment by bitsweat ( a member of the Rails Core team ) which started this back - and - forth erroneously included comments in Merb 's count , when merb - core has about 1 line of comment per line of code .
This is why Jeremy incorrectly thought that merb - core was over 15,000 lines of code .
Neither Jeremy nor I counted tests .
I 'm not sure which LOC - count he 's referring to .
I did in fact make this mistake , but I disagree with the assertion that bundling dependencies makes code more " modular " .
For example , bundling xml - simple in Rails causes a conflict with gems that require a newer version of xml - simple than the one bundled with Rails .
Conversely , merb - haml has a haml dependency , which means that users can use newer versions of Haml that are released between Merb releases .
This statement by David actually teases out a fundamental difference of opinion between Rails and Merb .
In effect , Rails prefers to bundle everything to reduce dependencies , while Merb prefers to use the existing Rubygems system so that applications can use different versions of the " bundled " dependencies .
Additionally , we do n't want to be maintaining bitrotted versions of things like tmail .
We 'd prefer to rely on gems created by experts in their niche who can maintain , and more importantly , fix bugs in , their code .
We fully admit that our approach pushes the limits of Rubygems , but that has forced us to work with rubygems to improve a core piece of Ruby infrastructure .
Rails is actually pretty modular
First , Rails can include almost as much or as little of the six major pieces as you prefer .
The arguments made here almost defy reason , but let 's go through some of them .
Absolutely .
I 've referred to this in the past as the Lego vs. Duplo philosophy .
Rails has added in a feature to allow you to remove entire blocks of functionality , but is n't built on an architecture that lets you granularly opt - out .
Granular opt - out allows you to reuse foundational code without buying into the full set of opinionated defaults .
One example of this is our auth system , which allows you to reuse the base auth code , which simply allows you to define strategies inside of a framework , even if you do n't want to use our built - in strategies or login views .
Granular opt - out builds a community around chunks of code that can be swapped in ; having an auth core makes it easy to share small , simple authentication strategies between users of Merb .
The next part is the part that makes me incredulous .
According to David , because Rails is spread across many files , it is " modular " .
He describes how you would go about granularly removing certain features :
I do n't normally link to the World Nut Daily , but I could not resist this story .
22 - year - old Jesse Kilgore killed himself .
His family and friends blame a college biology course and the Richard Dawkins book ' The God Delusion ' .
They claim Kilgore was an passionate Christian apologist who lost his faith .
They point to his blogging as proof of his faith .
" Three people told us he had taken a biology class and was doing well in it , but other students and the professor were really challenging my son , his faith .
They did n't like him as a Republican , as a Christian , and as a conservative who believed in intelligent design , " the grief - stricken father , Keith Kilgore , told WND about his son , Jesse .
According to a witness , the ‘ only other Christian ’ at Jefferson Community College suggested that the biology course and The God Delusion were enough to cause Kilgore to loose his faith , which ultimately lead to his suicide .
Kilgore ’s father places the blame on the public school system .
He suggests that the only rational course of action for Christians is to abandon public schools .
Of course , the father does not accept any responsibility for the influence he might have had on his son .
What … with his being a fundie nutball retired military chaplain , and apparently is completely steeped in the ‘ Christian are under attack ” rhetoric so common to fundies these days .
How about this instead .
Jesse Kilgore killed himself because of , mental illness , depression , drugs , girls or maybe boys , guilt , poor grades , or… maybe because he just woke up one day without faith and realized he could not confront his overbearing father .
Perhaps the environment in which he was raised was not welcoming to rational thought …
And one last thing , The God Delusion put me to sleep .
Why would anyone kill themself over a book .?
Hat Tip : StopTheMormons
British TV attempts to summarize case for 9/11 truth David Edwards and Stephen C. Webster
Published : Monday November 10 , 2008
Print This Email This The UK's Independent Television News dedicated a short segment of a Monday broadcast to briefly explaining several core tent poles of the 9/11 truth movement .
" With new figures showing almost 150 million Web pages devoted to 9/11 conspiracies , here are the big three so - called plot holes in the official version , " announced a narrator .
" One theory is that the collapse of both the twin towers was caused not by the impact of the planes and subsequent fires , but by controlled demolitions .
Theorists point to the uniform crumbling of individual floors in each tower . "
The narrator also mentioned a more obscure 9/11 theory : that the planes which hit the WTC towers had ' shaped charge warheads ' in their nosecones .
Perhaps the most widely discussed theory , that there was no plane crash at the Pentagon , is also mentioned , with evidence cited as the lack of debris and the small impact hole .
The program also mentions that the FBI has refused to release video footage of the object impacting the Pentagon , but failed to disclose how many cameras captured it .
Specifically , the FBI confiscated 85 video tapes which may contain footage of the attack .
The program also outlines questions about the alleged crash in Shanksville , PA. , citing eyewitness reports of debris raining down across a wide area , as if the aircraft had been shot down by a missile .
Strangely absent was any attempt to summarize questions surrounding the collapse of World Trade Center 7 : a highly significant event to 9/11 truth activists , still rife with questions even after the recent National Institute of Standards and Technology report .
This video is from ITN , broadcast November 10 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Though not fully submerged , the “ Underwater City ” in Bulgaria is “ a town built in the middle of a lake , not on an island , but actually below water level . ”
Click here for one more picture .
This is going to be done via the construction of a huge circular dike that ’ll be a whopping 1,377 feet in diameter and 65 feet high .
People will be able to access the recessed city by boat , heading down into it to see the city .
Before joining the euro , the Central Bank of Cyprus only allowed banks to use up to 30 percent of their foreign deposits to support local lending , a measure designed to prevent sizeable deposits from Greeks and Russians fuelling a bubble .
When Cyprus joined the single European currency , Greek and other euro area deposits were reclassified as domestic , leading to billions more local lending , Pambos Papageorgiou , a member of Cyprus 's parliament and a former central bank board member said .
The EBA figures showed 30 percent ( 11 billion euros ) of Bank of Cyprus ' total loan book was wrapped up in Greece by December 2010 , as was 43 percent ( or 19 billion euros ) of Laiki's , which was then known as Marfin Popular .
More striking was the bank 's exposure to Greek debt .
At the time , Bank of Cyprus 's 2.4 billion euros of Greek debt was enough to wipe out 75 percent of the bank 's total capital , while Laiki 's 3.4 billion euros exposure outstripped its 3.2 billion euros of total capital .
Whatever the motive , the Greek exposure defied country risk standards typically applied by central banks ; a clause in Cyprus ' EU / IMF December memorandum of understanding explicitly requires the banks to have more diversified portfolios of higher credit quality .
" That ( the way the exposures were allowed to build ) was a problem of supervision , " said Papageorgiou , who was a member of the six - man board of directors of the central bank at the time .
The board , which met less than once a month , never knew how much Greek debt the banks were holding , both Papageorgiou and another person with direct knowledge of the situation told Reuters .
The New Zealand dollar tumbled almost a cent against the US dollar after the Reserve Bank said interest rates will remain at a record low through this year .
The bank also hinted at a cut to the official cash rate if the currency was higher than justified by economic fundamentals .
The kiwi fell to 81.66 US cents from 82.60 cents immediately before the statement .
This is the interesting point
Local property prices rose 7.6 percent last month on increasing sales numbers , according to Real Estate Institute figures .
New Zealand 's property market gains have been driven by a lack of supply in its biggest city , Auckland , and as the Canterbury rebuild gets underway .
" House price inflation is increasing and the bank does not want to see financial stability or inflation risks accentuated by housing demand getting too far ahead of supply , " Mr Wheeler says .
The Reserve Bank estimates house prices increased in real terms at an annual pace of 6 percent last year , and will rise 6.2 percent and 3.6 percent this year and the next .
Although following an earthquake there is a genuine supply problem , this is not the real driver of the real estate market .
You will notice that the interest rates are relatively high in comparison with other Western economies .
The chart and quote below come from the
The US Dollar cross rate should be interpreted as one New Zealand dollar buying x US dollars .
The TWI ( Trade - weighted index ) is the nominal NZ dollar exchange rate weighted 50/50 by New Zealand 's trade with its major trading partners and the nominal GDPs ( in US dollars ) of those countries .
The graph shows monthly averages .
In October 2000 the New Zealand dollar reached record lows , dropping below 40 cents per NZD .
However , after 2002 , the currency strengthened considerably , reflecting a strong domestic economy , rising export commodity prices and associated increases in interest rates .
The TWI behaved very similarly to the US dollar cross rate over most of the decade .
In 2008 , continuing financial market uncertainties and a deteriorating global economic outlook saw many investors move into perceived ' safe - haven ' currencies such as the USD .
As a result the NZD fell sharply against the USD and other currencies in the TWI ( the Japanese Yen and Euro in particular ) , but these falls proved to be quite shortlived .
In part that reflected the way in which New Zealand was hit less hard in the recession than many of the countries whose currencies make up the TWI .
In a small economy like New Zealand , here is the problem .
They currently have what looks like a
The country 's average salary of $ 45,000 was more than double that of many lower - income families who struggled to pay rent , Mr Evans said .
" Once you 've paid rent and power bills and put petrol in the car so you can get to work , there 's not much left over for food . "
And then we have
The New Zealand property market rebounded from the seasonal lull in listings over the summer break with 13,145 new listings coming to the market in February .
Auckland saw its average asking price exceed $ 600,000 for the third time , while Canterbury ’s figure surpassed $ 400,000 , for the fourth time .
It is very clear that the underlying driver of house prices is not wages , as there is a mismatch between income and house prices .
Although there may be some supply issues within the house prices ( in particular in Christchurch ) , this would not explain this disconnect between salary and house price .
The real driver is that there is an oversupply of credit into the market .
To put this simply , if there is 100 units of credit chasing 100 units , and then we increase the supply of credit to 130 units without changing the supply of units , then we will see the cost of each unit increase .
Note , nothing has changed in the quality of the units ; just by increasing supply of credit is sufficient to increase prices .
Although following an earthquake there is a genuine supply problem , this is not the real driver of the real estate market .
You will notice that the interest rates are relatively high in comparison with other Western economies .
The chart and quote below come from the New Zealand Reserve Bank
In a small economy like New Zealand , here is the problem .
They currently have what looks like a real estate bubble
And then we have this
It is very clear that the underlying driver of house prices is not wages , as there is a mismatch between income and house prices .
Although there may be some supply issues within the house prices ( in particular in Christchurch ) , this would not explain this disconnect between salary and house price .
The real driver is that there is an oversupply of credit into the market .
To put this simply , if there is 100 units of credit chasing 100 units , and then we increase the supply of credit to 130 units without changing the supply of units , then we will see the cost of each unit increase .
Note , nothing has changed in the quality of the units ; just by increasing supply of credit is sufficient to increase prices .
This is why the central bank is not in control .
For those unfamiliar with the idea of the carry trade , it works like this .
I borrow extremely cheaply in the US with effective 0 % interest rates , and then lend that same money into another economy with higher interest rates .
I take a risk on the currency in so doing , but the rewards are potentially very high .
Even better , if lots of people are doing the same thing as me , the demand for $ NZ is increasing and this leads to currency appreciation .
Even better , the new money entering the economy creates a positive uptick in the New Zealand economy , and this further strengthens the currency .
This is exactly what is taking place in New Zealand now
The economy grew faster than expected through the tail end of last year , underpinned by the Canterbury rebuild , and that stronger domestic demand is seen as creating medium - term inflationary pressures , even as consumer prices remain subdued in the foreseeable future , the bank says in the monetary policy statement .
" Monetary policy settings must balance this low near - term inflation outlook and concerns about the exchange rate and weak labour market , against increasing signs that output will accelerate and inflationary pressures will pick up . "
New Zealand food prices fell 0.3 percent last month , led by seasonally cheaper fruit and vegetables and discounted meat , according to government figures published yesterday .
Food prices account for about 19 percent of the consumer price index , which was tracking below the central bank 's target 1 percent to 3 percent band in the December quarter at 0.9 percent .
The bank sees the annual pace of inflation staying at 0.9 percent until the September quarter this year , rising the mid-point of its band in latter half of 2015 .
Medium - term pressures are expected to come in the housing and construction sectors , with the risks skewed to the upside , it said .
Banking regulators ; they fail , fail , fail and fail time and time again when it matters Policy makers only have limited influence on an economy , and the degree of that influence is often far less than is perceived .
The size of the economy in relation to capital markets determines the influence .
Carry trade bubbles are self - reinforcing , and even more so when removed from currency risk Real estate bubbles are economic weapons of mass destruction , and appear to be primarily derived from carry trade activity Developing an oversize financial services industry is fatal .
What we are seeing is a grand experiment , in which economists and policymakers are attempting to structure wealth in economies by fiat .
As each lever is pulled , as each policy is enacted , there are ripples through the world economy .
Flooding $ US into the markets whilst holding interest rates low sees the export of $ US popping up and creating bubbles elsewhere .
Backstopping the mortgage market sees foreclosures reduced , but at the risk of calling into question ( contributing to doubts about ) the financial viability of the state .
Holding the value of the RMB down leads to greater trade imbalances .
Each policy has a consequence , and each policy interacts with the policy pursued by every other government .
In other words , as each lever is pulled , the consequences defeat the intention of the lever puller .
For example , if the trade imbalances destroy the economic stability of the destination of Chinese exports , where will this leave the Chinese economy ?
The more each state pulls on the levers , the greater the turbulence between each of the economies .
The world economy is a dynamic system , such that policy in one country impacts on the economy of another country , which then reacts with its own policy provisions , which then impact upon other countries .
It is an endless cycle of reactivity , with each reaction driving further reaction , and developing an increasingly unstable system as each country enacts ever more dramatic policy to counter or ameliorate the effects of the policies of other countries .
In order to understand the current problems in Cyprus , it is first necessary to know how the mess arose in the first place .
Reuters have a very good background article here , and I will use it extensively .
The ' series of events ' that led up to the crisis commences with Cyprus joining the Euro zone : Following the 2008 crisis , this conservative reputation was to lead to money flowing into the banks in Cyprus as a ' safe haven ' .
The problem was that the money arriving has nowhere productive to go , so mirroring what had taken place in other economies ( e.g. the US ) , the money ended up in real estate , fuelling a bubble in real estate prices .
However , this flow of money could not all be absorbed in real estate , with the Cyprus banks growing at a rate totally divorced from the wider economy .
Due to historical ties , the destination of choice for the inward flow of money was an outwards flow towards Greece :
There is considerable more detail that could be added , such as the high returns offered by Cypriot banks , but also underlying the high risk speculation is a finger pointing at lax regulation by the central bank :
It seems that , when reflecting on the lead up to the current mess , the factors that drove the crisis forwards are oddly familiar .
If looking at the US crisis , floods of money were pouring into the US in the lead up to the crisis , with that money over - spilling into the real estate market , and thus causing a bubble .
Just as in the US , the central bank was happy as long as everyoneto be getting richer .
In both cases , it was a flood of overseas money entering the economy that underpinned the problems ( e.g. see here ) .
There is an important point in this story , and it a point that does not receive enough attention .
There is a widespread misconception that the politicians and policy makers are in control of their own economies .
However , this is a myth .
They may have influence on their own economy , but they do not control it .
The problems in Cyprus are derived from excessive capital flows , and just as happened in the US , when faced with a wall of money , the Cypriot banks were not going to turn it away , but find a home for it .
Thus there is a real estate boom , and this will then drive the Cyprus economy into apparent growth , as ever more money chases a limited supply of real estate , and paper gains in value of real estate create economic growth , without any real underlying increase in the output of the economy .
Instead , the increase in output is simply the result of excess credit appearing in the economy .
The difference in the Cypriot and US examples is that the small size of the economy serves to exagerate the same effect .
When the Fed acts , it is acting on an economy which is relatively large in relation to the flows of capital throughout the world , so is more influential .
In the case of a small economy like Cyprus , the actions of policy makers are swamped by the influence of that same capital .
Similarly , the US real estate market was so large , that it was able to absorb a large amount of capital .
In other words , it is a similar process that took place , but with differences in degree of effect .
We can see a similar process taking effect in other economies .
For example , in New Zealand ( population about 6 million ) , the central bank labours under the illusion that it has some control over the New Zealand economy through interest rates targets Again , the Christchurch rebuild is undoubtedly a factor , but so is the entry of new credit into the economy .
Note that inflation is subdued .
If you have currency appreciation , imports become cheaper , and this will help keep inflation in check .
Into this interesting bubble scenario , we have the role of the central bank .
The brief fall in the $ NZ was probably due to previous speculation that the interest rate would be raised to tame the house price bubble .
However , had the central bank increased interest rates , the impact would have been to make New Zealand even more attractive to the carry trade , and thus have the opposite effect to the one intended .
The problem is that , in keeping a low interest rate target , there is nothing to pop the bubble in house prices .
In other words , until such time as the carry trade winds down , there is nothing that the central bank can do which will tame the house price bubble , with the associated problems that will develop from the bubble .
In other words , the New Zealand economy is in the hands of others .
For example , if a large economy such as the US targets 0 % interest , this will lead to carry trade activity , and this will impact on other economies such as New Zealand .
Whether New Zealand is a carry trade destination is determined by New Zealand interest rates , but they are determined by factors such as the currency , and the current levels of credit entering the economy .
Most importantly , there is the speculation of the capital markets , based upon exchange rate risk , and the exchange rate risk is determined in part by the speculation , and this is divorced from the underlying economy of New Zealand , as their own collective actions are determining the value of the currency .
For the carry trade , it is all about timing .
Getting in early , and getting out before it unwinds is the key .
The more new entrants into the carry trade , the higher the currency appreciation , the more profit to be made .
However , the credit creates an artificial boom in the economy , which can rapidly turn to bust as credit based growth starts to reach saturation , and the situation unwinds , including currency depreciation .
The carry trader needs to get out before this takes place .
Returning to Cyprus , the key difference is that Cyprus is a Euro economy which meant that , in consideration of the size of Cyprus , the state of the economy had no influence whatsoever on the value of the currency .
This disassociation between the underlying economy and the currency , and the wall of money being thrown at the economy , means that there was no currency derived time ' to get out ' excepting where the Euro area was perceived to be at risk .
This and the reputation for being conservative but providing outsize returns , made Cyprus an attractive destination .
The key to the outsized returns was , in turn , the result of lax bank regulation .
Regulation gave an illusion of stability , but it was no more than this ; an illusion .
Cyprus had only one means to control the situation , which was central bank regulation .
However , just as with the many cases in recent history , when a flood of money enters into an economy , the economy booms , the regulators always seem to look the other way .
Whilst things are ' good ' , they suddenly freeze , and fail to act .
We have now seen this so many times that it is becoming sadly comedic .
However , the illusion that all is okay due to regulation always remains , and ultimately contributes significantly to the growth of the problem .
However , one element of the Cyprus problem was not derived from central bank regulation , which was the property bubble .
It has yet to unwind fully .
However , we can see it time and time again ; when a flood of money arrives in an economy , with nowhere productive to go , real estate is the destination of choice .
This in turn creates a boom , and a boom that , in the end is unsustainable , being derived not from underlying economic growth , but in increased consumption .
As Krugman ( goodness , am I referencing Krugman ? ) points out , this led to a 15 % of GDP current account deficit in 2008
Is this all sounding all too familiar ?
It should be , because what we are seeing is an exaggerated picture of the reality of many economies .
I will pick out the key points :
With regards to point ( 2 ) , even though the US economy is huge , we can see the carry trade undermining the policy of the central bank .
As fast as new money is pumped into the economy , it leaks out through carry trade activity and creates mayhem in other economies .
A long time ago ( January , 2010 ) I discussed ' the Masters of the Universe ' who suffered the illusion of control over their economies :
One of the points that I made all that time ago was that the US crisis that emerged in 2008 was , in part , derived from the Japanese Yen carry trade , which was driven by the Japanese bank printing money .
When we look at small economies , such as New Zealand and Cyprus , we can see the policy spill - over from other countries more clearly .
Whilst there are some very clear differenced between the two economies , they share a single common characteristic ; the policy makers are not in control .
Furthermore , it is apparent that , as I long ago suggested , policy makers are resorting to ever more dramatic policies ( e.g. QE Infinity in the US ) , and we will no doubt see this generate even greater instabilities in the global economy , and also in the lever pulling countries .
It leaves us with the troubling question of how the global economy might look as these ever more extreme policies generate yet more extreme policy in response ?
It is a worrying question , but those ' in control ' of policy have yet to even recognise their own position in the world economy , let alone think through the answer to this question .
Note : Thank you Lemming for the comment that prompted this post .
Please accept my apologies for not posting , but I have been working 7 days a week again , and could not face more time in front of the computer .
I will try to post more regularly , but my work is consuming me at present .
Note 2 : I did think about commenting on the ' haircut ' policy , but thought that the question of lack of control was more interesting .
I hope you agree .
Not having the luxury of the dishwasher at home makes you realize how fast dishes can pile up and leads to such a messy kitchen .
Aside from the fact that hand washing your dishes surely takes up huge amount of time and energy that even having a fail - proof system for conquering your tower of plates and coffee mugs are useless , there ’s this doubt in your mind that will certainly eat you away asking if after all the effort you exerted were your dishes actually cleaned .
But no need to worry !
For everyone out there who is on Team Hand Wash and does n’t want to be bothered by the problem of needing a dishwasher when in fact you can do it on your own , life without one surely does n’t have to be very much complicated and stressful .
So here are some helpful tips for you to be assured that you are really getting your dishes rinsed and clean .
Number one is to use hot water and dish soap to eliminate the greasy feel on the dishes .
Since removing leftover food from your dishes has always been the first step to an effective hand - washing system , hot water will be the key in this phase — but then , make sure that the heat is n’t intended to truly sanitize your dishes .
The required temperature for bacteria to die is well above your tap could ever go and is likely higher than what your skin can take .
Using hot water is truly effective in sterilizing and purifying your dishes for it to be germ - free .
Number two will be to always keep in mind that the cleaners item should come first since when you ’re hand - washing the dishes , order truly matters .
This is to avoid the germs to disseminate or the food particles to spread , and also to keep …
A Mormon church in Littleton , Colorado had a Book of Mormon burned on the church 's doorstep Tuesday night .
The Denver Channel reports here with text and video on the incident .
A couple of men were sitting in a vehicle in the parking lot prior to the incident , and witnesses do n't believe they were church members .
It is suspected that the arson was committed against this church because of the stand taken by the Mormon Church in support of California 's marriage protection amendment , Proposition 8 .
Since the measure passed in last week 's election , there have been several incidents of anger , violence and disruption .
These incidents have included racial epithets hurled at black people ( blacks supported the measure 70 % - 30 % ) , disruption of a church service by homosexual activists , stealing and vandalizing private property , intimidating and assaulting an old lady with a cross , and public calls for violence and murder against Prop 8 supporters .
We have n't seen a whole lot of " tolerance " from the apostles of tolerance from the homosexual community lately .
Homosexual activists have put their best face forward in recent decades , in accordance with the positive PR strategy advised by " After the Ball , " a book written by homosexual activists advising the homosexual community to hide its undesirable elements and present a positive image .
However , it seems that when the people assert " government of the people " and wrest public policy from homosexual activists and their judicial activist allies , all that composure goes flying out the window and we see what really lies beneath : pride , arrogance and a whole lot of hate .
They do n't care about " government of the people , by the people and for the people . "
They do n't care about representative democracy .
They do n't care about the rule of law .
They do n't care about constitutions .
They do n't care about what 's good for children .
They do n't care about what 's best for society .
They do n't care about natural behavior .
They do n't care about morality .
They do n't care about living as the Creator created us to and told us to .
All they care about is what they want .
And while those sensors may have been connected to a siren or flashing lights , the real benefit to having an alarm has always been that someone will call the police when it goes off .
For many years , that was also something the alarm companies were happy to provide — witness the countless television ads that have featured thoughtful and hyper - competent people staffing an alarm company ’s command HQ , ready to call the police and offer reassurance to the homeowner .
As King Gillette discovered with razors and cellphone providers have popularized with monthly fees , the real money to be made in alarms is not in the hardware — it ’s in the monitoring .
The hardware can be subsidized by the security company almost to the point where it is free , but paying an alarm service about $ 30 a month for years and years to watch over your system more than makes those companies whole .
Newer systems , however , can reduce the total cost of alarm ownership .
Instead of relying on installers to rewire the house , new “ security systems in a box ” use a combination of battery , wireless and cellular technology to make installation simple and quick for most homeowners .
Some systems can even bypass monitoring firms directly and contact the owner instead of a third party when the alarm is set off .
One such system is sold by InGrid Home Security .
The basic package , available for $ 199 at ingridhome.com , includes an alarm console , a phone that doubles as an alarm control and three window or door sensors .
The entire kit fits in a box about as big as a shoebox .
The sensors stick to doors and windows with sticky tape and are completely wireless .
They are powered by tiny watch batteries and connect automatically with a few taps on the cordless handset .
You can monitor the system online , even taking video and images using an optional video camera .
The system took about an hour to install in a two - story home .
No tools were necessary but there were a few snags while activating sensors and base stations .
The monitoring service costs $ 20 a month and discounts are available with a yearly contract .
A video camera costs $ 130 and temperature and water sensors — for basements or unattended summer homes — cost $ 60 each .
The service offers 24 - hour monitoring as well as access to video feeds over the Internet .
Smoke and siren detectors cost $ 100 and $ 50 respectively .
LaserShield , another company offering a monitoring and hardware package , focuses more on motion detectors in the home .
The starter kit , which costs $ 200 and is available at lasershield .
net , includes a motion sensor and keychain remote .
It requires a standard telephone connection for monitoring and for sending alerts ; monitoring costs an additional $ 20 a month .
You can control the system through a Web site .
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) -- Maurice " Hank " Greenberg , the legendary former chief executive of AIG , declined to answer questions Saturday from the New York Attorney General 's office about his role in a controversial transaction between AIG and another insurer .
Instead , Greenberg invoked his Fifth Amendment rights , his defense lawyer confirmed .
Questions about the deal led to Greenberg 's forced retirement from the once - mighty insurance giant three years ago .
Since 2005 , lawyers on Greenberg 's civil defense team had insisted that their client was eager to testify about the transaction , a reinsurance deal that AIG made with Berkshire Hathaway 's ( BRKB ) Gen Re unit .
They said repeatedly that as long as he was provided with the results of AIG 's internal investigation of the deal - which he eventually was - he would answer all of state regulators ' questions .
Greenberg 's chance to testify finally came on Saturday , but he declined .
It was a stunning turnaround for a man who along with associates has spent just shy of a quarter of a billion dollars in legal and public relations fees to tell his side of the story and clear his name .
The questions involved Greenberg 's role in a phony $ 500 million reinsurance transaction with General Re that masked a problem with AIG 's loss reserves .
The transaction generated intense regulatory scrutiny and resulted in then - New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer suing Greenberg and his former chief financial officer Howard Smith for civil fraud .
The civil case is now being pursued by Spitzer 's successor , New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo .
In February , federal prosecutors in Hartford and Washington , D.C. won criminal convictions of four senior Gen Re managers involved in the transaction , including the company 's former chief executive and former chief financial officer , as well as a close Greenberg AIG associate , Christopher Milton .
Greenberg 's lawyers say that any wrongdoing happened on the General Re side .
Greenberg , 83 , insisted to Fortune that he merely initiated the idea of a legitimate deal , moving on to more pressing matters shortly after he broached the subject .
( Greenberg was the subject of a recent Fortune feature , " Hank 's last stand . " )
The New York office of the Securities and Exchange Commission issued Greenberg a so - called Wells Notice in May of this year , an indication that the staff was strongly considering recommending civil charges be filed against him in connection with the deal .
Settlement talks break down
The issue of whether Greenberg would or would not testify in the New York Attorney General 's case was hotly debated by his criminal and civil defense teams .
His civil defense lawyers , led by Boies , Schiller & Flexner 's David Boies and Nicholas Gravante , had supported their client 's desire to testify , arguing that a refusal to talk would hurt his chances in ongoing civil litigation .
Robert Morvillo , his criminal lawyer , argued that testifying increased Greenberg 's chance of indictment .
Greenberg , until recently , seemed inclined to follow Boies ' and Gravante 's advice .
In three and a half days of depositions over the last month , Greenberg testified at length about other accounting matters at AIG that are also part of New York 's civil complaint .
But he and his lawyers kept postponing the interrogation on the Gen Re matter until Saturday , citing AIG 's collapse and a sudden illness that left Greenberg bedridden .
In a statement to Fortune , Morvillo said : " The continued investment of resources for the last three and a half years by the U.S. Department of Justice in a reinsurance transaction between AIG and Gen Re , which had no impact on the earnings or revenues of either company , and which took place eight years ago , in the current atmosphere of huge corporate defalcations and misdeeds threatening the economic security of the United States indicates a troubling lack of perspective . "
He added , " As a result , I have advised Mr. Greenberg that he should decline to testify on this subject matter until such time as a semblance of fairness in injected into this process . "
Several times over the last six months , Greenberg and the New York Attorney General 's office seemed close to settlement .
Greenberg , before AIG ( AIG , Fortune 500 ) shares collapsed after a government - mandated $ 85 billion bailout , was willing to pay at least $ 100 million to resolve the matter , but he refused to agree to allow the payments to be described as a penalty or fine and wanted to have a say in how the money would be spent , according to people familiar with the negotiations .
S.F. voters surprisingly conservative on issues
Bruce Reyes - Chow came 10 minutes before 7:00 am to vote at 107 Congo St. in San Francisco , Calif. , on Tuesday , November 4 , 2008 .
Bruce Reyes - Chow came 10 minutes before 7:00 am to vote at 107 Congo St. in San Francisco , Calif. , on Tuesday , November 4 , 2008 .
Photo : Liz Hafalia , The Chronicle Photo : Liz Hafalia , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close S.F. voters surprisingly conservative on issues 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
It sounds like a stereotypical San Franciscan 's dream : spend big on affordable housing , explore public power , decriminalize prostitution , vote against the military in schools - and , like icing on the political cake , name a sewage treatment plant after George Bush .
But none of that happened .
Despite the city 's far - left reputation , San Franciscans defeated a host of liberal ballot measures and voted in favor of keeping JROTC in the public schools .
And perhaps even more surprisingly , 1 in 4 voters voted to ban same - sex marriage .
" There 's a real , solid conservative vein in San Francisco , " said political consultant Jim Ross , who said he saw numerous Yes on Prop.
8 lawn signs while driving through the west side of the city .
In addition to conservative Republicans , it is thought that support for the same - sex marriage ban came from some Latinos , African Americans , and Chinese Americans who may have voted for religious reasons .
So why do n't we hear from that portion of the city more often ?
" If you 're a conservative , a real conservative in San Francisco , you 're so alienated and so marginalized , you just do n't have a voice in the process , " said Ross , who said he was especially surprised the affordable housing measure is losing .
" I thought giving away affordable housing would be like giving away cold beer on a hot day , " he said with a laugh .
The outcomes for the Board of Supervisors races , however , appear to have gone the exact opposite way .
In the three swing districts , the more left - leaning candidates - Eric Mar in District One , David Chiu in District Three and John Avalos in District 11 - are all winning .
Because of the ranked - choice voting system , results wo n't be available until at least Friday .
Political consultant David Latterman said voters want " neighborhood guys , their man on the street " to represent them at the Board of Supervisors , but look at citywide ballot measures with a more centrist bent - especially in tough economic times .
" Citywide , it 's not the time to tinker , " he said .
The Department of Elections still has tens of thousands of ballots to count , including 16,000 provisional ballots and 27,000 mail - in ballots dropped off at polling places Tuesday .
In addition , only mail - in ballots and early voting ballots that were submitted by Saturday have been counted so far .
Board of Supervisors President Aaron Peskin said 130,000 ballots are still outstanding , though the elections staff would n't confirm that number .
That means Proposition B , which would authorize spending $ 30 million annually on affordable housing , could still win .
But so far , it 's losing by about 1 percent .
The other most - watched ballot measures are unlikely to see their outcomes changed .
Supervisor Chris Daly said many ballot measures lost - including Mayor Gavin Newsom 's special court to prosecute quality - of - life crimes , which got trounced - because they represented new programs and new spending .
" You did n't see a litmus test around liberal or conservative , " he said .
" You saw the electorate rejecting new proposals ... new items with associated spending based on economic conditions and the meltdown of the global financial systems . "
In what may be a first , Leo Lacayo , a member of the San Francisco Republican County Central Committee , agreed with Daly 's premise .
The third - generation San Franciscan , who lives near Mount Davidson in the southwest portion of the city , said he gets tired of the people who come to the city in their 20s voting ideologically .
This time , he thinks , voters were more cautious because of the economy .
" They do n't really have a stake in the city - they do n't own property , they do n't own businesses , " he said .
" They pass all these crazy ideas and then they leave town and stick the bill with the taxpayer .
But because money 's tight , even people who do n't have a stake in the city said , ' Wait a minute . ' "
Tami Bryant , a delegate to the San Francisco Labor Council who lives in the Western Addition , did n't have a great election night locally .
She voted for affordable housing , public power , decriminalizing prostitution , renaming the sewage plant and against JROTC .
She was surprised none of that went her way , and even more surprised to hear some co-workers say they 'd voted for Prop .
8 .
" I have conversations that surprise me .
Here I am living in San Francisco , and I 'm talking to Republicans and people who have very right - wing ideas , " she said .
" But sometimes we have to find common ground with people who think differently than us . "
Posted by Sir Cucumber at on Monday , November 24 , 2008
Not a day goes by at my job that I do n't want to burn the building down .
These feelings are normal ; these feelings are natural .
But they 'll get you nowhere .
Just take a deep breath and a moment in the bathroom with your psp .
Not everyone takes pride in their work or asks questions or cares to see the big picture .
That 's just the way it is .
You 'll say up , they 'll jump right .
You say right , they 'll jump down .
Nothing you can do but accept it and try not to fall off the edge .
Either that or find a new game to play , and believe me , you 'd be the first .
Mr Phillips does not support all - black shortlists A British equivalent of Barack Obama would find it extremely difficult to become prime minister , the head of the UK equality watchdog has said .
Trevor Phillips , chairman of the Equality and Human Rights Commission , told the Times the problem would not be voters but the political " machine " .
He claimed even someone of Mr Obama 's talent would struggle because the system was biased against change .
He said it was harder to reach the top for those who " did not fit the mould " .
Mr Phillips told the Times : " If Barack Obama had lived here I would be very surprised if even somebody as brilliant as him would have been able to break through the institutional stranglehold that there is on power within the Labour Party . "
Labour said it had a " proud record of promoting ethnic minority candidates " .
It has 13 MPs from these backgrounds while the Conservatives have two and the Lib Dems presently have none .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
But Mr Philips described what he saw as " institutional resistance " to selecting black and Asian candidates .
Mr Phillips later told the BBC Radio 4
Today programme it would be very hard for people who were not the right gender , class or race to reach the very top because of the current political system in place .
He said : " That 's exactly the point that has been made about systemic bias - it is exactly the point that this , that what is thought , what 's called - it's not a phrase I use , by the way - institutional racism .
" But it 's a point about the fact that systems can sometimes work in such a way that , in spite of everybody 's goodwill , in spite of the fact that everybody wants it to change , it does n't change . "
The parties ... are all very happy to sign up to the general idea of advancing the cause of minorities but in practice they would like somebody else to do the business
Trevor Phillips Could Britain have a black PM ?
Send us your comments
He also said he did not think the public " would be at all resistant to electing a black prime minister .
" In fact I think in this new age , following what 's happened this week , they would rather like it , " he added .
" My point is that it 's very difficult for people who do n't fit a certain mould - and that is to do with gender , it 's to do with race and it's to do with class - to find their way into the outer reaches of politics . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
In the Times , Mr Phillips said it was no coincidence that there were only 15 ethnic minority MPs .
" The parties and unions and think tanks are all very happy to sign up to the general idea of advancing the cause of minorities but in practice they would like somebody else to do the business , " he added .
But Under - Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government Sadiq Khan said Labour 's system of choosing candidates and its party leader reflected minority representation .
He also said he believed the British electorate could elect a black prime minister .
He told the BBC : " I work with very talented , very able black politicians and I know from talking to constituents around the country , that our constituents are very sophisticated and we judge our politicians by their policies not by the colour of their skin . "
' Giving an edge ' Mr Phillips said he believed the Conservatives had performed better than Labour in increasing the number of black and Asian parliamentary candidates .
" [ The Conservatives ] are less democratic .
They are happier to impose candidates on the local parties . "
Mr Phillips went on to say that he opposed all - black shortlists for parliamentary candidates because it would be difficult to define " black " or to decide where they should be imposed , but he said action was needed by all parties .
" Any positive action has to be based on giving people who are already competent a bit of an edge , " he said .
Last month Mr Phillips warned more help was needed for areas where there was a " white underclass " which had been " neglected " by existing equalities policies .
And in 2004 he argued multiculturalism belonged to a different era and that all citizens should " assert a core of Britishness " .
Responding to Mr Phillips ' claims , Labour said it continually reviewed its procedures to ensure its elected positions reflected British society .
A spokesman added : " This is the party that produced , among others , the first black woman MP , the first black minister , the first black woman minister , the first black Cabinet minister , the first black woman Cabinet minister and the first black woman mayor . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Take unused , unneeded , or expired prescription drugs out of their original containers
Mix the prescription drugs with an undesirable substance , such as coffee grounds or cat litter
Put the mixture in an empty can or sealable bags and throw in the trash
When possible , return prescription drugs to pharmaceutical take - back locations
Locations by State ( I will update as much as possible )
CVS announced yesterday that all of its 7,200 locations will now offer customers an affordable way to safely dispose of unused , expired or unwanted medications .
California :
Connecticut
Illinois
Maine
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Missouri
New York
Oregon
Utah
Vermont
Washington
If you know of locations that have take - back programs , please contact me so I can add them to this list .
As you can see , there are many states missing .
Please send any information to WorldEvolved@gmail.com
Most people have a cabinet or area in their home used to store medication .
I bet if you took a look in there you would find old , unused medications .
Unfortunately , thestill advises people to flush medicine down the sink or toliet or throw them in the garbage .
The truth is , flushing medications only leads the medication to end up back in our tap water and cause defects in animals .
Increasing amounts of prescription drugs and personal care products are being detected in U.S. rivers , waterways , and groundwater .
Wastewater treatment facilities are not equipped to “ filter out ” these chemicals , so drugs like antidepressants , cholesterol reducers and antibiotics are being detected in drinking water supplies .
The risk to humans and animals of long - term exposure to these contaminants in drinking water is unknown .
So what can we do with our unused and old medication ?
Luckily , " drug take back " programs are rising .
There are facilities that can and will take your unused and outdated medicines and properly dispose of them .
A lot of pharmacies are taking part in this .
I found that the majority of locations follow these rules :
Pill bottles , blister packs , ointment tubes , and leak - proof liquid containers are all acceptable .
Remove or black out any personal information on the label to protect your privacy , but make sure the drug name is still visible .
They do not accept scheduled drugs .
Police stations do take scheduled / controlled drugs .
If you do not see a location near you , please do not flush your medications .
Instead :** Update : Search CalRecyle for a locationPlease share / social - bookmark ( reddit , digg , stumble , facebook , myspace , etc ) below :
For Immediate Release :
October 31 , 2008 Court Orders Government to Submit Warrantless Surveillance Legal Opinions for Judicial Review Court refuses to accept blanket assertions of secrecy regarding DOJ surveillance opinions
For more information contact :
Meredith Fuchs - 202/994-7000
Washington D.C. , October 31 , 2008 - In an opinion issued today in a case brought by the National Security Archive , the American Civil Liberties Union and the Electronic Privacy Information Center , the United States District Court for the District of the Columbia ordered the Department of Justice to submit several legal opinions issued by the Department of Justice Office of Legal Counsel for in camera review .
The court explained that the “ [ Department of Justice ] has now had two opportunities to provide this court with sufficiently detailed affidavits to describe why the documents at issue are subject to the claimed exemptions , and why many documents must be withheld in full . ”
Finding the Justice Department explanations insufficient , the court is now ordering the records submitted for the court ’s review .
The opinion is available here .
A tiny response means spammers still cash in ( PA ) Spammers are turning a profit despite only getting one response for every 12.5 m e-mails they send , finds a study .
By hijacking a working spam network , US researchers have uncovered some of the economics of being a junk mailer .
The analysis suggests that such a tiny response rate means a big spam operation can turn over millions of pounds in profit every year .
It also suggests that spammers may be susceptible to attacks that make it more costly to send junk mail .
Slim pickings
The spam study was carried out in early 2008 by computer scientists from University of California , Berkeley and UC , San Diego ( UCSD ) .
For their month - long study the seven - strong team of computer scientists infiltrated the Storm network that uses hijacked home computers as relays for junk mail .
At its height Storm was believed to have more than one million machines under its control .
The team , led by Assistant Professor Stefan Savage from UCSD , took over a chunk of the Storm network to make it easier to run their study .
" The best way to measure spam is to be a spammer , " wrote the researchers in a paper describing their work .
They created several so - called " proxy bots " that acted as conduits of information between the command and control system for Storm and the hijacked home PCs that actually send out junk mail .
The team used these machines to control a total of 75,869 hijacked machines and routed their own fake spam campaigns through them .
The research team created a legitimate looking pharmacy site .
Two types of fake spam campaign were run through these machines .
One mimicked the way Storm spreads using viruses and the other tried to tempt people to visit a fake pharmacy site and buy a herbal remedy to boost their libido .
The fake pharmacy site was made to resemble those run by Storm 's real owners but always returned an error message when potential buyers clicked a button to submit their credit card details .
While running their spam campaigns the researchers sent about 469 million junk e-mail messages .
The vast majority of these were for the fake pharmacy campaign .
" After 26 days , and almost 350 million e-mail messages , only 28 sales resulted , " wrote the researchers .
The response rate for this campaign was less than 0.00001 % .
This is far below the average of 2.15 % reported by legitimate direct mail organisations .
" Taken together , these conversions would have resulted in revenues of $ 2,731.88 a bit over $ 100 a day for the measurement period , " said the researchers .
Scaling this up to the full Storm network the researchers estimate that the controllers of the vast system are netting about $ 7,000 ( £ 4,430 ) a day or more than $ 2 m ( £ 1.28 m ) per year .
While this was a good return , said the researchers , it did suggest that spammers were not making the vast sums of money that some people have predicted in the past .
They suggest that the tight costs might also open up new avenues of attack on spammers .
The researchers concluded : " The profit margin for spam may be meagre enough that spammers must be sensitive to the details of how their campaigns are run and are economically susceptible to new defences . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Apple 's 13 - inch MacBook
Air now comes with much faster storage , better battery life and slightly improved performance in other areas .
On the other hand , its display and design are beyond dated .
Update : did you know that there ’s a new MacBook Air ?
Check out our full review of the MacBook Air 2018 .
The MacBook Air was in a weird place for a while – it was stuck with the same design as the 2011 model , and featured 5th - generation Intel Core processors – several generations behind the MacBook Pro and MacBook .
However , even though it ’s been replaced , the MacBook Air 2017 is still the most affordable macOS Mojave laptop on the market .
This is n’t the fastest MacBook out there , but the MacBook Air 2017 is still good enough to handle most things you ’ll throw at it .
Whether you ’re surfing the web , doing some word processing or light photo editing , you ’ll find a lot to love with the MacBook Air 2017 .
The MacBook Air 2017 may just be one of the best laptops for anyone trying to break into the macOS ecosystem without emptying their savings account .
It may be a little old , but most everyday users will find a lot to love here .
Price and availability
While the model sent to us was a maxed out MacBook Air with the highest specs you could get at the time of its original writing , it currently comes in a wide range of different configurations .
The MacBook Air 2017 still starts at the relatively low price of $ 999 ( £ 949 , AU$ 1,499 ) , but you ’re looking at a 1.8 GHz Intel Core i5 processor , 8 GB of RAM and 128 GB of SSD space for that price .
This means the MacBook Air is still the most affordable way to get macOS on a laptop .
If you want to beef the MacBook Air up , you can upgrade the processor to a 2.2GHz Intel Core i7 processor and a 512GB SSD for a pretty penny more .
For that configuration , you ’re looking at a price of $ 1,549 ( £ 1,384 , AU$ 2,339 ) .
That ’s more than what the MacBook Pro starts out at for a frankly older set of components ( the MacBook Air has a 5th - generation Intel Core processor as opposed to the MacBook Pro ’s 8th - gen chip ) .
Frankly , compared to most modern laptops , the MacBook Air is woefully out of date , but it may still be worth it for anyone that needs long battery life and a ton of storage .
Design
For the most part , the MacBook Air pretty much looks the same as it has since 2010 , and there do n’t appear to be any changes in tow , either .
That ’s a shame , especially because we ’re starting to see a ton of bezel - less laptops with smaller footprints and high - resolution displays that put the MacBook Air in its place .
Forget the Dell XPS 13's physics - defying InfinityEdge display , which is light years ahead – even Apple 's 13 - inch MacBook Pro with Retina , once seen as slightly tubby compared to the Air , has a smaller footprint and takes up slightly less space on your lap .
The MacBook Air is also easy to clean – just get a damp cloth .
If there ’s one drawback , it ’s that the aluminum body is easy to scratch , which can leave permanent black marks , so you may want to buy a sleeve or a skin if you ’re going to carry it around .
At the end of the day , the old ‘ if it ai n’t broke ’ mantra applies – at least to a point .
The MacBook Air ’s aluminum unibody design , which supports the main enclosure and the display , is as durable as ever .
Its lid can be easily raised with a single finger and does n’t droop in any position , and you have to press really hard to detect flex on the machine ’s base or lid .
Bill Thomas and Gabe Carey have also contributed to this review
Controversial plans to downgrade ecstasy to a class B drug will be the subject of fierce debate on Tuesday , when the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs ( ACMD ) is presented with evidence on why the drug should remain class A .
The ACMD 's new chairman , Professor David Nutt , published a report in ' The Lancet ' last year that ranked the drug as less harmful than alcohol and tobacco .
But Professor Andy Parrott of Swansea University argues that it is at least as powerful as cocaine .
Writing in the latest issue of ' Addiction Today ' , Professor Parrott accuses the ACMD of proposing to downgrade ecstasy " without a full and very detailed consideration of the extensive scientific evidence on its damaging effects . "
The urban legend held dear by many conservatives that liberal academics at universities routinely - indeed , systematically - indoctrinate their students with leftwing politics has been dismissed as myth by a sheaf of new studies just published .
Fresh research carried out in the US on America 's universities has produced results purporting to show that students ' politics are not formed by their tutors .
Although American universities are indeed stuffed full of liberal and social democratic faculty , they do not try to turn their students into lefties , say the authors .
The new claims attempt to assuage the suspicions of conservatives - including many parents and politicians - who have long complained of brainwashing and bias on campus , even setting up bodies to monitor and expose alleged offenders .
Michael Barone , a fellow at the rightwing American Enterprise Institute , warns of a " liberal thugocracy " operating across the US varsity and extending into Barack Obama 's political machine .
He accuses liberals outside higher education of no less than taking their political " marching orders " from America 's colleges and universities .
" We are looking at an increasingly college - educated electorate and political campaign teams , so of course the liberal agenda comes through . "
Three separate sets of new research now conclude that academics have virtually no impact on the ideology of their students .
One study is by a husband and wife team of political scientists , Matthew Woessner , a prominent conservative and registered Republican , and April Kelly - Woessner , a liberal and registered Democrat .
" There is no evidence that a professor or lecturer 's views instigate political change among students , " says Woessner .
He is the only conservative of the five academics he works most closely with at Penn State University in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , and one of two conservatives out of the 20 who run his School of Public Affairs .
The couple 's study will be published in PS : Political Science and Politics , the journal of the American Political Science Association , next spring , bolstering a similar study published this year in PS , of 7,000 students and 38 institutions across the US , which drew largely the same conclusion .
The authors do not deny that the majority of academics are left of centre , and that many of them reveal their politics to students .
" But that is different from indoctrinating them with it , " says Kelly - Woessner , who works at nearby Elizabethtown College in Pennsylvania .
Their survey showed that students ' politics did shift at university , mostly towards the centre or slightly left .
But those who shifted left did not necessarily have left - leaning professors , they claim ; the change was more connected to their peers and what was going on outside the classroom .
Three earlier studies by the couple have produced similar conclusions .
Brainwashing fantasies
" In this one , we concentrated on political science classes - where you would think that politics would be most likely to rear its head and where only one in four faculty are Republican - and we still did not find indoctrination , " says Kelly - Woessner .
In fact , she believes that lecturers who try to convert their students are more likely to see a backlash than compliance .
George Mason University public policy professor Lee Fritschler and co-authors Jeremy Mayer and Bruce Smith have just published Closed Minds ?
Politics and Ideology in American Universities , in which they claim that the notion of students being turned left by the lecturers is " a fantasy " .
They cite age as the bigger factor , with Mayer concluding that " it is hard to change the mind of anyone over 15 " .
And Mack Mariani at Xavier University , Ohio , and Gordon Hewitt at Hamilton College , New York , write in PS of their latest research at US colleges , which found that : " Student political orientation does not change for a majority of students while in college , and for those that do change there is evidence that other factors have an effect on that change , such as gender and socio- economic status . "
Woessner says the research contradicts the enduring belief of many conservative observers that academics not only try to infuse their classes with their views but " systematically " indoctrinate college students .
Barone argues : " Some of it is conscious , some of it is unconscious , and it often takes the form where anything but liberal ideas are disapproved of .
This can affect faculty , too .
I know academics who never revealed they were Republicans until after they got tenure . "
He excoriates what he calls the " liberal thugocracy " for institutionalising political correctness , which he claims is not only designed to liberalise conservative students but kills debate .
" Campuses that once prided themselves as zones of free expression are now the least free part of our society , " he says .
During the administration of George Bush , Republican - led bills in several states called for an " academic bill of rights " designed to counter perceived political bias and student brainwashing in liberal arts colleges across America .
Florida , Colorado , Utah , Michigan , Ohio , Pennsylvania and California were among the states where such legislation was either discussed or proposed .
Although laws were not passed , some institutions in these states entered into voluntary contracts to adopt such bills of rights , pledging academic freedom and intellectual diversity , and promising not to encourage leftwing politics over right among their students and not to tolerate hostility to conservative students ' beliefs .
Public debate was stimulated to such an extent that last year the American Association of University Professors issued a policy supplementing higher education 's 1940 Statement of Principles on Academic Freedom and Tenure .
The new statement acknowledged the need for measurable " balance " in courses , and advised that professors stay close to an agreed syllabus and avoid political references unless clearly related to course content .
Academic spies
In 2006 , most academics at the University of California Los Angeles were horrified when a conservative group began offering students money to tape lectures and turn over materials distributed by professors who they felt focused more on political issues than their course subjects .
UCLA student Ben Shapiro had previously caused uproar when he wrote a book , Brainwashed : How Universities Indoctrinate America 's Youth , in 2004 , accusing faculty of evangelising their liberal politics .
The book claimed that only 9 % of Ivy League academics vote Republican .
" I'm a conservative who studied political science at UCLA at around the same time , and I have no idea what Shapiro was talking about , " says Woessner .
But the UCLA pay - to - spy body followed similar ( non-paying ) monitoring bodies set up at other institutions - and the creation in 2002 of Campus Watch .
Campus Watch was set up as a forum to report perceived anti-Israeli bias in Middle Eastern studies on US campuses .
But it is also a forum for reporting " the mixing of politics with scholarship " and submitting material used to build dossiers against academics and institutions accused of proselytising .
Kelly - Woessner says the issue is less one of indoctrination and more one of students engaging in diverse debate .
" Liberal students lose out if they are not being exposed to other points of view and the workings of conservative minds , " she says .
The twist , points out Fritschler , is that fears of being accused of indoctrination have led to a disengagement from civic and political affairs and discouragement of debate .
The problem now , he fears , is : " Not too much politics , but too little . "
education.letters@theguardian.com
You can examine our tour itenaries and you can find your tours ..
Our tours offers to you unforgetable , enjoyable memories ...
If you are looking for a travel agency for Anzac Day Tours at Gallipoli then youre in the right place !
Our tours offers to you unforgetable , enjoyable memories ...
BEST PRICE GUARANTEE .
BOOK YOUR TRAVEL NOW !
Our tours offers to you unforgetable , enjoyable memories ...
You can examine our tour itenaries and you can find your tours ..
Our tours offers to you unforgetable , enjoyable memories ...
If you are looking for a travel agency for Anzac Day Tours at Gallipoli then youre in the right place !
Our tours offers to you unforgetable , enjoyable memories ...
WASHINGTON , Nov. 20 ( UPI ) --
A federal judge in Washington Thursday ordered five Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , prisoners released , saying " seven years is enough " in captivity .
U.S. District Judge Richard J. Leon , in the first ruling that carries out the U.S. Supreme Court 's decision on detainee rights , said a single classified document the government used to hold the five was n't convincing , Scotusblog.com reported .
The government claimed , based on the document , the five -- plus one other detainee -- planned to travel to Afghanistan to participate in terrorist activities against U.S. and allied forces .
Advertisement
Leon said the government persuaded him that the sixth detainee , Belkacem ben Sayah , was " an al - Qaida facilitator " who sought to arrange travel to Afghanistan to engage in armed hostilities with U.S. and coalition partners .
The six prisoners were living in Bosnia when they were captured , although all are natives of Algeria .
Leon also suggested that government officials decline to appeal his ruling , suggesting " seven years is enough " in captivity , the Web site said .
It took nearly an hour for the judge to announce his ruling because it was translated to the detainees via a telephone link with the prison at Guantanamo Bay .
This is just the latest milestone in the maturing of Facebook , which , with more than 700 employees , 100 - million - plus users and ambitions of becoming a public company , is filling out ...
Ullyot also complements the Facebook team from a political perspective .
" Ted has extremely strong connections with the Republican party , and we think that 's a good thing , " Schrage said .
And it could make for some interesting debates .
Facebook founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg 's No. 2 is Sheryl Sandberg , who was chief of staff at the Treasury Department during the Clinton administration .
" We view Ted 's joining us as just another reaffirmation of the fact that we are working at the cutting edge of lots of incredible innovation , " said Elliot Schrage , Facebook 's vice president of communications and public policy ( and himself a lawyer ) .
" He has an extraordinary combination of private legal practice and public sector experience .
So many of the legal issues we face touch on both of those arenas .
He is equally comfortable helping us expand internationally as he is in helping us navigate complicated legal issues we may face in Washington .
Ted 's arrival really demonstrates we 're a little more grown - up . "
Ted Ullyot will join Facebook as its vice president and general counsel next month .
Ullyot , who also has had major private sector stints including as a top lawyer for AOL Time Warner Europe , is leaving a partnership with law firm Kirkland & Ellis and will relocate to the Bay Area , he said in an interview Friday .
The latest sign :
Its freshly installed management team has hired a legal gun with a loaded resume that includes serving as a White House lawyer who helped coordinate the response to the investigation into the leak of CIA operative Valerie Plame 's identity and serving as chief of staff to former U.S. Atty .
General Alberto Gonzales .
... its management team with operational heft .
In March , Facebook lured Sandberg , a longtime Google executive , to work under Zuckerberg -- who had already recruited Chief Financial Officer Gideon Yu , formerly with YouTube , and Chamath Palihapitiya , who used to run AOL 's instant - messaging business .
At the same time , some executives have left Facebook , including Owen Van Natta , the former chief revenue officer and chief operating officer .
Zuckerberg , 24 , said he realized that he needed to bring aboard seasoned executives who could help turn Facebook 's soaring popularity into a revenue - making machine and expand the Facebook franchise internationally .
It 's a departure for Zuckerberg , who started Facebook out of his Harvard dorm room in his sophomore year and maintained his college lifestyle after deciding to move his business to Silicon Valley .
But that all began to change , particularly last year when Microsoft invested $ 240 million in Facebook , valuing the start - up at $ 15 billion .
With Facebook 's rapidly rising profile has come intense scrutiny as well as legal headaches .
Already Facebook has riled privacy watchdogs and its users with early attempts to target advertising .
" One of the things that we emphasize when we interview people is the fast - paced nature of what we do , " Schrage said .
" When we met Ted , we felt pretty comfortable he had a background that demonstrated that he could appreciate high stakes and fast pace . "
Ullyot certainly has the breadth of legal experience as well as the regulatory and legislative chops to guide the young company .
He began his legal career clerking for U.S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia and Judge J. Michael Luttig of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit ( who is now Boeing 's senior vice president and general counsel ) before being recruited by Kenneth Starr to Kirkland & Ellis .
At AOL Time Warner , Ullyot was a vice president and associate general counsel , reporting to Paul Cappuccio , executive vice president and general counsel of AOL Time Warner and a Kirkland & Ellis alumnus who along with Starr helped recruit Ullyot .
Ullyot later became senior vice president and general counsel for AOL Time Warner Europe , working with the legal and policy staff in Europe and European Commission officials .
Schrage points to that experience as a big asset as Facebook expands internationally .
As for his stint in the Bush administration , that was something he had long sought and something for which he remains grateful , Ullyot said .
Despite the politically charged high drama , he said : " I have nothing but good to say about it . "
It raised eyebrows in Washington when Gonzales took three White House lawyers with him to be his top aides at the Justice Department , including Ullyot .
Ullyot said that working for the Justice Department was another career goal .
He stepped down in 2005 and joined ESL Investments Inc. , a Connecticut investment firm run by billionaire investor Edward S. " Eddie " Lampert to gain experience in the financial markets , he said .
Ullyot took Lampert 's seat on the board of AutoZone .
Ullyot said he planned to remain on the AutoZone board .
In May , Ullyot returned to Kirkland & Ellis as a partner , focusing on appellate litigation , administrative law and antitrust law .
Kirkland & Ellis recently opened an office in Palo Alto .
( Will he send Facebook business to the firm ?
" I think of the firm in the highest terms , and I have used the firm in previous stints as general counsel , " he said .
" I just look forward to getting into Facebook to see what the legal needs are . " )
And the 41 - year - old San Francisco native has another thing going for him , at least as far as Zuckerberg is concerned .
He 's a Harvard grad ( although he got his law degree from the University of Chicago ) .
So why Facebook ?
" It was extremely attractive to me from the outset , " Ullyot said .
" It 's an innovative company and a growing company in size and presence and profile .
From a lawyer 's perspective , the legal issues are novel and interesting . "
Among the draws : " Operating in a fast - moving environment where the legal framework is less - developed . "
It certainly will be a far less formal environment .
Washington is strictly a suit - and - tie town .
At ESL , the dress code was " casual but respectable " ( i.e. , pressed khakis with a coat and tie on hand for meetings ) , Ullyot told the Wall Street Journal at the time .
At Facebook , where Zuckerberg is known for his uniform of T - shirts , jeans and Adidas flip flops : " I doubt you will see me in a tie very often , " Ullyot said .
-- Jessica Guynn
Photo : Facebook founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg Credit : Paul Sakuma / Associated Press
In 1896 , Adolph Ochs bought The New York Times and boldly placed on its front - page flag the slogan All The News That ’s Fit To Print .
Today , its publisher , Arthur Ochs Sulzberger Jr. , may need to rewrite that slogan to Less News And Less Money To Print It .
That ’s because The Times has fallen on hard times ( forgive me ) .
The faltering business model that has strapped financial straitjackets onto other newspapers ( witness the Christian Science Monitor ending its print edition ) may have finally knee - capped the nation ’s best newspaper .
It has significant debt coming due , and insignificant cash on hand .
Reports Henry Blodget of the Silicon Valley Insider :
[ T[he company must deliver $ 400 million to lenders in May of 2009 , six months from now .
The company has only $ 46 million of cash on hand , and its operations will likely begin consuming this meager balance this quarter or next .
The company has been shut out of the commercial paper market , but has a $ 366 million short - term credit line remaining that it entered into several years ago , when the industry was strong .
It has not yet drawn this cash down , and given the current environment and the trends at the company , we would not take for granted that it will be able to do so .
[ emphasis added ]
Consider numbers we can all understand :
In 2002 , The Times ’ stock price hit nearly $ 53 .
On Monday , the last line of a Forbes.com story relayed this telling stat : “ Shares in the Times company fell 59 cents , or 6.3 percent , to $ 8.73 in mid-afternoon trading … ” [ emphasis added ]
The Times ‘ suddenly accelerated descent into fiscal disarray has probably irritated Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim Helú .
Just two months ago , Mr. Slim bought a 6.4 percent stake of the New York Times Co. at about $ 14 a share , an investment then worth about $ 127 million .
If he ’s still in , he ’s lost nearly half his investment .
Recall , please , Mr. Sulzberger ’s comment just 21 months ago at the World Economic Forum at Davos , Switzerland , when asked about the future of the print edition of The Times :
I really do n’t know whether we ’ll be printing The Times in five years , and you know what ?
I do n’t care either .
Bet he cares now .
At the time , he said The Times was focused on becoming an Internet news leader , saying it had doubled its online readership to 1.5 million a day to go along with its 1.1 million subscribers for the print edition .
But the problem is simple :
It may have consistently high readership online , but that ’s not translating into sufficient online advertising revenue to meet the expectations of institutional investors concerned primarily with short - term gain .
Here ’s the short - term financial picture for the Times company as constructed by Mr. Blodget based on recent NYTCo. filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission :
What NYTCo. has :
• $ 46 million of cash
• $ 366 million owed to it by advertisers
Total : $ 412 million What NYTCo. owes :
• $ 398 million of short - term debt ( due in May )
• $ 161 million of accounts payable ( newsprint , travel , etc. )
• $ 100 million of payroll ( salaries )
• $ 159 million of other expenses
• $ 50 million owed on long - term debt and rent
Total : $ 865 million Bottom line , short term : NYTCo. owes $ 453 million more than it has .
Other harpies have been snipping at The Times ‘ heels .
Recall , please , that in January a pair of hedge funds demanded changes at the company :
The trouble , according to Firebrand Partners and Harbinger Capital , is that the New York Times company has moved far too slowly to replace the revenue that is being lost as readership figures come under pressure and advertisers shift their spending from newspapers to the internet .
[ emphasis added ]
Firebrand ’s founder , Scott Galloway , wants the Times company to diversify .
In a January letter to Mr. Sulzberger , Mr. Galloway wrote : “ We believe a renewed focus on the core assets and the redeployment of capital to expedite the acquisition of digital assets affords the greatest shareholder appreciation and creates the appropriate platform to compete in today ’s media landscape . ” [ emphasis added ]
Well , good luck with appreciating shareholder value with that acquisition of digital assets .
( About.com is highly profitable , so why ’s the Times company shopping it around ? )
Too little , too late .
The Times , like virtually every major newspaper company in America , refused to accept the Internet as an effective colleague and instead regarded it only as an ineffective , sure - to - fail upstart .
Such arrogance is proving costly .
The news worsens .
Nielsen reports that advertising spending for the first half of 2008 declined by 1.4 percent compared with the same period in 2007 .
Its news on Internet advertising is mixed :
Although overall Internet ad spending , when including paid search and online video advertising , was up by 11 % during the first half of this year , image - based Internet advertising declined by 6 % during the first half of 2008 , compared to the same period in 2007 . …
The decrease in image - based Internet advertising was driven by a 27 % drop in online ad spending by financial services companies , which decreased their spending from $ 1.5 billion in the first half of 2007 to $ 1.1 billion during the first two quarters of this year .
[ emphasis added ]
AFP reports that :
The Interactive Advertising Bureau and PricewaterhouseCoopers said Internet advertising revenues rose 15.2 percent in the first six months of 2008 over the first half of 2007 .
Online advertising revenue was up 12.8 percent in the second quarter over the same period of 2007 but declined 0.3 percent from the first quarter of the year , from 5.8 billion dollars to 5.7 billion dollars , the IAB - PwC survey said .
[ emphasis added ]
And that ’s the problem for the Times company and every other newspaper company that has placed its business - model bet on sure - to - be- profitable Internet advertising .
Despite double - digit growth in online advertising revenue in recent years , that growth is n’t paying off fast enough .
“ Total advertising revenue for the newspaper industry is expected to decline 11.5 % to $ 40.1 billion this year , ” reports Jennifer Saba of industry trade journal Editor & Publisher .
Print ad revenues , though declining , still provide the bulk of the industry ’s income .
Internet ad revenues , though increasing , will not produce sufficient revenue soon enough to stave off drastic , perhaps catastrophic , changes in the newspaper industry .
In February , reported The Times ‘ Richard Pérez - Peña , “ The Times has 1,332 newsroom employees , the largest number in its history ; no other American newspaper has more than about 900 . ”
When The Times said in February it would cut 100 jobs , its stock immediately rose 86 cents to $ 18.84 .
Now it ’s under 10 bucks .
The Times , in fiscally happier times ( forgive me again ) , bet big on expansion in New England to maximize revenue .
In 1993 , shortly after Tim Berners - Lee released the World Wide Web for full public use , the Times company bought The Boston Globe for $ 1.1 billion .
In 1999 , it bought the Worcester , Mass. , Telegram & Gazette for $ 295 million .
Both deals were roundly criticized as too pricey for value received .
Both deals have proven to be financial drains on the Times company .
( The Times did not significantly embrace the Internet for several years and made poor decisions .
Remember the ill - fated , pay - for - premium - content TimesSelect ? )
Early this week , Forbes reported that the company “ increased its estimates for how much The Boston Globe and other New England newspapers it owns have declined in value because of reductions in advertising revenue . ”
That drop in value — $ 166 million — occurred in just the third quarter .
The Times company said the fourth quarter will bring further devaluation of the properties .
Prediction I : The Times will initially follow the industry ’s formula :
Cut expenses drastically ( read : jobs ) .
Seek to at least maintain current share price .
Prediction II : The strategy will fail .
Prediction III : The Times will sell assets .
Prediction IV : That , too , will fail , because the company has insufficient assets relative to its debt and declining ad revenue .
In September , E&P reported that the Times company ad revenue had declined 14.1 percent compared to the same period a year ago .
Total revenue dropped 8.8 percent for the month .
Could the Times company raise enough cash to take itself private ?
Hmmm .
Perhaps that ’s why About.com may be on sale .
All this in a tanking economy .
The Times and other newspaper companies should n’t bet on traditional big - bucks advertisers — Detroit , real estate , and want - ad classifieds — to come to the rescue .
They ’ve got problems of their own .
According to Mr. Blodget , the long - term view for the Times company is equally bleak :
What NYT has :
• $ 1.355 billion of buildings , real - estate , printing presses , trucks , technology
• $ 146 million of investments in joint ventures ( Red Sox , etc . )
Total : $ 1.501 billion
What NYT owes :
• $ 673 million of long - term debt
• $ 7 million of long - term rent
• $ 284 million of pension benefits
• $ 214 million of retiree healthcare and other benefits
• $ 290 million of other liabilities
Total : $ 1.468 billion Bottom line , long term : Balance sheet carrying values can provide a very misleading picture of long - term asset values , especially for things like land and buildings , which may have appreciated ( or depreciated ) significantly .
As a result , there may be significant embedded value in these assets .
But assuming the NYT ’s land , buildings , and joint - ventures are carried at something approaching market value , NYTCo has only about $ 33 million more than it owes .
[ emphasis added ]
The Gray Lady badly needs a Green Mistress , but in an American economy this distressed , that ’s unlikely to occur .
( Oh , Rupert ?
You interested in a really good deal ? )
So what will the Times company do ?
Sell assets ?
In this economy , who will buy ?
Cut jobs ?
Assuredly , but at what credibility cost to the journalistic product it sells ?
End its print editions , and not just that of The Times , but of other papers it owns as well ?
Newsprint and subscriber delivery are costly .
Aside from staff cuts , that seems the most likely — and quickest — route to cut costs substantially .
Any change in the Times company ’s business model will influence the readership habits and information needs and wants of millions of people .
The Times has been the opinion leader of the fabled Eastern Liberal Elite™ for a century and its front page has influenced daily the contents of hundreds of newspapers nationwide .
Perhaps the changes wo n’t immediately be so drastic , preserving the print edition .
Says Mr. Blodget : The Times company ’s realistic options have been reduced to :
• Major cost cuts ( including dividend )
• Large asset sales
• Sale of equity at fire sale price .
Like most newspaper companies , the Times company has proven to be short - sighted in its adaptation to the Internet , its recognition of changing demographics and readership needs and desires , and its dog - on - a- short - leash relationship with institutional investors .
We should hope The Times survives with the quality of its journalism intact ( wrong - on - WMDs Judith Miller , plagiarist Jayson Blair et al. incidents notwithstanding ) .
With nearly 100 Pulitzer Prizes to show to the tourists , it ’s still the best journalism gig in town .
As the new year approaches , The Times will surely and frequently editorially instruct president - elect Barack Obama on the appropriate means to reinvigorate the American economy .
In the midst of its own partially self - induced financial decline , The Times ‘ advice ought to be taken cum grano salis .
Riding the wave of good news about Apple 's explosive growth over the past years , market research firm Gartner now says that Apple is the sixth largest PC manufacturer in the world .
Apple has been making significant inroads in the US with both the Mac and Safari browser , enjoying 50 to 60 percent year - over - year growth in Q3 and Q1 2008 , respectively .
While Apple became the fourth largest PC vendor in the US in Q1 2008 , it still does n't have much of a worldwide market share to speak of when compared to the big hitters like HP , Dell , and Acer who are increasingly competing in low - cost and budget - friendly desktops and notebooks .
Nevertheless , after tallying the numbers from PC manufacturers ' 2007 sales , Apple is now in 6th place worldwide according to Gartner 's numbers , right behind Toshiba who is hovering just under 20 percent .
While this is good news for Apple and its shareholders , Gartner echoes other assessments that Apple may have a tough road ahead considering that PC manufacturers have brought the budget battle to ultra-portable , ultra -cheap notebooks .
Asus ' Eee PC and its many competitors are ushering in a new era of $ 400 notebooks and cheap desktops which , as we noted back April , are very appealing to areas like Asia and South America where markets are n't as saturated .
In a Pandemic , Who Gets to Live ?
Truck drivers may be as essential as doctors in dealing with the next pandemic .
Nov. 12 , 2008  --
As if wars and economic crises and natural disasters were n't enough , here 's a challenge for some future president that few people even want to think about :
Some day , perhaps soon , a president will have to decide whose lives are the most important to save , and whose lives are " nonessential . "
This is n't going to be a doomsday story , because most people will survive the next influenza pandemic , which some public health experts believe is past due .
It 's not a question of " if , " it 's a question of " when , " and one study from Harvard University estimates that the pandemic will kill somewhere between 51 million and 81 million people , mostly in developing countries .
Hundreds of organizations and institutions around the world are developing plans for dealing with the expected pandemic , and one challenging theme is begging for more public discussion .
Some people will be more important than others in fighting the disease as it spreads quickly around the planet , and many more will be left to pretty much fend for themselves .
Who Is ' Essential ' ?
The top of the list is an easy one .
Doctors and nurses will be vital , so they end up in the win column .
Others essential to public health and safety will be next , but after that , the going gets tough .
A provocative new study argues that the list needs to be broadened .
Some truck drivers , for instance , may be just as important as doctors .
" The secondary consequences of severe pandemic influenza could be greater than deaths and illness from influenza itself , " according to the study , authored by Nancy E. Kass , professor of bioethics and public health at Johns Hopkins University , and experts from several government agencies .
In a study published in the current journal Biosecurity and Bioterrorism , Kass and her colleagues argue that a pandemic could precipitate societal collapse on many levels , threatening the availability of resources " such as food , water , and gasoline . "
What it boils down to is this : Medical professionals wo n't be very successful if the truck driver does n't show up with the necessary medications because he could n't get fuel for his vehicle .
So , people who might have been thought of as nonessential are indeed essential if the wheels of society are to keep rolling along .
Someone to deliver fuel to the service station .
Someone to keep the truck operational .
Someone to drive it .
That does n't mean every truck driver gets to live .
But those who are part of a " minimally functional societal infrastructure " should be near the front of the line .
But how does anyone develop plans that will guarantee cultures continue to function , even as millions are dying ?
It 's a huge challenge .
The Trickle - Down Effect
And , of course , there 's the trickle - down effect .
It would likely require a presidential decree to designate broadly who gets preferential treatment in response to the disaster .
But who 's going to make the decision on a community level ?
The study notes that for any plan to be successful , it must be perceived as " fair , " but is that even possible ?
Many citizens would likely be told to stay home from their nonessential jobs because the " hallmark " of a pandemic is the ease and speed that a poorly understood virus can spread from one person to another .
So , isolation reduces the chance of exposure .
But who 's going to pay the bills if there is no paycheck ?
And , of course , there 's that familiar American concern :
Can you really trust the people at the top to make the right decisions ?
Another study found that 72 percent of Americans thought " wealthy and influential persons " would receive a vaccine first if shortages existed .
All of this would be happening during a time of great confusion .
Nearly a century after the Spanish flu killed approximately 50 million people around the world , scientists are still trying to answer some fundamental questions about the 1918 - 20 pandemic .
Researchers are re-examining records of 24,000 mortalities in the United Kingdom to try and answer a basic question .
The Most Vulnerable
Young children and older adults are normally the most vulnerable to an influenza pandemic .
But the records show that healthy young adults were most likely to die during three waves of the epidemic .
" We do n't really understand why children and older adults were at lesser risk , " said John Mathews of the University of Melbourne , who is leading the research .
Theories abound , but no one is sure , all these years later .
The effort to respond to a pandemic will place some people at greater risk , simply because they will have to be around other people , and that 's part of the price they will pay to be on the survivors list .
But some , no doubt , will refuse to show up for work .
Another study out of Johns Hopkins found that nearly half of the public health employees in Maryland said they would stay away from work rather than risk exposing their families to the virus .
Physicians and nurses were more likely to show up than support personnel .
Clerical and some technical personnel were less likely to work , chiefly because of their perception of the value of their own roles .
Two - thirds of the public health workers in that study said their role is not important in combating a pandemic , and thus , they were less likely to show up .
The new study emphasizes that if essential workers fail to come through , the entire structure of any society will begin to unravel .
And thus , the aftermath of the epidemic could claim more lives than the virus .
And you wonder how many people underestimate the potency of an influenza pandemic .
We all have to struggle with the flu from time to time , so how can it be all that threatening ?
But in the United States , an average of 36,000 people die each year from influenza , and 200,000 are hospitalized .
And contrary to what happened in the United Kingdom nearly a century ago , elders and young children are the most common victims .
Those are large numbers , but they shrink compared to projections for a global pandemic .
The Harvard University study extrapolated the number of deaths during the 1918 - 20 pandemic to the worldwide population in 2004 .
It estimates that 62 million persons would die each year from the pandemic .
About 96 percent would be in developing countries .
Of course , we 've learned a lot since 1920 , right ?
True enough , but analyzing a specific virus and finding a treatment can still take time , and by its very nature , time is on the side of the virus .
It 's not something anyone really wants to think about .
But it 's coming , anyway .
One month with Emacs and counting - Part 2
Other posts in the from Vim to Emacs series : part 1
A while ago I 've blogged about my switch from Vim to Emacs , promising a blog post series , quite a mouthful nevertheless , it 's time to continue the series .
The first part was about why I think that nowadays Emacs is ready to be switching to .
This second part is about flawed Vim design choices which substantially contributed to my choice .
( Of course all this post is under a IMO - / rant - disclaimer , it can't be otherwise , so take it cum grano salis )
Flawed Vim design choices
Vim started as a wonderful editor , following the path of Vi , which in turn has got right a good deal of design choices .
One is the often debated modality .
In spite of being a HCI PITA in general , modality is not a problem at all for software you are using every single day ( and the editor is the 2nd program I use the most , with the terminal being the 1st ) , because you learn it as a habit .
In the case of Vim , modality is good because it let you use powerful yet simple motions in command mode , which can be easily combined with operator - pending commands .
This can be considered yet another incarnation of the UNIX philosophy , casted inside the editor itself .
... which brings us to the good old joke which describes Emacs as a great operating system , lacking only a decent editor .
In fact , Vim is no longer the nice Unix philosophy player which it used to be , and Emacs plays much more nicely with external tools than Vim .
As arguments , let 's consider a few ( not so ) recent Vim evolutions :
Spell checking .
Starting with version 7 , Vim has got support for on - the - fly spell - checking of text buffers .
It is a super - nice feature , which I 've advertised in the past , because spell checking is needed in many tasks we daily do with editors ( mail / doc writing , code commenting ) , and having a single interface to do it comes handy .
Unfortunately , how that is implemented in Vim is definitely not along the lines of the UNIX philosophy .
We have countless different FOOspell implementations whereas Vim implemented yet another one , without relying on any pre-existing implementation .
Even more so , the file format of spell files is basically ad - hoc , and not sharable with other tools .
This is already a PITA for packaging ( let 's add to Debian another 20 binary packages vim- spellfiles - FOO ) , but is even worst than that : the spell files must be generated in ad - hoc ways which are seriously prone to failures ( guess why in Debian we do n't have yet the vim - spellfiles - FOO packages which used to exist in experimental a long time ago ? ) .
What would have been the UNIX - friendly way of achieving the same result ?
Well , obviously spawning FOOspell and interact with its process from the editor .
Keep that in mind .
Internal grep .
A feature of Vim I 've always loved is : grep ( yet another instance of quick - fixing , which is also used for jumping to compile - time errors ) .
In its original incarnation it was as simple as invoking grep and parse its output .
KISS .
Then , Vim started to have a problem : grep -r can take ages and in the meantime the editor was stuck .
Hence , starting with Vim 7 , vimgrep has born : an internal re-implementation of grep .
OK , it is more portable ( but how many of us do care ?
on how many system you use you are missing grep ?
damn , I used to install it also on Windoze ! ) , and the editor retain control .
Control that is exploited just to show a nice progress bar of what is being scanned ... , while the editor is still stuck .
Well , to me it looks like the problem would have been solved much more nicely by adding the ability to interact with an external process ( deja vu ? ) .
That process can then be grep -r .
Full stop .
Lack of debugging support ( on purpose ) .
Long standing missing feature of Vim : you can not " easily " drive a debugger from Vim , because a firm choice in Vim is to ... ( OK , I confess , I 'm starting to beat a dead horse ) ... not have support for interaction with external processes .
I found such a choice quite dumb : to me it is evident that it induces a trade - off between being feature - complete wrt programmer needs ( as available external tools get available to face those needs ) and not " re-implementing the wheel " inside the editor .
Going back to the lack of debugging support in Vim , that has spawned projects like GdbVim , Clewn , Bram 's Agide , and my own tiny teeny incarnation specific to ocamldebug called WOWcamldebug .
Every single project of that list acts as an intermediary between Vim and an external process ( a debugger of some sort ) , whereas that could have been implemented by an editor plugin , provided that the editor offer , guess what , support for interaction with external processes .
Top - level .
Similar to the debugging support issue , there is the interpreter issue , namely how to evaluate " phrases " of your interpreted language of choice directly from the editor .
Nowadays a lot of languages have the so called top - levels which evaluate language phrases interactively ( Python , Ruby , OCaml , many Lisps , ... ) and show evaluation results .
That ability can speed up testing considerably , but can become cumbersome to use for large code snippets without editor support ( good luck with copy and paste ) .
Yes , Vim has support for that , but the implementation choice is close to be ridicolous : only if you have linked Vim together the interpreted for a given language , then you will be able to interactive evaluate phrases of that language .
What if you program in Python , Ruby , and Perl ?
Well , you need to link all of them .
What if you also program in OCaml ?
Then you 're screwed , because Vim currently does not support linking with it .
( Yes , I know that there are other reasons for doing that linking , they are discussed below . )
Do I need to tell you which feature will be enough to address top - level support ?
interaction with extern ..
OK , I 'll drop it , you know that already .
Well , I acknowledge that Emacs got this choice right , and that it's an important one : Emacs supports interaction with external processes , and plugin authors have been happy to exploit it to create really cool stuff ( sticking to the UNIX philosophy ) .
Please welcome : Flyspell , M-x grep ( shameless smartass plug : same number of keystroke of : grep ) , Grand Unified Debugger , a sampling of language - specific major modes with top - level support .
( But I recommend having a look at least once at the coolness of other stuff built - on top of external process support , like Flymake , mentioned by dancer not a long ago . )
Its own scripting language .
I 've bored you enough with the external process topic , hence here is the second one : the saga of Vim and its scripting language , i.e. , the programming language using which you can customize the editor .
Note that the choice of scripting language impacts on 2 different targets : final users in need of fire and forget automations ( when they start to get to complex to be implemented on top of , say , macros ) , and developer of editor extensions such as addons .
The impact of scripting language on extension developer is crucial for the evolution of an editor aiming at being powerful .
If the scripting language and the API towards the editor is flexible enough , then a lot of cool extensions and features will be developed by third party authors , otherwise the burden stays on editor upstream author .
In its phase 1 ( my term , Vim < 7.0 )
Vim pretended that it needed only a minimal scripting language ( Vim script ) and that everything else can be developed using external programming languages , linked in the editor .
As a consequence Vim script was just a tiny teeny procedural language with editor interfacing capabilities , most notably lacking any " decent " data structures ( no lists , no dictionaries , ... ) .
In that phase , if you were a user it was fair enough .
You just had to chose your external programming language ( at compile time ... ) , and you were able to write your quick hacks with it .
But if you were willing to develop an extension you were screwed , because you had either to impose your external programming language to the final user ( that is what gave born to absurdities like vim - full , look at the deps ! ) or to enjoy a good deal of masochism to explode your 30 lines of Python extension into 200 lines of Vim script to make your Vim extension more " portable " .
In its phase 2 ( Vim >= 7.0 ) it has been realized that something were wrong in the initial choices about Vim script , and data structures ( lists , dictionaries , function references ! ) have been added to it , relieving a bit the pain of programming portable extensions .
Nevertheless , and probably due to how it started , Vim script is far from being a programming language one can enjoy programming in .
Consider for example the standard library of the language .
It started as a random collection of unrelated functions being added on a " as- needed " basis , ... and continued along that path !
Now the API reference lists together totally unrelated functions , organized inconsistently , and making really painful finding what you need ( assuming it exists ) .
Even in this respect , I acknowledge that Emacs got this right .
It has chosen a single , now full - fledged , programming language ( Elisp ) , which is offered both to the final user ( fact : the average Emacs user knows much better how to program her own editor than the average Vim user ) and to extensions developer .
The standard library of the language is organized with a consistent naming ( even though not always intuitive ) and documented in an organized manner .
You might not like the language , but at least is has been taken seriously and managed as such .
Finally , being a Lisp dialect , you might need what you learn with Elisp elsewhere .
Vim script is too committing : it is useful only inside Vim .
I believe that contributed significantly in its scarce diffusion among Vim users .
The fact that Elisp was born together with Emacs and that it is also used internally for the editor implementation is not relevant here : I do care about what is offered to me as an user and as an extension developer .
What I see on the Emacs side in this respect is much better that what I see on the Vim side .
Moreover , from the point of view of the users , is the difference between what is inside the editor and what is outside ( i.e. , the extensions ) that relevant ?
I think it is not , and that brings me to the final Vim choice which I consider flawed and which has the potential of seriously limit its future evolutions :
Editor as a distribution .
Emacs is managed as a intermediate software distribution layer , similarly to what happens in other softwares where many third party authors cooperates ( e.g. , TeXLive ) .
The distribution architecture has advantages and contributes to the longevity and potentialities of a software project .
What does this mean concretely in the Vim vs Emacs dispute ?
For example it means that Emacs get more feature - complete each passing release , still preserving uniformity in documentation and keybindings .
On the contrary Vim sports many addons , which are very likely to step on each other feet when enabled simultaneously .
Actually , that is one of the reason which brought me to the creation of vim- addons : you cannot enable all the content of vim - scripts together due to various kind of conflicts .
As we know well in Debian , distributions have a fundamental role in blending together lightly - coupled software components , that 's role is missing in Vim evolutionary path and I find that worrisome .
Where to from here in this blog post series ?
For sure some tips on how to migrate for hard - core Vim users , then we 'll see ...
If you did enjoy the read please let me know commenting in the discussion page ( as you did in the last post , thanks ! ) .
The outlook could change , of course , if new nuclear plants turn out to be more expensive than expected , or if engineers make breakthroughs in other technologies .
( To debate these possibilities , go to www.nytimes.com/tierneylab.)
Given the uncertainties , Dr. Metcalf cautions , it would be risky to bet everything on nuclear power as the answer to global warming .
But it seems even riskier to bet on just the soft path , as so many greens are doing , either by flatly opposing nuclear power or by setting so many conditions that no plants could be built for decades , if ever .
( Mr. Obama says nuclear power is necessary but should not be expanded until security and safety issues are addressed . )
“ The nuclear debate is still stuck back in the 1980s , ” says Mr. Tucker , the author of “ Terrestrial Energy , ” the new brand he ’s trying to affix to nuclear power .
If people started associating nuclear plants with natural radioactive processes in the Earth instead of atomic bombs , he says , they might be persuaded that it ’s the most environmentally benign form of energy , particularly compared with wind farms that cover scenic ridges and the vast solar arrays proposed for “ empty ” land in deserts .
Mr. Tucker , a journalist who has been debunking environmental alarms for decades , says he has come around to Al Gore ’s view on the danger of global warming , and he ’d like environmentalists to rethink their views , too .
“ Even when greens give grudging support to nuclear power , ” he says , “ they add the caveat , ‘ But first we have to make sure the plants are absolutely safe ’ — as if reactors have n’t been operating safely for 25 years .
Nobody recognizes the complete overhaul that has occurred in the industry or how it ’s now pumping out twice as much electricity from the same plants with a vastly improved safety record . ”
By scaring people about the tiny levels of radiation emitted during the normal operation of a nuclear plant , Mr. Tucker says , greens have effectively encouraged the construction of coal plants that actually release more radiation because of the traces of uranium in coal dust .
He argues that the risks of terrorist attacks and nuclear waste have been exaggerated , particularly by the environmentalists who objected when the Yucca Mountain nuclear - waste depository was being designed to guarantee a level of safety for only 10,000 years .
They successfully sued to enforce a safety standard extending one million years — which , in an ideal world , would be a very nice standard .
But if you believe global warming is a planetary crisis that must be addressed immediately , should you really be obsessing about hypothetical dangers near one mountain in A.D. 1,000,000 ?
If there ’s already a proven technology that does n’t spew carbon dioxide into the atmosphere , why fiddle while coal burns ?
October 8 , 2008
We 're being asked to pick up the tab for the abuses of capitalism , says Eamonn McCann .
THEY DON'T know what they 're doing .
The U.S. Treasury Department admitted last weekend that the $ 700 billion it says it needs to bail out the banksters is " not based on any particular data point . "
In other words , they sucked the figure out of their thumbs .
This is not to be wondered at .
For a generation , the financial consultants , policymakers and experts of one sort or another who nightly paraded across our television screens intoned a mantra celebrating the majesty of the free market .
State intervention was the devil 's own work .
Government spending must be reined in , the public sector cut down to size , while thrusting , dynamic , risk - taking capitalists needed to be freed from all restriction , so they might create wealth which , so they assured us , would , at some undefined point in the future , trickle down to the lower orders .
Instead , the wealth , so to speak , of the people at the bottom is set to trickle up .
Where are they now ?
Where are the university economists and business correspondents whose ideas and assumptions have been exposed as balls of toxic smoke ?
Why are n't they on the news now , apologizing , clad in suits of sackcloth , foreheads daubed with penitential ash ?
When the rich get in trouble , they can rely on governments to bail them out
Being a bourgeois commentator means never having to say sorry .
It was in the United States that the glories of the free market were most fervently embraced , to the extent that freedom for the market was taken as synonymous with freedom itself .
Instituting a free market in Iraq was explicitly identified by Donald Rumsfeld as a key aim of the 2003 invasion .
There 's another thing we have n't heard much about in the course of the bankster shenanigans : Iraq .
Testifying to Congress in June , William Beach of the Heritage Foundation - - its mission : " to formulate and promote conservative public policies based on the principles of free enterprise , limited government , individual freedom ( and ) traditional American values " -- reckoned that the Iraq war had cost U.S. taxpayers $ 646 billion so far , plus an already allocated $ 68.6 billion for next year - - more than the Bush administration 's estimate of the total cost of the Wall Street welfare fund .
As for arms spending generally , right in the middle of the screech and panic of the $ 700 billion bailout debate , the House of Representatives passed a $ 612 billion military budget for 2009 .
The New York Times reported the story in three paragraphs .
Like the capitalist system it is designed to protect , military spending is deemed beyond argument .
Heard anyone suggest withdrawal from Iraq might free up a few billion to alleviate the crisis ?
WHY SHOULD they worry ?
Their point is to ensure that the rich continue to get the gravy , while the poor are fed the gruel .
And not just in the U.S. New Labour has pledged to come up with as much of our money as it takes to save the British banking system .
There 's consistency here .
In March , Business Minister John Hutton told a nosh - up for nobs in the city of London , " Any progressive party worth its name must enthusiastically advocate empowering people to climb without limits , free from any barrier holding them back . "
" Huge salaries " were to be welcomed .
Referring directly to City traders , he declared that " aspiration and ambition are natural human emotions . "
There 's no need to dig or delve to uncover the ideology which has led into the present predicament .
It 's in the core ideas of New Labour , as of the bipartisan consensus in the U.S.
The ruling class on both sides of the Atlantic has rushed to the rescue of the rich because , well , that 's what they do .
The difference now is that the working of their system has been exposed to public view .
It 's odd hearing the system named on the news .
Just a while back , to utter the word " capitalism " in public discourse was to be identified as a quaint eccentric .
The unspoken assumption was that we did n't live under any particular system of economic organization .
This was just the way things were .
Natural , inevitable , eternal , unchallengeable , as necessary and unnoticed as the air we breathe .
Now , they are all singing in harmony from an entirely different song sheet .
We need restraint on the market , curbs on excess .
The bellowing yuppies in the wine bars have become a distasteful embarrassment .
Sure , there have been excesses .
But Bear Stearns , AIG , HBOS , Bradford and Bingley , Morgan Stanley , Lehman Brothers , etc. , etc .
These are not fringe players , but pillars of the global financial establishment , and they have all gone wallop from greed .
Now the rest of us are being asked to pick up the tab .
This is no time for the plain people to show the restraint which capitalism felt airily free to dispense with when the going was good .
The next time a politician , economist or manager tells us to hold back on wage demands , or dares talk of cutbacks , flexibility , downsizing or redundancies " for the good of the country , " they should be splattered with scorn .
First published in the Belfast Telegraph .
November 14 , 2008  --
A federal grand jury in North Carolina is investigating allegations the controversial private security firm Blackwater illegally shipped assault weapons and silencers to Iraq , hidden in large sacks of dog food , ABCNews.com has learned .
Under State Department rules , Blackwater is prohibited from using certain assault weapons and silencers in Iraq because they are considered " offensive " weapons inappropriate for Blackwater 's role as a private security firm protecting US diplomatic missions .
" The only reason you need a silencer is if you want to assassinate someone , " said former CIA intelligence officer John Kiriakou , an ABC News consultant .
Six Blackwater employees are under investigation by another federal grand jury , in Washington , D.C. , in connection with the shooting deaths of at least 17 civilians in September 2007 at a Baghdad traffic circle .
Prosecutors are expected to return indictments in the next few weeks , according to people familiar with the case .
The investigation of the alleged dog food smuggling scheme began last year after two Blackwater employees were caught trying to sell stolen weapons in North Carolina .
The two , Kenneth Cashwell and William " Max " Grumiaux pleaded guilty in February and became government witnesses , according to court documents .
Two other former employees tell ABCNews.com they also witnessed the dog food smuggling operation .
They say the weapons were actually hidden inside large sacks of dog food , packaged at company headquarters in North Carolina and sent to Iraq for the company 's 20 bomb - sniffing dogs .
Larger items , including M - 4 assault weapons , were secreted on shipping pallets surrounded by stacks of dog food bags , the former employees said .
The entire pallet would be wrapped in cellophane shrink wrap , the former employees said , making it less likely US Customs inspectors would look too closely .
In a statement , Blackwater did not address directly the allegations involving silencers but says " all firearms shipped to Iraq by Blackwater were given proper US government license . "
The statement denied Blackwater owned or possessed any M4 weapons in Iraq .
US Army officials told ABCNews.com earlier this year , at least one Blackwater M4 weapon was discovered during a raid on an suspected insurgent location in Iraq .
Last year , a US Department of Commerce inspector at JFK airport in New York discovered a two - way radio hidden in a dog food sack being shipped by Blackwater to Iraq , according to people familiar with the incident .
Blackwater says the radio did not need a license and was hidden among the dog food sacks , not inside the dog food .
The company says it is a common practice " to prevent corrupt foreign customs agents and shipping workers from stealing the valuables . "
In addition to the grand jury investigation , Blackwater sources say the company is facing a multi-million dollar fine for some 900 instances in which it violated State Department licensing requirements for the export of certain weapons and technical know - how .
Blackwater acknowledged in its statements " numerous mistakes in complex and demanding area of export compliance , " saying most of the violations were failures of paperwork not " nefarious smuggling . "
Of the 900 cases , about 100 of them have been referred to the Department of Justice for possible criminal prosecution , according to lawyers briefed on the case .
Last month , Blackwater hired a team of former federal law enforcement officials and defense experts that it said would review the company 's compliance with export laws .
Andrew Howell , Blackwater 's general counsel , said , " Ongoing reviews by the Department of Justice , State and Commerce have highlighted the need for a significant and systems - wide initiative . "
Another former Blackwater insider who talked with ABCNews.com said company executives made the decision to smuggle the weapons and silencers in the dog food " because it 's a war over there and our guys need them . "
Despite four separate federal grand jury investigations of its operations , Blackwater 's contract to provide security services for the US State Department was renewed earlier this year .
The contract pays Blackwater $ 250 million a year and runs for five years .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
Overview
Luma is a macro system for the Lua language that is heavily inspired by Scheme 's define - syntax / syntax - rules system .
The Scheme macro system uses pattern matching to analyze the syntax of a macro , and template substitution to build the code that the macro expands to .
This is a powerful yet simple system that builds on top of Scheme 's structural regularity ( the use of S - expressions for all code ) .
Luma also separates the expansion process in pattern matching and template substitution phases , but as Lua source is unstructured text the pattern and template languages have to work with text .
Luma uses LPEG for pattern matching and Cosmo for templates .
Status
This is the first public release of Luma , version 0.1 .
Download
Get Luma from its LuaForge page .
History
As this is the first release there is no history of previous releases .
Contact Us
For more information please contact the author , Fabio Mascarenhas .
Comments are welcome !
Unusually aggressive youth may actually enjoy inflicting pain on others , research using brain scans at the University of Chicago shows .
Scans of the aggressive youth 's brains showed that an area that is associated with rewards was highlighted when the youth watched a video clip of someone inflicting pain on another person .
Youth without the unusually aggressive behavior did not have that response , the study showed .
" This is the first time that fMRI scans have been used to study situations that could otherwise provoke empathy , " said Jean Decety , Professor in Psychology and Psychiatry at the University of Chicago .
" This work will help us better understand ways to work with juveniles inclined to aggression and violence . "
Decety is an internationally recognized expert on empathy and social neuroscience .
The new research shows that some aggressive youths ' natural empathetic impulse may be disrupted in ways that increase aggression .
The results are reported in the paper " Atypical Empathetic Responses in Adolescents with Aggressive Conduct Disorder : A functional MRI Investigation " in the current issue of the journal Biological Psychology .
Benjamin Lahey , Professor of Epidemiology and Psychiatry at the University , co-authored the paper , along with University students Kalina Michaslska and Yuko Akitsuki .
The National Science Foundation supported the work .
In the study , researchers compared eight 16 - to 18 - year - old boys with aggressive conduct disorder to a control group of adolescent boys with no unusual signs of aggression .
The boys with the conduct disorder had exhibited disruptive behavior such as starting a fight , using a weapon and stealing after confronting a victim .
The youth were tested with fMRI while looking at video clips in which people endured pain accidentally , such as when a heavy bowl was dropped on their hands , and intentionally , such as when a person stepped on another 's foot .
" The aggressive youth activated the neural circuits underpinning pain processing to the same extent , and in some cases , even more so than the control participants without conduct disorder , " Decety said .
" Aggressive adolescents showed a specific and very strong activation of the amygdala and ventral striatum ( an area that responds to feeling rewarded ) when watching pain inflicted on others , which suggested that they enjoyed watching pain , " he said .
Unlike the control group , the youth with conduct disorder did not activate the area of the brain involved in self - regulation ( the medial prefrontal cortex and the temporoparietal junction ) .
The control group acted similarly to youth in a study released earlier this year , in which Decety and his colleagues used fMRI scans to show 7 - to 12 - year - olds are naturally empathetic toward people in pain .
Source : University of Chicago
Explore further
Youths beware of bullying by best friends
Mark W. Lewis has written a great article on the Top 10 Lies told to Beginning Artists and Designers .
I think I 've heard a variation of every single one .
Below is the list ... be sure to visit his original article where he goes into more detail on each item .
...
" Do this one cheap ( or free ) and we 'll make it up on the next one . "
" We never pay a cent until we see the final product . "
" Do this for us and you 'll get great exposure !
The jobs will just pour in ! "
On looking at sketches or concepts : " Well , we are n't sure if we want to use you yet , but leave your material here so I can talk to my partner / investor / wife / clergy . "
" Well , the job is n't CANCELLED , just delayed .
Keep the account open and we 'll continue in a month or two . "
" Contract ?
We do n't need no stinking contact !
Are n't we friends ? "
" Send me a bill after the work goes to press . "
" The last guy did it for XXX dollars . "
" Our budget is XXX dollars , firm .
" We are having financial problems .
Give us the work , we 'll make some money and then we 'll pay you . "
...
All of the above are huge red flags so if you experience any or all , do n't walk away ....
RUN .
Thanks Mark .
by Vito Rispo
Sometimes bad marketing slips past the boardroom and enters the sphere of public consumption .
We love that .
Bad marketing is usually hilarious .
Combine that with unintentionaly sexy kid ’s toys , and that ’s double hilarity .
So here are the Top 5 Least Well - Thought Out Children ’s Toys .
Enjoy :
5. Growing Up Skipper
Growing Up Skipper was intended to be Barbie ’s younger sister .
When she first came out , she was a pre-pubescent young girl , and as time went on , they put out taller and older versions of the doll .
Eventually , in 1975 , Mattel decided to create a version of the doll that actually grew up on her own .
That ’s right , she matured before your eyes .
Turn her arm and she grew about a 1 / 2 inch , and her boobs suddenly appeared .
Pretty amazing toy , even though they took it off the market after only a year .
4. The Nimbus 2000
Ah yes , the Nimbus 2000 , Harry Potter ’s flying broomstick .
This brilliant toy was taken off the market in 2001 because teenage girls discovered their little brothers new toy vibrated when you put it between your legs .
Who ’d thunk it ?
3. The Oozinator
I can’t even watch this video .
It ’s got to be the most uncomfortable thing I ’ve ever seen .
2. Love ‘n Licks pets
Wow .
The advertising team that worked on this must have been just totally oblivious .
But the explanation I like to believe is that there was one guy , just one new guy sitting in the back offering up these ideas .
Giggling to himself as the oblivious boss says “ You know what Johnson , you ’re on fire , that ’s a great idea ! ” .
Just like me , when in military school , I said our troop should be called the Spread Eagles .
And the troop leader thought it was a good idea .
Sometime you just get lucky .
1. Michael Jackson Doll
Not much to say here .
It ’s Michael Jackson , in doll form , allowed into the bedrooms of children across the country .
Let ’s just leave that one alone .
They 're supposed to be among the best and the brightest of Britain 's student population , but lately the Oxford University rugby boys can't seem to help making fools of themselves .
Last week it was Bring a Fit Jew night and yesterday we learned that some of the same partygoers had had a whale of a time earlier this year " blacking up " for a Safari Bop .
Apparently , they see this as a jolly good show .
One of the rugby boys , Phil Boon , does n't seem to think he 's done anything wrong , telling the Daily Mail : " I have organised a lot of party nights but I do not see why there should be any fall - out .
" And anyway we changed the name of the party from the Fit Jew thing to Bring a Fit Girl to Dinner . "
Boon also said : ' Blacking up for the Safari Bop was just going along with that theme .
We dress up for a lot of parties .
I have not had people telling me that either of the themes were offensive . "
Is n't it obvious that the peddling of such racial stereotypes is deeply offensive ?
Those individuals who reportedly invited participants in the Bring a Fit Jew Night to dress themselves as Orthodox Jews with pretend sidelocks attached to their heads and carrying bags of money , should be thoroughly ashamed of themselves .
The peddling of anti-Semitic stereotypes is an insult to a community that has suffered throughout history from the use of such imagery to create the myth of " the great Jewish conspiracy " .
And - as NUS 's black students ' officer , Bellavia Ribeiro - Addy has commented – " blacking up ' is completely unacceptable , and belongs to an embarrassing and closed chapter of British history .
Maybe Boon has never met anyone who 's black .
Given that he is a student at Oxford University , it 's certainly possible .
Last year , just 178 out of more than 10,000 UK applicants to Oxford defined themselves as black .
This is a university which struggles enormously to attract the brightest students from under - represented backgrounds , not least because so many of them feel that they wo n't fit in .
I do n't believe these clowns represent the majority of students at Oxford University , or the wider student population in general .
This year , Oxford University Students '
Union is led by its first ever black president , Lewis Iwu .
The students ' union and the student body work hard to support the university in encouraging applicants from diverse backgrounds to apply to Oxford .
But their work - and their progress - will be set back by these incidents .
This small - minded , self - indulgent behaviour has brought Oxford University into disrepute .
The university will doubtlessly be privately seething at the damage to its reputation caused by a small number of students .
But the university needs to set an example .
If these students do n't understand why their behaviour is so offensive and inappropriate , then it's up to the university to teach them a hard lesson .
• Wes Streeting is president of the National Union of Students
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Police in southern Afghanistan have arrested 10 men in connection with an acid attack on schoolgirls earlier this month , officials say .
The men are all Taleban insurgents and some have confessed to taking part in the attack , the authorities say .
Several girls received severe burns when acid was thrown in their faces on 12 November in Kandahar city .
The Taleban denied involvement in the attack , which brought condemnation from around the world .
President Hamid Karzai has called for those involved to be arrested and publicly executed .
' Led by the Taleban ' Deputy Interior Minister Gen Mohammad Daud said the men had been arrested in recent days .
" The attack was the work of the Taleban and we have not finalised our investigation , " Gen Daud told reporters in Kandahar .
Gen Daud said the men were Afghans who had travelled from Pakistan .
Some of the girls were offered some protection by veils " They were led by the Taleban , " he said .
" They were taking orders from the other side of the border from those who are leading terrorist attacks in Kandahar . "
Kandahar Governor Rahmatullah Raufi said the attackers had been paid up to $ 2,000 ( £ 1,300 ) by the Taleban to carry out the attack .
He did not say how many of the men had confessed .
The men's names were not disclosed and they were not shown to reporters .
At least 15 schoolgirls and female teachers had acid sprayed at them by two men on a motorcycle near the Mirwais Nika Girls High School in Kandahar .
Officials say the attackers used a toy gun to spray the acid and fled as soon as people came to the assistance of the girls .
Most of the victims suffered severe burns and at least one of them will have to have her face and neck reconstructed by plastic surgery .
Some of the girls were wearing Islamic burkas or veils which provided them with some protection .
The attack shocked ordinary Afghans .
Correspondents say it is likely to have been carried out by those opposed to the education of women .
The former Taleban government , which was ousted in 2001 , banned girls from attending school .
A spokesman for the movement denied having anything to do with the attack when it took place two weeks ago .
But the BBC's Sanjoy Majumder in Kabul says many Afghans blame the Taleban for continued arson attacks on girls ' schools .
Only two million girls attend school in Afghanistan , with many conservative families still preferring to keep them at home despite a government push to encourage female education , he says .
Hundreds of schools - and students - have been attacked by insurgents in recent years .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
If you ’re looking to learn more about web design or to improve your skills , following along with detailed , step - by - step tutorials can be a great use of your time .
While there are a lot of resources and courses where you can pay to learn design , there are also plenty of quality tutorials available for free .
In this post , we ’ll showcase 48 different tutorials that we feel are the best at showing you how to go about designing websites in Photoshop .
You ’ll find tutorials that teach how to design all different kinds of sites and in a wide variety of design styles .
Find a few that you like , work through them , and you ’re sure to learn at least a few new things that you can put into practice in your own design work .
Many of the web designers , coders , and other people choose photoshop to get their websites designed the way they want to .
One - page sites are a popular choice for portfolio websites , and this tutorial shows you how to design an excellent one - page layout .
Some simple photoshop tools enable you to design a wonderful , clean and customized web page that can easily be customized as per the client ’s preference .
One - Page retro web designs are most common and widely used to display amazing products or services on the homepage of your website .
You have to add a few background textures to make a web page depicting a particular city , destination or any product .
You can categorize the different items along with the picture and provide a detailed description as well .
You will learn how to design a layout that would work well with a news site or blog in this tutorial .
It is very simple and easy to make as you just have to sketch a few rectangle boxes to categories each subject properly .
The soft textured background , bold typography , and simple layout give this site an attractive appearance .
You can produce colorful backgrounds with appropriate fonts and proper placement to amaze the viewers .
This tutorial is kind of unique because it shows the process of desiging a real - world site for an actual app , rather than a fictional sample website .
Design a logo , import a few screenshots , use simple tools to design few boxes with text on them , create and insert few icons and you are good to go .
This dark design can help to make photos pop , and you ’ll learn how to create it in this tutorial .
Photographers have to provide the detailed description of the services they offer .
Photography website is usually divided into different sections and you can design each section using simple photoshop tools .
With this tutorial , you ’ll be able to design a unique portfolio site that can help you to stand out from the crowd .
You will be able to showcase more than what a usual web page is usually able to contain .
The user will be able to navigate into the portfolio site very easily and grasp the maximum information in less time .
This tutorial shows you how to create a unique portfolio or resume - style site with a timeline layout .
You can display your work by creating the different rectangular layers and inserting the screenshots of your work .
You can also create a sidebar for the user to navigate your site easily .
This in - depth tutorial shows you how to create an awesome blog layout with the 960 grid and a baseline grid .
You have to use a rectangular tool to create rectangles of different shapes and customize those rectangles to display the desired piece of information .
You also have to create the header banner and insert different social media icons as well .
Many e-commerce sites suffer from poor design .
If you ’re looking to learn how to design an attractive e-commerce site this tutorial can help .
Like the other similar photoshop tutorials , this tutorial is really simple and you can use different colors to make your e-commerce store look really beautiful .
This tutorial walks you through the process of designining a nice portfolio site , although you could use the same layout and design for other types of sites as well .
To do this , you have to clearly map out that how your portfolio website should look like .
You have to create the perfect corner and separate each category properly for the portfolio website to look really clean and beautiful .
This tutorial shows the process of designing a clean , modern - looking blog layout .
It is simple and easy to craft a neat pattern and design a simple logo and content area .
This tutorial is easy to understand for beginners .
Once you have learned the basics , it should not be a difficult job for you to design this elegant blog layout .
Design a beautiful image - heavy design by following this step - by - step tutorial .
The tutorial also covers the design of a mobile version .
You can do this by importing a few photos , aligning them in the grid and this web layout is mobile - friendly as well .
This tutorial includes the design process in Photoshop , as well as PSD to HTML conversion .
Sometimes , it becomes really confusing to sort all the information from a professional database on a single page .
You can sketch the web layout in your mind or on a piece of paper .
Then you can emplloy some simple photoshop techniques to create a fantastic web layout .
This tutorial is part of a two - part series .
The second tutorial covers the PSD to HTML conversion .
You can easily do it yourself by organizing all the things and setting all the things at proper place .
With all of the apps that are out there , chances are you will need to design a site for an app at some point .
This tutorial leads you through the process of designing an attractive landing page .
You have to craft a few boxes or similar structures and you also have to add few images .
In this tutorial by Collis Ta ’eed you ’ll learn how to create a simple , but professional , design .
You will be able to learn few new and amazing techniques such as adding a message strip along the top right corner of the box , adding shade to the variety of elements and few other photoshop tactics .
At the end , you will be able to darken the whole site incuding header , content area and footer .
In this tutorial , you ’ll be led through the process of creating a subtle texture and using it to design a nice portfolio site .
This unique photoshop tutorial will teach you to add an image slider to your site .
Design a portfolio site that features a large slider by following this tutorial .
You can now design professional - looking sites in few lapse of time by making correct use of the small and simple photoshop tools .
You have to follow each and every step properly to achieve the desired results .
Let this tutorial show you how to design a colorful layout that uses brush strokes for some texture .
This photoshop tutorial will teach you to create an excellent gradient background involving a variety of colors .
You will also learn to create a transparent brush stroke to create a dirty , colorful and transparent design on which the whole content area stands .
Are you looking for a tutorial that will lead you through the process of desiging a site that does n’t have a cookie - cutter look ?
This tutorial is for you .
The creative header of the design gives it a really unique look .
You will paint a section of the web page , add a brush and use the simple techniques as used in other photoshop tutorials .
This tutorial will lead you through the process of designing a dark layout for a web app .
This tutorial will teach you to enable users to play video on the web page .
The web application must look professional and sophisticated .
This tutorial covers the process of designing the sample layout , and part 2 covers the coding process .
You will learn to customize the colors of the web page by changing opacity , create a form section and make the webpage to appear very user - friendly .
Coming soon pages can be helpful for building an email list prior to launch , and this tutorial will show you how to design one in Photoshop .
They are also very useful for the regular websites with tons of visitors visiting on daily basis .
You have to apply a unique layer to create a stunning logo so that the visitors visiting the “ Coming Soon ” page do not get bored .
Here is another tutorial for a coming soon page , this one in video format .
You will learn to create a countdown timer for any site .
Chris Spooner shows how to design a simple , but stylish , portfolio site .
Stylish portfolio designs are suitable for adventure or travel blogs .
You can also showcase your creative pieces of work such as photography .
This tutorial will lead you through the process of designing a stylish portfolio website with a unique header .
You will learn to create the boxes and add the thumbnail images .
You will also learn to give your logo image a grunge effect , create the inner shadows and few related techniques ,
Design a dark portfolio that features a large slider and a trendy ribbon in this tutorial .
You will learn to create a ribbon and a navigation slider as well .
You will also learn to create a dark - colored background and dark - colored web layout .
This tutorial is very important for the beginners as well as for the people who want to specialize in different photoshop skills .
Many photography websites use very clean and simple designs to keep the visitor ’s attention on the photos .
This tutorial shows you how to create an elegant photography site where the design will stay out of the way of the photos .
You will learn amazing photoshop tactics such as creating a drop - down menu , designing a unique slider and other simple tactics as taught in the other tutorials .
This tutorial shows how you can design a website that features a similar layout and design style to the sites of many apps .
This photoshop tutorial is really creative and you will learn to make the use of different layer styles .
The layout and design in this tutorial could be used for a portfolio website , or for another type of business .
The tutorial covers the PSD to HTML conversion as well as the design .
You will learn to create a spacious web page with a white background .
Every step in this tutorial is clearly explained for different web designers to follow .
This tutorial is several years old , but still worth a look if you are interested in designing a site with a unique background .
You will apply different gradients , create different layers , create the content area that can be differentiated easily , creating the bar for the navigation menu and similar photoshop tactics .
This classic tutorial by Henry Jones has been around for years , but it ’s well worth a look if you ’re interested in creating a nature - inspired design .
you can use watercolor brushes to paint a nice background for your new web layout .
The design created in this tutorial could be used for a wide variety of sites because of the clean layout and style .
As we know that practice makes the person perfect .
so you should also practice this clean style portfolio layout .
You will learn to create a unique gallery slider and craft a nice logo using simple fonts alongwith little customization .
If you love Windows 8 so much that you want your website to look like it , this tutorial is for you .
You can easily craft any web design once you have sketched the web design in your mind or any piece of paper .
You can design multiple boxes using windows rectangular tool .
You can color those boxes using gradient overlay .
This tutorial shows you how to create the layout for an app website , featuring a mockup of the iPad and app .
You will learn to add custom shapes to your web layout and design a beautiful web layout based on popular niche .
Create a design with a distinct background and a dark color scheme by following along with this tutorial .
You can also use this web layout for other entertainment blogs .
This tutorial is a bit complex but each step has been described in detail .
This tutorial shows you how to design a homepage layout that would be ideal for blogs that publish high quantities of content .
You can create a magazine styled blog layout by using all the simple techniques that you have learned in previous photoshop tutorials .
With this tutorial , you ’ll learn how to create a paper texture from scratch , and then use it to create this sample design .
It will be really interesting to know how to create your own texture in photoshop .
This tutorial shows how to create a colorful portfolio site design that features a large slider area .
You will be able to merge , duplicate , paste different layers onto the other layers and do a lot of different things with the layers .
You will be able to paste your work into the content area .
This tutorial shows the process of designing a stylish portfolio site with a dark header .
You will learn to create a beautiful background by adding and managing different layers and gradient overlays .
You will also learn to create an advanced and customized gallery slider .
This tutorial will teach you to create inner shadows using brush tool .
With the help of this tutorial , you can design a blog front page with a textured background .
You will create a beautifully textured background as you will go through the tutorial .
You will be able to create a dark navigation menu and different categories separated using pencil tool .
You will be able to create a beautiful portrait photo on the sidebar .
You will learn to create a layer and place a few icons on the layer .
You will also learn to add a wooden texture to the sidebar to make the blog layout appear more enchanting .
Different photoshop customizations enable us to create a highly - textured site layout .
Merging different layers into each other will help you to create a highly - textured site layout in photoshop .
Simple techniques such as color burning the logo using the blending mode , duplicating the layers , cutting the layers and similar techniques .
You may use different shape layers to create a colorful and creative background .
You will also learn to create a robotic shape by grouping different shapes together .
You will learn to create creative infographics for your site .
Do you know how to create a dark grey arrow coming out from the footer area ?
Do you know how to strech a body on the web layout ?
This photoshop tutorial will help you learn few amazing techniques that you have never imagined before .
You will learn to create a simple contact form in the content section , make a cloud header and use elliptical marquee tool to create cloud shapes .
You will be to add a play button using elliptical marquee tool , create a stylish header , create a playlist box and much more .
MOSCOW , Russia ( CNN ) -- A Russian journalist died Wednesday from gunshot wounds sustained the night before -- the second Russian journalist fatally gunned down this week .
Abdulla Alishayev -- a host on one of the most popular Islamic television stations in the Russian republic of Dagestan -- was shot in the head and shoulder late Tuesday while he was in his car , police told CNN .
Police said he was attacked by two unknown assailants in the Dagestan capital of Makhachkala , and the incident is under investigation .
His death comes less than three days after another journalist and prominent Kremlin critic Magomad Yevloyev was shot and killed in Ingushetia , a small Russian republic in the Caucasus region .
Dagestan and Ingushetia , which lie on opposite sides of Chechnya , are predominantly Muslim republics in southern Russia where Russian forces have sought to quell Islamist rebels .
Reporters Without Borders said authorities are looking into whether Alishayev 's murder was linked to his professional work .
Last week , Reporters Without Borders and the Committee to Protect Journalists denounced what they called Russian authorities ' month - long offensive against a weekly opposition newspaper in Dagestan .
Do n't Miss Mourners protest reporter 's death
The offensive , according to both media watchdog groups , included raiding the homes of several journalists that worked for Chernovik newspaper .
More than 1,000 people attended Alishayev 's funeral , which was held Wednesday shortly after he died following an emergency operation at Makhachkala 's Central Hospital , according to his co-workers and police .
Alishayev hosted the television program , " Peace on Your Home " which airs on TV Chirkey .
He was also widely known for his documentary entitled " Common Wahhabism . "
" He was the most simple man ever , " said Mohammed Alyvich , a close friend and business partner of Alishayev .
" He was quiet and always respectful of everyone . "
Reporters Without Borders and the Committee to Protect Journalists also demanded a thorough investigation into the death of Yevloyev , a leading critic of Kremlin - backed leaders in Ingushetia , who was fatally shot on Sunday while being taken to a police precinct in Ingushetia by officers .
Ingush authorities said Yevloyev was accidentally shot in the head while resisting arrest , according to the Paris - based group known by the French translation Reporters sans Frontieres .
Yevloyev was the owner of a Web site that frequently took to task local leaders in Ingushetia , an impoverished province that has suffered for almost a decade from overflowing unrest in neighboring Chechnya .
" Yevloyev 's relatives , colleagues , and friends told CPJ that they believe he was murdered to silence the Web site , one of the few remaining independent news sources in Ingushetia , " the New York - based CPJ said .
Ingushetia 's President Murat Zyazikov is battling a low - level insurgency with Islamist rebels who launch frequent attacks on Russian servicemen and law enforcement officials .
In response , Russia has launched a counterinsurgency campaign that has been criticized by human rights groups for abuses such as arbitrary detentions and extra-judicial executions .
Over the years , Yevloyev had fiercely criticized Zyazikov .
Last year , he accused the president on his Web site of hiring hit - men to kill him , Reporters Without Borders said .
Russia is considered by media watchdog groups to be one of the most dangerous places in the world for journalists to work .
The situation gained worldwide attention two years ago after the murder of Anna Politkovskaya , a reporter who was fatally gunned down while investigating the victims of the Russian war in Chechnya .
The Kremlin has denied any involvement in her murder .
The Glastnost Defense Foundation , which provides legal support to the media in Russia , estimates that more than 220 journalists have been killed in Russia since 1991 .
Of those deaths , only six have been " properly investigated , " according to the foundation .
" They do n't think journalists are really useful in this country , " said the foundation 's president Alexei Simonov , referring to Russian authorities .
" Sometimes they even think they 're worse than useless . "
CNN 's Diana Markosian and Maxim Tkachenko contributed to this report
All About Russia • Caucasus
VIRGINIA BEACH , Virginia ( CNN ) -- Barack Obama loves Virginia .
Thursday 's rally at Virginia Beach was his 10th visit to the state since he won the Democratic presidential nomination and his third in a little over a week .
Obama greets supporters in Virginia Beach .
more photos »
And on Friday the Obama camp announced that he will end his campaign with a final rally at Manassas Park n the north of the state .
From the suburbs of Washington D.C. to the seaports of Hampton Roads , Virginia is abuzz with pre-election activity and excitement .
Neighborhoods are dotted with rival lawn signs while campaign offices on both sides are packed with volunteers working phones and examining databases of voter statistics .
Historically high turnout is expected Tuesday .
" People have joked that Virginia has n't seen this much presidential action since the days when George Washington and Thomas Jefferson ( both Virginians ) were traipsing around the state , " says Andrew Cain , Political Editor at the Richmond Times - Dispatch .
With just 13 electoral votes to its name , Virginia is small change compared to the grand prizes of U.S. presidential politics : New York with 31 votes , Texas with 34 and California with 55 .
Even among the battleground states its importance is dwarfed by Ohio ( 20 ) , Pennsylvania ( 21 ) and Florida ( 27 ) .
Not even Bill Clinton and Al Gore or Jimmy Carter -- all southerners -- could claim the state for the Democrats .
So why does Virginia appear to matter so much to Obama ?
One reason is his friendship with Virginia 's Democratic governor , Tim Kaine .
Kaine was the first leading party figure outside of Obama 's political home state of Illinois to endorse his candidacy early in 2007 , giving him vital credibility in the south .
Like Obama , Kaine is a Harvard - educated civil rights lawyer who had been talked of as a possible vice - presidential choice .
" They are very close .
They like working together and they actually get on on a personal level , " says Times - Dispatch reporter Jim Nolan .
Virginia also offers Obama an opportunity to land an early blow on election night that would likely render the rest of the evening ceremonial .
" Obama can be president even if he loses in Virginia but it's hard to see how McCain could be if he does n't win here , " Nolan says .
The symbolism of an Obama victory in Virginia -- state capital Richmond was the capital of the Confederacy and a major center of the slave trade -- would also be profound , according to John Moeser , a senior fellow at the University of Richmond .
Obama needs to pick up southern states -- North Carolina is also considered a battleground state -- to lend credibility to his claim to be capable of uniting all Americans under his leadership .
" The historic nature of an Obama victory would be immensely significant given the history of race in this country -- and particularly so in Virginia , " says Moeser .
But Obama has more pragmatic reasons for dedicating so much time and energy to a state he can probably afford to lose .
By forcing Republicans to fight for votes on their own territory -- John McCain 's national campaign headquarters is even in Arlington in the north of the state -- he is tying down Republican resources that could otherwise do more damage elsewhere .
McCain has attempted to take the fight to Pennsylvania -- which voted Democrat in 2004 -- but , with one eye looking over his shoulder , he will be back in Virginia Saturday in an effort to shore up his campaign here .
Virginia could also be crucial to Democratic hopes of controlling not just the White House but Congress as well ; a consolidation of power the party has not enjoyed since the 1960s and which could make or break Obama 's hopes of implementing a program of change .
The Democrats , who currently enjoy a wafer - thin majority in the Senate , have targeted 60 seats -- a numerical advantage that would prevent Republicans from blocking any legislation .
One of those gains looks set to come in Virginia where Democrat Mark Warner holds a double - digit poll advantage over his opponent Jim Gilmore .
Obama 's party also has ambitions of extending its control of the House of Representatives .
Democrat Glenn
Nye is running a strong campaign against incumbent Thelma Drake in the coastal 2nd District while the retirement of Republican stalwart Tom Davis from the suburban D.C. 11th District has raised hopes that Democrat Gerald Connolly can take the seat .
" The fundamentals of this election year could not be more Democratic , " University of Virginia pollster Larry Sabato told CNN .
" You 've got a terrible economy , a deeply unpopular president and an unpopular war .
You put those elements together and it's going to produce a Democratic victory .
The only question is , what size ? "
Long - lived organisms tend to be resistant to many types of stress , whereas short - lived organisms tend to be stress sensitive .
This happy coincidence allows us to screen for longevity mutants by looking for stress resistance rather than long life ( advantage : it takes a lot less time to do the primary screen ) .
The same logic ought to apply to small - molecule drugs :
Any compound that increases stress resistance has an improved change of extending lifespan .
That hypothesis has been operationally tested by the Lithgow lab , who performed a small - scale screen of antioxidant compounds and looked for molecules that increased thermotolerance in the worm C. elegans .
Several of these drugs also increased lifespan .
From Benedetti et al. :
Compounds that confer thermal stress resistance and extended lifespan
The observation that long - lived and relatively healthy animals can be obtained by simple genetic manipulation prompts the search for chemical compounds that have similar effects .
Since aging is the most important risk factor for many socially and economically important diseases , the discovery of a wide range of chemical modulators of aging in model organisms could prompt new strategies for attacking age - related disease such as diabetes , cancer and neurodegenerative disorders … .
Resistance to multiple types of stress is a common trait in long - lived genetic variants of a number of species ; therefore , we have tested compounds that act as stress response mimetics .
We have focused on compounds with antioxidant properties and identified those that confer thermal stress resistance in the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans .
Some of these compounds ( lipoic acid , propyl gallate , trolox and taxifolin ) also extend the normal lifespan of this simple invertebrate , consistent with the general model that enhanced stress resistance slows aging .
Note that the authors tested resistance to thermal , rather than oxidative stress — given their choice to screen only antioxidant compounds , to do the latter would have been a bit circular .
Still , given the history of antioxidant compounds as candidate anti-aging compounds , and the widespread belief that reactive oxygen species per se are a causative force in aging , the decision to screen only antioxidants does raise the possibility that the lifespan extension is due to the antioxidant activity of these compounds and that the stress resistance is merely an epiphenomenon .
Then again , it ’s quite impressive that so many different antioxidants of so many different types can confer thermotolerance and increased longevity , and suggests that perhaps the association between antioxidants and longevity may have never had much to do with oxidation as such , but rather with some as - yet - uncovered connection between antioxidants and the activation of stress response pathways .
Music Fan Charges iPod With an Onion
November 24th , 2008 by Andrew Williams
[ social_buttons ]
Music fan Owen Louis was so concerned about the amount of energy used up by his iPod , that he figured out a way of charging it up … with nothing more than an onion .
Louis , 21 , from Portsmouth in the UK , makes two holes in an onion , before soaking it in an everyday energy drink and connecting it to his MP3 via a standard USB cable .
Incredibly , the technique ( video ) enables him to charge his iPod for a full hour .
According to Louis , “ A friend showed me the experiment as a laugh but I thought it was the greatest thing I have ever seen , and do it religiously every day . ”
Speaking about the technique , Phil Stubbles , a physics lecturer from Hampshire said that almost all vegetables could power iPods because they contain ions which react with energy drinks to create a charge .
“ The only problem is you have no control over how long it may work for … and it can be smelly , ” he added .
Author ’s Note – Since it first hit the newswires , this story has been causing something of a stir in the blogosphere .
First came itwire , claiming that the story is a hoax .
Then , a number of other blogs , including macworlduk , shiny shiny and digitalspy ran with the story claiming it was true ( or at least open to debate ) .
However , according to the Guardian ( 25 November ) , it appears that the basic science behind the idea is correct , but that this particular technique is a hoax .
The article quotes Jon Edwards of the UK Royal Society of Chemistry ( no less ) , who says “ The science behind the idea is n’t bad – you can generate an electric current from vegetables – but the video is a hoax . ”
He explains that it ca n’t work because you need two electrodes to provide a reaction and a reason for an electric current to flow .
Out of interest , do any readers have any more technical information on this ?
Or perhaps you ’ve tried the experiment yourself ?
If so , feel free to get involved and make a comment .
Image Credit – Darwin Bell via flickr.com on a Creative Commons license
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Hank Williams Jr. — the country music scion best known for his paeans to rural and rowdy life — is up on the radio in Virginia and other swing states with an ad going after Barack Obama for the Democrat 's comment this spring that small - town Americans " cling " to guns and religion .
" We love our God — and we love our guns , especially handed down from our grandfathers , " Williams notes with a steel guitar playing in the background .
" And we resent it when liberals like Obama question our way of life . "
The cost is shared by the RNC , so after 30 seconds of Hank and the sounds of the Opry , the spot effectively starts anew with a generic announcer going after " congressional liberals . "
I 'm told Hank is also sticking up for the country way of life in Colorado , Florida , Iowa , Minnesota , Missouri , North Carolina , New Mexico , Nevada , Ohio , Wisconsin and , yes , Pennsylvania .
comments closed
permalink
Democrats killing more jobs .
Via Hollywood Reporter :
The Southern California destination has been shuttered since mid-March .
The Walt Disney Co. on Tuesday announced that 28,000 employees from the Parks , Experiences and Products segment “ at all levels ” will be laid off .
What ’s more , the company placed the blame for the decision on California not allowing Disneyland to reopen at this time .
The news comes exactly one week after Josh D’Amaro , chairman of Disney Parks , Experiences & Products , essentially demanded that Disneyland be allowed to reopen .
Gov. Gavin Newsom did not respond .
“ In light of the prolonged impact of COVID - 19 on our business , including limited capacity due to physical distancing requirements and the continued uncertainty regarding the duration of the pandemic — exacerbated in California by the State ’s unwillingness to lift restrictions that would allow Disneyland to reopen — we have made the very difficult decision to begin the process of reducing our workforce at our Parks , Experiences and Products segment at all levels , having kept non-working Cast Members on furlough since April , while paying health care benefits , ” reads a statement from D’Amaro released Tuesday .
Keep reading …
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Democrat Barack Obama put aside the victory celebrations on Wednesday and began crafting a White House team to help him lead a country mired in a deep economic crisis and two lingering wars .
The day after a sweeping election triumph that will make him the first black U.S. president , Obama named the leaders of his transition effort and offered U.S. Rep.
Rahm Emanuel the job of White House chief of staff , party sources said .
Emanuel is expected to accept the offer , the source said , as Obama begins to lay the groundwork for a smooth takeover of power on January 20 .
Obama led Democrats to a decisive victory on Tuesday that expanded their majorities in both houses of Congress , as Americans responded to his call for change and emphatically rejected Republican President George W. Bush ’s eight years of leadership .
Raucous street celebrations erupted across the country , but Obama has little time to enjoy the triumph .
Once in office , he will face immediate pressure to deliver on his campaign promises and resolve a long list of lingering problems .
“ This victory alone is not the change we seek -- it is only the chance for us to make that change , ” Obama told more than 200,000 jubilant supporters in Chicago ’s Grant Park after his win .
Obama has vowed to withdraw U.S. troops from Iraq in the first 16 months of his term and to bolster U.S. troop levels in Afghanistan , but his first task will be tackling the U.S. financial crisis , the worst since the Great Depression .
World leaders will gather in Washington on November 15 for a summit on the global financial meltdown .
The White House has said it does not expect the president - elect to attend , but Obama has not yet stated his plans .
Reports released on Wednesday showed the U.S. private sector jobs market deteriorated rapidly in October and the service sector contracted sharply , highlighting the economic challenges for Obama .
Appearing in the White House Rose Garden , Bush said he had spoken with Obama and congratulated him on an impressive victory that represented a “ dream fulfilled ” for civil rights .
He pledged his cooperation in the transition .
Obama named three leaders of his transition effort -- his Senate chief of staff Pete Rouse , close friend and adviser Valerie Jarrett and Bill Clinton ’s former White House chief of staff John Podesta .
The first - term Illinois senator has been planning for the transition for weeks and is expected to move quickly to fill positions at Treasury , the State Department and Homeland Security .
The job offer to Emanuel , a Democratic congressman from Chicago who worked in President Bill Clinton ’s White House , came within hours of his victory , party sources said .
Slideshow ( 28 images )
A QUIET MORNING
But Obama ’s first morning as president - elect was spent in more prosaic pursuits .
He had breakfast at home in Chicago with his two daughters , then headed to the gym for a workout .
The son of a black father from Kenya and white mother from Kansas , Obama ’s triumph over Republican rival John McCain on Tuesday was a milestone that could help the United States move beyond its long struggle with racism .
Slideshow ( 28 images )
Secretary of State Condoleezza
Rice reflected the joy of many black Americans , calling Obama “ inspirational ” and praising the United States for its ability to surprise .
“ As an African - American , I ’m especially proud , because this is a country that ’s been through a long journey , in terms of overcoming wounds and making race not the factor in our lives , ” Rice told reporters .
“ That work is not done , but yesterday was obviously an extraordinary step forward , ” she said .
Many world leaders welcomed Obama ’s victory .
Some hailed it as an opportunity to restore a tarnished U.S. image ; others urged him to help forge a new economic order .
“ Your election has raised enormous hope in France , in Europe and beyond , ” French President Nicolas Sarkozy said .
Initial market reaction was muted .
U.S. stocks fell by midday on Wednesday as worries about the weakening economy returned to center stage .
Obama won at least 349 Electoral College votes with two states still too close to call .
He led McCain in the popular vote by 52 percent to 46 percent .
Democrats gained at least five Senate seats and about 20 in the House of Representatives , giving them a commanding majority in Congress and strengthening Obama ’s hand .
Four Senate seats remained undecided .
Americans celebrated in front of the White House to mark Obama ’s win and Bush ’s imminent departure .
Cars jammed downtown Washington streets , with drivers honking their horns and leaning out their windows to cheer .
Thousands more joined street celebrations in New York ’s Times Square and in cities and towns across the country .
“ This is a great night .
This is an unbelievable night , ” U.S. Rep .
John Lewis of Georgia , who was brutally beaten by police in Alabama during a civil rights march in the 1960s , said at an Atlanta celebration .
From : sbharris@ix.netcom.com ( Steve Harris sbharris@ROMAN9.netcom.com )
Newsgroups : sci.med.cardiology,sci.med,sci.med.pharmacy
Subject : Re : drugs that do n't kill : a moral issue Date : 27 Nov 2004 20:21:52 - 0800 Message -ID : < 79cf0a8.0411272021.6f07b15d@posting.google.com > " outrider " < outrider@despammed.com > wrote in message news : < 1101587908.018422.213550@z14g2000cwz.googlegroups.com >... >
You Want a Moral Issue ?
How about Drugs that Don't Kill ? > >
Author : Arianna Huffington >
Published on Nov 24 , 2004 , 08:12 > > >
http://www.yubanet.com/artman/publish/printer_15610.shtml > >
" And if any of this sounds familiar , it should .
It 's certainly giving > me a profound sense of drug company deja vu , with the tragic stories of > Baycol , Rezulin and Duract still fresh in my mind .
How many times do we > have to travel down this deadly path - the side of the road littered > with bodies and the empty containers of drugs that were approved > despite serious questions , and left on the market despite growing > evidence of innocent lives being lost ? "
COMMENT : Yo , Arianna .
Believe or not , not all the bad things in the world are due to liberal or conservative conspiracies , or the selfishness of people with lots of money ( not high on your personal list of evils , I know ) , or even to human error .
No , here 's a shock for you : many of the world 's problems are due to the fact that the problems themselves are inherently difficult .
The difficulty of designing totally safe pharmaceuticals , for example , is related to the complexity of physiology , and physiology is fiendishly complex .
And it's also related to the extreme difficulty and expense and aggravation of doing controlled animal and then human trials .
If you 've never studied advanced physiology or written a scientific paper or done a human or animal drug trial , you 'll just have to take the word of those of us who have .
Sorry .
Social problems are only small subset of the problems inherent in the human condition .
Now , with enough money , we could go faster and do better .
But the government and pharm industry together only spend about $ 40 billion or maybe ( at the outside ) $ 50 billion a year in the US on biomedical research .
The Iraq war was equal to 10 years of that .
Of course , there 's a limit on how fast science can find things out or engineer things out , no matter how much money it 's given .
But we 're so far away from that limit ( which was something like the speed of the Manhattan Project or the 60's race to the moon ) , that we can forget it .
Medical science is now hobbled by lack of research money .
It would be entirely possible to double the pace of medical knowledge gained , and cram 20 years of research into 10 years , if we had 20 years ' worth of money to do it , instead of 10 .
And we could do it , if we wanted to .
But we do n't want to .
Not really .
It 's not nearly as fun as blowing people up , or finding bad guys .
You remember Bush started out in office planning to double the NIH budget .
But his heart was n't really in it .
Only when it came to stuff like baseball clubs and jets , did Bush 's heart really get pumping .
Which is to say , he 's a typical human male .
We all act as though we 're immortal until we get sick , and then we want the cure now !
And when we do n't get it , we look for a witch to blame , because witch - hunting is something the human brain does naturally .
Certainly it naturally sucks at doing science ; much unnatural training is required for that .
But gossiping and witch - finding and crime - solving and conspiracy - theories -- that really gets the heart going .
I see it has yours going , when the science was really boring !
Which is to you say , you 're a typical human female .
So forget it .
We 're destined to spend our national money finding witches and blowing stuff up , because that 's what our brains do best .
It 's going to take science to keep us from dying of disease and age , but we 're not so good at that .
So it 's gunna hurt when you personally get old , because the stuff you want can't be gotten by killing somebody ( the male tack ) , or by finding somebody to blame for why it does n't exist ( the female tack ) .
It can only be gotten by years of patient scientific research .
Which is * boring * compared with Republican macho bombs and Democratic mommy - liberal blame - games .
Lots of luck to you .
You probably think that when you need advanced medicine , like stem cell transplants or something , you 'll be able to buy it at some extravagant price , immediately , off the shelf .
But you 're wrong .
Politics sometimes works that way .
Nature generally does n't .
SBH
ATLANTA , Georgia ( CNN ) --
For 63 years , Martin Vogel longed for information about how his only brother -- his best friend and a fellow U.S. soldier -- died in World War II .
Bernard " Jack " Vogel died in a Nazi slave camp in the arms of fellow U.S. soldier , Anthony Acevedo , in 1945 .
more photos »
He knew that Bernard " Jack " Vogel had tried to escape from a Nazi prisoner - of - war camp , but the details were sketchy .
Martin was so devastated after the war , he did n't ask too many questions .
But as time passed , his thoughts often drifted to his brother .
" A month does n't go by that it does n't come up in the course of my own thoughts , " said Martin Vogel , now 82 .
" But to me , it 's always there :
What if this ?
Why did n't he do this ?
And what happened to him ?
And that 's what bothered me . "
The Boston resident read an article last week on CNN.com about Anthony Acevedo , a World War II medic who was among 350 U.S. soldiers held in a Nazi slave camp called Berga an der Elster , where dozens of soldiers were beaten , starved and killed .
Less than half survived captivity , according to Acevedo .
In the piece , Acevedo mentioned a soldier by the name of Vogel who died in his arms .
Listen as Acevedo tells Martin Vogel : " I had him in my arms " »
For the first time in his life , Martin Vogel was about to learn the truth about his brother 's death .
By week 's end , he would also learn about his uncle 's undying love for his brother -- and what he believes is the ultimate betrayal by the country his brother died for , the United States of America .
" You do n't know how much this means , " Martin Vogel said between sobs .
" You do n't know how much this means . "
Born February 9 , 1924 , in Brooklyn , New York , Bernard Vogel was in his sophomore year at Brooklyn College when he was drafted for war in 1944 .
He arrived in the European Theater in September as a private first class in the 106th Infantry Division .
He was captured by the Nazis in December of that year and first sent to a POW camp known as Stalag IX - B in Bad Orb , Germany .
From there , the Nazis separated 350 U.S. soldiers for being Jewish or " looking like Jews " and sent them to the slave camp around February 8 , 1945 .
To this day , the U.S. Army has never officially recognized its soldiers were held as slaves inside Germany .
Survivors of the camp signed documents to never speak about their captivity .
Watch diary of a POW at slave camp »
CNN put Martin Vogel in touch with Acevedo and another camp survivor , Myron Swack .
Both men were able to provide details he so desperately longed for -- although the truth was often difficult to hear .
Bernard Vogel had tried to escape from the camp in early April with another soldier , Isadore " Izzy " Cohen of California .
Their escape came as a surprise to the other soldiers -- neither knew German , and typically word got around if a soldier was going to make a run for it , Swack said .
" They actually escaped .
They took off across a field .
I did n't know they were planning to do it , " Swack said .
The Germans captured both men and were intent to set an example .
They knew the war was rapidly coming to an end , and they were n't about to let two soldiers get away with trying to escape .
Vogel and Cohen , both Jewish , were forced to stand in front of the barracks at Berga , with no food or water .
The two American soldiers -- who had already lost about half their body weight -- stood day and night , for at least two days , before they crumpled to the ground .
" They had to stand out in front of the barracks , and we were told if anybody tried to help them , they would be killed , " Swack told Martin Vogel via phone in a conference call set up by CNN .
" They stood there until they collapsed , Izzy Cohen and Bernard , both . "
" It must 've been at least two or three days .
And they were n't that strong to start off with .
When they took off , I do n't know what they had with them .
I was kinda surprised , because I knew Bernard and I knew Izzy pretty well .
And they never mentioned the fact they were even thinking about it . "
At times , Martin Vogel wept during the phone conversation with Swack .
" It was such a tremendous blow to me , " he said .
" Yes , it was , " Swack said .
" I promised Izzy Cohen that I would write a letter to his wife , which I did . "
By the time Bernard Vogel came into the care of Acevedo , he was near death .
Listen to phone conversation between Acevedo and Martin Vogel »
" I was holding him , " Acevedo told Martin Vogel in a separate call .
" We were in the barracks on one of the bunks , lower bunk .
And I had him in my arms .
I had some food that I wanted to feed him .
And he did n't want to answer .
He did n't want to say nothing -- but just go .
He did n't feel like he was gonna make it .
He felt like he was dying .
He said , ' I want to die , I want to die . ' "
" Oh , my , " Vogel said softly .
" I wanted to feed him , to make him eat .
And he would n't eat at all .
He was very weak .
...
When he died , he went into a zone , a sleep , very slowly because he could n't make it anymore . "
Watch Acevedo describe providing closure to a family after 63 years »
It was April 9 , 1945 , agonizingly close to the end of the war in Europe .
At that very time Martin Vogel was guarding a German prisoner - of - war camp inside Germany , under the mandates of international law .
Martin Vogel , then 17 , had volunteered for service , because he wanted to be like his older brother .
" We did everything together , " he said .
How does it feel after six decades to learn his brother had died in the arms of a fellow soldier ?
" I have been so emotional today finding it out , " Vogel said .
" It just brought back all these old memories .
I remember my brother so well .
He and I got along so well ; we were only a year and a half apart .
And all of a sudden , a whole past has come up in the present , and it's a very emotional situation right now . "
But the story does n't end here .
It picks up with Charles Vogel , the uncle of Bernard and Martin .
A veteran of World War I , Charles Vogel was a dogged and powerful attorney who was devastated by the loss of his nephew .
At the time , he was the lead attorney for Adams Hats , with a Manhattan office at 1440 Broadway .
Working pro bono , Charles Vogel contacted more than 100 survivors of the Nazi slave camp after the war and built a case against the two Berga commanders : Erwin Metz and his superior , Hauptmann Ludwig Merz .
He turned over his findings to the U.S. War Department , and the material was used against Metz and Merz in a war crimes trial in Germany .
Not a single Berga survivor was allowed to testify at the trial .
Metz and Merz were both sentenced to die by hanging .
But on June 11 , 1948 , Charles Vogel received devastating news from the U.S. War Department .
Read the entire document and Charles Vogel 's response »
" The sentence of Metz was reduced to life imprisonment and that of Merz to a term of five years .
Because of the voluminousness of the record it is not possible to set forth in detail reasons for the reduction of the sentences , " wrote Col. Edward H. Young , the chief of the War Crimes Branch , Civil Affairs Division , in a one - page letter .
One week later , Charles Vogel fired off a terse , four - page response , expressing outrage and urging the government to try the men again , this time allowing Berga survivors to testify about what they endured .
" The information contained in your letter of 11 June 1948 is a surprise and shock , " Charles Vogel wrote .
He spent the next few months gathering signatures of dozens of " survivors of this horror and by the next - of - kin of the G.I. dead . "
Charles Vogel went straight to the top of the U.S. government , pleading in a petition to President Harry Truman , Secretary of State George Marshall and Defense Secretary James Forrestal to act against " these monsters . "
" The civilian prisoners received treatment on a par with that at Buchenwald and Dachau [ Nazi concentration camps ] .
This in itself is sufficient cause for Merz and Metz to hang .
The added crime that American G.I.s were treated so inhumanly magnifies their guilt .
Merz and Metz were tried by the War Crimes Court and sentenced to hang , " Charles Vogel said in his petition .
See horrors of Buchenwald »
" We urge that you use your full powers to procure at least a RETRIAL to which American G.I. survivors can be sent to testify , if direct reversal of the commutation of their sentences cannot be obtained , so that these two barbaric murderers can receive the full justice they merit by American standards . "
It 's not clear if Truman ever responded , but the justice that Charles Vogel hoped for would never come .
Metz had his sentence reduced again , and by the early - to mid-1950s , both men were free .
The news could n't have sat well with Laura M. Ryan , the mother of Pfc. Harold C. Kelly of New York .
She had written Charles Vogel on July 12 , 1946 , telling him that her beloved boy died a horrible death at Berga , a subcamp of Buchenwald where thousands of Jews and other political prisoners were killed .
" Hoping the Beasts that caused these poor boys [ to suffer ] will receive their proper deserts -- as a quick death , I think , is too good for them .
They should be starved and beaten the same way until they are dead , " Ryan wrote .
Today , Martin Vogel explains he never knew the full details of the work by " Uncle Charlie , " as he calls him .
He had only known that his uncle fought a legal battle for his brother and formed a group called " Berga Survivors . "
" He was sort of secretive about what he had done , " he said , adding , " In those days , right after this happened , I really was in no mood to talk about that . "
After speaking with CNN as well as Acevedo and Swack , Martin Vogel began thinking more about his uncle .
He found , buried in a closet in his house , dozens of original documents that his uncle kept -- letters from the War Department , the petition to Truman and documents from Berga survivors .
It turns out that one of the first U.S. soldiers to provide Charles Vogel with the name of the German commander at Berga was Anthony Acevedo .
" The Commander of our prison camp was a well known man in Berga .
His name is Metz ( Sgt. Metz ) , " Acevedo wrote August 21 , 1946 .
Acevedo had also provided the U.S. War Department with the commander 's name .
Six decades later , the name of Metz brings a long pause to those who survived .
" He actually murdered several GIs -- no question about it , " Swack said .
" He killed a friend of mine , named Morton Goldstein .
Goldstein actually escaped .
He spoke fluent German , and they brought him back .
...
There was a bullet hole in his head .
He was shot to pieces .
They threw his body in front of the barracks to set an example .
" They were real butchers .
They were the real bastards of the world . "
In December last year , U.S. Reps .
Joe Baca , D - California , and Spencer Bachus , R - Alabama , drafted legislation to finally recognize the Berga soldiers , " honoring the heroic service and sacrifice of the 350 American soldiers detained at the Nazi camp . "
" Congressional recognition of these brave soldiers is long overdue , " Bachus said in a written statement .
" Their story is an integral part of the history of World War II , and their conduct under the most extreme and trying conditions is an enormous credit to themselves and their country . "
The bill is yet to pass .
Linda Macias , a spokeswoman for Baca , says , " we will continue to push on the Berga resolution . "
" I think it would validate our service , " said Norman Fellman , another Berga survivor .
" There 's a certain amount of pain involved when the country you serve fails to acknowledge the conditions under which you were kept . "
CNN 's Thelma Gutierrez and Traci Tamura contributed to this report .
All About The Holocaust • United States Holocaust Memorial Museum • Nazi Party
Kevin Cronin , Hawaii 's chief election officer for the state , tells Eli Sanders that Obama 's grandmother has voted , and her vote will be counted , despite her having died before election day :
Ms. Dunham ’s absentee mail ballot was received and reviewed under the Hawaii standards for processing absentee mail ballots …
She was alive at that time .
Her ballot will be opened tomorrow , and it will be counted in the same way that all absentee voters would be treated under our law .
Ex -Treasury Secretary Paul O’Neill , one of many disaffected former Bush White House officials , recounts Vice - President Dick Cheney saying in a 2002 White House meeting : “ Reagan proved that deficits do n’t matter . ”
The Bush / Cheney years prove that the rule of law and truth do n’t matter .
This has assumed many different expressions : losing elections and getting the most votes do n’t matter , torture does n’t matter , committing war crimes as policy and getting caught do n’t matter , separation of powers does n’t matter , attacking countries that have not attacked you first does n’t matter , international law , Nuremberg , the Geneva Convention , and the UN Charter do n’t matter , the Constitution and the Bill of Rights do n’t matter , being repeatedly caught red - handed lying and committing felonies do n’t matter , having the Democrats holding the majority in Congress does n’t matter , science , evolution , and global warming do n’t matter , being an American in the face of a Category 4 hurricane does n’t matter , running up unbelievable deficits , carrying out policies that show themselves to be disasters does n’t matter , being more unpopular for a longer time than any White House in at least polling history does n’t matter … the list goes on and on .
In fact , just listing the items in this manner could go on for 10,000 words or more without any elaboration attempted .
It ’s mind - boggling what Bush and Cheney have shown does n’t matter .
The sheer magnitude of their ambitions and mission - their very audaciousness - are astonishing .
But what is even more amazing … is that they have been successful .
As I write these words , it appears as if they will serve out the entirety of their two illegitimately seized two terms in the White House without indictments and without impeachment .
While a few individuals within the political leadership class in this country have dissented , and a few individual journalists have done their best to call out the sins of omission and commission of this regime , Bush and Cheney have gotten their way virtually every time .
And when they have been blocked , by , for example , a bedridden and hospitalized John Ashcroft for whom even Bush and Cheney ’s latest demands for unrestricted access to every Americans ’ phone calls and Internet activity was too much , they have simply backed off and found another way to get what they wanted .
Ashcroft wo n’t co-operate ?
No problem .
We ’ll get the Congress , even if it ’s a Democratic ruled Congress , to pass the “ Protect America Act ” and the telecom amnesty bill and thus legalize what we wanted to do and legalize what we were doing before when it was patently illegal .
Bush and Cheney have screamed and yelled like spoiled rich kids when they do n’t get what they want and even when caught with their hands in the cookie jar , even when caught beating up and torturing the pets and neighborhood kids , including killing some of them , and lying about it , they have gotten their way .
Grasping the Bush regime ’s precedents is central to understanding the Bush / Cheney legacy .
It ’s a poisoned path almost impossible to overestimate in its significance .
* * *
When I think about Bush and Cheney ’s legacy , the image that keeps coming to mind is that of a black hood , covering an anonymous prisoner , held in indefinite captivity and tortured at Abu Ghraib , at Guantanamo , at Bagram , in Egypt , Syria , Uzbekistan , or in all too many other places where prisoners have been rendered extraordinarily , human beings treated like meat by tenderizing , through beatings .
Bush and Cheney are modern day Torquemadas , revivers and open exponents of that exquisite Spanish Inquisition innovation for torturing critics , unbelievers , and heretics : waterboarding .
Unjustly shed blood spreads in an ever - widening pool from foreign lands , now splashing onto our American sidewalks and in police interrogation rooms : “ shock and awe ” comes home .
Pre-emptive wars abroad beget pre-emptive arrests of American demonstrators in St. Paul before the RNC .
Torture of non-Americans abroad begets torture of an American , one of the RNC 8 , here at home .
Trumped up charges of terrorism off our shores begets domestic terrorism charges of U.S. citizens attempting to exercise their rights of speech and assembly .
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Windows Vista is in more legal hot water and this time the ones getting wet are the companies who 've rolled out the operating system , not Microsoft .
A series of lawsuits have been brought against major US companies by staff claiming unpaid overtime based on the time it takes Windows Vista to start up and shut down .
Mark Thierman , a solo legal practitioner based in Reno , Nevada , told The Reg employees are losing up to two hours of pay a week thanks to Windows Vista .
Thierman calculated damages could run into millions of dollars over a three - year period .
He 's representing employees of Cigna health insurance , with cases also pending against AT&T Inc and UnitedHealth Group covering thousands of employees .
Thierman said the Windows Vista problem particularly affects workers paid by the hour , in places like call centers or in retail .
The crux of the issue is the fact that some companies have connected time - keeping systems to their PCs .
These systems are not activated until the user logs in , which is taking up to 15 minutes after the machine running Windows Vista has been turned on thanks to the long boot cycle .
This means staff are in the office or shop but not officially working until they 've logged in
And when it comes to shutting down , people are logging off but hanging about without pay as the PC goes through the equally long shut - down cycle .
Thierman called the idea of wiring time - keeping systems into the PC a glitch that sounded like a good idea at the time . ®
" If anyone young is reading this , go , right this minute , put on a bikini and do n't take it off until you 're 34 . "
This is Nora Ephron , reminding us that now — right now — is the peak naked moment of our lives , the highest point on a steep slope of sagging .
I remembered this rule when my email dinged with a dinner invitation .
The invite contained details about the host ( a friend of a friend ) , the cuisine ( Indian ) and the attire ( none ) .
A nude dinner party .
I was petrified .
I am an enthusiast of other naked activities — skinny dipping , showers , sex .
But unlike dinner , those all start with ‘s . ’
This seems important .
Also , they all involve doing something .
A lengthy swimming career taught me that many people are attractive naked not because of their bodies ’ particulars , but because of the way those bodies move .
It ’s why the prettiest people are not always the most sought after .
Movement is important .
When stationary , my lower body looks like a bean bag chair .
Looking at her breasts six inches from the bread , I lost my appetite .
But I wondered .
Nudity is something I can deal with .
Perhaps I am a closet nudist .
Perhaps nudism is my new untapped outlet , ready to occupy the empty space in my life between knitting and Netflix .
I rang the bell , and a geeky , middle - aged man in bifocals stuck his head around the door .
Richard .
He pointed to a stack of towels next to the door .
The only rule of nudist events is that you sit on a towel .
These were hand towels ; I was expecting beach .
I was on Richard ’s email list because I ’d heard that a computer programmer arranges all - expense - paid trips to Florida and the Caribbean for nudist rookies .
Richard , the programmer , is a sort of ringleader for New York City nudists , making frequent trips to naturist resorts in Tampa , Palm Springs , St. Maarten 's and Maine , bringing along groups of four - to - 30 people .
Behind him , another naked man with long brown hair sat with a laptop at the kitchen table .
Richard informed me that the female guests were running late .
I wondered if stripping with two strange men in a strange apartment was unwise .
I scanned .
They seemed passive , and I decided they probably would n't attack me .
On the wall , a digital picture frame flashed group shots of smiling naked people .
They did n’t look like they ’d been attacked recently .
I went into the bathroom , stripped , and took out the beach towel I 'd brought from home .
I emerged and gingerly sat down on the towel on the couch , legs tightly crossed .
Naked dinner is sort of like public speaking : it takes a couple minutes to win over the crowd , except you ’re the crowd .
Richard told me about his gig as an extra on Fur , reenacting famous Diane Arbus portraits , while I struggled to find a flattering or comfortable upright couch position .
Richard did n’t hold back : one leg out to the side , balls in full view .
It was n’t lewd .
When you look at Richard , you understand why he 's naked :
He looks like he should be naked .
Dressed , he would be a 2.5 ; naked , he 's a 7.0 .
He 's rotund - yet - firm , tan everywhere and fully comfortable in his nudity .
He says he spends most of his home - time in the buff .
The rest of the guests blew in , three late - twenties women , a masseuse and two teachers , who stripped in front of the door and plopped down on the couches and floor .
And a 30 - ish Asian guy , who announced his recent victory on Pants Off Dance Off , a program on the Fuse Network that TV Guide called “ the dumbest show on television . ”
Contestants have three minutes to strip while dancing in a three - foot - square box .
We watched the episode clip .
He is indeed very talented at stripping in a three - foot - square box .
I relaxed .
When other naked people are calm , you 're calm .
My earlier theory that moving is a pivotal part of nudity is all wrong .
Moving while naked is a pain in the ass .
It ’s hard to get off a low couch while adhering to society ’s Keep Your Legs Closed Always rule .
But I made it to the dining room table , and dinner proceeded much like any other -- chitchat about work , discussion of how cool it is to win $ 200 for three minutes of stripping in a box .
There was no sexual vibe .
Through three courses of Indian food , I found that my need to check out men ’s packages had passed in its entirety , and that skin is just another set of clothes .
People carry themselves differently when naked ; it ’s more authentic .
You can read who people are at a glance .
I imagined the heavily makeup ’ed fashionistas of my Upper East Side neighborhood melting down under these conditions , their coiffed facades broken , their personalities unable to function in the harsh light of reality .
There ’s something very real about naked dinner .
New York City is one of the worst places on earth to be a nudist .
The exposure laws are strict , and there ’s one nude beach for eight million residents .
Richard says he leads trips because he has the money , and because otherwise people would never learn how comfortable naturism is .
There ’s no sex involved on his part .
His dinner guests seemed free , getting a dopamine high off the rarity of what we were doing .
I was not high .
My hand hurt because I could not stop gripping my towel .
I sat on it , or held it in my hand , or carried it around the apartment , clutching it like child ’s security blanket .
As long as I held it , everything would be okay .
Could n’t .
Let. Go .
Also .
Could n’t .
Eat .
There are two types of people : those who look better dressed ( Gwyneth Paltrow ) , and those who look better naked ( Pamela Anderson ) , and one of the former was sitting directly across from me , a thin bank teller who was quite foxy clothed .
But naked , she was thin and somehow unappetizing , and for reasons I can’t articulate , looking at her breasts six inches from the bread , I lost my appetite .
I felt guilty about this .
After dessert , people lounged on the couches for a while , then pulled on their clothes in the entryway .
I ’ll save you suspense : I did not become a card - carrying nudist .
I politely declined Richard ’s invitation for a trip a sunny resort somewhere down south , and happily escaped to the bathroom , because getting dressed is a private activity .
Never was I so excited to see my bra .
Arianne Cohen 's work has appeared in The New York Times , O , New York , Marie Claire , Popular Science , Fast Company , Nerve.com and the New York Times Magazine , among others .
She is author of the upcoming The Tall Book : A Celebration of Life from On High ( Bloomsbury , June 2009 ) , the definitive book about the tall life .
She was , at one point , one half the country ’s tallest couple with her 7 ’ 2 ” partner .
You can stalk her via ariannecohen.com .
Thursday , 06 Nov , 2008 Technology
The first bionic hand in the world that was launched into the market is considered one of this year 's top inventions .
The developer of the i-LIMB hand is Touch Bionics , a company based in Livingston .
Time magazine included the bionic hand in its list of top 50 innovations along with probably one of the ground breaking inventions of this century , Hadron Collider .
The invention was settled on the 14th place , surpassing NASA 's Mars Exploration Rover .
It took the developers 20 years to create the i-LIMB .
Each of the five fingers on the bionic hand works separately , which makes the invention more versatile than other artificial hands created earlier .
It is worth mentioning that previously developed artificial limbs could perform only uncomplicated opening and closing motions , the company 's official website reports .
The new invention can perform a wide range of actions .
For example , the i-LIMB can perform a credit - card grip , being bale to hold narrow objects .
In addition , the bionic hand has a power hold for bigger objects , such as , for instance , mugs .
One of the key features is the material from which the bionic hand is made of , i.e. high - strength plastics , which make the i-LIMB lightweight , robust and highly appealing to patients .
Developers made it possible for the fingers to be unscrewed from the hand , so it would be easier to service .
Previous artificial hands had to be completely removed in case they broke , which was rather uncomfortable since the amputees had to wait for weeks until their prosthetic hand is fixed .
Since the launch of the device , over 400 amputees benefited from the new bionic hand , which was characterized by Stuart Mead , the CEO of Touch Bionics , as one of the company 's greatest accomplishments .
He was very honored with fact that the i-LIMB was listed in Time magazine along with many incredible inventions of 2008 .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
The economy shrank at a 0.3 percent annual rate in the third quarter , its sharpest contraction in seven years as consumers cut spending and businesses reduced investment in the face of rising fears that recession was setting in .
The Commerce Department said the third - quarter contraction in gross domestic product was the steepest since the corresponding quarter in 2001 though it was slightly less than the 0.5 percent rate of reduction that Wall Street economists surveyed by Reuters had forecast .
More spending by the government partly offset a sharp retreat by consumers .
The third - quarter contraction was a striking turnaround from the second quarter ’s relatively brisk 2.8 percent rate of growth .
It occurred during financial market turmoil that has heightened worry about a potentially lengthy U.S. recession .
Consumer spending , which fuels two - thirds of U.S. economic growth , fell at a 3.1 percent rate in the third quarter -- the first cut in quarterly spending since the closing quarter of 1991 and the biggest since the second quarter of 1980 .
Spending on nondurable goods -- items like food and paper products -- dropped at the sharpest rate since late 1950 .
“ We are being held up here by government spending , which added 1.1 percentage points to GDP growth , ” said Robert Brusca , chief economist with Fact And Opinion Economics in new York .
“ The GDP number does n’t reveal the weakness because ( of ) the impact of international trade .
... it ’s a warning how weak the economy is . ”
Continuing job losses coupled with declines in the value of stocks , other investments and housing prices have put consumers under severe stress .
The GDP report showed that disposable personal income dropped at an 8.7 percent rate in the third quarter -- the steepest since quarterly records on this component were started in 1947 -- after rising 11.9 percent in the second quarter when most of economic stimulus payments still were flowing .
U.S. stock index futures and the dollar extended gains on the better - than expected GDP data , while U.S. government debt prices extended losses .
Separately , the Labor Department said weekly claims for new unemployment benefits continued at a lofty 479,000 last week , a level that signals weak hiring prospects and is likely to intensify consumer anxiety .
Consumers cut spending on durable goods like cars and furniture at a 14.1 percent annual rate in the third quarter , the biggest cut in this category of spending since the beginning of 1987 .
Car dealers have said that sales have virtually stalled , in part because tight credit makes it hard for even creditworthy buyers to get loans .
Businesses also were clearly wary about the future , cutting investments at a 1 percent rate after boosting them 2.5 percent in the second quarter .
It was the first reduction in business investment since the end of 2006 .
Inventories of unsold goods backed up at a $ 38.5 - billion rate in the third quarter after rising $ 50.6 billion in the second quarter .
The third - quarter GDP number would have been worse except for a surge in federal government spending , which shot up at a 13.8 percent annual rate .
That was more than double the second quarter ’s 6.6 percent rate of increase and was the strongest since the second quarter of 2003 when the war in Iraq began .
Prices were still rising relatively strongly in the third quarter , with the personal consumption expenditures index up at a 5.4 percent annual rate , the sharpest since early 1990 .
Even excluding volatile food and energy items , core prices grew at a 2.9 percent rate , up from the second quarter ’s 2.2 percent rise .
However , oil prices peaked in July and many commodity prices have begun to ease .
The Federal Reserve indicated on Wednesday when it slashed interest rates again that its concern for the future was focused more heavily on weak growth than on inflation .
Notes from the Ruby Manor 2008 ( part 2 )
So this is Ruby Manor part 2 .
After the Ruby Manor morning session we had a tasty pub lunch , rocked up a little late , and settled down to an interesting afternoon of Ruby talks ...
Again , the errors and omissions are mine .
Jonathan Conway -- Neo4J
In the beginning we had flat files .
They worked well .
Then we got relational databases .
Great for ad - hoc queries and they allow you to define relational constraints .
Brilliant .
However , there are problems ...
When you try and map an object into a relational table you can run into issues .
Jonathan pointed out other issues too , but I think I missed them .
My mistake ( I 'd just had lunch and was slightly snoozy ) ...
There are plenty of ORMs to choose from , such as ActiveRecord , Datamapper , Sequel and Og .
When we use an ORM we move the constraints out of the database and into the model .
It 's a nice way to work , but you 're no longer using the relational database in the way that it was designed to be used .
You end up with semi-structured data ( data that has very few mandatory fields but many optional fields ) and sparse tables .
You then find that you need to partition your tables sooner than you would do if you had properly structured data .
Maybe the relational database is n't a one size fits all solution .
There are other possibilites :
Column oriented databases ( e.g. lucid ) .
Document oriented databases ( such as CouchDB ) .
Graph oriented databases ( e.g. Neo4J ) .
Neo4J uses a graph as the underlying data structure .
It 's based on Java , but has a small memory footprint .
It 's also very fast , a benefit of being embedded in the JVM .
There 's a Ruby wrapper -- Neo4J.rb .
It 's available on github .
Queries are written using Lucene .
All nodes in the graph -- and the relationships between them -- can have properties defined on them .
They 're exposed as simple hashes in Ruby .
Jonathan does n't think that Neo4J.rb is production ready yet , but Neo4J itself is .
Also see http://neotechnology.com.
It sounds pretty interesting -- well worth a look if you 're interested in database technology .
Martin Loughran -- APICache
Martin got up and did a lightning talk on his APICache project ; a useful little library for improving the resilience of sites that rely on ( sometimes flaky ) third party APIs .
Alex McCaw -- Acts as Recommendable
Alex works at Made By Many where he developed the Acts as Recommendable plugin .
It allows you to add a recommendations system to your Rails app , and was largely developed using O'Reilly 's Programming Collective Intelligence .
There are three basic approaches to recommendations :
Content based ( e.g. bayesian filtering ) .
User based .
Item based .
Acts as Recommendable uses item based recommendations .
To use the plugin you need to define a has_many : through relationship between your models , then call acts_as_recommendable :
class User < ActiveRecord :: Base has_many :user_books has_many :books , : through => :user_books acts_as_recommendable :books , : through => : user_books
end
You will then have these extra methods on your models :
User#similar_users User#recommended_books Book#similar_books
In this example the second two methods are the really useful ones .
You can obviously store things on the join table , such as a score ( if you 're interested in making a rating system you can add a rating column to your join table ) .
You can choose from the following algorightms : Manhattan distance , Euclidean distance , Cosine , Pearson correlation coefficient , Jaccard , Levenshtein .
Alex described some of the issues that they ran into whilst developing Acts as Recommendable .
They had to work around scaling issues ( such as queries that pulled every row from their tables ) , caching issues , problems with Ruby ( it could n't cope with data sets so large ) , and performance problems with the algorithm .
They solved all the issues ( though I did n't quite grasp the full details of how they went about it ) , split the cache up , and re-implemented slow code ( the Pearson algorithm ) in C .
Alex 's advice when implementing acts_as_recommendable :
You do n't want to have too many relationships .
You do n't want to have too many items ( but it 's been tested with 100,000 ) .
Setup the similarity relationships for items , not users .
To scale it further you can use K Means clustering or split your clusters by category ( which is the way Amazon does it ) .
You need to start splitting your clusters once you get to approximately 100,000 items .
The plugin can probably cope with up to 200,000 items , but you can always partition your data and use Nanite or map reduce to scale it further .
This is clearly pretty clever stuff .
I 've missed many of the details from Alex 's slides ; hopefully he 'll upload his slides to his blog .
The code is in github ( for a change ) .
There 's also a Collective Intelligence video from Goruco 2008 that 's worth watching .
Sean O'Halpin -- Unobtrusive Metaprogramming
What does unobtrusive mean ?
In this context it's " polite , considerate " .
About being nice .
And metaprogramming ?
" Programs that write programs are the happiest programs in the world . " ( Andrew Hume )
Before you load ActiveSupport you have 75 methods on a Ruby object .
After you load ActiveSupport you have 173 .
Sean 's point is that Rails messes with stuff .
By defining methods on Object rails can affect what you 're doing in your own namespace .
For example , Rails defines an inspect on class that hits the database .
Would you expect that ?
More to the point , people who think that 's okay frighten the crap out of me ...
So ( assuming you 're not also slightly scared by these people ) what 's the problem ?
Namespace pollution :
You can't use the names you want , your code is not safe , and you get clashes that can be hard to debug ( we 've all been there ) .
Documentation pollution : rubydoc documents all methods on your object , so all this extra cruft ends up in your docs .
Cognitive pollution :
What does an object do ?
You can't tell by looking at its capabilities .
So it 's about pollution then .
Stinky .
Why does this happen ?
The obvious answer is that it 's easy .
But it 's one thing to monkey patch classes / objects in your own application .
It 's another thing entirely to do it in a reusable library ; you affect everybody .
How should we solve these problems ?
Use functions that accept an object and return a modified version ( i.e. you do n't need to monkey patch another method onto an object -- functions are okay ) .
Use namespaces ( i.e. modules ) .
Hide your mess .
Sean then showed us some rather clever code for " hiding your mess " .
Hopefully he 'll post the code online .
If he does , check out the KittySafe module .
And as Sean pointed out , we each paid 23 p ( 8 minutes out of 8 hours ) to hear his talk .
Bargain .
It would have been even better value if somebody had n't been heckling halfway through ( cheers for your input Piers , but have you considered being slightly more unobtrusive yourself by saving your quibbles until the end of the presentation ? ) .
James Darling -- Government Hack Day
James is organising a government hack day .
He 's realised that it 's difficult to persuade the powers that be to open up information behind freely available APIs .
Most people just do n't appreciate the benefit of mashups ( release the data and goodness is bound to follow ) until you show them .
The plan is to get some data together ( he 'll be launching a wiki to collaborate on data gathering ) , get some interested coders together , then we can all spend 24 hours producing some incredible goodness .
The results will ( at the very least ) help to demonstrate to those who hold the keys just how much could be done if the government adopted the same approach .
Interested parties can sign up on the UK Government Hack Day site ( which was later renamed to rewiredstate.org ) .
So sign up !
David Black -- Ruby 1.9
This is a talk about the changes in Ruby 1.9 .
Ruby 1.8.7 has a bunch of features that were backported from 1.9 , but David is looking at the changes between 1.8.6 and 1.9 .
Method and block argument semantics
Required arguments can now come after optional arguments .
If you call the method below with two arguments they 'll get bound to a and c ( i.e. required arguments get serviced first ) :
def m(a , b = 1 , c )
Required args can now come after wildcard aguments :
def m(a , *b , c )
Arguments can be grouped with parentheses for dealing with arguments passed as arrays .
If you call the method below with [ 1 , 2 ] , 3 then a will be 1 , b 2 and c 3 .
If you call it with 1 , 2 then a will be 1 , b will be nil and c will be 2 .
def m((a , b ) , c )
Block and method argument semantics have now effectively been merged , though they were different in previous versions of Ruby .
This means you can pass optional arguments to blocks , use the parentheses above , etc .
Block variable scoping rules
In Ruby 1.8 :
a = 1 Proc.new { |a| }.call ( 30 ) a #=> 30
In Ruby 1.9 :
a = 1 Proc.new { |a| }.call ( 30 ) a #=> 1
However if the variable you update is n't the block argument then it'll still get changed in Ruby 1.9 :
a = 1 ; { a = 2 } # a is now 2
Unless you specify it after a semicolon , which declares the variable to be a block local variable :
a = 1 ; { |x ; a| a = 2 } # a is still 1
Enumerators
Enumerator objects have all the methods you get in the Enumerable module , but they do n't know how to find their next item .
So you have to tell them .
You can teach the object how to do it by passing a block when you instantiate it , or you can get it to borrow each from somewhere else .
Here 's an example :
enum = Enumerator.new do |y| y << [ " New York " , " NY " ] y << [ " Florida " , " FL " ] y << [ " Texas " , " TX " ] end enum .
each do |state , abbr| puts " #{abbr} is short for #{state} " end
Once your object knows how to handle each you can happily call all the other Enumerable methods such as map .
Nice .
David then showed us a neat bit of code for XOR 'ing a string ( that I think he wrote earlier today in response to Paul pointing out how much easier it is to do in Perl ) that took advantage of these new enum capabilities .
Sorry , I did n't capture the details ...
Good talk .
He 's an entertaining chap .
Wrapping Up
It 's been a great day .
Excellent work James and Murray .
Why are n't more conferences like this ?
I think I may actually have made money out of turning up .
No really .
You see , in order to break even ( having paid for the room , audio equipment , projector , etc. ) the conference only needed 66 attendees .
It was fully booked with 130 people .
All the spare cash was put behind the bar downstairs .
I do n't know about you , but I 've never been to a conference that cost 12 quid ( quid = British pounds ) and came with five free pints of beer .
We did n't even manage to drink the bar dry ( a poor show , but in our defense it was a subsidised University bar ) , so it stretched to half a curry for those of us that made it .
Genius , really .
I love feedback and questions — please get in touch on Twitter or leave a comment .
The Victoria School of Business and Technology in Canada could have probably taken a more original approach when designing their logo , but I doubt Apple is protecting themselves from much by suing the hell out of them .
Are students showing up at Apple stores demanding that the so - called " Genius Bar " reconsider their essays marks ?
Are Apple store employees inadvertently showing up at the school and teaching hours and hours of " How to use iPhoto " classes ?
Apple is just trying to prevent the devaluation of their logo here , but it never looks good when you sue a school , even if that school is a for - profit vocational tech college .
[ CBC via MacNN ]
Advertisement
A Climate Gift for Future Generations Ecuador Seeks to Commercialize Rainforest
Ecuador is the first country in the world to announce plans to leave the oil reserves beneath its rainforests in the ground .
The country wants foreign businesses , including German companies , to compensate it for making this sacrifice .
Von Christian Schwägerl
Every so often , a famous actor or producer will contact Seymour Hersh , wanting to make a movie about his most famous story : his single - handed uncovering , in 1969 , of the My Lai massacre , in which an American platoon stormed a village in South Vietnam and , finding only its elderly , women and children , launched into a frenzy of shooting , stabbing and gang - raping .
It won him a Pulitzer prize and hastened the end of the Vietnam war .
Mostly , they come to see him in his office in downtown Washington , a two - room suite that he has occupied for the past 17 years .
Do they like what they see ?
You bet they do , even if the movie has yet to be made .
' Brad Pitt loved this place , ' says Hersh with a wolfish grin .
' It totally fits the cliché of the grungy reporter 's den ! '
When last he renewed the lease , he tells me , he made it a condition of signing that the office would not be redecorated - the idea of moving all his stuff was too much .
It 's not hard to see why .
Slowly , I move my head through 180 degrees , trying not to panic at the sight of so much paper piled so precipitously .
Before me are 8,000 legal notepads , or so it seems , each one filled with a Biro Cuneiform of scribbled telephone numbers .
By the time I look at Hersh again - the full panorama takes a moment or two - he is silently examining the wall behind his desk , which is grey with grime , and striated as if a billy goat had sharpened its horns on it .
And then there is Hersh himself , a splendid sight .
After My Lai , he was hired by the New York Times to chase the tail of the Watergate scandal , a story broken by its rival , the Washington Post .
In All the President 's Men , Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein 's book about their scoop , they describe him - the competition .
He was unlike any reporter they 'd ever seen : ' Hersh , horn - rimmed and somewhat pudgy , showed up for dinner in old tennis shoes , a frayed pinstriped shirt that might have been at its best in his college freshman year and rumpled , bleached khakis . '
Forty years on , little has changed .
Today he is in trainers , chinos and a baggy navy sweatshirt and - thanks to a tennis injury - he is walking like an old guy : chest forward , knees bandy , slight limp in one leg .
There is something cherishably chaotic about him .
A fuzzy halo of frantic inquiry follows him wherever he goes , like the cloud of dust that hovers above Pig Pen in the Charlie Brown strip .
In conversation , away from the restraining hand of his bosses at the New Yorker , the magazine that is now his home , his thoughts pour forth , unmediated and - unless you concentrate very hard - seemingly unconnected .
' Yeah , I shoot my mouth off , ' he says , with faux remorse .
' There 's a huge difference between writing and thinking . '
Not that he has much time for those who put cosy pontification over the graft of reporting : ' I think ...
My colleagues !
I watch 'em on TV , and every sentence begins with the words : " I think . "
They could write a book called I Think . '
But we must backtrack a little .
Before the office , there is the breakfast joint .
Hersh and I meet at the Tabard Inn , a Washington hangout so gloomily lit I could do with a torch .
He has poached eggs and coffee and ' none of that other stuff , thanks ' .
( I think he means that he does n't want potatoes with his eggs ) .
Like everyone in America just now , he is on tenterhooks .
A Democrat who truly despises the Bush regime , he is reluctant to make predictions about exactly what is going to happen in the forthcoming election on the grounds that he might ' jinx it ' .
The unknown quantity of voter racism apart , however , he is hopeful that Obama will pull it off , and if he does , for Hersh this will be a starting gun .
' You can not believe how many people have told me to call them on 20 January [ the date of the next president 's inauguration ] , ' he says , with relish .
'[ They say : ]
" You wanna know about abuses and violations ?
Call me then . "
So that is what I 'll do , so long as nothing awful happens before the inauguration . '
He plans to write a book about the neocons and , though it wo n't change anything - ' They 've got away with it , categorically ; anyone who talks about prosecuting Bush and Cheney [ for war crimes ] is kidding themselves ' - it will reveal how the White House ' set out to sabotage the system ...
It was n't that they found ways to manipulate Congressional oversight ; they had conversations about ending the right of Congress to intervene . '
In one way , it 's amazing Hersh has anything left to say about Bush , Cheney and their antics .
Then again , with him , this pushing of a story on and on is standard practice .
Though it was Woodward and Bernstein who uncovered the significance of the burglary at the Watergate building , Hersh followed up their scoop by becoming one of Nixon 's harshest critics and by breaking stories about how the government had supported Pinochet 's 1973 coup in Chile , secretly bombed Cambodia and used the CIA to spy on its domestic enemies .
His 1983 book about Nixon , The Price of Power , is definitive .
So far as the War on Terror goes , Hersh has already delivered his alternative history - Chain of Command , a book based on the series of stories he wrote for the New Yorker in the aftermath of 9/11 and following Bush 's invasion of Iraq .
Among other things , Hersh told us of the bungled efforts to catch Osama bin Laden in Afghanistan ; of the dubious business dealings of the superhawk Richard Perle - a report that led to Perle 's resignation as chairman of the Pentagon 's Defense Policy Board ( Hersh alleged that Perle improperly mixed his business affairs with his influence over US foreign policy when he met the Saudi arms dealer Adnan Khashoggi in 2003 .
Perle described Hersh as ' the closest thing American journalism has to a terrorist ' and threatened to sue before falling oddly silent ) ; and of how Saddam 's famous efforts to buy uranium in Africa , as quoted by President Bush in his 2003 State of the Union speech , were a fiction .
Most electrifying of all , however , was his triple salvo on the abuse of Iraqi prisoners in Abu Ghraib .
It was Hersh who first revealed the full extent of this torture , for which he traced the ultimate responsibility carefully back to the upper reaches of the administration .
' In each successive report , ' writes David Remnick , the editor of the New Yorker , in his introduction to Chain of Command , 'it became clear that Abu Ghraib was not an " isolated incident " but , rather , a concerted attempt by the government and the military leadership to circumvent the Geneva Conventions in order to extract intelligence and quell the Iraqi insurgency . '
As Remnick points out , this reporting has ' stood up over time and in the face of a president whose calumny has turned out to be a kind of endorsement ' .
Bush reportedly told Pakistan 's president , Pervez Musharraf , that Hersh was ' a liar ' ; after the third of his reports on Abu Ghraib , a Pentagon spokesman announced that Hersh merely ' threw a lot of crap against the wall and he expects someone to peel off what 's real .
It 's a tapestry of nonsense . '
Earlier this year , Hersh turned his attention to Iran : to Bush 's desire to bomb it and to America 's covert operations there .
But while Hersh believes the President would still dearly love to go after Iran , the danger of that actually happening has now passed .
Events , not least the sinking of the global economy , have moved on .
So he is shortly to write about Syria instead , which he has recently visited .
In the dying days of the Bush administration , he says , it is noticeably easier to meet contacts - Cheney , the enforcer , is a lot less powerful - and the information he is getting is good .
By coincidence , it was in Syria that he first heard about what was going on inside Abu Ghraib , long before he saw documentary evidence of it .
' I got in touch with a guy inside Iraq during the Prague Spring after the fall of Baghdad , a two - star guy from the old regime .
He came up to Damascus by cab .
We talked for four days , and one of the things we talked about was prisons .
He told me that some of the women inside had been sending messages to their fathers and brothers asking them to come and kill them because they 'd been molested .
I did n't know whether it was GIs playing grab ass or what , but it was clear that the women had been shamed .
So when I first heard about the photographs , I knew they were real .
Did I think the story would be as big as it was ?
Yeah .
But was it as big as My Lai ?
No . '
Only a handful of relatively lowly military personnel have so far been punished for their part in the abuse , and Colonel Janis Karpinski , the commander of the Iraqi prisons , was merely demoted ( from Brigadier General ) , in spite of the fact that the Taguba Report , the internal US army report on detainee abuse that was leaked to Hersh , singled her out for blame .
' And John Kerry would n't even use it [ Abu Ghraib ] in his campaign .
He did n't want to offend the military , I assume . '
Four decades separate My Lai and Abu Ghraib .
You have to ask : was n't it appalling for him to be investigating US army abuses of civilians all over again ?
Did n't he think that lessons might have been learnt ?
Yes , and no .
It made him feel ' hopeless ' , but on the other hand , war is always horrible .
In 1970 , after his My Lai story , he addressed an anti-war rally and , on the spur of the moment , asked a veteran to come up and tell the crowd what some soldiers would do on their way home after a day spent moving their wounded boys .
With little prompting , the traumatised vet described how they would buzz farmers with their helicopter blades , sometimes decapitating them ; they would then clean up the helicopter before they landed back at base .
' That 's what war is like , ' he says .
' But how do you write about that ?
How do you tell the American people that ? '
Still , better to attempt to tell people than to stay feebly silent .
What really gets Hersh going - he seems genuinely bewildered by it - is the complicit meekness , the virtual collapse , in fact , of the American press since 9/11 .
In particular , he disdains its failure to question the ' evidence ' surrounding Saddam 's so - called weapons of mass destruction .
' When I see the New York Times now , it 's so shocking to me .
I joined the Times in 1972 , and I came with the mark of Cain on me because I was clearly against the war .
But my editor , Abe Rosenthal , he hired me because he liked stories .
He used to come to the Washington bureau and almost literally pat me on the head and say : " How is my little Commie today ?
What do you have for me ? "
Somehow , now , reporters are n't able to get stories in .
It was stunning to me how many good , rational people - people I respect - supported going into war in Iraq .
And it was stunning to me how many people thought you could go to war against an idea . '
As for the troop ' surge ' and its putative success , he more or less rolls his eyes when I bring this up .
' People are saying quietly that they are worried about Iraq .
This is nothing profound , but by the time the surge got going , ethnic cleansing had already happened in a lot of places .
There was a natural lull in the violence .
The moment we start withdrawing , and relying on the Shia to start paying members of the Awakening [ the alliance of Sunni insurgents whose salaries were initially paid by the US military , and who have helped to reduce violence in some provinces ] ...'
His voice trails off .
' And the big bad bogeyman is Saudi Arabia .
There 's an awful lot of money going to Salafist and Wahabist charities , and there 's no question they 'll pour money into the Awakening , and they 're so hostile to Shi'ism and to Iran that how can you possibly predict anything other than violence ?
How do we get out of this ?
There is no way out .
We have a moral obligation to the people of Iraq that goes beyond anything that anyone 's talking about .
The notion that it 's their problem , that we should just leave ...
I mean , can you believe what we 've done to their society ?
Imagine the psychosis , the insanity , that we 've induced . '
He stabs the yolk of one of his poached eggs , and sets about his toast like he has n't eaten in days .
Seymour M Hersh ( the M is for Myron ) was born in Chicago , the son of Yiddish - speaking immigrants from Lithuania and Poland ( he has a twin brother , a physicist , and two sisters , also twins ) .
The family was not rich ; his father , who died when Seymour was 17 , ran a dry- cleaning business .
After school he attended a local junior college until a professor took him aside , asked him what he was doing there and walked him up to the University of Chicago .
' Chicago was this great egghead place , ' Hersh says .
' But I knew nothing .
I came out of a lower - middle - class background .
At that time , everyone used to define themselves : Stalinist , Maoist , whatever .
I thought they meant " miaowist " .
Seriously !
Something to do with cats .
Among my peers , they all thought I would write the great novel , because I was very quick and cutting .
I 've just read Philip Roth 's new novel [ Indignation ] , and the arrogance of his character reminded me of that certitude .
I was always pointing out other people 's flaws . '
He went to law school but hated it , dropped out and wound up as a copy boy , then a reporter for the local City News Bureau .
Later he joined Associated Press in Washington and rose through its ranks until he quit for a stint working for the Democrat senator Eugene McCarthy .
Pretty soon , though , he was back in journalism .
' Using words to make other people less big made me feel bigger , though the psychological dimension to that ... well , I do n't want to explore it . '
His wife of 40 years , Elizabeth , whom he describes as ' the love of my life ' in the acknowledgements of Chain of Command ( they have three grown - up children ) , is a psychoanalyst .
Does n't she ever tell him about his ego and his id ?
He looks embarrassed .
' No , no ... marriage is ... different .
When you live with someone you do n't ...
The hardest part for her is when she tells me to take out the garbage and I say : " Excuse me ?
I do n't have time .
I 'm saving the world . " '
Later , however , he tells me that journalism , like psychoanalysis , is about ' bringing things into focus ' .
He was a broke freelance working for a new syndication agency when he got wind of My Lai .
A military lawyer told him that a soldier at Fort Benning , a Georgia army base , was facing a court martial for murdering at least 109 Vietnamese civilians .
Hersh rocked up in Benning and went on a door - to - door search , somehow avoiding the officers on base , until he found Lieutenant William L Calley Jr , a boyish 26 - year - old otherwise known as Rusty .
He asked the former railway pointsman if they could talk , which they did , for three hours .
They then went to the grocery store , got steaks , bourbon and wine , and talked some more at the apartment of Calley 's girlfriend .
Calley told Hersh that he had only been following orders , but nevertheless he described what had happened ( it later turned out that soldiers of the 11th Brigade killed 500 or more civilians that morning ) .
Soon after , 36 newspapers ran the story under Hersh 's byline .
Some , however , did not carry it , in spite of the fact that Calley 's own lawyer had confirmed it , among them the New York Times .
The scoop caused not only horror but disbelief .
Hersh , though , was not to be put off .
' By the third story , I found this amazing fellow , Paul Meadlo , from a small town in Indiana , a farm kid , who had actually shot many of the Vietnamese kids - he'd shot maybe 100 people .
He just kept on shooting and shooting , and then the next day he had his leg blown off , and he told Calley , as they medevac - ed him : " God has punished me and now he will punish you . " '
Hersh wrote this up , CBS put Meadlo on the TV news , and finally the story could no longer be ignored .
The next year , 1970 , he was awarded the Pulitzer prize .
How does Hersh operate ?
The same way as he 's always done : it 's all down to contacts .
Unlike Bob Woodward , however , whose recent books about Iraq have involved long and somewhat pally chats with the President , Hersh gets his stuff from lower down the food chain .
Woodward was one of those who was convinced that WMD would be found in Iraq .
' He does report top dollar , ' says Hersh .
' I do n't go to the top because I think it 's sorta useless .
I see people at six o'clock in the morning somewhere , unofficially . '
Are they mostly people he has known for a long time ?
' No , I do pick up new people . '
But with new contacts he must be wary ; there is always the danger of a plant .
His critics point to what they regard as his excessive use of unnamed sources .
Others accuse him of getting things wrong and of being gullible .
A low point came in the Nineties , when he embarked on a book about Kennedy , The Dark Side of Camelot .
Hersh was shown documents that alleged the President was being blackmailed by Marilyn Monroe , and though he discovered that they were fake in time to remove all mention of them from his book , the damage to his reputation had already been done - and the critics let rip anyway , for his excitable portrayal of JFK as a sex addict and bigamist .
There was also the time , in 1974 , when he accused the US ambassador to Chile , Edward Korry , of being in on a CIA plot to overthrow President Allende .
Some years later , Hersh had to write a long correction ; it ran on page one of the New York Times .
As a Jew , his mailbag since 9/11 has also included letters from readers who denounce him as a self - hater ( later , at this office , he shows me one of these : its author , an MD with a Florida postcode , accuses him of being a ' kapo ' - the kapo were concentration camp prisoners who worked for the Nazis in exchange for meagre privileges ) .
His supporters , though , believe that his mistakes - and even the wilder allegations he sometimes makes in speeches - should always be put in the context of his hit rate .
A former Washington Post reporter , Scott Armstrong , once put it this way .
Say he writes a story about how an elephant knocked someone down in a dark room .
' If it was a camel , or three cows , what difference does it make ?
It was dark , and it was n't supposed to be there . '
Hersh himself points out that , since 1993 , he has been up against the stringent standards of the New Yorker and its legendary team of fact checkers .
' By the way , all my inside sources have to deal with the fact checkers , and they do .
People find it hard to believe that , I do n't know why . '
And then there is his editor , David Remnick .
' I never love editors , ' he says .
' But David is smart and he has great judgement . '
How often does he check in with Remnick ?
' I 'm sure he would tell you less often than I should .
He gets pretty angry with me .
Sometimes we have these rows where I wo n't take his calls .
He says no to a lot of stuff - stuff I think the editor would die for !
Admittedly , it is not the Seymour Hersh weekly .
But sometimes he 'll say : " We are not going to publish this kind of stuff ' cos it 's frigging crazy . " '
It was Tina Brown , formerly of Tatler and Vanity Fair , who brought him to the New Yorker .
' What 's - her - name ... yeah , Tina .
She gave me a lot of money , and she said : " Just go do it ! "
But she used to worry .
She 'd call me up and say , " I sat next to Colin Powell at dinner last night and he was railing about how awful you are . "
So I would say , " Well , that 's good . "
And she 'd say , " Is it ? "
And I 'd tell her , " Yes , it is . " '
Does it worry him that he is sometimes described as the ' last American reporter ' ?
Who is coming up behind him ?
' A friend of mine wants to put $ 5 m into a chair for investigative journalism for me , but why would I want to do that ?
Look , the cost of running my kind of work is very high , and a lot of stories do n't even work out .
I know a wonderful journalist who works on the internet .
I called friends of mine at the Times and the Post .
But he has n't been hired because he would cost a lot of money . '
But Hersh is in his seventies ( he is a year younger than John McCain , though you 'd never know ) , he can't keep going forever .
Or can he ?
Most reporters start out hungry but somewhere along the way are sated .
Not Hersh .
' I have information ; I have people who trust me .
What else am I going to do ?
I love golf and tennis and if I was good enough , I 'd be professional .
Since I 'm not , what am I gonna do ?
Why should n't I be energetic ?
Our whole country is at stake .
We have never had a situation like this .
These men have completely ruined America .
It 's so depressing , my business ! '
Yet he seems chipper .
' No , I 'm not chipper .
I do n't know how to put where I am ...
I do n't take it that seriously .
I 've been there : up , down , back up .
I do a lotta speeches , I make a lotta money , I proselytise . '
Does he like making money ?
' Are you kidding ?
I do !'
After we finish breakfast , he takes me to the office .
He is eager to put off the moment when he must get on with his Syria piece .
The more time he wastes with me ... well , the morning will soon be over .
Inside he points out a few choice interior - design details - the Pulitzer ( it nestles among dozens of other awards ) , the framed memo from Lawrence Eagleburger and Robert McCloskey to Henry Kissinger , their boss at the State Department , which is dated 24 September 1974 , and reads : ' We believe Seymour Hersh intends to publish further allegations on the CIA in Chile .
He will not put an end to this campaign .
You are his ultimate target . '
Then he roots around in a cairn of paper for a while - quite a long while - eventually producing a proof of one of his articles with Remnick 's editing marks on it .
I 've never seen anything so harsh in my life .
Practically every other sentence has been ruthlessly disembowelled .
' Yeah , pretty tough , huh ? '
He also shows me one of his own memos to a contact .
It makes reference to the current administration .
' These guys are hard - wired and drinking the Kool - Aid , ' it says , deadpan .
He laughs .
He 's getting cheerier by the minute .
Soon it will be time for lunch !
Now he puts his feet on the desk , removes one training shoe and jauntily waves the sweaty sole of a white sock at me .
A couple of calls come in .
He is concise bordering on cryptic .
Finally an old Times colleague arrives .
' I knew this guy when he had hair ! '
Hersh shouts as this fellow and I pass in a small area of floorspace not yet covered by books or papers .
I 'm leaving , but Hersh does n't get up and he does n't say goodbye .
A breezy salute - and then his eyes fall ravenously on his pal .
Neuroanthropology has an excellent piece riffing on my recent article on grief hallucinations where I wondered about cultural differences in re-experiencing the dead .
The post discusses work by the evocatively - named anthropologist Donald Tuzin who studied the Ilahita Arapesh of northeastern Papua New Guinea and how they mesh their beliefs and practices of death and afterlife with everyday experience .
Some of Tuzin ’s work in this area is published in a wonderful article entitled ‘ The Breath of a Ghost : Dreams and the Fear of the Dead ’ .
It gets a bit spuriously psychoanalytic in places but has some wonderful descriptions of how funeral practices are linked to beliefs about ghosts and their influences .
Crucially he argues that it is the demands of everyday life that shape these beliefs , and not vice versa .
At Neuroanthropology
Daniel discusses it in light of more up - to - date work and the wider perspective from Tuzin ’s long career .
It ’s certainly an interesting area , but although re-experiencing of the dead is so common , I did n’t realise quite what a touchy subject it could be .
All hell broke loose ( excuse the pun ) in the comments to the original article .
This is my favourite :
Mr. Vaughn [ sic ]
Bell might find himself in court for libel after accusing everyone who has seen or felt a presence of being a drug addict , alcoholic or ill in some way .
His one - sided argument could be the result of stupidity or perhaps some mental defect that prevents him from being intelligent enough to know the difference between a hallucination and an actual ghost / spirit / spectre / haunt .
Next he will tell us that the earth is flat , and anyone who thinks it is round is a heretic , and that big yellow thing we call the sun is just an illusion .
Sir , I grew up in Britain .
We know the sun is an illusion .
Link to Neuroanthropology on ‘ Donald Tuzin and the Breath of a Ghost ’ .
The League of American Bicyclists has announced its first annual ranking of Bicycle Friendly States , scoring all 50 states on more than 70 factors .
The states were scored on responses to a questionnaire evaluating their commitment to bicycling and covering six key areas : legislation ; policies and programmes ; infrastructure ; education and encouragement ; evaluation and planning ; and enforcement .
The highest and lowest scoring states overall were :
Advertisement
Top 5
1. Washington
2. Wisconsin
3. Arizona
4. Oregon
5. Minnesota
Bottom 5
46 . North Dakota
47 . Mississippi
48 . Alabama
49 . Georgia
50 . West Virginia
More details on how each state ranked can be found by going here and clicking on each state .
“ While every state has room to improve in making bicycling a preferred mode of transportation and accessible form of recreation , Washington is making the greatest strides to make this a reality , ” said Andy Clarke , president of the League .
Clarke points to Washington ’s model bike laws , signed and mapped statewide bike route network , dedicated funding from the state for bicycle related programs and projects , and an active statewide bicycle advisory committee as a few examples of why Washington ranked the highest .
The bottom end of the ranking paints a different picture .
“ West Virginia may offer some great trails and mountain biking resources , but otherwise fell short in every category , ” Clarke added .
“ Their low bicycle usage rates and high cyclist crash and fatality rates are indicative of a state that does not adequately provide for the needs of cyclists . ”
The annual state rankings are the first part of this new program .
States are encouraged to further apply for award recognition of bronze , silver , gold or platinum status , similar to the League ’s popular Bicycle Friendly Community program , now recognizing 85 communities across 32 states .
Award recognition will be accompanied by technical assistance and further support as states work to become more bicycle - friendly .
The League represents the interests of 57 million American cyclists , including its 300,000 members and affiliates .
For more information , visit www.bikeleague.org.
Advertisement
The Bicycle Friendly State program is sponsored by Bikes Belong and Trek Bicycle Corporation .
( Writes through , changes dateline , byline )
CINCINNATI , Oct 16 ( Reuters ) - After Republican John McCain and Democrat Barack Obama made him into the most famous plumber in America , it turns out Joe Wurzelbacher is n’t a licensed plumber after all .
Oh , and his real name is Sam .
The morning after he emerged as the unexpected star of Wednesday evening ’s U.S. presidential debate , Samuel “ Joe ” Wurzelbacher of Holland , Ohio , found himself at the center of a media frenzy , with reporters camped out on his front lawn and his phone ringing off the hook .
But it was n’t long before the Association of Plumbers , Steamfitters and Service Mechanics revealed that Wurzelbacher was not a licensed member of their trade .
“ That means that he has not completed the training program necessary for him to sit for a license test , ” said Tony Herrera , market recovery specialist for Plumbers and Steamfitters Local 50 in Toledo , Ohio .
“ It ’s a shame that this guy has ended up in this situation because it seems like he ’s misrepresented himself -- and for that matter the plumbing and pipefitting industry . ”
Without a license , Wurzelbacher cannot practice in the city of Toledo but can work for someone with a master ’s license or in outlying areas that do not require a license , Herrera said .
Wurzelbacher , 34 , listed in the phone directory as Samuel , did not answer his phone and his voicemail box appeared to be full .
Reporters at his home said he had driven away .
Wurzelbacher has become a darling of conservatives for attacking Obama ’s tax policies but he has declined to say who he will vote for in the Nov. 4 election .
“ It ’s a personal decision , and myself and the button I push will know the answer , ” the single father said on ABC ’s “ Good Morning America ” program .
Later , outside his home , he told reporters : “ I want the American people to vote for who they want to vote for ” in an informed way .
‘ MUDDY AND SOAKING WET ’
In the midst of an economic crisis , “ Joe the Plumber ” came to prominence last week as the working class everyman when he asked Obama about his tax plan during a campaign stop .
That led to an appearance on Fox News and an invitation to a McCain rally .
Wurzelbacher said the sudden attention had not yet translated into increased business .
“ I hope I have a lot of jobs today .
Yesterday I worked on a water main break for a gas station and that ’s why I did n’t give any interviews .
I was muddy and soaking wet , ” he said .
Obama and McCain repeatedly invoked Wurzelbacher in their third and final debate on Wednesday as they sought to appeal to average Americans .
McCain said Obama ’s plan to raise taxes on those making more than $ 250,000 a year would hurt small - business owners like Wurzelbacher .
Obama said he would make it easier for Wurzelbacher to provide health insurance for his employees .
Wurzelbacher told ABC he was “ not even close ” to earning $ 250,000 but worried that Obama would raise taxes for those making less .
Wurzelbacher said he was pleased with the Republican candidate ’s performance in the debate .
“ McCain came across with some solid points and I was real happy about that , ” he said .
For their part , the plumbers at the Local 50 union hall said they would love to find a job that would give them the kind of income Wurzelbacher is worried about being taxed by Obama .
“ If there ’s a plumber or pipefitter making more than $ 250,000 , we want to know where he ’s working , ” Herrera said with a laugh .
“ We do n’t make that kind of money . ”
The plumber ’s union , like almost all labor groups in America , backs the Democratic Party .
“ The real Joe the Plumber supports Barack Obama , ” Herrera said .
( Additional reporting by Andy Sullivan and Mike Conlon ; Editing by John O’Callaghan )
Share Tweet
Hey
Terminal is Mac OS X way into the command line world .
It is designed for you to typing in specific commands that you would not be able to do otherwise .
This is great for customizing your Mac and unveiling hidden features .
It is also a good way to destroy you system because you screwed something up .
What I have done is crawl the web look of the Top 50 Terminal commands .
These commands are designed to make you make look cooler , act quicker or be generally useful .
I have tried to keep commands down to one line , so they are simple and effective to use .
Each item will include a description of what it does as well as an appropriate picture is necessary .
Many of these commands appear as seperate posts all over the web , but never in one big list .
I have tried to keep the amount of sudo commands down to a minimum as this can easily destroy your system .
Especially if you go sudoing every thing .
I have tried to give the best description I can , if you have a problem leave a comment and I will see if I can solve it .
The list is in no particular order .
Most of the commands can be reverted by replacing YES with NO and 1 with 0 , the opposite .
Most of these commands are Leopard compatible and many may not work on Tiger .
Try them and see what happens .
1 ) 2D Dock
This quite a popular hack for the people running Leopard and do n’t like the 3D feel .
It changes the 3D dock to a flat 2D version .
To enter copy and past the following code .
defaults write com.apple.dock no-glass - boolean YES
killall Dock
2 ) Gradient Behind A Stack Item
One of my favourite hacks that enables you to put a small gradient behind an icon .
I think this should be enabled by default .
defaults write com.apple.dock mouse-over-hilte-stack - boolean YES
killall Dock
3 ) Add A Message To The Login Window
This little Terminal command enables you to add a message of your choice to the Login window .
Pretty cool and deserved a screenshot if I new how to take on while not logged in .
Warning it ’s a sudo command which can be dangerous .
sudo defaults write / Library / Preferences/com.apple.loginwindow LoginwindowText " Your Message "
Replace “ Your Message ” with the message of your choice , do n’t make it to long .
If you want to revert it do the following .
sudo defaults write / Library / Preferences/com.apple.loginwindow LoginwindowText " "
4 ) Add An Exposè Button To The Desktop
If you have reconfigured the F9 and F10 keys to something different you may want to use exposè .
This hack adds a bigish blue button onto the desktop to enable you to use exposè .
Clicking on it shows all the windows from one application ( F10 default ) , option clicking it shows all windows ( F9 default ) .
defaults write com.apple.dock wvous - floater - bool YES
killall Dock
5 ) Address Book Debug Menu
If you have some trouble with Address Book it may be useful to open up the debug menu as well as this use some of the hidden features .
Make sure address book is closed first before applying the code .
If you want to revert it remove YES in the string .
defaults write com.apple.addressbook ABShowDebugMenu - bool YES
6 ) Increase Dock Magnification Size
This little hack lets you increase the size of the magnification of the dock icons .
Do n’t go past 512 .
defaults write com.apple.dock largesize - int 512
7 ) Increase Desktop Icon Size
If you want massive icons on you desktop this little hack lets you increase the icons to 512 pixels x 512 pixels .
This is massive , may slow down on older machines .
I do n’t think it goes larger than 512 .
defaults write com.apple.finder DesktopViewOptions - dict IconSize - integer 512
killall Finder
8 ) Changing the Format Of Screen Shots
If you use the screen shot function , you may want to change the format of the images , this is not easily done normally .
Where jpg is in the code you can change this to the format your want , png bmp gif etc .
You need to log out and back in again , or restart for the changes to take effect .
defaults write com.apple.screencapture type jpg
9 ) Change The Login Picture
If you get a bored of the space picture used on the login screen , you can change it with this little bit of code .
Change the file location in the second half of the string to the exact file location of your chosen picture .
defaults write / Library / Preferences/com.apple.loginwindow DesktopPicture " / System/ Library/CoreServices /Finder.app/Contents/Resources/vortex.png "
10 ) Change The Loading Bar In Safari To A Pie Chart
This is a Safari 3 hack , so it might not work .
This changes the blue bar that goes across the address bar into a small blue pie chart .
Insert false instead of true to reverse .
defaults write com.apple .Safari DebugUsePieProgressIndicator - bool true
11 ) Clear The Open With Menu
If you right click on a file you can open it with many applications .
Sometimes your OS can get a little confused and list many applications .
This is to clear this list and start again .
The code below is all on one line .
/ System / Library / Frameworks/CoreServices.framework/Versions/A/Frameworks/
LaunchServices.framework/Versions/A/Support/lsregister
- kill -r - domain local - domain system - domain user
12 ) Change The Delay When Dragging Windows In Spaces
This simple hack changes the delay time it takes to drag windows around in spaces , its currently set to 0.75
defaults write com.apple.dock workspaces-edge-delay - float 0.5
13 ) Disable Dashboard
If you do n’t want or like the dashboard running you can disable it .
Change YES to NO to enable it again .
defaults write com.apple.dashboard mcx-disabled - boolean YES
killall Dock
14 ) Enable Double Scroll Arrows
This little hack enables the double arrow set for up and down , left or right , to be at both ends of the scroll bar .
Handy if you like the double arrows .
Use System Preferences to reset .
defaults write “ Apple Global Domain ” AppleScrollBarVariant DoubleBoth
15 ) Disable Tooltips In Safari
This quick little hack for Safari that removes the tooltips you get when you hover over certain elements .
defaults write com.apple .Safari WebKitShowsURLsInToolTips
0
16 ) Increase The Dock Size
Command # 6 enables you to change the magnification .
This command enables you to change the size of the dock .
Use the sliders in System Preferences to reduce this size .
Do n’t go larger 256 .
defaults write com.apple.dock tilesize - int 256
17 ) Disable the Crash Dialog Box
This disables the quit dialog box when an application crashes .
Type prompt to enable again .
defaults write com.apple.CrashReporter DialogType none
18 ) Drag A Widget Onto The Desktop
Probably one of the coolest hacks .
This command enables widgets to be placed onto the desktop .
Drag a widget around and press F12 to drag it onto the desktop .
Repeat the process again to drag a widget back onto the dashboard .
This may need you to log off or restart for it to take effect .
defaults write com.apple.dashboard devmode YES
19 ) Enable Debug Menu In Safari
Adding debug menus to programs is great as you can access a whole range of features .
This one is for Safari .
defaults write com.apple .Safari IncludeDebugMenu 1
20 ) Enable The Path View In Finder
One of may favourite hacks as it lets you see the current path of the Finder window you are in .
Its great if you work with a lot of windows .
defaults write com.apple.finder _FXShowPosixPathInTitle - bool YES
21 ) Enable Time Machine On Unsupported Drives
Another favourite hack of mine , simply because it enable Time Machine to work on unsupported drives such as a NAS .
Use with caution as it is unsupported .
defaults write com.apple.systempreferences TMShowUnsupportedNetworkVolumes
1
22 ) Enable Web Inspector
This is a very detailed web inspector that enables you to find out specific information about a page .
It is accessible through the debug menu but this enables you to use it without .
You can quickly access it through right - click .
defaults write com.apple .Safari WebKitDeveloperExtras - bool true
23 ) Enable Debug in iCal
Another debug menu ( I like debug menus ) this time its for iCal .
You need to restart iCal for the changes to take effect .
defaults write com.apple.iCal IncludeDebugMenu YES
24 ) Enable Quit In Finder
This is a very useful command for anyone who does a lot of fiddling and needs to quit Finder .
defaults write com.apple.finder QuitMenuItem - bool YES
killall Finder
25 ) Force Mail To Display In Plain Text
If you have problems with HTML emails or you just want emails to be displayed in plain text use the following command .
You need to restart Mail for the changes to take effect .
Replace with false to revert .
defaults write com.apple.mail PreferPlainText - bool TRUE
26 ) Increase Time Machine Backups
If you do a lot of work on you Mac , and you want time machine to back up more frequently you need to change the value .
It is in seconds .
The default is set to an hour which is 3600 .
Change this value to suit , half and hour is 1800 seconds .
sudo defaults write / System / Library / LaunchDaemons/com.apple.backupd-auto StartInterval - int 1800
27 ) Kill A Process
Sometimes you just need a process to stop running .
If you want to kill it in Terminal with out using Activity Monitor , find the process ID ( In Activity Monitor ) and then use the following command .
Only really useful if you do n’t like much clicking or are writing a program .
kill PID 478
28 ) Let Terminal Talk
If you are bored one day you can get Terminal to quickly talk anything back to you using the voice engine .
Replace hello with anything you want .
say hello
29 ) Make Hidden Applications Icons Transparent
If you hide a lot of applications you can make there icons transparent in the dock .
A very good visual clue .
defaults write com.apple .
Dock showhidden - bool YES
killall Dock
30 ) Make The Dock Spring Loaded
Makes the dock spring loaded so you can open files or windows from within the dock .
defaults write com.apple.dock enable-spring-load-actions-on-all-items - boolean YES
31 ) Recent Applications Stack
This command creates a new stack in your dock so you can view the recently used Applications .
defaults write com.apple .dock persistent - others - array - add '{ " tile - data " = { " list - type " = 1 ; } ; " tile - type " = " recents - tile " ; }'
32 ) Change The Arrows In iTunes
Normally the arrows in iTunes link to the music store , adding this command enables you to search your library .
You need to click on the song first for the arrows to appear .
defaults write com.apple.iTunes invertStoreLinks - bool YES
33 ) Pin The Dock To The Left
This command pins the dock to the left hand side of the screen .
I ’m not sure what happens if you have the dock on the left or right edge .
Replace start with middle to revert .
defaults write com.apple .dock pinning - string start
34 ) Pin The Dock To The Right
Exactly the same as above except it pins the dock to the right hand side of the screen .
defaults write com.apple.dock pinning - string end
35 ) Play Star Wars Episode IV
Using a simple telnet address you Terminal will connect in and play Star Wars Episode IV in its ASCII glory .
telnet towel.blinkenlights.nl
36 ) Quicklook A File
Quicklook is a great little application in Leopard .
The command lets you quicklook a file right in Terminal .
First you need to change the folder by using the “ cd ” command and then the folder you want .
To enable this command to work you need to type the file name exactly .
qlmanage -p " Jaguar Aqua Graphite.jpg "
37 ) Disable The Spotlight Icon
This command removes the spotlight icon .
Type 755 to re-enable it , instead of 0 .
sudo chmod 0 / System / Library / CoreServices/Spotlight.app
killall Spotlight
38 ) Remove The Stripes In List View
A simple hack that removes the alternating stripes in list view in finder .
defaults write com.apple.finder FXListViewStripes - bool FALSE
killall Finder
39 ) Turn The Menu Bar White
If you do n’t like the menu bar in its cool transparent glory you can change it so it appears white .
This requires a password and you will need to restart you mac .
sudo defaults write / System / Library / LaunchDaemons/com.apple.WindowServer ' EnvironmentVariables ' - dict 'CI_NO_BACKGROUND_IMAGE'
1
40 ) Turn The Menu Bar Grey
If you do n’t like the white version of the menu bar you can change it so it appears gret .
sudo defaults write / System / Library / LaunchDaemons/com.apple.WindowServer ' EnvironmentVariables ' - dict 'CI_NO_BACKGROUND_IMAGE'
0
41 ) Revert The Menu Bar Back To Default
If you prefer the transparent menu bar and you want it back type the following into Terminal .
sudo defaults delete / System / Library / LaunchDaemons/com.apple.WindowServer ' EnvironmentVariables '
42 ) Set The Expanded Print Dialogue As Default
If you want access to a lot of the extra print menus on by default you can use the following command to enable you to do this .
Requires restart .
defaults write -g PMPrintingExpandedStateForPrint - bool TRUE
43 ) Set The Expanded Save Dialogue As Default
Similar as the print dialogue this sets the save dialogue to the expanded view as default .
Requires restart .
defaults write -g NSNavPanelExpandedStateForSaveMode - bool TRUE
44 ) Set The Screen Saver As The Wallpaper
This command sets the currently selected screen saver as the desktop background .
Use command + c or . to stop while in Terminal .
Alternatively you can use wallsaver .
/ System / Library / Frameworks /ScreenSaver.framework/Resources/ScreenSaverEngine.app/Contents/MacOS/ScreenSaverEngine - background
45 ) Set The History Limit In Safari To A Number Of Items
If you do n’t want a massive history you can set it to a limited number of items .
Change the number to suit .
defaults write com.apple .Safari WebKitHistoryItemLimit 2000
46 ) Set The History Limit In Safari To A Number Of Days
Similar to the hack above you can set the number of days Safari keeps its history .
defaults write com.apple .Safari WebKitHistoryAgeInDaysLimit 30
47 ) Show Hidden Files In Finder
A lot of the files in Finder are hidden .
This is probably a wise choice by Apple as there are countless things you can screw up .
But if you want to take a look at how many there are and what they are you can show them within Finder .
Be careful as these files are needed by the system , if you screw something up do n’t come complaining .
Repeat the command with false to revert .
The image above , click for larger version , show the amount of files there actually is , with these hidden there is only 4 shown normally .
defaults write com.apple.finder AppleShowAllFiles TRUE
48 ) Skip Disk Image Verification
If you want to save some time you can skip the disk image verification for a disk image .
Potentially risky as a whole load of things could go wrong without you knowing .
com.apple.frameworks.diskimages skip-verify TRUE
49 ) Show SubFolders
In Graphical Format In Terminal
This is a very cool little hack that enables you to show an ASCII graphical view of sub folders .
Use the cd command to change to a directory other wise the command will list every folder .
For more information look here .
ls - R | grep " : $ " | sed -e 's /:$//' -e 's /[^-] [ ^\/]*\//--/g' -e 's /^/ /' -e 's/-/|/'
50 ) Speed Up Dialogue Boxes
Most dialogue boxes have a cool animation effect that looks cool .
If you want to speed this up you can change the speed at which is renders so it appears almost instantly .
The default is 0.2 .
defaults write NSGlobalDomain NSWindowResizeTime 0.01
Thats 50 top Terminal commands , I wanted to go to 100 but I could n’t find 100 good commands .
If you have any tips please leave a comment below explaining what the tips does and why you like it .
If you just want to leave a comment you can , just be clear , since garbled comments are hard to understand .
If you want to take your skills with Terminal a bit further I recommend you check out the Terminal Category on this site .
If you fancy reading a book there is a couple on Amazon that I regularly see mentioned and recommend , O’reilly Unix Geeks and Unix Under the Hood both are designed for Mac OS X and take Terminal further .
If you want to keep up with the latests post from Mac Tricks And Tips I recommend you subscribe to the RSS Feed .
I have a new proposition : Ban Mormonism
November 15 , 2008 by lestro
by lestro
It ’s been said again and again over the past few weeks , but the passage of Proposition 8 in California was a tremendous blight on the victory of a new , progressive coalition on the national stage .
This year , despite the tremendous Blue Wave that swept the nation , somehow voters in California , traditionally the most liberal state in the Union , passed a constitutional amendment to ban gay marriage , as ridiculous as that seems for a state that went to the Dems with a 60.9 % – 37.3 % margin .
On Saturday , all across the country , protesters gathered in support of gay rights .
“ People around the country were watching this very closely , ” said Kellan Baker , a Washington , D.C. , resident who is organizing today ’s protest there .
“ For Californians to go to the ballot box to strip people of civil rights they had been enjoying is , I guess , the last straw . ”
The San Francisco Chronicle reports that “ San Francisco city officials , joined by the city of Los Angeles and Santa Clara and Los Angeles counties , have petitioned the [ state Supreme ] court ” to again declare the ban on gay marriage unconstitutional .
The LA Times reports that legal challenges include those brought by “ groups including the Asian Pacific American Legal Center , the Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund , and the NAACP Legal Defense Fund ” which “ brings to four the number of lawsuits asking the court to overturn Proposition 8 . ”
The California Supreme court has overturned a gay marriage ban once before , earlier this year , setting off an economic boom and a legal recognition that in the government ’s eyes , marriage is simply a legal contract between two consenting adults .
And a constitutionally protected right , something the California State Constitution vows to protect right off the top in its Declaration of Rights :
SECTION 1 .
All people are by nature free and independent and have inalienable rights .
Among these are enjoying and defending life and liberty , acquiring , possessing , and protecting property , and pursuing and obtaining safety , happiness , and privacy .
That ’s Article I , Section 1 .
“ pursuing happiness and privacy . ”
That ’s nice .
I read on , but nowhere did I find , “ unless you like the cock . ”
and do n’t think I did n’t look …
But Prop 8 is an amendment to the constitution , codifying the idea that marriage is only legal between a man and a woman .
It is the first time I can recall that we have ever voted in this country to remove a right , to eliminate one of the very things we create governments to protect .
The very purpose of governments is to protect the rights of the minority from the tyranny of the majority .
Just to make it clear , the title of Prop 8 was “ Eliminate Right of Same Sex Couples to Marry . ”
“ Eliminate right . ”
Is that really what we ’re about here in America ?
One of the largest supporters and proponents of Prop 8 was the Mormon Church , whose top leadership – believed by the followers to be prophets from the Lord – dispatched letters to California churches urging followers to donate to and vote for the proposition .
I was thinking earlier today that there is a pretty crazy irony in the Mormons – a “ religion ” that was partially based on the idea of plural marriage – supporting so fervently the idea of marriage being defined as between one man and one woman .
Maybe they are just pissy because to get into our ‘ religiously tolerant ’ nation they had to abandon one of their basic religious principles .
I would be pissy too .
Maybe if a country promising me religious freedom enforced their will on my religion , I might take it out on someone else too .
Of course , that would n’t be the Christian thing to do .
But then again , neither really is Mormonism , when you get right down to it …
So here ’s what I propose .
If the Mormons are this into taking away the rights of on group by amending the state constitution to force their religious views on the rest of us , let ’s turn the tables on them .
I will bet that you can get 51 percent of Californians to ban Mormonism , and as long as they do it as a constitutional amendment , the religious freedom protections of said constitution would not apply anymore , just like the equal protection clause no longer applies to some people because someone else ’s god says so .
So let ’s get a proposition together that votes on whether Mormonism should be considered a real religion .
and then let ’s strip it of all its constitutional protections as a religion and ban it as a cult …
I ’ll guarantee we can bring together a coalition of progressives with a sense of irony and the crazy fundies that voted for prop 8 in the first place to defeat the small minority of the population that are Mormons .
And until then , let ’s do everything we can to squeeze the California economy .
Not only do they estimate the losses to the marriage and tourism industries to cost the government a shit ton of money in ever more difficult economic times :
In June , the Williams Institute at the University of California , Los Angeles , which studies sexual orientation and the law , estimated that legalizing same - sex ceremonies in the state would result in about $ 63.8 million in government tax and fee revenue over three years .
That ’s a lot of money for a state with an $ 11.2 billion deficit .
The Republican Party used to be about small government and personal liberty , which should mean that they should n’t give a damn who or how you fuck or if you want to marry them .
Somewhere along the line , however , the Christian fundamentalists crept in ( I blame Bubba and his loose zipper ) and the Republican Party became home to the right wing religious agenda too , which meant that somehow , gay people spending their lives together meant the end of America as we know it .
On the whole , Republicans have not seemed to have a problem with the whole hypocrisy of personal liberty clashing with telling people who they can marry , they may have gone too far this time , threatening businesses in an already tricky economy .
So again , the question is , how long can this marriage last between fundies and free marketer , fans of personal liberty and fans of forced religious intolerance ( MY god does n’t care if a dude marries a dude so step off my religious freedoms and let them marry … ) ?
1 . We are here at RubyFringe with Damien Katz .
How about you introduce yourself ?
I am the creator and project leader of CouchDB .
I currently work for IBM .
Before that I worked for MySQL and before that I worked at IBM again on a project called Lotus Notes .
2 . So what 's this CouchDB thing that we see on your T - shirt ?
So what is CouchDB ?
CouchDB is a document database ; it 's a replicated document database with a Rest interface which means that it is accessible over http , using standard get , put , post verbs .
And it uses JavaScript as its query language to create views of your data .
It 's schemaless unlike SQL databases where you have to define a bunch of tables with all the data types and sizes .
With CouchDB each document is its own independent object and it can be any sort of JSON structure .
That 's kind of a technical description but what is it good for , it 's good for building lots of collaborative applications , lots of web applications which generally are centered around documents , context , To - Do 's , bug reports , things like that .
And that 's the sort of stuff Couch DB excels at .
3 . How would you compare it to other products like Lotus Notes which I think is also document based in a way .
Or XML databases which are similar , I think .
How would you put it in that area ?
So , it 's most like Lotus Notes because I worked so many years on Lotus Notes , I got a really good grasp on Lotus Notes ' whole platform , and what is actually good about it , there were a whole lot of crap piled out on Lotus Notes and a lot of people really disliked it , but it 's been successful for a reason .
It 's been around for a long time and it still got like a hundred million users .
So there is something there and I felt like I had a pretty good idea of the core of Lotus Notes what was actually powerful about that , so that 's what I tried to extract down and make it in CouchDB .
It was that document model .
So it definitely works most like Lotus Notes .
XML databases where you have these very , very , large single XML documents , they are n't really quite the same model , so I do n't know .
I have n't used them that much but I know they are kind of different .
4 . So basically CouchDB works by you inserting a lot of unstructured documents .
How do you search in them ?
How do you index them ?
I think you use JavaScript for it ?
Yes .
Generally each document wo n't have a random structure .
The documents will have some sort of predefined structures but it's not enforced by the database , being enforced by the application layer .
Eventually we would have hooks into the database where you can enforce when documents are saved that they adhere to a specific format or schema .
But generally speaking the documents do n't have to follow any sort of schema , it 's the application .
So it gives you a lot of flexibility , how you want to display the data .
If you want to display a bunch of comments , for example you have a discussion database and you want to display the main topics , or you want to display the comments , or you want to display all the documents by a certain user , it 's really easy to do that with CouchDB .
5 . How would you do a query in CouchDB ?
What do you use ?
What language ?
You use JavaScript and you create these views .
If you know the name of the document , each document has its own ID , this can be any source string or it can just be randomly generated , so if you know the name you could just ask for it , do a Get for the document .
If you want to create a view of all the documents of a certain type , then you create a JavaScript function , and that function will be used by the view engine and it will be fed every document in the database , and your function then decides what information in that document does it want to admit into the view .
And then it admits a key and a value and the key sorts the value into the view .
So every document that the function gets run over it can admit whatever it likes .
And then those values and the view are collected and displayed .
And then you do a Get on the view and you get back a JSON response of all these nicely formatted results .
6 . Do these run for every query ?
Or do they run through all the documents , instance of caching ?
It runs over all the documents , but it keeps a persisted index so that every time you run it , it just has to use the index .
When documents are updated , five documents are updated , it does n't have to go run over all the documents in the database to recreate this index .
Instead , it just figures out the documents that have changed , and recomputes the results , eliminates the old results and adjusts the index and then you can query it .
All that happens automatically , all you do is you create the view definition and you access it , and CouchDB handles it , doing all this things for you .
7 . You chose an interesting language for implementing CouchDB , Erlang .
What 's the main reason for that ?
Yes , so the original versions of CouchDB were written in C++ , and I kind of hit the wall .
I had a storage engine , I had a view engine and I had a query language , that I had written in C++ and I hit the wall with the concurrency issues .
So , I always had to do conventional threading with locks and messaging and things like that .
And I read about Erlang on Lambda the Ultimate or something like that it has been a really good concurrent language , so I decided I was going to figure how I could integrate that with my code base .
So I played around with it , downloaded it and it did n't take long before I just decided that it was perfectly suited for writing a database engine and server and I threw away all my C and C++ code and rewrote everything in Erlang and it's been fantastically productive for that .
It 's excellent for infrastructure type stuff , it 's designed for Telecom .
Telecom has a lot of the same issues that you have with databases , lots of input , output , has to be reliable , has to deal with failure gracefully .
So , it ended up being a perfect language for that .
8 . How do you integrate JavaScript , is JavaScript runtime in Erlang ?
Is that the same process ?
So we have the Mozilla Spider Monkey engine and what we have is a separate executable , a command line process that links in the Mozilla Spider Monkey engine and it talks to CouchDB over standard IO , so CouchDB actually spawns instances of this process and then CouchDB sends JSON over standard out and then it gets the response via the pipe that it creates .
Then , if the JavaScript process hangs or uses too much memory or whatever and it gets killed by the OS , the Erlang VM is still fine and we recover with no problem .
9 . This protocol that you use over the pipe , that 's just JSON messages ?
It 's just JSON getting pushed back and forth .
So you have a command and the command acts like a verb and it will just be a string , an array and then the arguments will be subsequent elements and the array , and pushes that across and then it gets parsed on the other side , and then it figures out what you are asking for , then it computes the result and sends it back .
And the nice thing about having a simple line based protocol like that is that we can swap up the language backend .
So right now the standard engine is JavaScript but we already have a language backend for Ruby and Python , maybe other languages I think somebody wrote one for PHP too , so you can write your queries in whatever language you want .
I know that it became actually very popular with the Python community right now .
10 .
You are using Erlang 's features for reliability .
I figure you liked that for CouchDB .
Do you also use sort of scalability features ?
Definitely for concurrency .
Somebody did some early benchmarks on CouchDB and they would probably get twenty thousands simultaneous connections .
That was pretty impressive .
And we have n't even done any profiling yet .
Definitely Erlang helps us in that area .
If I had written this using conventional threading model , you were lucky to get five hundred active connections , so definitely Erlang helps with single machine scalability .
Erlang will also help with multi machine scalability but we are not really using Erlang for that yet , but it has a whole lot of tools and libraries and things like that to allow for multi machine Erlang environments for automated fail over and efficient messaging and things like that .
And we just have n't taken advantage of it yet .
11 . Did you see any benefits from Erlang and SMP versions ?
Or did n't that make any difference ?
I had n't profiled it , I think that the person who profiled it , profiled it with the multi processor around , so I do n't think anybody actually profiled it with the single processing version of Erlang .
12 . One thing you recently or some time ago wrote a blog about what you did n't like about Erlang .
So what 's your current position on that ?
Did anything change ?
Yes , most of those complaints are still there , but every language has things that you dislike about it .
Some of the things in Erlang are old .
If you are designing it to modern day , you would n't have made these decisions and some of it is kind of inherent to the programming paradigm like you can't fix that without breaking other things that are very right with Erlang , so there are things that are frustrating about it .
It has very poor string handling , something that I think could be improved .
But if your problems do n't fit well into the functional paradigm , then maybe you should just use a different language .
13 .
What 's your top three complaints : the string handling , Unicode support , something like that ?
I think string handling right now is the issue that is always there .
It 's really inefficient right now , so not only has it been cumbersome doing a lot of the string stuff that , if you are using a language like Ruby or Python , would be much easier , much cleaner , so not only was it harder to write code out there , it 's also slower .
So yes , that 's an issue .
But we are also trying to address that , we are trying to use a different style of strings where each string is a element in a list and it actually ends up taking sixteen bytes just to store a single character .
And then it has binary strings which are more like conventional strings in other programming languages , the syntax for those is ugly of course , but I think we are going to switch over to them anyway because it 's way more efficient .
14 . Well coming back to the document database .
What are document databases like Lotus Notes for instance ?
What are they particularly good for ?
What is Lotus Notes for instance used ?
A good analogy I would like to use , as an exercise for you to figure out what 's a god application for a document database .
If you were n't doing this application , if it were n't computerize , how would you do it in the real world ?
And if it ends up being lots of pieces of paper that are filed away and passed around to different people , that 's a really good indication that a document database is the right place .
If it ends up being the kind of problem like a pain program or single spreadsheet , it 's all locked down , so for an accountant , what do they call them ?
They are spreadsheets on paper , those are the things that can't be split up , they have to be a single document .
In those cases that means that it probably should be a single application but if you have a bunch of these documents they are constantly getting spread around like to - do lists , bug list , customer complaints , these are the kind of things that in the real world they would be generating stacks of paper .
And that 's when you should really start to consider maybe a relational database is the ideal place and maybe a document database is , and with CouchDB 's nature where you can actually take the documents with you offline and then edit them and then later when you are online replicate the changes back , that 's definitely something that is very difficult to do with a relational database .
So any time you need that offline capability to access your data and edit your data , that 's when a document database like CouchDB would really excel .
15 .
That 's also what Lotus is used for in big companies .
Yes , Lotus is still extensively used , for people a lot of time think of Lotus as just an email platform but it 's actually an application development platform for documents .
16 . Did it start out this way , or did it start as email ?
It started of that way and one of the first applications built on top of it as being a document oriented database was email .
So it is email and that 's one of its top applications , but it 's just another application in the Lotus Notes stack .
But Lotus also has all these other applications so you can do bug tracking and customer reports and CRM type stuff and it's used extensively by a lot of companies for that sort of thing .
17 .
So would you say that this document database concept , this has been around for some time with Lotus Notes , this has been available in other products , or it seams to be becoming popular with CouchDB .
Exchange wanted to be something like that a long time ago , they had the Exchange server , they had this concept with shared folders where you were supposed to build the applications on that .
And that never really worked out , nobody really used it for that , so there have been other attempts to build things like that and then of course anything on the web like a SharePoint works very much like Lotus Notes , but it 's a single instance web server of Lotus Notes and you use your browser client , but it 's still doing a lot of the same things , it still is very document oriented type of environment .
So there have been other things but Lotus Notes is in my mind the only thing that really got it right .
Even though it got a whole lot wrong , in addition to that .
I always thought that Lotus Notes was still kind of unique in the market place and that is why I really wanted to build CouchDB because I thought that that model had been under appreciated and under explored .
18 . You want to bring that document model to the open source .
It seams to be a lot of other paradigms for databases as a competition to a relational databases like Google 's BigTable .
What do you think about that ?
BigTable - I do n't really quite get the benefits of it , other than scalability .
I definitely see the benefits in that way but for most applications that people want to build , they do n't need that sort of scalability .
It 's kind of a limited platform but I have n't actually used it , so I do n't know , I just read some of the complaints .
Studies show that the clutter underneath your desk is to blame for all the failures in your life !
Okay , so maybe that statement is completely false but it is a fact that clutter can lead to issues .
One way to combat these issues is to head in the polar opposite direction by practicing some extreme OCD clutter control under your desk !
You honestly wo n’t believe the intense satisfaction and feeling of accomplishment when your friends and loved ones see how neat and tidy the space under your desk really is !
Of course , you may be criticized for wasting time that could be better spent on your business or with family and friends .
However , such criticism is simply due to the fact that they are jealous of your mad decluttering skills and probably have a tangled mess of power cords and cables living below the surface of their desks !
Anyway , eliminating the clutter under your desk is simple and easy , just follow these examples …
The Closet Entrepreneur ’s Home Office Desk
What self - serving megalomaniac blogger would n’t start by showing off his own decluttered setup first ?
To be honest , my setup is n’t as nice as the other setups shown below , but there is a reason why I ’m including it as an example .
The issue with my Palermo desk ( by Cost Plus World Market ) is that it has a sliding shelf that holds the keyboard and mouse , so mounting anything to the underside of the desktop is nearly impossible .
To get around the issue , two “ L ” brackets and plywood strips were used to mount a piece of pegboard below the sliding shelf unit ( click on the photos to see notes on the installation ) .
Seven and three quarter inch nylon cable ties attach the power strip , backup hard drive , and power brick to the pegboard ; there is also some spare room on top of the pegboard for additional items .
Adhesive backed nylon mounting bases hide all cables from view , while wire loom is used to gather all cables running to the computer tower into a single unit .
By the way , all the cable organizing accessories were found at The Home Depot and Fry ’s Electronics , but you can easily find them on Amazon and other online retailers .
Blupics ’ Two Person Work Table
Blupic ’s immaculate setup uses Macessity and Sonnet under mount brackets to mount the Mac Minis and Mac Pro to the underside of his Andover dining table turned 3 - person work table .
Obviously the Mac Pro is visible , yet all the power strips , power bricks , power cords , and network cables are completely hidden from view .
The power strips are held in place by double sided tape and plastic desk grommets allow cable access from the table ’s surface .
** By the way fellow closet entrepreneurs , take note of the cool business idea that under mount brackets and cable organizing systems could make for desks and offices .
Van Mardian ’s Decluttered Computer Desk
Van Mardian ’s decluttered desk uses an ingenious solution to mount pegboard to the underside of his IKEA JERKER desk ( that ’s the name of the desk – I kid you not ) .
Instead of using brackets or adhesives , he uses Stanley Safety Hasps [ Part # 81-1800 ] and wooden dowel segments to securely mount the pegboard .
Wire is used to attach components to the pegboard , and the assembly can be easily removed in case any components need to be added or removed .
In my opinion , this is the most versatile and useful solution for aspiring decultterers to take advantage of in their own home .
Merchandc ’s Custom Built Home Office Desk
Lastly , we have merchandc ’s custom built home office desk that uses a cabinet to hide all cables and peripherals .
The cabinet also acts as a printer stand and storage for the printer paper .
The power strips are glued to the underside of the desk and cabinet using Liquid Nails ; it may not be the most technically savvy solution but it gets the job done .
To finish things off , wire loom and nylon wire ties organize and hide all the power and network cables .
In Conclusion
Whether you ’re embracing your decluttering OCD , or simply looking for a way to prevent electrical shock hazards under your desk , the setups shown in this post provide several useful examples for tackling the mess that lies under your desk .
And if you ’re still not convinced that people have taken such organizing to heart , or you need some additional inspiration and ideas , then check out the following setups :
… and more inspiration on Flickr …
Know of a setup I missed or have a setup of your own that you would like to share , then please leave some info in the comments section !
Sincerely ,
The Closet Entrepreneur
Post Scriptum : A huge “ thank you ” goes out to Unclutterer for their Workspaces Flickr Pool !
OML has thousands of free addictive Flash and HTML5 Games like Fishing Girl .
Did you enjoy Fishing Girl ?
Play more .
Always fast , free and no login required ... new games added daily !
This century , NCsoft is 0 - for - 2 with sci- fi massively multiplayer online role - playing games .
( Unless you count City of Heroes / Villains . )
More than a year after Auto Assault headed for the scrap yard , the Korean publisher announced its latest foray into the future , Tabula Rasa , is also being decommissioned .
In a post on the game 's official Web site , the developers behind the project today announced its imminent end .
" Last November we launched what we hoped would be a ground breaking sci-fi MMO , " the post read .
" In many ways , we think we 've achieved that goal .
Tabula Rasa has some unique features that make it fun and very different from every other MMO out there .
Unfortunately , the fact is that the game has n't performed as expected .
The development team has worked hard to improve the game since launch , but the game never achieved the player population we hoped for . "
As of January 10 , 2009 , Tabula Rasa will be free to play to its remaining subscriber base , much like the soon - to - be- shuttered Hellgate : London .
However , as of February 28 , the game 's servers will be switched off forever .
" We can assure you that through the next couple of months we 'll be doing some really fun things in Tabula Rasa , and we plan to make staying on a little longer worth your while , " the post concluded .
Though saddening to its subscribers , Tabula Rasa 's demise was n't completely unexpected .
After going online last October one day before Hellgate 's Halloween launch , the game struggled with a variety of technical issues and lukewarm reviews .
Despite over six years in development -- and several delays -- the game never caught fire in the World of Warcraft - dominated MMORPG market , selling just over 61,000 copies in the US .
In its most recent earnings report , NCsoft said the game -- which cost a hefty sum to developer -- accounted for just 2 percent , or $ 1.3 million , of its overall annual revenue .
Tabula Rasa 's chief designer , Richard Garriott , went so far as to promote the game during his recent $ 30 million jaunt to the International Space Station .
However , the writing appeared to be on the wall when Garriott abruptly resigned last week to pursue " new interests . "
In his departure message , the Ultima creator conceded the MMORPG 's sailing had not always been smooth , saying , " I am very grateful to you loyal players for sticking around through what I think we can all honestly say was a rough launch . "
So how much has our financial catastrophe cost taxpayers ?
Even leaving aside the damage to investment portfolios , job losses , home foreclosures and diminished business prospects , the financial depression of 2008 has been immensely costly for taxpayers .
The Treasury Department has had to issue more than three times as much debt than it anticipated even as late as last July .
This afternoon the Treasury announced its renewed estimates for borrowing .
From October through December of this year , the Treasury expects to borrow $ 550 billion from investors , a whopping $ 408 billion increase over the amount it estimated it would borrow in July .
During the July – September 2008 quarter , Treasury borrowed $ 530 billion .
In July , the Treasury estimated it would borrow only $ 171 billion over the period .
Overall , borrowing for the second half of the year was over $ 1 trillion dollars .
The estimate for had been merely $ 313 billion .
Why has borrowing skyrocketed ?
You already know the answers .
The government is spending money hand over fist to prop up the financial system at the same time it collects less from depressed taxpayers .
The government also expects to borrow $ 368 billion in the first quarter of next year .
Let ’s hope the government is getting better at these estimates .
If it ’s as bad at estimating future borrowings as it was in July , we ’re looking at a government that might need to borrow more than $ 2.5 trillion over the next two quarters , which would mean that the Treasury would be borrowing more than one - third of total Gross Domestic Product .
That ’s obviously unrealistic , and we ’re sure the new numbers reflect a better perception of the costs and risks faced by our environment .
Because by now these guys who are cooking up these numbers must have learned something about risk , right ?
The smallest voltmeter in the world has produced a shocking revelation : Lurking deep inside an ordinary cell are electric fields strong enough to cause a bolt of lightning .
While it has long been gospel that cell membranes contain strong electric fields , researchers have generally assumed that 99.9 percent of a cell ’s volume was electrically dormant .
But when University of Michigan biophysical chemist Raoul Kopelman , the tiny voltmeter ’s inventor , flooded rat brain cells with the devices , he detected fields as strong as 15 million volts per meter throughout .
This is the first time the voltmeter has been used in a study , and its potential is as exciting as Kopelman ’s find .
It is roughly one - thousandth the size of any other voltmeter ; thousands can fit in a single cell and still take up only one - millionth of the cell ’s volume .
The device is filled with voltage - sensitive dye that gives off green to red light in proportion to the surrounding electric field .
The light is then measured using a microscope , yielding a three - dimensional map of the electric fields .
Kopelman plans to continue using his device to probe cells for clues about what happens when diseases or toxins injure them .
ABC Reporter Arrested in Denver Taking Pictures of Senators , Big Donors Asa Eslocker was investigating the role of lobbyists and top donors at the DNC .
Aug. 27 , 2008  -- DENVER -- Police in Denver arrested an ABC
News producer today as he and a camera crew were attempting to take pictures on a public sidewalk of Democratic senators and VIP donors leaving a private meeting at the Brown Palace Hotel .
Police on the scene refused to tell ABC lawyers the charges against the producer , Asa Eslocker , who works with the ABC News investigative unit .
A cigar - smoking Denver police sergeant , accompanied by a team of five other officers , first put his hands on Eslocker 's neck , then twisted the producer 's arm behind him to put on handcuffs .
A police official later told lawyers for ABC News that Eslocker is being charged with trespass , interference , and failure to follow a lawful order .
He also said the arrest followed a signed complaint from the Brown Palace Hotel .
Eslocker was put in handcuffs and loaded in the back of a police van which headed for a nearby police station .
Video taken at the scene shows a man , wearing the uniform of a Boulder County sheriff , ordering Eslocker off the sidewalk in front of the hotel , to the side of the entrance .
The sheriff 's officer is seen telling Eslocker the sidewalk is owned by the hotel .
Later , he is seen pushing Eslocker off the sidewalk into oncoming traffic , forcing him to the other side of the street .
It was two hours later when Denver police arrived to place Eslocker under arrest , apparently based on a complaint from the Brown Palace Hotel , a central location for Democratic officials .
During the arrest , one of the officers can be heard saying to Eslocker , " You 're lucky I did n't knock the f.. k out of you . "
Eslocker was released late today after posting $ 500 bond .
Eslocker and his ABC News colleagues are spending the week investigating the role of corporate lobbyists and wealthy donors at the convention for a series of Money Trail reports on ABC's " World News with Charles Gibson . "
Click Here for the Investigative Homepage .
Some Republican lawmakers have already objected , saying the effort would amount to throwing good money after bad .
But the White House on Wednesday left the door open to a legislative compromise with Congress .
“ I know the automakers are important to the United States , ” Mr. Paulson said .
“ We care about the automobile industry . ”
But he cautioned that “ my focus is on the financial sector  getting credit going , getting lending going . ”
White House and Treasury officials have been devising policy on the fly for months now , as what began as a panic over losses on subprime mortgages broadened into a crisis that wreaked havoc on Wall Street , at major commercial banks and in the broader economy itself .
In September , Mr. Paulson went to Congress and urgently pressed for authority to spend as much as $ 700 billion to unclog the nation ’s financial pipelines by buying up unsellable securities from banks and other financial institutions .
But by the time Congress approved the bailout law in early October , Mr. Paulson and the chairman of the Federal Reserve , Ben S. Bernanke , were already shifting to a strategy he had actually opposed : buying equity stakes directly in American banks , a move that was reminiscent of European - style nationalization .
As recently as a few days ago , Treasury officials insisted that they still intended to buy up the troubled assets .
But by late October , it had become clear that Plan A had become little more than a sideshow .
“ Illiquid assets looked like the way to go , ” Mr. Paulson told reporters at a news conference on Wednesday .
But as economic and financial conditions declined so rapidly , he said , that he had to change gears .
“ I will never apologize for changing the approach and the strategy when the facts change , ” he said .
The 1981 version starred John Duttine and Emma Relph
A new television adaptation of classic sci-fi story The Day of The Triffids is being made by the BBC .
The drama , about menacing plants taking over the world , will be shown in two feature - length episodes next year .
Casting for the show , which will be adapted by ER screenwriter Patrick Harbinson , has yet to be decided .
The BBC has made three radio versions of John Wyndham 's classic .
A television production in 1981 starred John Duttine as Bill Masen .
End of humankind
The new incarnation of the Triffids with their fatal sting will be shown in High Definition for the first time .
It is billed as a " fast - paced , futuristic and electrifying take " on Wyndham 's work .
Julie Gardner , head of drama at BBC Wales said : " We 're hoping to attract a legion of new fans as well as give nightmares to a new generation of viewers . "
Set in 2011 , millions of people are blinded when they observe a meteor shower , leading to a breakdown in civilisation .
The Triffids , an oil - producing plant crop , escape captivity and begin to breed rapidly and attack people .
It is up to Dr Bill Masen to fight against them to prevent the end of humankind .
The new adaptation is due to start filming in London and the south - east later this year .
Walter Buczynski was a top executive at a Maryland mortgage lender before he killed his wife and jumped off a bridge last January .
K. Upender was a distraught stock speculator in India who suffered steep losses in the Indian stock market this fall , according to the police , just before he chose to open the gas line in his house , light a match and kill himself , his wife and his 2 - year - old son .
Mr. Buczynski , 59 , who lived in an affluent suburb in New Jersey and made close to $ 330,000 in 2007 , and Mr. Upender , a 32 - year - old former stock broker who had taken to trading stocks out of his home in Hyderabad , a fast - growing city in central India , were worlds apart .
What they had in common was a livelihood in the financial industry , a wrenching downturn in that industry and death by their own hands .
The reason for a suicide , particularly one that also involves homicide , is never cut and dried .
Mr. Buczynski , for example , left a note saying that problems with his marriage caused him to kill himself and his wife .
Although there are no hard statistics yet to show an increase in suicides related to the financial crisis , anecdotal reports are coming from around the globe .
As markets continue to tumble worldwide , with the prospect of a deep global recession to follow , some experts predict suicide could increase as those who once enjoyed the fruits of a global asset boom watch their fortunes evaporate in the broadest and most abrupt destruction of wealth since the great crash of 1929 .
Image
The house in Los Angeles where Karthik Rajaram killed five of his family and himself ; in a letter , he cited economic strife .
Credit ... Jewel Samad / Agence France - Presse — Getty Images
Suicide reports have come from a wide variety of places , involving a diverse range of people .
A chief executive of an Arizona - based commercial lender wore a tuxedo , swallowed pills and lay down to die in June as his company collapsed .
A suburban stock broker in Connecticut jumped from an 11th - story window in July ; a private equity financier based in London leapt in front of a train in August .
And last month , a onetime dot - com millionaire shot five family members and himself in an upscale neighborhood in Los Angeles , blaming the financial crisis for his woes .
Those deaths are the most extreme manifestations of a wider mental health challenge presented by the economic malaise .
“ The majority of the calls I am getting now are from people overly stressed over their finances , ” said Daniel J. Reidenberg , a psychologist and the executive director of SAVE , a Minneapolis - based suicide prevention organization .
“ And I have talked to business executives as well as people who have just lost their jobs .
The severity of the credit crunch is causing people to engage in more extreme behavior . ”
While stories of financial executives jumping from tall buildings on Wall Street during the 1929 crash have long been part of the popular lore , experts and academics say there were only a few instances of such behavior as the market plunged .
Most of that era ’s suicides came in the years after the crash as the Great Depression gathered steam .
“ My research showed that a lot of people committed suicide in the privacy of their own homes as their fortunes and reputations were depleted , ” said Selwyn Parker , the author of “ The Great Crash . ”
“ It happened all over the world  in New York , the bushes of Australia , Germany and Austria . ”
Image Karthik Rajaram , 45 , was an out - of - work money manager .
Credit ... California Department of Motor Vehicles , via AP
In fact , the highest suicide rate recorded in the United States was 17 out of 100,000 people in 1932 , when unemployment peaked at 25 percent .
That compares with 11 out of 100,000 people in 2005 , the most recent year for which data is available .
The reported total in 2005 was 32,637 .
Anecdotally , it would seem that more finance - related suicides stem from people losing their homes in foreclosures .
However , the smaller cluster of executives who have taken their lives suggests that the global collapse of asset values has been enough to persuade some people of means and high position that their lives were without hope .
Steven Stack , a leading researcher of suicide trends at Wayne State University , said that Emile Durkheim , the French sociologist , reached a conclusion more than 100 years ago that holds true today .
“ His argument was that those who are the highest suicide risk are those with the greatest fortunes who lose the most and have the furthest to fall , ” Mr. Stack said .
Scott Coles , the 48 - year - old chief executive of Mortgages Inc. , an aggressive lender to some of Arizona ’s largest commercial development projects , experienced that kind of precipitous downturn .
He became a multimillionaire by signing off on large commercial loans that were financed by high - yielding mortgage investments  a business strategy that resulted in the collapse of his company and of his prominent reputation .
The police ruled his death in June a suicide , and his company filed for bankruptcy later that month .
At 82 , Edwin Rachleff was nearing the end of his long career as a broker , most recently running A. G. Edwards ’s New London branch in Connecticut .
He was a pillar of his local community and had been married to his wife of 60 years .
Image Scott Coles , 48 , killed himself as his company faltered .
Credit ...
Blacktie- Arizona
But on July 28 , one of his main clients , the $ 12 million New London Security Federal Credit Union , was declared insolvent by regulators and shut down .
That day , he leapt to his death from the 11th floor of a building .
Investigators are examining his ties to the defunct credit union .
Mr. Rachleff left no note , but he was said to be upset over his worsening eyesight and the possibility that he might lose his broker ’s license .
When Kirk Stephenson , 47 , jumped in front of the morning commuter train that would have taken him from his country home to his office in London , he left no note either .
Friends and family were in shock , as there were no evident signs of distress from Mr. Stephenson , who was married and had an 8 - year - old son .
While no public explanation has been given , his death came in late September , as Olivant , the small investment company where he worked as chief operating officer , was confronted with the news that substantial assets it held at Lehman Brothers would not be recovered anytime soon because of the investment bank ’s bankruptcy .
Karthik Rajaram , 45 , who had founded an Internet business incubator , was an out - of - work investor living in an upscale Los Angeles neighborhood when he fatally shot his three children , wife and mother - in - law before turning the gun on himself in early October .
In a letter addressed to the police found at the site of the shootings , Mr. Rajaram blamed economic hardships for his actions .
Although research is scant , M. Harvey Brenner , a professor at the Johns Hopkins School of Public Health in Baltimore , says that at higher income levels , those suffering financial distress will on occasion lash out at those closest to them .
“ If these people are not alive , ” Mr. Brenner said , “ they will not be in a position to rebuke the head of household or suffer further embarrassment . ”
In the early 1990s I attended a conference designed to teach journalists the tools of an emerging field known as computer - assisted investigative reporting .
One of the hottest sessions of the conference explained how journalists could replicate stories that other papers had done locally using computer tools , including one especially popular project to determine if banks in your community were discriminating against minority borrowers in making mortgages .
One newspaper , the Atlanta Journal - Constitution , had already won a Pulitzer Prize for its computer - assisted series on the subject , and others , including the Washington Post and the Detroit Free Press , had also weighed in with their own analysis based on government loan data .
Everyone sounded keen to learn if their local banks were guilty , too .
Although academic researchers leveled substantial criticisms against these newspaper efforts ( namely , that they relied on incomplete data and did not take into account lower savings rates , higher debt levels , and higher loan defaults rates for many minority borrowers ) , bank lending to minority borrowers still became an enormous issue — mostly because newspaper reporters and editors in this pre-talk radio , pre-blogging era were determined to make it so .
Editorialists called for the government to force banks to end the alleged discrimination , and they castigated federal banking regulators who said they saw no proof of wrongdoing in the data .
Eventually , the political climate changed , and Washington became a believer in the story .
Crucial to this change was a Federal Reserve Bank of Boston study which concluded that although lender discrimination was not as severe as suggested by the newspapers , it nevertheless existed .
This , then , became the dominant government position , even though subsequent efforts by other researchers to verify the Fed ’s conclusions showed serious deficiencies in the original work .
One economist for the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp . who looked more deeply into the data , for instance , found that the difference in denial rates on loans for whites and minorities could be accounted for by such factors as higher rates of delinquencies on prior loans for minorities , or the inability of lenders to verify information provided to them by some minority applicants .
Ignoring the import of such data , federal officials went on a campaign to encourage banks to lower their lending standards in order to make more minority loans .
One result of this campaign is a remarkable document produced by the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston in 1998 titled “ Closing the Gap : A Guide to Equal Opportunity Lending ” .
Quoting from a study which declared that “ underwriting guidelines …may be unintentionally racially biased , ” the Boston Fed then called for what amounted to undermining many of the lending criteria that banks had used for decades .
It told banks they should consider junking the industry ’s traditional debt - to - income ratio , which lenders used to determine whether an applicant ’s income was sufficient to cover housing costs plus loan payments .
It instructed banks that an applicant ’s “ lack of credit history should not be seen as a negative factor ” in obtaining a mortgage , even though a mortgage is the biggest financial obligation most individuals will undertake in life .
In cases where applicants had bad credit ( as opposed to no credit ) , the Boston Fed told banks to “ consider extenuating circumstances ” that might still make the borrower creditworthy .
When applicants did n’t have enough savings to make a down payment , the Boston Fed urged banks to allow loans from nonprofits or government assistance agencies to count toward a down payment , even though banks had traditionally disallowed such sources because applicants who have little of their own savings invested in a home are more likely to walk away from a loan when they have trouble paying .
Of course , the new federal standards could n’t just apply to minorities .
If they could pay back loans under these terms , then so could the majority of loan applicants .
Quickly , in other words , these became the new standards in the industry .
In 1999 , the New York Times reported that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were easing credit requirements for mortgages it purchased from lenders , and as the housing market boomed , banks embraced these new standards with a vengeance .
Between 2004 and 2007 , Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac became the biggest purchasers of subprime mortgages from all kinds of applicants , white and minority , and most of these loans were based on the lending standards promoted by the government .
Meanwhile , those who raced to make these mortgages were lionized .
Harvard University ’s Joint Center for Housing Studies even invited Angelo Mozilo , CEO of the lender which made more loans purchased by Fannie and Freddie than anyone else , Countrywide Financial , to give its prestigious 2003 Dunlop Lecture on the subject of " The American Dream of Homeownership : From Cliché to Mission . ”
A brief , innocuous description of the event still exists online here .
Many defenders of the government ’s efforts to prompt banks to lend more to minorities have claimed that this effort had little to do with the present mortgage mess .
Specifically they point out that many institutions that made subprime mortgages during the market bubble were n’t even banks subject to the Community Reinvestment Act , the main vehicle that the feds used to cajole banks to loosen their lending .
But this defense misses the point .
In order to push banks to lend more to minority borrowers , advocates like the Boston Fed put forward an entire new set of lending standards and explained to the industry just why loans based on these slacker standards were somehow safer than the industry previously thought .
These justifications became the basis for a whole new set of values ( or lack of values ) , as no - down payment loans and loans to people with poor credit history or to those who were already loaded up with debt became more common throughout the entire industry .
What happened in the mortgage industry is an example of how , in trying to eliminate discrimination from our society , we turned logic on its head .
Instead of nobly trying to ensure equality of opportunity for everyone , many civil rights advocates tried to use the government to ensure equality of outcomes for everyone in the housing market .
And so when faced with the idea that minorities were n’t getting approved for enough mortgages because they did n’t measure up as often to lending standards , the advocates told us that the standards must be discriminatory and needed to be junked .
When lenders did that , we made heroes out of those who led the way , like Angelo Mozilo , before we made villains of them .
Now we all have to pay .
EAST RUTHERFORD , N.J.  Something had to give when the New York Giants sent the NFL's most potent ground game against a Baltimore Ravens defense that ranked first at stuffing the run .
The Giants ran over and around middle linebacker Ray Lewis and the rest of the Ravens ' defense , amassing 207 rushing yards in a 30 - 10 trampling of the visitors that extended their record to an NFC - best 9 - 1 .
BESTS AND WORSTS : Jacobs ' boastful comment among highlights
" We were all talking about ' Let 's get 100 yards , ' " said center Shaun O'Hara .
" We understood how good they were . "
O'Hara then thought about how sweet it was to double the game - plan goal .
BOX SCORE : Giants 30 , Ravens 10
" It 's crazy , " he said .
" It does n't happen in the NFL , and it does n't happen against the Baltimore Ravens . "
Baltimore ( 6 - 4 ) began the afternoon allowing an average of 65.4 yards on the ground .
And yet Brandon Jacobs , after encountering a logjam in the middle of the field , bounced outside to his left for a 36 - yard gallop on New York 's initial handoff .
The Ravens had been so good at overwhelming offensive lines and pinning opposing backs behind the line of scrimmage that many of their previous opponents gave up trying and quickly took to the air .
The Giants attacked them 33 times with running plays — and averaged 6.3 yards per try .
Baltimore , which had its four - game winning streak abruptly halted , had surrendered one rushing touchdown before this .
Jacobs banged in from 1 - yard out on each of his team 's first two possessions to help create a 13 - 0 first - quarter advantage that grew to 20 - 3 command by halftime .
" That 's what I do , " said Jacobs .
" I set the tone for our team . "
Jacobs finished with all 73 of his yards in the opening half .
He carried only twice more after that , finishing with 11 attempts , due to what he indicated was a mild knee injury .
Backfield mates Ahmad Bradshaw ( nine carries , 96 yards with the bulk of those coming on a 77 - yard fourth - quarter dash ) and Derrick Ward ( 11 rushes , 41 yards ) made the most of limited opportunities .
" All three of us in the backfield did well and it could have been worse , " Jacobs said .
" Due to technical difficulties , I could n't return . "
The Giants extended their perfection at home to 6 - 0 .
They churned out at least 200 yards on the ground for the fifth time this season , including each of the last three games .
That made life easy for quarterback Eli Manning ( 13 - for - 23 , 153 yards , one TD , one interception ) .
" We all knew we had something special this year with the running backs , with the quarterback , with the offensive line coming back , " guard Rich Seubert said .
Lewis admitted to overpursuing on Bradshaw 's 77 - yard run .
He indicated those kinds of breakdowns typified Baltimore 's long afternoon .
" The bottom line is we do n't let people get outside on us , " he said .
" They did . "
In an NPR piece the other day on the return of Newt Gingrich , reporter Lynn Neary noted that some Republicans are attempting to lure the former House speaker back into the party leadership as the head of the Republican National Committee .
Newt says the chances of that happening are pretty much zero , as he ’s focusing all his time and energy on two things : the Center for Health Transformation and American Solutions .
The latter group is the one that brought you the “ drill here , drill now , pay less ” canard .
They ’re also pushing for a repeal of Sarbanes - Oxley ( the corporate accountability law passed in the wake of the Enron , WorldCom , Qwest , Adelphia , and Tyco debacles ) and are agitating for a zero capital gains tax rate and a “ 12 % corporate income tax rate strategy for economic growth . ”
Their “ Solutions Lab ” section is a veritable parade of innovative thinking , and gives you a decent idea of where the whole operation is coming from .
The Recent Solutions Submitted section includes “ HOW TO STOP THE FAIRNESS DOCTRINE ; ” “ Immigration Fraud Control ; ” and a quick and easy solution to the housing crisis ( which involves giving some of the bailout money to the companies holding bad mortgages – in other words , let ’s continue the privatize the gain and socialize the loss strategery that has served us so well in the past ) .
The Top Rated section is headed by “ Rebuilding the American Dream :
The best way to finance government in the history of mankind ” and “ Drilling Offshore , Absolutely – Also , Fusion Is Here ! ”
The Most Viewed solutions begin with “ The Optional Flat Tax ( ‘ Tax Choice ’ ) ” – of course , and then continues on to the “ Right to say ‘ One Nation Under God ’ in the Pledge of Allegiance ” and “ Phase Out State Income Taxes . ”
The CHT is equally inventive in its thinking .
Its site serves up an appetizing dose of cleverly crafted rhetoric , leaning heavily on universally appealing concepts like “ transformational health solutions , ” “ better health and more choices at lower cost , ” and “ transformation training , publications and education . ”
And who could possibly be against transformation and education and more for less ?
In a nation gone mad over “ change we can believe in , ” the Center for Health Transformation sounds like a dream come true .
Unless , of course , you ’re the sort who ’s uneasy around a lot of codespeak .
The first two bullets here ought to sound familiarish : “ Individual - Centered ” and “ Values Driven . ”
The “ 100 % Coverage ” goal is nice , but wander around the site for awhile and it ’s more than clear that this is same - old same - old , market - driven , corporatist , and as good as it all sounds , there really have n’t been any barriers to getting it done before now , have there ?
Pay attention to the bright shiny thing in my left hand , says the guy who brought us the Contract on America , and I ’ll cover 100 % of the people by not covering 100 % of the people .
Gingrich pays lip service to the idea that the GOP needs new ideas , new leaders , new direction , yadda yadda yadda , and feels that it ’s imperative that the party “ represent everyone , everywhere . ”
Anybody who knows
Newt ’s history is probably giggling at this , but there is a measure of truth in it when he argues that the party has to expand its emphasis .
“ I think a base - focused plan , a base - mobilization plan is inherently a strategy for self - destruction , ” he says , and that at least demonstrates a solid measure of 20/20 hindsight .
As for his role in cultivating a “ new ” GOP , though , he believes “ we need new ideas , much more dramatically and much more deeply than we need organizational leadership at the RNC , ” so he ’s going to focus on his idea factories and let others handle the less important work of running the party .
Besides , he says , the party is overrun with rising “ stars , ” like governors Palin , Jindal , Crist , Barbour , Sanford and Perry .
I more than agree with Newt that the GOP needs new ideas – I just do n’t see any .
If I might sum up the high spots of his current work , he seems to be offering us the following solutions :
lower capital gains taxes ( excuse me , I mean no capital gains taxes )
lower corporate taxes , period ( based on the trickle - down philosophy that whatever is good for big business is automatically good for the rest of us )
more corporate control of health care and coverage
more oil drilling ( and hence the ceding of more public land to the oil companies )
less regulation of the corporate processes that produced the worst fraud in recent memory
despite his sense that the party can’t win by pandering to the base , he sees the most egregious base - pander in American political history , Sarah Palin , as one of the party ’s future stars
Do you see anything new here ?
When we have a run of success , and then things go wrong , it ’s only natural to reflect on the good times and to try recapturing whatever it was that led to success in the first place .
In our personal lives , this is what causes people to get back together with old boyfriends and girlfriends , no matter how toxic the breakup may have been in the first place .
We tell our friends that no , no no no , he / she has changed , I ’ve changed , it will be different this time .
You ’ll see .
The old boyfriend / girlfriend that Newt and so many other GOPpers can’t seem to get over is Ronald Reagan and the glorious “ government is not the solution to our problems , government is the problem ” supply - side nothings he whispered in our ears all those years ago when we were virgins and maybe had some small excuse for our blithering ignorance .
For my own part , I learned a long time ago that you ca n’t find your future by looking in your past .
Yes , the Republicans need new ideas – lots of them – because on November 4th American voters sent a message that they ’d had about enough of the same - old same - old .
So the GOP now has a choice : cultivate genuinely new ideas , or re-gift discredited old ideas by wrapping them in shiny new rhetoric .
If the latter approach wins the heart of the party in the coming months , it ’s going to be the best thing that ’s happened to the Democrats in eons – in the short term , anyway .
In the long term , though , the Dems are more likely to benefit from a strong opponent who pushes them to innovate and grow new and better solutions of their own .
Without that , they will likely grow stale , as the GOP has .
And stale parties with no ideas are bad for America , short term and long …
Who wants to be a billionaire ?
More than 40 impoverished Chinese tycoons , who have lost their platinum status thanks to the world 's financial turmoil .
Louis Vuitton , Cartier and Bentley should perhaps be bracing themselves for leaner times .
The combined worth of the country 's 400 richest people has plummeted by 40 % to a mere $ 173bn ( £ 100 bn ) since last year , new research has shown .
That has slashed the number of Chinese billionaires from 66 in 2007 to just 24 .
It would have been even lower without the yuan 's rise against the dollar .
A 60 % plunge in the Chinese stockmarket , and a 50 % drop in Hong Kong shares , has wiped hundreds of millions of dollars off the biggest fortunes .
The top 40 lost an even larger proportion - $ 68bn , or 57 % - according to Forbes magazine , which compiles the annual rich list .
Yang Huiyuan , the property heiress who topped last year 's list , is the biggest loser .
Her net worth dropped a staggering $ 14bn , leaving her with $ 2.2 bn - merely enough to scrape in at third place .
Property magnates dominated 2007 's list .
But the sales have slumped this year - wiping out 98 % of Cheung Chung Kiu 's fortune .
Last year , the boss of the developer CC Land stood at number 26 .
Now he is outside the top 400 .
" You can't really believe it , " said Zhang Xin , who runs another well - known property firm , Soho China .
She lost two - thirds of her fortune but clung on to billionaire status with her remaining $ 1.2 bn .
Yet , like many , she was optimistic about the future : " We 'll ride with the next wave , " she told Forbes .
Manufacturing businesses have also suffered , cutting the fortune of Yan Cheung to only $ 265 m .
The head of Nine Dragons Paper , China 's largest packaging maker , was previously one of only 10 self - made female billionaires in the world .
And Larry Yung of Citic Pacific lost more than $ 500 m in a single day .
But Zhou Chengjian bucked the trend by climbing 351 places to fifth spot after his fashion firm boosted his wealth to $ 2bn .
More bad news may be on its way for the newly impecunious - yesterday the benchmark Shanghai composite index slid again .
5 Things You Didn't Know : Playboy
Page 1 of 2
The emergence — and instant success — of Playboy magazine in 1953 was no accident :
Its timing was perfect , arriving primed and ready on the porch just as the morning newspaper had for decades before .
The Victorian era ended with the First World War , which was followed by global economic collapse and then the Second World War .
Men emerged from these times utterly disillusioned and ready to reject the role of breadwinner , to renounce that responsibility and assume a leisure consumerism .
However , consumerism — shopping for yourself , indulging in that kind of vanity — was at the time reserved largely for women , and decidedly effeminate for men .
It was not the lifestyle associated with the strong heterosexual male .
However , anyone who reads Playboy ’s first issue can very easily hear Hugh Hefner ’s staunch defense of this emerging lifestyle :
“ We do n’t mind telling you in advance — we plan on spending most of our time inside .
We like our apartment … .
We enjoy mixing up cocktails and an hors d’oeuvre or two , putting a little mood music on the phonograph and inviting in a female acquaintance for a quiet discussion on Picasso , Nietzche , jazz , sex . ”
With that mission statement in mind , here are five things you did n’t know about Playboy , the magazine that helped to launch a revolution .
1- Playboy was n’t originally called Playboy
What we know as Playboy today came very close to being known as Stag Party , which perhaps only seems awful in posterity .
Hefner ’s preferred title was stifled by another magazine , an outdoor rag called Stag , which threatened him with legal action if he went ahead with that title .
The name Playboy came at the suggestion of Hefner ’s associate Eldon Sellers , whose mother had previously been employed at the then - defunct Playboy Automotive Company .
2- Playboy hosted TV ’s first desegregated program
Playboy ’s Penthouse premiered in late October 1959 and it served a few purposes — among them it was hoped that the show would introduce Hefner to a wider audience and eliminate any notion that he was little more than a perverted smut peddler .
Granted , he was not the most engaging host , but he did explain the format on air to comedian Lenny Bruce , saying , “ We 're trying to build the personality of the show out of the magazine itself and make the thing a sort of sophisticated weekly get - together of the people that we dig and the people who dig us . ”
To that end , Hefner featured blacks and whites “ partying ” together , becoming the first nationally televised show to do so .
Playboy ’s Penthouse featured such acts as Ella Fitzgerald , Nat " King " Cole and Sarah Vaughn .
3- The Playboy rabbit head is hidden on almost every cover
The tradition of concealing Playboy ’s rabbit head logo on the magazine ’s cover began in the 1960s as nothing more than “ a lighthearted way to challenge readers . ”
By the mid-1970s , Playboy ’s headquarters were inundated with so many requests from bewildered readers who searched and searched but could not find it that the editors began offering hints on where to find him on the contents page .
But even before the popular draw of the rabbit head , Playboy ’s mascot was so recognizable that a reader was able to address a letter to Playboy ’s headquarters by simply drawing the mascot on the envelope .
Some more things that you did n’t know about Playboy magazine …
Back in 2004 Microsoft applied for a patent for real - time censoring of audio streams , and now the USPTO has granted that patent .
As PC gamers have known for a long time , and Xbox gamers have known for a while , playing against other humans online is a much more enjoyable experience than beating a computer .
Thanks to the advent of teamspeak , you can game with others as if they were in your living room , without having to worry about them knocking their drinks over and staining the carpet .
However , the somewhat anonymous nature of the internet means you also encounter individuals who lack the sort of internal filter that prevents most of us from blurting out streams of profanity that would make Mr. Tourette blush .
More often than not , the profanasaurus on the other end of the mike is a schoolboy still at the age where yelling random insults at strangers seems amusing , but it only takes one moron to spoil a good time .
The patent involves real - time ( or batch ) analysis of an audio stream that can recognize inappropriate language based on phonemes , and then overwrite objectionable words with bleeps , other noises , or silence .
But online gaming is n't the only area where this technology could show up .
TV networks , fearing hefty FCC fines , would be able to broadcast live without fear of exposing the sheltered ears of their audience to a ( possibly life altering ) outburst or expletive .
No more seven - second delay with an editor 's finger hovering over the bleep button , no more being raked over the coals by the Parents Television Council , no more f***s , s***s , or m*************
c********* slipping into the next award show .
I can also envisage a more sinister role , however , regardless of one 's opinion on whether or not those seven words ought to be allowed to be said on television .
Imagine the same system applied to digital telephony , then think how valuable such a system might be to an authoritarian regime .
As we 've seen to good effect in Burma and elsewhere , the ubiquity of cell phones has been a good thing for dissidents who need to get their message out or organize themselves .
The Great Firewall of China already blocks objectionable web content from reaching Chinese computers ; what 's to stop cell phones from censoring anti-government conversations too ?
Juneau is hardly the top American target for terrorists , so what ’s Blackwater doing in Alaska ’s capital ?
Author Stuart Archer Cohen and Juneau ’s KTOO
News have reported sightings of uniformed guards from the private security contractor , and Cohen has some clues as to why they ’re there .
Stuart Archer Cohen :
Blackwater is here to guard a radar station for tests of the National Missile Defense system now officially deployed and operational here in Alaska .
Do n’t let the words “ deployed ” and “ operational ” mislead you : the system ca n’t really shoot down hostile missiles .
It can barely shoot down a single test missile when provided with its exact take - off time and trajectory , let alone detect and destroy a surprise attack by multiple missiles .
Unbiased experts , including the Union of Concerned Scientists , assert that because the system can be so easily and cheaply defeated by countermeasures such as decoys , or overwhelmed by the complexity of a real attack , that it will never be a practical defense .
Nevertheless , our government continues to divert billions of dollars into the pockets of defense contractors on this wildly expensive high - tech version of France ’s Maginot Line , so gleefully outflanked by the Germans in 1940 .
This is more than just a constellation of pork barrel projects and misguided priorities .
It ’s theft on a massive scale .
Read more
Well , since no one here probably reads Hebrew , reading the original article is n’t going to be that useful .
I ’ll be brief , though .
This is not the first time shit like this happens and probably not the last .
An Israeli Arab dared to use his car on Yom Kippur ( like he gives a flying fuck about Jewish Halacha , duh ) , so the crowd mobbed him and almost lynched him .
By that , I mean that they tried stoning him to death and he managed to escape .
He did , by the way , try to be quiet and subtle …
But you know , religious thugs do n’t really use their brains before they delve into a self - rightous spree of violence .
Disgusting .
If this is the way Jews behave on the day when they ’re supposed to be atoning for their sins , I can only imagine what their worst is .
Also , if this is the way Jews are supposed to behave to a foreigner who tries to respect their feelings but nevertheless , does not share their same convictions , then I am ashamed of being associated with Judaism for having been raised Jewish .
Despicable .
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
Woohoo !
This post was Pharyngulated !
It ’s already getting its fair share of play , but the enormous NY Times take out on McCain and the gambling industry is must reading for any voter , leaning any which way .
Most of the article is a meticulous , and to my eye devastating account of McCain ’s deep - inside - Washington maneouverings on behalf of favored friends and allies in the gambling world .
While the article is meticulous in avoiding charges that Senator McCain violated laws , its account is a powerful , blow - by - blow description of the practical corruption and DC business - as - usual life of a powerful Senator .
But while I ’m sure that this story of the corrupted false messiah will get its share of play , the article touches on — but does not delve into — what is to me much the more important issue .
There are hints .
Here is the lede paragraph to the piece :
Senator John McCain was on a roll .
In a room reserved for high - stakes gamblers at the Foxwoods Resort Casino in Connecticut , he tossed $ 100 chips around a hot craps table .
When the marathon session ended around 2:30 a.m. , the Arizona senator and his entourage emerged with thousands of dollars in winnings .
An aside here : Mathematically literate readers will wince at the phrase “ a hot craps table . ”
The notion of a hot table is nonsense : in Wikipedia ’s version , “ since there is no correlation between die rolls , there is no possible long - term winning strategy in craps . ”
Rather , the odds in craps are set to ensure that the house always wins over time — and rather modest increments of time at that .
There are thus only two possible explanations for McCain ’s success at the table that night .
He could have benefited from the fact that randomized processes can produce ’ patchy outputs .
Alternatively the casino bosses for whom he was the lead Senator on gambling matters decided to improve their odds in the bigger game of Washington lobbying , and juice McCain ’s chances with a little mechanical help .
There is no way of knowing of course what occurred that day – and all casino games are set up to ensure that there are enough winners to persuade the losers ( ultimately , everyone ) to keep coming back .
So without knowing McCain ’s results over a much longer series of his gambling weekends , I would n’t accuse him or anyone of impropriety or worse .
Rather , the deeper issue here is what McCain ’s gaming habits tell us about the kind of mind he has .
First , you have to know that McCain has a well documented love of gambling — and specifically for craps with its high reward - higher risk profile and its significant house edge . *
( Which is another way of saying that if over his years as a Senator with oversight over the gambling industry he shows a notable net positive return on his wagers , he is most likely being bribed .
Anyone check his tax records on this ? )
This pleasure in the game can take on the color of urgency .
When , during the campaign , his advisors blocked him from heading to a casino floor in Las Vegas to play , he proposed bringing a craps table to his room .
His aides blocked that idea too , but that it even occured to a man in the middle of a Presidential campaign illustrates the depth of McCain ’s gambling jones .
Now , what does this love of high risk , immediate reward , and long - term inevitable loss say about McCain ’s emotional and intellectual fitness for the Presidency ?
Does an affinity for a gambling rush imply anything about the rest of McCain ’s capacity for judgment and decision making ability ?
The answer , according to both empirical observation and recent neurobiological research , is at least a provisional yes .
Anecdotes ( which I know are not data ) first :
Just take the last week of the campaign to see what happens when an impulsive risk taker gets on the loose .
McCain ’s sudden decision to call for a delay on the debate and assert a ( false ) suspension of his campaign were widely seen as on - the - spot impulse decisions .
They do not appear to have benefitted him .
His decision to demand a role in the bailout negotiations has been widely described as a disaster …and so on .
Going a little further the selection of Gov. Palin looks like another impulse acceptance of great risk for potentially great reward .
Such examples of McCain ’s behavior under pressure does not prove that he is an erratic , risk addicted menace , of course .
But they do provide a portrait that is consistent with that view .
Now , enter neuroscience .
The study of the brain chemistry of gambling is a young one , and anyone looking for a deterministic answer to the question of whether regular but not ruinous risk taking is an indicator for a broader collection of mental attributes is not going to find it there , at least not yet .
But the current focus of the research on dopamine metabolism and the way centers of your brain respond to the stimulus winning and losing , do show the connection between emotion and brain states .
At the same time , studies of problem gambling suggest ( and I emphasize suggest ) that the brain states that correlate with behaviors like chasing losses , in the words of one such investigation , “ might underlie the loss - of - control over appetitive behaviors in other impulse control disorders . ”
Other types of studies — suggest , for example , that gamblers can’t take the long view as well as non gamblers .
( Again , suggest , because no one small sample study can be said to mean very much at all .
Just reminding everyone of what I ’m sure y’all know very well ) .
John McCain the candidate is a gambler — that ’s on the record .
He likes to roll the dice .
The metaphor is exact .
Both his own history and the accumulating evidence of psychological and neurobiological work make it impossible to assume that his love of the game can be confined to a craps table in the basement of the White House .
This is not a comforting thought to attach to someone whose hands could hold the nuclear codes .
* Obama ’s gambling as profiled in the same article linked above , has centered on low - stakes poker .
Describing his regular game at the Illinois State Legislature , the article reports :
He always had his head in the game .
The stakes were low enough — $ 1 ante and $ 3 top raise — to afford a long shot .
Not Obama .
He studied the cards as closely as he would an eleventh - hour amendment to a bill .
The odds were religion to him .
Only rarely did he bluff .
“ He had a pretty good idea about what his chances were , ” says Denny Jacobs , a former state senator from East Moline .
It seems to me worth noting the obvious : where craps is a game of chance with the inevitability of long - term losses , poker is a game of strategy , rewarding an understanding of probability and a capacity for psychological assessment of your opponents .
Hand by hand results may vary , but over time , the more skilled player wins .
So the question in the upcoming election becomes : would you rather have a craps player or a poker player staring down Putin next time around ?
As our French friends would say : the question answers itself .
Image : William Hogarth “ The Gaming Table ” from A Rake ’s Progress , 1732 - 35 .
Source : Wikimedia Commons .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
This entry was posted on September 28 , 2008 at 2:02 pm and is filed under brain and mind , McCain , Obama , Politics .
You can subscribe via RSS 2.0 feed to this post 's comments .
Tags : brain and mind , Gambling , McCain , neuroscience , New York Times , Obama , Politics
You can comment below , or link to this permanent URL from your own site .
The concept behind the StupidFilter Project originated during a conversation between Gabriel Ortiz and Paul Starr .
StupidFilter was conceived out of necessity .
Too long have we suffered in silence under the tyranny of idiocy .
In the beginning , the internet was a place where one could communicate intelligently with similarly erudite people .
Then , Eternal September hit and we were lost in the noise .
The advent of user - driven web content has compounded the matter yet further , straining our tolerance to the breaking point .
It 's time to fight back .
The solution we 're creating is simple : an open - source filter software that can detect rampant stupidity in written English .
This will be accomplished with weighted Bayesian or similar analysis and some rules - based processing , similar to spam detection engines .
The primary challenge inherent in our task is that stupidity is not a binary distinction , but rather a matter of degree .
To this end , we 're collecting a ranked corpus of stupid text , gleaned from user comments on public websites and ranked on a five - point scale .
Eventually , once the research is completed , we plan to release core engine source code for incorporation into content management systems , blogs , wikis and the like .
Additionally , we plan to develop a fully implemented Firefox plugin and a Wordpress plugin .
Wo n't it be amazing to have a president in this country that does n't make you cringe when he speaks ?
Obama spoke yesterday before a crowd of 12,900 in Richmond , Virginia .
There are no real or fake parts of this country .
We are not separated by the pro-America and anti-America parts of this nation – we all love this country , no matter where we live or where we come from .
There are patriots who supported this war in Iraq and patriots who opposed it ; patriots who believe in Democratic policies and those who believe in Republican policies .
The men and women from Virginia and all across America who serve on our battlefields may be Democrats and Republicans and Independents , but they have fought together and bled together and some died together under the same proud flag .
They have not served a Red America or a Blue America – they have served the United States of America .
We have always been at our best when we 've had leadership that called us to look past our differences and come together as one nation , as one people ; leadership that rallied this entire country to a common purpose – to a higher purpose .
And I am running for President of the United States of America because that is the country we need to be right now .
This country and the dream it represents are being tested in a way that we have n't seen in nearly a century .
And future generations will judge ours by how we respond to this test .
Will they say that this was a time when America lost its way and its purpose ?
When we allowed the same divisions and fear tactics and our own petty differences to plunge this country into a dark and painful recession ?
Or will they say that this was another one of those moments when America overcame ?
When we battled back from adversity by recognizing that common stake that we have in each other 's success ?
This is one of those moments .
I realize you 're cynical and fed up with politics .
I understand that you 're disappointed and even angry with your leaders .
You have every right to be .
But despite all of this , I ask of you what 's been asked of the American people in times of trial and turmoil throughout our history .
I ask you to believe – to believe in yourselves , in each other , and in the future we can build together .
Fox News announced that after 12 years , Alan Colmes will be leaving the top-rated " Hannity & Colmes " at the end of the year .
“ I approached Bill Shine ( FNC ’s Senior Vice President of Programming ) earlier this year about wanting to move on after 12 years to develop new and challenging ways to contribute to the growth of the network , " Colmes said in a statement .
" Although it ’s bittersweet to leave one of the longest marriages on cable news , I ’m proud that both Sean ( Hannity ) and I remained unharmed after sitting side by side , night after night for so many years . ”
Sean Hannity said Colmes was " a remarkable co-host , " " great friend , " and " skillful debate partner . ”
Colmes will remain a Fox commentator , and continue hosting " The Alan Colmes Show " on Fox News Radio .
Also , he 's developing a weekend show .
So will it just be the " The Sean Hannity Show " ( as on the radio ) or take the name of the weekly Fox show , " Hannity 's America ? "
In the release , published after the jump , there 's no mention of Hannity seeking a new liberal co-host , so I assume he's on his own , but ca n't say for sure .
I 've put the question to Fox and will update when available .
UPDATE : A Fox spokesperson said it has not yet been determined , but the NY Times hears that Hannity may go it alone .
Also , Hannity talks up Colmes on his radio show .
ALAN COLMES TO DEPART TOP RATED HANNITY & COLMES
FOX News Channel ’s ( FNC ) Alan Colmes will relinquish his role as co-host of Hannity & Colmes at the end of the year .
In announcing his decision , Colmes said , “ I approached Bill Shine ( FNC ’s Senior Vice President of Programming ) earlier this year about wanting to move on after 12 years to develop new and challenging ways to contribute to the growth of the network .
Although it ’s bittersweet to leave one of the longest marriages on cable news , I ’m proud that both Sean ( Hannity ) and I remained unharmed after sitting side by side , night after night for so many years . ”
Colmes will continue to have a presence on FNC as he will serve as a liberal commentator on a variety of FOX News programming , including Foxnews.com ’s
The Strategy Room and continue hosting his radio program , The Alan Colmes Show on FOX Talk , a division of FOX News Radio .
He will also begin developing a weekend program .
Shine said , “ We ’re very sorry to see Alan reach this decision but we understand his desire to seek other creative challenges in his career .
We value his incredible hard work in making Hannity & Colmes the most successful debate program on cable news and we ’re going to miss him on the show .
Thankfully , he will begin developing a weekend pilot for us . ”
FOX News Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Roger Ailes added , “ Alan is one of the key reasons why FOX News has been such a remarkable success .
We ’re sad to see him leave the program but we look forward to his ongoing contributions to the network . ”
Hannity & Colmes is the only FNC program which has remained in the same timeslot for 12 years , catapulting to number one in 2003 and never relinquishing the top spot .
The second highest - rated program in cable news behind only The O’Reilly Factor , Hannity & Colmes averaged 3.3 million viewers nightly for the Nielsen month of October and is poised to mark 60 consecutive months at number one at the end of November .
Hannity added , “ Not only has Alan been a remarkable co-host , he ’s been a great friend which is rare in this industry — I ’ll genuinely miss sparring with such a skillful debate partner . ”
Throughout his 12 year tenure on Hannity & Colmes , Colmes has interviewed numerous key political figures , including : President Elect Barack Obama , Senator Hillary Clinton ( D - NY ) , Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi ( D - CA ) , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - NV ) , Senator Ted Kennedy ( D - MA ) , DNC Chairman Howard Dean and former Vice President Al Gore .
FOX News Channel ( FNC ) is a 24 - hour general news service covering breaking news as well as political , entertainment and business news .
For nearly seven years , FNC has been the most watched cable news channel in the nation .
Owned by News Corp. , FNC is available in more than 90 million homes .
comments closed
permalink
British couple set to divorce after wife finds her husband 's alter - ego chatting affectionately with a woman in the virtual world
For its many devotees , the Second Life virtual world is a place where the everyday constraints of normal life drop away and vivid fantasies can be played out .
But fact and fiction have collided in heartbreaking fashion for a British couple who are divorcing after the wife discovered her real - life husband 's online alter - ego , a goatee - bearded , medallion - wearing hombre called Dave Barmy , with another - virtual - woman .
Amy Taylor , who in Second Life is club DJ Laura Skye , said today that as far as she was concerned her husband , David Pollard , was having a real relationship with the human controlling her love rival .
" It may have started on - line but it existed entirely in the real world and it hurts just as much , " she said .
" His was the ultimate betrayal .
He had been lying to me . "
The brainchild of American company Linden Lab , Second Life players can create a virtual alter ego , an avatar .
This avatar can move around the imagined world , meet people , socialise , buy land and property with the game 's virtual currency and set up businesses .
Role - playing games have won plaudits for connecting people , academics and businesses , but the British charity Relate said tonight that its counsellors were coming across an increasing number of people whose real - life relationships were falling apart because of what was happening in their parallel , unreal worlds .
Second Life players have spotted the trend and some have set themselves up as virtual private eyes who check on the fidelity of suspected cyber cheats - or as virtual relationship counsellors .
Appropriately enough , Amy Taylor ( she has already changed her name by deed poll ) , 28 , and David Pollard , 40 , met in an internet chatroom .
She moved from her home in London to be with him in Newquay , north Cornwall , and at first they had fun together in real life and cyberspace .
In Second Life she liked to wear tight - fitting cowboy outfits and lived by the motto : " Never give your heart easily . "
He set himself up in a winter chalet with a Cobra helicopter gunship parked next to it .
Their avatars became partners in Second Life - until Taylor woke from an afternoon nap and found Pollard at the computer watching his Dave Barmy character having sex with a prostitute .
Horrified , Taylor ended the online relationship between Skye and Barmy but stayed with Pollard in real life .
It was then that fact and fiction really began to collide .
Taylor decided to test Dave Barmy - and thus Pollard 's loyalty - by turning to a virtual female private eye called Markie Macdonald .
A " honeytrap " was set up in which an alluring avatar chatted Barmy up .
He passed the test with flying colours , talking about Laura Skye all night .
Barmy and Skye got back together in cyberspace , marrying in a ceremony held in a pretty tropical grove .
In real life at their flat in Cornwall , Taylor wept as she watched the service and in 2005 - real life again - the couple married in the less glamorous surroundings of St Austell register office .
But Taylor sensed something was wrong and eventually found Dave Barmy chatting affectionately to a woman who was not Laura Skye .
She found it even more disturbing than his earlier tryst as there seemed genuine affection in it and - in real life - she filed for divorce .
Taylor said she realised the saga sounded " bizarre " but added : " People find love in lots of different ways . "
She said she still played Second Life - and there was a chance that her alter ego would bump into her former partner's .
It would be awkward but they would survive .
Pollard admitted he was having an on - line relationship with an American woman .
" We were n't even having cyber sex or anything like that we were just chatting and hanging out together .
It was nothing really major .
I do n't think I was really doing anything wrong . "
Newest updates are at the top !
- Event is over !
We 're heading to the briefing area for hands - on . :)
- Someone asked about touchscreens and if they make sense , and Steve said no , not right now
-" Can we see a netbook from Apple soon ?
and does the 17 " MacBook Pro come out with the rest of them ? "
Steve says 17 " is around now , but it 's not updated like the new ones are updated .
Steve says netbooks are a new market and " we 'll see how it goes . "
- What 's the concern about the glare on the new screens ?
Are you planning to incorporate matte screen in the future ?
Steve says " We 're going straight glass .
A few of our customers prefer matte screens , but a vast majority ( capital " V " on Vast ) prefer glass because of brighter colors , etc . "
- How should we talk about cost of manufacturing , old vs. new ?
Apple says they 'll talk more at the financial call but they 're really excited about being able to drop prices
- What 's the size and weight differences between new and old MacBooks ?
Tim Cook says MacBook goes from 1.08 " to 0.95 " , same as the MacBook Pro. MacBook is 4.5 lbs and MacBook Pro is 5.5 lbs
- Someone asks whether the MacBook will be stealing demand from the high - end to the mid-end .
Steve says " there may be some , but we 'll see . "
- Someone asked about 17 " MacBook Pro , they say it 's still around and being " refreshed "
-" The licensing is so complex , we 're waiting until things settle down before we burden our customers with the cost of the licensing and the cost of the drives . "
- Regarding Blu-ray : Steve says " You know , Blu-ray is a bag of hurt . "
- Someone asks about Blu-ray and the display port .
Steve says " As you know , HDMI is limited in the resolution it can drive . "
Tim Cook says you can get to HDMI via connectors , but for typical computer use , they think Display Port is the future of the computer
- Steve says Apple is the only company to take the new NVIDIA chips to market right now
-" We are not economists , you can ask other people about the economy who are smarter than us "
- Steve 's blood pressure : 110/70 , " This is all we 're gonna talk about Steve 's health today "
- Now the Q&A session coming , Jobs says they can't talk about earnings stuff that they 're announcinglater this month
-" We 've refined every single detail to make it sensual . " -- Jonathan Ive
-" We made the entire glass trackpad the button !
Worked for months to develop just the right texture . "
-" LED backlight is on instantly , energy efficient , takes less power than standard display .
Colors have more pop . "
- From the video :
- Watching video about the new MacBooks
- Shipping today , should be in stores tomorrow
- Second model adds faster processor , larger hard drive , backlit keyboard , $ 1599
- To get into all these features yesterday , it cost $ 1999 to step up to a MacBook Pro .
Now you can get these features for $ 1299 in a MacBook
- 5 hours of battery life , all environmentally friendly , slot - loading superdrive
- multitouch trackpad ( glass ) , same unibody construction , 5 x the graphics performance
- Introducing a new generation of MacBook : thinner , metal , all - new MacBook
- So these are the three top things we 've heard , Steve says , and they 're coming to the MacBook line
- People lust after the MacBook Pro's metal enclosure , want faster graphics , want an LED - backlit display
- Entry price is currently $ 1099 and we 're gonna keep right on selling these , but reducing the price to $ 999
- Macbook !
The best - selling Mac EVER
- One more thing ...
-$ 899 available in November
- 1920x1200 , built - in iSight camera , built - in stereo speakers , MagSafe , Mini display Port , three - port USB 2.0 hub
- Another is USB , another is power
- One of the cords is a MagSafe connector to plug into notebook and power notebook
- Very thin , corner to corner glass , has some cool features for notebooks
- First cinema display that uses LED backlighting
- Another cool product : 24 " new Cinema Display
- Second model for $ 2499 gives faster processor , solid state drive , available early November
- 128 GB SSD in the MacBook Air now , also putting in a Mini Display Port , $ 1799
- Now putting 120GB hard drive in , 50 % more space
- MacBook Air is getting updated graphics , now getting the GeForce 9400 M ( have to run it a little slower for thermal considerations )
- We have another cool product to talk about : MacBook Air
- Apple has left out toxic chemicals , uses arsenic - free glass , BFR free , mercury free , PVC - free , highly - recyclable , 37 % smaller packaging
- Shipping today , hits the stores tomorrow
- Second config is $ 2499 , 15.4 " screen , 2.53GHz , 6MB L2 , can upgrade any model to 2.8GHz
- Come in two models , $ 1999 for 15.4 " LED - backlit display , 2.4GHz Intel Core 2 Duo/3MB L2 , 2GB 1066MHz DDR3 memory , both NVIDIA chips , 250GB hard drive , slot - loading superdrive
- 802.11n , Bluetooth 2.1 , it 's 0.95 inches thick
- Access battery and drives through lid in the bottom , full accessibility to battery and the drives
- MacBook Pro will have HDD and SSD ( solid state drive )
- Mini Display is the equivalent of a fullsize DVI connector , building it into everything Apple makes
- Slot - load superdrive , MagSafe on the other side , gigabit ethernet , firewire 800 ( no FW400 port ) , two USB , Mini Display Port , audio in & out , expresscard 34 slot , battery indicator to the side of the product
- Go into turbo mode and use the fastest graphics , 4 hours of battery life
- If you 're using the 9400 M you get 5 hours of battery life
- Include both of them in the new MacBook Pro
- The 9600M GT is state of the art , has 32 parallel graphics cores , 120 gigaflops , 512MB GDDR3
- Next up is next - gen graphics .
NVIDIA GeForce 9400 M in the MacBook pro .
We 've added the GeForce 9600M GT as well
- Just touched one .
Confirmed : it 's tough . ;)
-" Hundreds of people have worked on this for many , many , many months . "
- Unibody saves us half the parts , much more rigid construction too .
Steve is now passing around the enclosure to the audience so everyone can see how tough it is
- Precision aluminum unibody enclosure , LED backlit display , next - gen graphics , multitouch glass trackpad , mini display port connector ( putting on all new macs ) , environmentally responsible
- Today we 're replacing the old one ... full glass screen ( looks just like iMac ) , thin display , all connectors on one side
- Today introducing a new MacBook Pro
- Steve is now demoing the different gestures ( one , two , three , four - fingered gestures )
- And we 've added some more four - fingered gestures that are " really nice "
- Multiple buttons via software
- The entire trackpad is the button now , the entire thing gives you more area , keeps you from hunting for the button
- 39 % larger tracking area than we 've ever had before , multitouch , glass for silky smooth travel ( that 's a quote )
- Gorgeous multitouch glass trackpad - New trackpad for notebooks
- If you compare this with the pro graphics in the MacBook Pro , we 're at 55 percent of 3D graphics performance instead of 10 percent .
If you look at overall graphics performance , we 're at 82 %
- From about 3 x to 6 x speedups when we go to play games on it ( real world performance )
- Chipset + GPU on one die , 70 % of die area is GPU , 16 parallel graphics cores , 54 Gigaflops of graphics performance , up to 5 times faster graphics than Intel integrated graphics
- This is the chip here : NVIDIA GeForce 9400M
- This is fantastic , but we'd like to use it in a notebook
- We also have some new graphics for notebooks : " NVIDIA came to us many months ago and talked to us about an amazing graphic part that would combine the chipset and an extremely powerful embedded graphics processor in one part . "
- Using this to build some new notebooks .
Ive is gone , Jobs is back .
- Solid slab of aluminum to start that weighed over 2.5 pounds and end with a " remarkably precise part " that only weighs a quarter of a pound .
It 's not only light , it 's incredibly strong
- We use rough cutting to make the basic cutting and also create some of the mechanical features , blast the part , anodize it
- Rather than start with a thin piece of aluminum , Apple discovered if you start with a thick piece and remove parts to create features and the mechanical structure , we can make a much lighter and much stronger part
- You wo n't find a notebook as thin , robust as the MacBook Air
- For years , we 've been looking for a new way to build a better notebook , and we think we 've found it
- Finally , plastic gasket helps control the junction between palm rest and bottom case
- Palm rest is also made with aluminum and welded to the underside of the palm rest , provides support for trackpad and keyboard
- Structure is primarily derived from the internal frame , and the bottom of the case is a very thin aluminum pressing
-" I think you 'll be surprised to know that the enclosure you can see makes a small contribution to the overall structure . "
- Ive : " One of the most significant challenges is ... when you 're designing a product as thin and light as the MacBook Pro is making it strong , robust , rigid . "
- Steve Jobs is back .
" Let 's talk about notebooks . "
Now Jonathan
Ive is on stage to talk about technology .
- In the first 3 fiscal quarters , Apple has already equaled all of 2007 .
Tim is done .
" That is the state of the Mac . "
- Tim uses that Mac university pic that has circulated around the web ( pictured below ) as an example
- Macs at major universities are at 47 percent for 2008
- In terms of revenue share , revenue share is over 31 percent for the Mac ( 1 out of every 3 dollars is spent on the Mac in US retail )
- In US retail , Apple has gone from a single digit number ( market share ) to 18 percent of unit sales
-" This did n't just begin .
If you look at the history , the Mac has outgrown the market for the last 14 of 15 quarters . "
- These are the six reasons Apple attributes to the Mac 's success .
- Still , 50 % of the Macs they sell are to people who are new to the Mac
- Retail stores : more than 250 stores in 8 countries who greet more than 400,000 visitors each day
- Now playing one of the Get a Mac ads
-" The Mac / PC ad has really struck a chord with so many switchers .
They tell a story and people listen . "
- Vista .
" You may wonder why Vista is on the list .
I think it 's fair to say that Vista has n't lived up to everything Microsoft hoped it would . "
- When people were looking at the Mac in the past , they were concerned about compatibility .
" That 's why we 've included Boot Camp "
- With those better computers comes better software : Leopard , iLife , iWork
- We 've been making better computers , Tim says
- Tim Cook speaking about the Mac product lineup .
" Last reported quarter , we sold 2.5 million Macs .
Several quarters in a row , we 've been crowing at 2 - 3 x the market rate of growth . "
- Everybody knows today 's about notebooks , he says .
First , talking about the State of the Mac
- Steve Jobs is on stage , " we 've got some fun stuff to share with you "
- We 're in the auditorium waiting for the event to start .
Original post :
We 're on the ground in Cupertino , getting ready for Apple 's notebook event taking place at 10 am Pacific Time today !
Check back here for live updates when the event starts .
While you 're waiting for the event to start , why not go over our rumor roundup and drool over the newest leaked photos and specifications from last night ?
By Ian Youngs
Music reporter , BBC News
The Kinks had hits like You Really Got Me , Lola and Waterloo Sunset The Kinks have begun writing new songs ahead of a possible reunion , singer Ray Davies has said .
" We 've started a little bit of this and that , " he told BBC News .
But it is too early to judge the quality , he said .
" It depends if there 's good music .
We want good new music .
I 'd like to do it as a more collaborative thing than we used to do . "
The Kinks were one of the most popular and influential bands of the 1960s , and last performed together in 1996 .
In September , Davies said any reunion would also depend on the health of bandmate and brother Dave , who suffered a stroke in 2004 .
But Dave is currently well , the singer said .
Duets album
The Kinks were responsible for classic ' 60s hits like You Really Got Me , Sunny Afternoon , Waterloo Sunset and All Day And All Of The Night .
Ray Davies would have to fit a reunion around his solo US tour , an album with a choir and a further album of collaborations .
He is aiming to duet with a range of artists , including Razorlight frontman Johnny Borrell , Snow Patrol and some previously unknown talents .
" I do n't just want to do usual suspects , " he said .
" I 'd love to do something with Johnny , but I 'd like to find new bands .
Unsigned even .
I usually like the underdogs . "
He is also hoping to enlist rock ' n ' roll pioneer Chuck Berry .
" I 've never met the man but he was one of my heroes as a lyricist , " he said .
We 'll see how it works out - a mixture of Snow Patrol and Chuck Berry .
It should be an interesting record . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Widow switches off ALL power in her home in protest at ' crazy ' energy bills
Cold comfort : Anne Myall refuses to use electricity in her home after receiving a string of massive bills she claims to be incorrect
It 's a drastic step taken as a protest to highlight the drastic rise in the cost of her energy bills .
Furious pensioner Anne Myall has turned off all the power in her flat and is living by candlelight .
Hit by a series of expensive fuel bills the 72 - year - old no longer spends her evenings watching television in front of a warm fire , instead the grandmother listens to a battery - powered radio wrapped in a blanket .
Mrs Myall has also dispensed with hot water and all her hot food comes from a local takeaway restaurant .
For lunch the pensioner has been tucking into pre-cooked supermarket chicken and plenty of cold salads and both her laptop computer and mobile phone are useless because she is unable to recharge them .
She has spent more than a fortnight living a life more akin to the Victoria age after Npower sent her a series of large fuel bills .
Mrs Myall , a widow who has lived alone since the death of her husband eight years ago , said : ' They have been bullying me and browbeating me for three years with silly , inaccurate bills upwards of £ 700 a quarter .
' I only have a one - bedroom flat and I 'm very economical .
It 's just crazy , my electricity bill should be about £ 18 a quarter . '
She moved into the flat in Pocklington , North Yorkshire , three years ago and claims she was immediately hit by a bill .
Mrs Myall , a retired journalist , said : ' I received a demand for £ 53 just days after arriving .
I have tried many times to contact Npower with no success .
I even got one bill for £ 758 .
' I'm often away in the winter and I never turn my heating on so I feel that they have just been using guesswork based around an incorrect meter reading they took when I moved in .'
The final straw came when Npower staff replaced her old meter system with a pre-payment system while she was abroad .
Unhappy that the work was undertaken without her knowledge , she felt the new meter used more energy than the old system and decided to pull the plug .
Protest :
The widow has resorted to living without modern comforts in her one - bed home
She said : ' It 's amazing how one can manage , I can't believe how well I feel for doing this .
The biggest loss is being able to eat fresh vegetables because I love them but I 'm getting by with eating salad .
' I love reading so I 'm not really missing the TV , although I do miss my hot water bottle and I 'm now looking for a gas camping stove .
I 've not been able to run my computer or recharge my mobile phone either . '
She added : ' This is really a protest against the energy company and the Government 's lack of will to do anything about it .
' How Npower works out how much they charge I do not know .
They can please themselves and have us over a barrel .
' If everybody switched their meter off for a week just to see what it 's like , it would send a message to these companies that they 're not untouchable . '
Npower claim Mrs Myall has an outstanding bill of £ 225 but have now agreed to clear the debt after hearing of her protest .
A spokesman said : ' We will be clearing her debt as a goodwill gesture as we do not wish to see her struggle .
' However it is vital for customers who feel they are struggling with their payments to contact their energy supplier as help is available . '
The Beast Is Down !!!!
March 23rd 2007
2000 lb bison shot with the Quackenbush LA .457 Safari gun
movie
The Story
You know , before I go into the hunt , I would like to share with you a few things that has crossed my mind here lately .
For some reason , as I get older my own mortality comes to mind .
In the beginning , I would think of being put in this pine box and laid down in this deep dark hole and the sound of dirt being thrown on me .
( that always scared me the most , being in the dark alone forever )
Then , one day it came to me .
That I would not be down in that hole , that I would be in spirit with all the memories of my life .
Some say that when you pass on , that your life flashes before your eyes .
Kinda like a snap shot of things that have happened to you throughout your life and maybe , those are the memories that you take with you ( hey , who knows ) .
Well , a few of the memories that I would love to take with me would be ( just a few ) watching my little girl open her eyes to the world for the first time and smile .
Next , watching and hearing my best friend tell me that he loved me said “ good bye my friend ” as he takes his last breath .
Another one would be talking to Dennis Quackenbush at the airgun show in Virginia when he told me “ I build my guns for people to shoot , To go hunting with and just have fun and who knows , hopefully make a few good memories , so Stephan , get out there and make a few ” .
For Dennis , saying that , was not a big event .
In fact , right after that someone else got his ear and he was off doing whatever a master airgun maker does at an airgun show .
But it hit me like a lightning bolt !
I said to myself “ Just what if I can make so many good memories ( big and small ) that whenever I leave this earth I ’m bound to take a few good ones with me ” .
And that ’s how it started .
On Eric Henderson ’s table was one of the tools I needed to make a huge memory .( but as you know , sometimes memories do n’t come cheap ) I had to dig deep down in the pocket to get this gun ( the Quackenbush / Big Bore Bob 457 Safari gun ) I ’m talking all the way down to the lint of the pocket .
Like Dennis said “ It ’s not the gun .
It ’s what you do with it that counts ” .
This gun has already made a few memories for Eric , and I wanted it to make a few for me too .
Ok , Ok , enough about that .
Time to get out of my head and get on with the task at hand , telling you guys what happen in the big state of TEXAS !.
I knew it was going to be a fun time when Eric Henderson picked me up from the airport .
He told me to open the back door of the ( BIG BORE AIRGUN ADVENTURE ) truck and for some reason I did n’t hear him .
I was doing something to my gun case or something and did n’t hear him .
He came around and opened the door and all of the bullets came out all over the ground .
( people were looking at us like we were crazy )
As we picked up the bullets , I said “ I ’m glad I did n’t open the door , you would have talked about me all the way to the ranch .
After picking up all the ammo , we got in the truck and headed down to the ranch .
It took about 6 hours but we had fun the whole way .
90 % of the time , we talked about ( what else ) airguns and the hunts we done .
By nightfall , we had made it to Kerrville and right out side of the hotel about 50 to 70 yards from our room door were about 20 deer ( white tails ) were running around eating and having a good ole time .
We watched them for about 15 mins ( Eric took a few camera shots and then we called it a night )
The next morning , we went and got my 5 day hunting license from Walmart , and off we went to the ranch ( about 20 miles away )
The ranch was really nice with about a half a mile long winding gravel road that lead up to this big white house and one other smaller house .
Our guide Gary was there waiting for us .
As soon as we pulled up he came over and said “ Welcome to the ranch ” and shook our hands and said you can change in there ( pointing to the smaller house ) the house was nice inside .
We changed and got in the white truck and we were off to hunt Buffalo .
Man , at this point I was so nervous .
There was a lot of brush and small trees .
We went right through the brush and over hills and rocks .
We did this for about and hour .
Then all of a sudden the truck stopped .
The guide ( Gary ) got out of the truck and said “ I thought I saw your buffalo in here ( pointing to a clump of trees and brush ) I said to myself “ There ’s no way he ’s in there .
Then all of a sudden Gary came running back to the truck and closed the door and started looking over to the right and I kinda followed his eyes and about 10 seconds later I saw this giant buffalo come out of no where .
( have you ever seen that cartoon where the hunter points his gun at the really big elephant and all of a sudden his gun goes limp ?
That ’s how I felt at that moment ) after getting over the shock of how big he was I could n’t get over how quite he was walking along and him taking off with his buddy ( another big buffalo ) .
By now , my heart was beating out of my chest and to be honest I wanted to back out of the deal saying to myself “ There is no way the this slug ( looking at the slug ) is going to take down the beast I just seen ” .
I looked up , and Eric was looking at me and said “ Are you ok ? ” sensing what I was thinking , he said “ You can do this ” Then Gary said “ You better be on target with your shots or run faster than me or Eric ” we all kinda laughed to shake off being so nervous .
I took a few deep breaths , put a 510 grain slug in the 457 and said “ let ’s go hunting ” .
All of my senses were on overdrive .
I heard everything ( clear too ) I saw everything the same way .
I think the buffalo knew they were being hunted because they were out of site a few times ( and that really made me nervous because I thought they may lay in ambush in the tall brush .
A few times I got within range but each time I did n’t have a clear shot .
We must have hunted him for about an hour even one time having him in me cross hairs but , there were trees in the way and when I tried to move to get a better shot they would thunder off .
After playing this cat and mouse game a few times .
The buffalo came to this small clearing .
Gary said “ Ok Stephan , here ’s your chance , now put a bullet right where I told you ” Eric said “ Remember in the crease , if you find yourself shaking , stop and count to 10 and start over he ’s 53 yards out now , put a slug in him and make history ” .
I looked back at the buffalo and for some reason I was calm I had tunnel vision but that was it .
I leaned next to this tree , made sure that the bolt was down , pulled back and cocked the rifle , I brought the rifle to my shoulder and put the cross hairs right it ’s shoulder right by the crease and pulled the trigger … BOOM !!
The buffalo jumped a little and then moved to the side .
Gary and Eric at the same time said “ hit him again ! ” with that , I loaded another slug , cocked the rifle and put him in my cross hairs .
He ’s now quartering away from me so I put the cross hairs right in the crease and pulled the trigger ..
BOOM ! ( with each shot , you could hear the bullet hit and hit hard ) with that shot , he jumped up and went down on that right leg .
Then he stood up and became stiff legged .
Gary and Eric said “ Nice shot , both of those were right on top of each other ” .
We kept looking at the buffalo and Gary said “ This is normal , A lot of times I have had them stand like that for 20 - 30 mins before they go down ”
After about 15 min the buffalo fell .
I did n’t know how big he was until I got up there on him .
After all the high fives and hand shakes .
I thought back and smiled to myself hoping that this will be one of the memories that I take with me when I leave this earth .
Until next time , keep your tank filled and a pellet loaded !
1:25 PM Eastern Time , today , in Scranton , Pennsylvania .
During the warm - up act by a Red Meat Congressional Candidate aptly named Chris Hackett , Hackett mentions Obama and a Palin audience member shouts “ Kill Him . ”
And Gov. Palin , as usual , does nothing about it says nothing to these thugs and psychos .
She may not have heard this one .
It is impossible to believe that by now she has not heard about the other ones .
Her silence is deafening .
Just as , Sen. McCain , you have done nothing when violence has been asserted .
Correction .
You have done one thing .
Asked why in real time you do not repudiate this hatefulness you act as if you are the victim .
Speaking today to our NBC Station in Washington .
Readers , meet X. X is a class I wrote in Python as an alternative to using lambda .
It has two main features :
It acts as an identity function ( so X ( 3 ) == 3 , etc. )
When performing operations on it , it returns a new class that acts as a corresponding function .
Let me explain .
Doing X+2 will return a new class that whenever called with an argument , will return that argument added with 2 .
So :
>>> map ( X+2 , [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] )
[ 3 , 4 , 5 ]
>>> filter ( X>0 , [ 5 , - 3 , 2 , - 1 , 0 , 13 ] )
[ 5 , 2 , 13 ]
>>> l = [ " oh " , " brave " , " new " , " world " ]
>>> sorted ( l , key=X [ - 1 ] )
[ ' world ' , ' brave ' , ' oh ' , ' new ' ]
These operations can be chained :
>>> map ( 2**( X+1 ) , range ( 10 ) )
[ 2 , 4 , 8 , 16 , 32 , 64 , 128 , 256 , 512 , 1024 ]
>>> map ( " P " + X [ 3 : ] * 2 + " ! " , [ " Hello " , " Suzzy " ] )
[' Plolo ! ' , ' Pzyzy ! ' ]
Caveats
X has a few limitations .
Using X twice in the same expression probably wo n’t work ( this can be solved )
Since calling X evaluates it , it ca n’t emulate method calls .
For that you have to do use call , like : X.upper.call( ) ( ‘ hello ’ ) –> ‘ HELLO ’.
Not all operations can be “ captured ” .
For example , the “ in ” operator .
For that you have to use X.in_ ( … ) , like : X.in_ ( range ( 10 ) ) ( 5 ) –>
True
Not all attributes will be accessible
More problems ?
Likely .
Conclusion
While not innovative nor a complete solution , I believe X can be a useful replacement for some uses of anonymous functions , providing a shorter and simpler syntax which is easier to read and understand .
It is provided here in full , in hope that it will be useful to my readers ( Improvements and fixes are welcome ) :
class _X ( object ) : def __init__ ( self , func ) : self.__func = func def __call__( self , arg ) : return self.__func( arg ) def __getattr__ ( self , attr ) : return _X ( lambda x : getattr ( self ( x ) , attr ) ) def call ( self , * args , ** kwargs ) : return _X ( lambda x : self ( x ) ( * args , ** kwargs ) ) # Containers def __getitem__( self , other ) : return _X ( lambda x : self ( x ) [ other ] ) def __getslice__( self , a , b=None , c=None ) : return _X ( lambda x : self ( x ) [ a : b: c ] ) def in_( self , other ) : return _X ( lambda x : self ( x ) in other ) # Arith def __add__ ( self , other ) : return _X ( lambda x : self ( x ) + other ) def __sub__ ( self , other ) : return _X ( lambda x : self ( x ) - other ) def __mul__ ( self , other ) : return _X ( lambda x : self ( x ) * other ) def __div__ ( self , other ) : return _X ( lambda x : self ( x ) / other ) def __floordiv__ ( self , other ) : return _X ( lambda x : self ( x ) // other ) def __mod__ ( self , other ) : return _X ( lambda x : self ( x ) % other ) def __pow__ ( self , other ) : return _X ( lambda x : self ( x ) ** other ) def __radd__ ( self , other ) : return _X ( lambda x : other + self ( x ) ) def __rsub__ ( self , other ) : return _X ( lambda x : other - self ( x ) ) def __rmul__ ( self , other ) : return _X ( lambda x : other * self ( x ) ) def __rdiv__ ( self , other ) : return _X ( lambda x : other / self ( x ) ) def __rfloordiv__ ( self , other ) : return _X ( lambda x : other // self ( x ) ) def __rmod__ ( self , other ) : return _X ( lambda x : other % self ( x ) ) def __rpow__ ( self , other ) : return _X ( lambda x : other ** self ( x ) ) # bitwise def __and__ ( self , other ) : return _X ( lambda x : self ( x ) & other ) def __or__ ( self , other ) : return _X ( lambda x : self ( x ) | other ) def __xor__ ( self , other ) : return _X ( lambda x : self ( x ) ^ other ) def __rand__ ( self , other ) : return _X ( lambda x : other & self ( x ) ) def __ror__ ( self , other ) : return _X ( lambda x : other | self ( x ) ) def __rxor__ ( self , other ) : return _X ( lambda x : other ^ self ( x ) ) def __rshift__ ( self , other ) : return _X ( lambda x : self ( x ) >> other ) def __lshift__ ( self , other ) : return _X ( lambda x : self ( x ) << other ) # Comparison def __lt__( self , other ) : return _X ( lambda x : self ( x ) < other ) def __le__(self , other ) : return _X ( lambda x : self ( x ) <= other ) def __eq__ ( self , other ) : return _X ( lambda x : self ( x ) == other ) def __ne__ ( self , other ) : return _X ( lambda x : self ( x ) != other ) def __ge__ ( self , other ) : return _X ( lambda x : self ( x ) >= other ) def __gt__ ( self , other ) : return _X ( lambda x : self ( x ) > other ) def __abs__( self ) : return _X ( lambda x : abs ( self ( x ) ) ) X = _X ( lambda x:x )
Put it in x.py and import as :
from x import X
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Walter Waters helped lead the Bonus Army as its members expanded from camps in a row of condemned buildings in downtown Washington into a well - organized , well - run shantytown ( top ) just across the Anacostia River from Capitol Hill .
They used the camps as a base for a series of peaceful , patriotic demonstrations below demanding their promised payments .
( National Archives )
Army Chief of Staff and Major General Douglas MacArthur watched a brigade of steel - helmeted soldiers precisely align themselves in a straight four - column phalanx , bayonets affixed to rifles .
He nodded his head in satisfaction .
Discipline was wonderful .
Up ahead , Major George Patton kicked his heels against his mount , and the big horse reared forward to signal a line of cavalry .
The riders drew their sabers , and the animals stepped out in unison , hoofs smacking loudly on the street .
Five Renault tanks lurched behind .
Seven - ton relics from World War I and presumably just for show , the old machines nonetheless left little doubt as to the seriousness of the moment .
On cue , at about 4:30 p.m. on July 28 , 1932 , the infantry began a slow , steady march forward .
Completing the surreal atmosphere , a machine gun unit unlimbered , and its crew busily set up .
This was no parade , although hundreds of curious office workers had interrupted their daily routines to crowd the sidewalk or hang out of windows along Pennsylvania Avenue between the White House and the Capitol to see what would happen .
Up ahead , a group of weary civilians , many dressed in rags and ill - fitting , faded uniforms , waited in anticipation amid their sorry camp of tents and structures made from clapboard and sheets of tin covered in tar paper .
Some loitered in the street .
They had heard something was afoot — expected it after what happened earlier .
Now , a murmur rose from the camp crowd .
Upon seeing the Army ’s menacing approach , they were momentarily stunned , disbelieving .
Recovering their senses , a few of the men cursed and sent bottles and bricks flying toward the troops — ineffective weapons against so formidable a force .
The missiles shattered on impact on the hard pavement or bounced off the flanks of horses and soldiers .
Undaunted , the roughly 600 troops maintained their discipline with tight - lipped determination .
The extra training MacArthur had recently ordered was paying off .
Some of the camp inhabitants had already begun running from the oncoming soldiery , but angry packs held their ground , defiantly wielding clubs and iron bars , yelling profanities .
An officer signaled , and the infantry halted to don masks and toss gas grenades .
Forming into two assault waves , they continued their push .
Clouds of stinging , gray fumes wafted through the air , forcing most of the remaining unarmed veterans to flee in panic .
One particularly pesky truckload continued to throw debris , prompting a quick response from Patton : ‘ Two of us charged at a gallop and [ striking with the flat of our swords ] had some nice work at close range with the occupants of the truck , most of whom could not sit down for some days . ’
As cavalry dispersed a group of outnumbered veterans waving a U.S. flag , a shocked bystander , his face streaked with tears from the gas , accosted MacArthur as he rode along in a staff car .
‘ The American flag means nothing to me after this , ’ the man yelled .
The general quieted him with a stern rebuke , ‘ Put that man under arrest if he opens his mouth again . ’
The energetic officer was in his element .
One reporter observed , ‘ General MacArthur , his chest glittering with medals , strode up and down Pennsylvania Avenue , flipping a riding crop against his neatly pressed breeches . ’
Following what the D.C. police commissioners had labeled a’serious riot ’ by the Bonus Army , a beribboned Maj. Gen. Douglas MacArthur was charged with using U.S. troops , aided by machine gun–laden trucks , to clear the demonstrators from the center of the city .
( National Archives )
MacArthur could not help being euphoric .
If the tactics were not textbook , the results were everything he hoped for — a complete rout .
The troops had exercised perfect restraint in completely clearing the downtown area without firing a shot .
Within hours it was all over .
Troopers set the abandoned camp ablaze as the former inhabitants retreated , demoralized and beaten , across the Third Street bridge .
MacArthur called a halt to allow his troops to rest and eat while he considered his next move .
As many as 20,000 former soldiers and their families had converged on Washington in the summer of 1932 , the height of the Great Depression , to support Texas Congressman Wright Patman ’s bill to advance the bonus payment promised to World War I veterans .
Congress had authorized the plan in 1924 , intending to compensate the veterans for wages lost while serving in the military during the war .
But payment was to be deferred until 1945 .
Just one year earlier , in 1931 , Congress overrode a presidential veto on a bill to provide , as loans , half the amount due to the men .
When the nation ’s economy worsened , the half - bonus loans were not enough , and the unemployed veterans now sought the balance in cash .
Known as Bonus Marchers , they came in desperation from all across the nation , hopping freight trains , driving dilapidated jalopies or hitchhiking , intent on pressuring Congress to pass the legislation .
The administration vehemently opposed the measure , believing it inflationary and impractical given the $ 2 billion annual budget deficit .
At first the march was a trickle , led by Walter Waters , a 34 - year - old former sergeant from Portland , Ore .
It soon became a tidal wave , drawing national press attention .
The first contingent reached the nation ’s capital in May 1932 .
They occupied parks and a row of condemned buildings along Pennsylvania Avenue , between the White House and the Capitol .
When new arrivals overflowed that site , they erected a shantytown on the flood plain of the Anacostia River , southeast of Capitol Hill .
Theirs was a miserable lot , alleviated somewhat by the beneficence of the city ’s superintendent of police , Pelham Glassford , himself a war veteran .
Glassford pitied the beleaguered itinerants and solicited private aid to secure medical assistance , clothing , food and supplies .
During a May 26 veterans meeting , Glassford suggested they officially call themselves the Bonus Expeditionary Force .
Adopting the name — which was commonly shortened to Bonus Army — they asked him , and he agreed , to serve as secretary - treasurer of the group .
Working together , Waters and Glassford managed to maintain enough discipline and order in the ranks to ward off eviction .
Glassford likely hoped that the horde would eventually lose interest and return home , but Waters had other ideas .
‘ We ’ll stay here until the bonus bill is passed , ’ Waters told anyone who would listen , ’ till 1945 , if necessary . ’
He staged daily demonstrations before the Capitol and led peaceful marches past the White House .
President Herbert Hoover refused to give him an audience .
In June the House of Representatives narrowly passed the Patman bill , but the Senate defeated the measure with a lopsided vote of 62 to 18 .
Congress was scheduled to adjourn in mid-July , and about one - quarter of the veterans accepted the government ’s offer of free transportation home .
Hoover had apparently won .
Perhaps now he could concentrate on an economic recovery plan and the upcoming reelection campaign .
But many of the marchers felt betrayed and disillusioned .
With nowhere else to go , they decided to stay .
Ominously , their disappointment festered in Washington ’s muggy summer heat .
To complicate matters , at this point the American Communist Party saw an opportunity to cause trouble , and sent forth John Pace as the catalyst with instructions to incite riot .
The degree of his success is uncertain and will be forever a matter of debate , but his presence alarmed the Washington power structure .
Historian Kenneth S. Davis theorizes that Pace may have had a hand in escalating the tensions , goading the angry veterans to become more aggressive .
A more plausible explanation for rising tension may simply be that frustrations finally reached a boiling point .
In any case , Secretary of War Patrick Hurley had had enough .
On July 28 he ordered Glassford to immediately evacuate the occupied buildings , which were scheduled for demolition to make way for new government offices .
The veterans stubbornly refused to budge .
For whatever reason , Glassford and his police officers became the target of bricks and stones , and one officer suffered a fractured skull .
As the melee got out of hand , an angry veteran , apparently feeling that Glassford had betrayed the Bonus Marchers , tore off the chief ’s gold police badge .
Fearing for their safety , police opened fire , killing one veteran and mortally wounding another .
The officers retreated while Glassford sought the advice of his Board of Commissioners .
Quick to pass on the responsibility , and perhaps overreacting , the commissioners called the president to deploy the Army from nearby Fort Myer to restore order .
Describing the attack on police as a’serious riot , ’ the commissioners asserted , ‘ It will be impossible for the Police Department to maintain law and order except by the free use of firearms . ’
They went on to argue that only the presence of federal troops could resolve the crisis .
Hoover , upset by the continued presence of the Bonus Marchers , now had the excuse he was looking for to expel them from the capital .
He directed Secretary Hurley to unleash MacArthur , who received the following instruction : ‘ You will have United States troops proceed immediately to the scene of the disorder .
Surround the affected area and clear it without delay .
Any women and children should be accorded every consideration and kindness .
Use all humanity consistent with the execution of this order . ’
Not surprisingly , MacArthur now executed his orders in a manner seemingly designed to maximize media attention .
In a highly unusual but characteristic decision — one purportedly against the advice of his aide , 42 - year - old Major Dwight Eisenhower — he chose to oversee the operations in the field with the troops .
Military protocol called for a commanding officer to remain at headquarters .
This was especially true for MacArthur , whose post was administrative rather than operational .
So while he charged General Perry Miles with carrying out the eviction , MacArthur assumed the real responsibility .
Although no other situation offers an exact comparison , MacArthur ’s action was as if General Maxwell Taylor , the head of the Joint Chiefs of Staff in 1963 , had led National Guard troops to the University of Alabama to confront Alabama Governor George Wallace .
Having driven the veterans from the downtown area , MacArthur had fulfilled his mission .
But whether his blood was up , or he merely sensed a need to inflict a coup de grâce against the purported Communist element — an enemy he considered more insidious than disgruntled veterans — MacArthur did not rest on his laurels .
He ordered his troops to advance upon the 11th Street bridge leading to Anacostia Flats .
Someone , waving a white shirt as a flag of truce , came racing across to plea for time to evacuate the women and children .
MacArthur granted an hour ’s reprieve .
Though accounts differ , the president now seemed suddenly to exhibit an untimely case of nerves .
Fearing repercussions , he twice sent word that the Army was not to cross the bridge .
MacArthur refused to listen , saying he had n’t time to be bothered by people coming down and pretending to bring orders .
He sent the troops across against explicit instructions .
Using more gas , the soldiers moved into Bonus City .
Its occupants fled in terror , refugees rousted from their pitiful camp .
‘ One of the soldiers threw a bomb , ’ said one woman hiding in a nearby house with her family .
‘… [ W]e all began to cry .
We got wet towels and put them over the faces of the children .
About half an hour later my baby began to vomit .
I took her outside in the air and she vomited again .
Next day she began to turn black and blue and we took her to the hospital . ’
Either veterans or soldiers torched the entire area — no one knows for sure .
In the confusion , one baby was left behind , dead from gas inhalation .
Endeavoring to eliminate any doubt as to his motives , MacArthur next conducted an impromptu press conference — a job more appropriately left to civilian authorities .
The conference allowed the general to expound on the claim that Reds had concocted the riot , the president ’s safety was at stake , and the government was threatened with insurrection .
Describing the mob , MacArthur said : ‘ It was animated by the essence of revolution .
They had come to the conclusion , beyond a shadow of a doubt , that they were about to take over in some arbitrary way either the direct control of the government or else to control it by indirect methods .
It is my opinion that had the president let it go on another week the institutions of our government would have been very severely threatened . ’
It was a masterful performance .
In praising the president and war secretary , MacArthur nearly absolved himself of responsibility — perhaps a calculated move .
Hoover watched the red glow of the bonfire at Anacostia Flats from a White House window .
If he had second thoughts , he did n’t include them in his record of the event ; and in any case , it was too late .
MacArthur ’s boldness had boxed him into a corner .
The president ’s best option now was to vigorously support the general .
‘ A challenge to the authority of the United States Government has been met , swiftly and firmly , ’ Hoover said in a statement the next morning .
‘ The Department of Justice is pressing its investigation into the violence which forced the call of army detachments , and it is my sincere hope that those agitators may be brought speedily to trial in the civil courts . ’
Hysteria colored much of Washington ’s official view of the Bonus Army .
In defense of both men , MacArthur and Hoover seem to have genuinely believed that Communists controlled the organization , with Walter Waters merely serving as the Bonus Army ’s titular head .
Hoover believed that veterans made up no more than 50 percent of Bonus Army members , while MacArthur set an even lower number — 10 percent .
Waters said that was a ‘ damned lie . ’
While Communist operatives certainly tried to infiltrate the ranks of the Bonus Army and instigate trouble , evidence indicates they had little real influence .
The president and Army chief of staff ’s estimates were badly overstated .
A postevent study conducted by the Veterans Administration revealed that 94 percent of the marchers had Army or Navy service records .
Nevertheless , the Communist Party was happy to take credit for what was billed as an uprising .
After forcing the veterans out of Washington , MacArthur ’s troops crossed the 11th Street bridge and , using gas grenades and wielding bayonets , drove the marchers from their Anacostia camp .
( National Archives )
Events elsewhere help explain Hoover and MacArthur ’s state of mind .
Students loudly interrupted the general ’s commencement address at the University of Pittsburgh that summer as he spoke against demonstrators protesting the government .
More alarming , a union - inspired hunger march at a Detroit auto plant that spring had turned ugly .
Police killed four civilians while trying to maintain control , injuring 60 others .
Communist Party leaders retaliated , organizing a 6,000 - man funeral procession , waving red banners and marching in cadence to the party ’s anthem , the ‘ Internationale . ’
Fearing a similar or worse result in Washington , Hoover and MacArthur acted with dispatch when confronted by a large group of disgruntled citizens .
Throughout their lives , both officials clung stubbornly to the claim that subversive elements bent on destroying capitalism were behind the veterans .
Neither man ever accepted the Bonus Army as primarily a group of destitute , desperate , hungry men trying to support their families .
The day ’s toll was three dead , 54 injured and 135 arrests .
In the rush to point fingers , in addition to the Communist element , Congressman Patman and colleagues received their share of the blame .
The Chicago Tribune editorialized that responsibility for the incident ‘ lies chiefly at the door of men in public life who have encouraged the making of unreasonable demands by ex-service men and inflamed their mistaken sense of judgment . ’
But Alabama Senator and future Supreme Court Justice Hugo Black directed his venom at a different target .
The U.S. Army torched the camp to ensure that the marchers would not return .
What had once been an orderly if ramshackle camp was left a devastated smoldering ruin .
( National Archives )
Arguing that Hoover had overreacted to the situation , Black said , ‘ As one citizen , I want to make my public protest against this militaristic way of handling a condition which has been brought about by wide - spread unemployment and hunger . ’
The New York Times hinted that other senators felt the same .
Indeed , it was a common charge hurled by the opposition party during that fall ’s presidential election .
Senator Hiram Johnson , speaking in Chicago a few days before the presidential vote , dubbed the incident ‘ one of the blackest pages in our history . ’
Hoping to evoke feelings of sympathy and patriotism , he continued , noting that the displaced veterans had been hailed as heroes and saviors only a decade earlier :
‘ The president sent against these men , emaciated from hunger , scantily clad , unarmed , the troops of the United States army .
Tanks , tear - bombs , all of the weapons of modern warfare were directed against those who had borne the arms of the republic . ’
The public soon followed Black ’s lead .
Frustrated by Depression - era economics and in tune with Franklin D. Roosevelt ’s comparatively more aggressive assistance programs after he assumed the presidency , the public increasingly questioned the government ’s response to the plight of the Bonus Army .
Many came to see it as callous and heavy - handed .
Theater audiences reacted to Bonus Army newsreel footage with choruses of boos .
Ever conscious of his own place in history , MacArthur blinked .
At least publicly the general would voice a more sympathetic view of the marchers he once routed .
At first he had called them a ‘ bad mob , ’ but gradually time , or concern over public opinion , softened his expressed view .
In his memoirs , MacArthur took credit for supplying the marchers with tents and rolling kitchens , and declared them a ‘ vanguard of a starved band , ’ remembering the whole affair as a ‘ poignant episode . ’
If it was a purposeful attempt to improve his image , it failed .
His reputation has remained forever scarred .
MacArthur biographer William Manchester called his actions that day ‘ flagrantly insubordinate ’ and ‘ indefensible . ’
Another historian , echoing Manchester ’s sentiment , said the general acted ‘ with overzealous determination and reckless impulsiveness . ’
Likely influencing the judgment of historians was MacArthur ’s demonstrated knack for upsetting his supe - riors .
Twenty years after the Bonus Army incident , President Harry Truman would relieve the general of his Korean command for perceived insubordination .
In the end , the general ’s personality and ambition proved too great an obstacle for history to erase its view of his performance against the Bonus Army .
Along with MacArthur , two other soldiers who participated in the action would go on to write their names large in history — Eisenhower and Patton .
Eisenhower would eventually undergo an even more dramatic transformation than his boss in describing the affair .
Normally a frank diarist , Ike merely noted at the time that he ‘ took part in Bonus Incident of July 28 , ’ and went on to say , ‘ A lot of furor has been stirred up but mostly to make political capital . ’
By the time he published At Ease 30 years later , Ike portrayed himself as a frustrated hero of sorts , claiming that he tried to dissuade MacArthur from personally leading the charge .
He advised him that Communists held no sway over the marchers , and he reiterated the old claim that his boss ignored White House orders to halt operations .
Interestingly , Ike waited until after MacArthur ’s death in 1964 to present this version .
If it distorted history , MacArthur was not around to contest it .
It was a messy affair for everyone .
Patton , a man who revered duty , had mixed emotions , calling it a ‘ most distasteful form of service . ’
Within months he criticized the Army ’s tactics , believing they violated every precept of how to handle civil unrest .
Still , he commended both sides :
‘ It speaks volumes for the high character of the men that not a shot was fired .
In justice to the marchers , it should be pointed out that had they really wanted to start something , they had a great chance here , but refrained . ’
And while Patton was disgusted that ‘ Bolsheviks ’ were in the mix , he considered most of the Bonus Army ‘ poor , ignorant men , without hope , and without really evil intent . ’
To his dismay , the routed marchers included Joseph Angelo , who 14 years earlier had saved the wounded Patton ’s life by pulling him to safety from a foxhole .
The episode would dog President Hoover in his attempt to win a second term of office in the fall of 1932 .
Presidents had called out federal troops before to suppress civil unrest , but this was the first time they had moved against veterans .
It left a bad taste in the mouths of voters .
A letter to the Washington Daily News expressed the sentiments of many .
‘ I voted for Herbert Hoover in 1928 , ’ one disgusted woman wrote .
‘ God forgive me and keep me alive at least till the polls open next November ! ’
Hoover ’s Democratic challenger in that fall ’s presidential election , Franklin D. Roosevelt , understood the political significance of the president ’s use of force .
Like his opponent , the New York governor did not support payment of the bonus , but he found Hoover ’s tactics appalling .
‘ He should have invited a delegation into the White House for coffee and sandwiches , ’ Roosevelt told one aide as he perused the morning papers .
Already confident of success , Roosevelt now felt victory was certain .
This was a black eye no one could overcome .
Roosevelt won decisively , capturing 42 states with 472 electoral votes compared to just 59 for his Republican rival .
Hoover had no illusions , but he could not help but feel bitter .
Stopping just short of calling Roosevelt a liar , the former president later wrote of the campaign : ‘ This whole Democratic performance was far below the level of any previous campaign in modern times .
My defeat would no doubt have taken place anyway .
But it might have taken place without such defilement of American life . ’
The vision of Regular Army troops marching on veterans would provide propaganda for the Left for years to come .
Long before that , the remnants of the Bonus Army drifted home , stopping for a brief period in Johnson , Pa. , until that community too urged them on .
The government buried the two Bonus Army veterans slain by police at Arlington National Cemetery with full military honors .
One year later , another contingent of veterans came to Washington to press the issue of the bonus payment .
The new president was no more receptive than the last , but instead of the Army he sent his wife , Eleanor , to speak with the former servicemen .
More important , he created the Civilian Conservation Corps , which offered the men employment .
And three years later , Congress passed legislation over FDR ’s veto to complete the bonus payment , resolving one of the more disturbing issues in American politics .
This article was written by Wyatt Kingseed and originally published in June 2004 issue of American History Magazine .
For more great articles , subscribe to American History magazine today !
The pygmy tarsier , a primate that has not been seen alive since 1921 and was thought extinct , has been rediscovered in Indonesia ( Image : Sharon Gursky - Doyen / Texas A and M University )
On a misty mountaintop on the Indonesian island of Sulawesi , scientists have observed a living pygmy tarsier – one of the planet ’s smallest and rarest primates – for the first time in more than 80 years .
Over a two - month period , the scientists used nets to trap three furry , mouse - sized pygmy tarsiers – two males and one female – on Mount Rore Katimbo in Lore Lindu National Park .
They spotted a fourth one that got away .
The tarsiers , which some scientists believed were extinct , may not have been overly thrilled to be found .
One of them bit Sharon Gursky - Doyen , from Texas A&M University , who took part in the expedition .
Advertisement
“ I ’m the only person in the world to ever be bitten by a pygmy tarsier , ” says Gursky - Doyen .
“ My assistant was trying to hold him still while I was attaching a radio collar around his neck , ” she says .
“ It ’s very hard to hold them because they can turn their heads around 180° .
As I was trying to close the radio collar , he turned his head and nipped my finger . ”
The collars were being attached so the tarsiers ’ movements could be tracked through their remote habitat .
Clawed primate
Tarsiers are primates – the mammalian group that includes lemurs , monkeys , apes and people .
The handful of tarsier species live on various Asian islands .
As their name indicates , pygmy tarsiers are small – weighing about 2 ounces ( 50 grams ) .
They have large eyes and large ears , and they have been described as looking a bit like one of the creatures in the 1984 movie Gremlins .
They are nocturnal insectivores and are unusual among primates in that they have claws rather than finger nails .
Pygmy tarsiers had not been seen alive by scientists since 1921 .
In 2000 , Indonesian scientists who were trapping rats in the Sulawesi highlands accidentally trapped and killed a pygmy tarsier .
“ Until that time , everyone really did n’t believe that they existed , because people had been going out looking for them for decades and nobody had seen them or heard them , ” says Gursky - Doyen .
Her group observed the first live pygmy tarsier in August at an elevation of about 6900 feet ( 2103 metres ) .
“ Everything was covered in moss and the clouds are right at the top of that mountain .
It ’s always very , very foggy ; very , very dense .
It ’s cold up there , ” says Gursky - Doyen .
“ When you ’re 1° from the equator , you expect to be hot .
You do n’t expect to be shivering most of the time .
That ’s what we were doing . ”
WASHINGTON 
An effort by the New York Police Department to get broader latitude to eavesdrop on terrorism suspects has run into sharp resistance from the Justice Department in a bitter struggle that has left the police commissioner and the attorney general accusing each other of putting the public at risk .
The Police Department , with the largest municipal counterterrorism operation in the country , wants the Justice Department and the Federal Bureau of Investigation to loosen their approach to the federal law that governs electronic surveillance .
But federal officials have refused to relax the standards , and have said requests submitted by the department could actually jeopardize surveillance efforts by casting doubt on their legality .
Under the law , the government must in most cases obtain a warrant from the special Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court before it can begin electronic monitoring of people suspected of spying or terrorism .
The requests are subjected to sharp scrutiny , first by lawyers at the F.B.I. , then by lawyers at the Justice Department , and finally by the court itself .
New York ’s department , as a local police force , cannot apply directly , but must seek warrants through the F.B.I. and the Justice Department .
The police want those agencies to expedite their requests , and say that the federal agencies unfairly blocked the city ’s applications for surveillance warrants , first in June and then in September .
The disagreement , in which the Bush Justice Department has taken a more cautious approach than police officials , is something of an unexpected twist for an administration that has more often seemed willing to stretch legal boundaries to fight terrorism .
Updated | Democrats who monitor advertising spending now put at five the number of states where Senator John McCain is reducing his advertising – New Hampshire , Wisconsin , Colorado , Maine and Minnesota .
In essence , Mr. McCain ’s campaign has decided to spread the advertising time he bought for the upcoming week in those states over the next two final weeks .
While station managers in the affected states said they were not ruling out the possibility that Mr. McCain would pump money back in before election day , on Nov. 4 , the move represents a stark reordering of priorities .
Democrats were predicting Mr. McCain would use the savings to increase his advertising in Pennsylvania and , possibly , Ohio and Florida , all of which have become that much more vital should Mr. McCain have to concede states like Colorado and Wisconsin .
By our very rough reckoning , based on what he spent in those states last week according to advertising monitoring firm CMAG , the move should free up an additional $ 2 million that Mr. McCain can now spend in Pennsylvania , or wherever else .
But the McCain campaign also needs the extra money to keep up with its current plans , due to a quiet decision it has made that most voters will hardly notice .
Until now , the campaign has been teaming up with the Republican National Committee to jointly produce a large percentage of its advertisements .
By sharing the costs down the middle , Team McCain has been able to basically double the amount of advertisements it can run for its money .
This is all legal : campaigns are allowed to split the costs of their ads with their affiliated parties .
But there ’s a catch :
The spots must serve not only their campaigns but also the collective agendas of their congressional colleagues .
Such advertisements – known in the political business as “ hybrids ” – tend to garble a presidential candidate ’s message .
So , for instance , a spot attacking Mr. Obama also has included references to “ liberals in Congress ’ ’ and figures like Senator Harry Reid of Nevada , the Senate majority leader , who is not as well known to everyday voters .
The campaign has started to phase out those ads in these final days , deciding to stick to advertisements it can devote fully to Mr. McCain ’s campaign message .
That will greatly disadvantage Mr. McCain as he struggles to keep up with the far better funded Mr. Obama .
But Mr. McCain ’s aides have clearly decided a trade of volume for greater clarity is worth it .
Updated , 12:15 a.m. |
The commercial chess pieces are apparently already on the move .
Democratic officials monitoring advertising report that Mr. McCain is now making plans to start advertising in Miami and in Indiana .
Mr. Obama has spent $ 6.4 million in Miami since the general election period unofficially began and Mr. McCain and the RNC have combined to spend just $ 114,752 there during the same period , according to CMAG .
Mr. Obama has spent $ 7.8 million to advertise to Indiana voters , according to CMAG ; the Republican National Committee has spent $ 1.2 million to do so there .
The CMAG data base does not show any advertising in the state — or , given that Chicago stations reach Indiana , into the state — by Mr. McCain before now .
No word back from Mr. McCain ’s campaign yet .
Favorite Answer
For all those that have been rude to this poor lady I apologize for your discourteous behaviors , it is morally wrong to do so .
These are the facts as we see them :
My low income family ,
my house is a mess , dilapidated perhaps
there is mold here ,
they never fix anything .
she speaks of the renters rebate for example .
she speaks of not receiving back her damage deposit
Solution One : Solution County Health Department Should be notified .
Mold causes much problem .
May lead to respiratory infections , may even lead to death .
Violations of this order are serious violations that any decent property owner must abide by .
Such a case will lead to the prevailing party being justified .
Solution 2 .
Most states have laws against such recklessness by landlords .
Tenants have rights .
Seek legal aid services .
You may be able to get back part of rent .
Take pictures .
Proof in court .
Many pictures which relate to issues you speak of .
Pictures speak volumes .
I saw a case on people 's court once and the outcome was not pretty for the landlords .
Solution Three .
if you suspect tax avoidance you should contact IRS at 1800 - 829-1040 and see the link below .
They will much better advise you on the matter .
Do you have proof of rents paid , etc .
Money orders , etc .
I filled out a Schedule E this morning for an Oregon Client , Supplemental Income and Loss .
Form 1040 Shc. E. Page 1 Line 3 . Rents Received .
When you rent apartments you claim such income on this schedule .
Were rents claimed does she have proof of payments .
If so IRS will investigate .
If it has been 4 years and she can prove such , they may very well have a case of tax evasion .
4 years shows this :
There is a pattern , it is intent .
Will they pursue , if proven , most likely .
If not the State may very well do so as they do in many cases .
You can not tell what the IRS will do and anyone 's guess is good ; however if they indict they will convict .
Their conviction rate is over 90 % .
If I were to work for Revenue I would indict if I could show a pattern of expansion of over 3 years .
It does show intent .
Tax evasion is complicated .
It is not just cut and dry as most would think .
There must be intent , there must be a pattern .
If this can be proved , it is very likely they will pursue to district court .
As I said if so , the penalties are severe with the Federal Mandatory minimums .
Conviction in such cases , in 99 % of them means one thing .
Period , jail time .
There is little leeway for Federal Departure of the Federal Sentencing Guidelines .
There must be good reasons .
Having studied law I have seen few I have seen and heard of many Federal Judges that have stated one thing .
I wish I could do more but our hands are tied with these guidelines .
During PSI ( Pre- Sentence Investigation ) they will determine if downward departure of the guidelines are warranted .
The scenarios are many but if she has proof the IRS will pursue .
To a conviction it may not be so and then it may be so but I would not want to be in their shoes if this was the case and they decide to .
Again Federal Conviction rate is above 90 % .
Aka you have a greater than 95 % chance of facing federal time if they file charges .
Just ask all those people in the FCI 's .
they will tell you .
The IRS is its own animal but again , the State is another matter .
In many cases the state will not have as much to prove so if there is evidence chances are good , you 're F____ .
All solutions are warranted for someone who treats people as this landlord seems to be .
Just remember people , it is good that some do pursue and follow - up .
It could be you or I that it would next happen to in some instances .
I would again , seek advice from Revenue and legal aid you feel compelled to do so .
I will not say to do so as all situations are different .
Have a great day and I apologize for the rudeness of some .
Wayne Barney
President
BC Business Services , Inc .
There were as many Republican prejudices as candidates .
In primary season , the whispered antipathy among some conservative evangelicals toward Mormons grew so loud that Mitt Romney felt compelled to give a speech defending his faith ( but was so fearful of inciting further wrath that he said the word Mormon only once ) .
The conservative gatekeeper Michael Medved spotlighted another whisper campaign in May , writing that the popular moderate Florida G.O.P. governor Charlie Crist had been “ single since his divorce in 1980 ( after a marriage that lasted only a year ) ” and was the subject of “ nasty rumors of possible gay activity . ”
Crist announced his engagement to a woman weeks later , but by then he was no longer a serious contender for the ticket .
John McCain also might have held Florida had he prevailed with his first choice of a running mate , the pro-abortion - rights Joe Lieberman , but G.O.P. ayatollahs scuttled both him and the abortion moderate Tom Ridge , who might have helped win Pennsylvania .
Not that McCain was innocent in these exclusionary escapades .
He strenuously sought the endorsement of the Rev. John Hagee , even though Hagee had blamed gays for Hurricane Katrina , referred to the Roman Catholic Church as “ the great whore , ” and theorized that Hitler came about because God ’s “ top priority for the Jewish people is to get them to come back to the land of Israel . ”
The icing on this rancid cake was the race - baiting of Obama and the immigrant bashing by G.O.P. hopefuls who tried to outdo the nativist fringe candidate Tom Tancredo .
Yet Republican denial is unabated .
In an interview with Palin the weekend before the election , a conservative Wall Street Journal editorialist asked whether “ the G.O.P. does n’t in fact have a perception problem , that it is no longer viewed as a big tent . ”
A perception problem ?
Hello  how about a reality problem ?
Image Frank Rich Credit ...
Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
Yet the G.O.P. really does believe that it ’s all about perception .
That ’s why its 2000 convention offered a stage full of break dancers and gospel singers , wildly outnumbering the black delegates in the audience .
Bush and Karl Rove regarded diversity as a public - relations issue to be finessed with marketing .
Round up some black extras !
Sell “ compassionate conservatism ” by posing Bush incessantly with black schoolchildren !
Problem solved !
The 2004 Bush - Cheney campaign Web site even boasted a “ Compassion ” archive of photos of Bush with black folk , including Colin Powell .
McCain used the same playbook this year , when he headed south to emote over Katrina victims and stock his own Web site with pictures depicting his adventures in black America .
He had been a no - show in New Orleans during the six months after the hurricane hit , when his presence might have made a difference .
In defeat , the party ’s thinking remains unchanged .
Its leaders once again believe they can bamboozle the public into thinking they ’re the “ party of Lincoln ” by pushing forward a few minority front men or women .
The reason why they are promoting Palin and the recently elected Indian - American governor of Louisiana , Bobby Jindal , as the party ’s “ future ” is not just that they are hard - line social conservatives ; they are also the only prominent Republican officeholders under 50 who are not white men .
The G.O.P. will have to dip down to a former one - term lieutenant governor of Maryland , Michael Steele , to put a black public face on its national committee .
General Motors World Headquarters is seen along the Detroit River in Detroit , Michigan , September 17 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Rebecca Cook
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
The board of directors of embattled U.S. automaker General Motors Corp is considering “ all options ” including bankruptcy , according to a report on the Wall Street Journal ’s website late on Friday .
The paper , citing people familiar with the board ’s thinking , said the stance puts it in conflict with chief executive Rick Wagoner , who told lawmakers this week bankruptcy is not a viable alternative for the company .
GM , in a statement to the newspaper , said the board has discussed bankruptcy , but said the board did not view it as a “ viable solution to the company ’s liquidity problems . ”
A GM spokesman told the paper that management is doing everything it can to avoid a bankruptcy filing .
The company ’s board has been convening by phone each Friday to discuss GM ’s liquidity situation , according to the paper .
Wagoner , along with chief executives from Ford Motor Co , and Chrysler LLC , this week went to Capitol Hill to plea for $ 25 billion in aid from U.S. lawmakers .
On Thursday , Democratic lawmakers demanded that executives provide them with a plan of action in exchange for supporting any bailout .
High pressure will begin to gain strength over much of the West Coast after today and that means it will be a hot start to October .
Triple digits …
Have you noticed how all these right - wingers , like Bill Bennett , want to claim credit for Barack Obama 's election as some kind of racial vindication for America , when they 're the very people who were indulging the worst kind of dog- whistle stereotypes in their strenuous efforts to keep him from becoming president ?
Keith Olbermann honored Rep. Michelle Bachmann , the Diva of the New McCarthyism , last night as the " Worst Person in the World " for the following remarks :
Rep. Michele Bachmann ( R - Minn. ) told Politico Thursday that she was “ extremely grateful that we have an African - American who has won this year . ”
She called his victory “ a tremendous signal we sent . ”
“ I have not seen the United States as a racist nation , ” said Bachmann , who represents Minnesota ’s 6th Congressional District , in the east - central part of the state .
“ In my district , I do n’t sense racism , and that ’s why I ’m thankful that hopefully this will send a national signal across our country that America is not a nation made up of racists .
...
On the same hand , I hope that the national media will not confuse disagreement with Obama ’s policy positions with being consumed [ by ] racism . ”
Yep , this is the same woman who thought that Obama was " anti-American . "
Only a day ago , she also said this :
It looks like the Sopranos .
That is kind of what we are looking at .
This is knuckle Chicago politics and that is what is going to be in the White House now .
We have been , conservative Republicans , have felt the brunt of Rahm Emanuel this election cycle , last election cycle .
It ’s unlike anything anyone has ever seen or heard and now it ’s going to come forth out of the White House .
Piece .
Of .
Work .
Introduction
The new CPU charts for 2008 from Tom ’s Hardware have , at long last , arrived .
There are 18 entries from AMD and 36 processors from Intel , which were put to the test using a fresh gauntlet of benchmarks .
For more meaningful comparisons and the most consistent benchmark results , our testing platforms were fully re-equipped .
Tthe graphics card used was a powerful MSI N280GTX - T2D1G - OC based on the Nvidia GeForce GTX 280 .
Each platform is fitted with a 4 GB of main memory and is operated using Windows Vista Enterprise .
The AMD system uses DDR2 - 1066 memory , while the Intel machine employs DDR3 - 1333 memory .
An X - Fi Xtreme Gamer sound card from Creative takes the pressure off the processor when it comes to audio calculations and ensures reproducible results .
In addition , the workloads of the benchmarks are processed on a RAM disk in order to ensure that the hard drive does not slow up the fast quad - core processors .
We test using 31 benchmarks representing office , video , audio and gaming markets .
We also added six Linux benchmarks , which are also executed using a RAM disk .
The Linux benchmark suite covers kernel compilation , PHP , packing of files using Gzip , SciMark , OpenSSL encryption , and compilation of Mplayer software using the GCC compiler .
In order to ensure that our testing procedure is suitable for coming generations of processors , it contains five applications designed for eight - core CPUs and five additional applications for quad - core models .
Very few benchmarks are able to handle more than one processing core , because software developers currently have little need to adopt threading .
Examples of those with the capability include iTunes and Lame .
Because there are still a number of tests that do not , in fact , support multi-core CPUs , those tests reflect the benefits of frequency over parallelism instead .
When it comes to desktop processors , the competitive situation between Intel and AMD has changed considerably .
Unlike in the past , Intel is now ahead in just about every category .
The Intel models are also generally more overclockable , which means it is possible to build a high - end system for a relatively low cost .
AMD is having trouble keeping up with Intel ’s upper echelon of performance - oriented solutions and its current processor models offered only minor overclocking potential up until recently , when the SB750 southbridge improved scalability on Black Edition Phenoms .
Only a new method of manufacturing is likely to change this situation significantly , though .
Editor ’s Note :
As with our recently updated graphics charts , we put together a brief introductory piece to familiarize you with the hardware and software used to generate the long list of benchmarks that you ’re able to compare through our charts tool .
On the last page of this piece , you ’ll find links to the new charts list and the previous CPU update from earlier this year , which can still be used as a reference .
Nothing says fun to physicists and mathematicians like baseball - it's the perfect sport for the numbers - oriented crowd , and because it 's the only game where the defense has the ball , it 's ideally suited for the rebel mentality .
With baseball playoffs heating up and the World Series right around the corner , it 's guaranteed that fans will see daring slides , both feet - first and head - first , and even slides on bang - bang plays at first .
But the eternal question has always been , who gets there faster , the head - first slider or the feet - first ?
The heads first player , says David A. Peters , Ph.D. , the McDonnell Douglas Professor of Engineering at Washington University in St. Louis , and big - time baseball fan .
He says it 's a matter of the player 's center of gravity .
Peters is a mechanical engineer who specializes in aircraft and helicopter engineering , and he sees our " fields of dreams " a bit differently than most – he sees them as playgrounds of math and physics .
Peters says that dynamics equations can determine which slide gets you there more quickly .
But there are three important mathematical issues at play .
" There 's momentum – mass of the body times how fast the player is moving , " he says .
" There 's angular momentum .
If it 's feet - first and you 're starting to slide , your feet are going out from you and you 're rotating clockwise ; if it 's head - first , as your hands go down , you 're rotating counterclockwise . "
Angular momentum is mass movement of inertia times the rotational rate .
" On top of this is Newton 's Law , " Peters explains .
" The force is your mass times acceleration .
The moments are moments of inertia times your angular acceleration . "
So , who gets there faster ?
" It turns out your center of gravity is where the momentum is , " Peters says .
" This is found half way from the tips of your fingers to the tips of your toes .
In the headfirst slide , the center of gravity is lower than halfway between your feet and hands , so your feet do n't get there as fast .
It 's faster head - first . "
For a long time – until roughly the Pete Rose era of the '60s and ' 70s – players shunned the headfirst slide to protect their hands and faces .
Spikes , evoking the Ty Cobb days , were weapons on the diamond .
In the past few decades , players who prefer the head - first slide have taken to running holding onto their batter 's gloves to prevent their hands from opening up and being exposed to injury .
And , while the percentage of players who slide one way or the other is not actually known , Peters estimates it 's about 50 - 50 .
Peters notes a growing number of players who will slide into first base , despite conventional wisdom that running through first is the faster way .
" Mathematically , you might think there 's an advantage , but leaving your feet is actually a detriment because you 're no longer pulling and you start to decelerate , " he says .
" When you 're running , your get your feet out in front of the center of gravity , so you 're getting maybe three or four steps of an advantage . "
Peters says the only advantage of any slide into first base is to avoid the first baseman 's tag when he has to come off the base to spear an errant throw .
" In general , most agree to run through first , but you 'll find people who will swear it 's better to do it the other way . "
[ darcs-users ] darcs weekly news # 13
News and discussions
--------------------
1 . Announcing darcs 2.1.2 . Eric has released darcs 2.1.2 .
You can also find darcs 2.1.2 on hackage .
* http://lists.osuosl.org/pipermail/darcs-users/2008-November/015915.html * http://hackage.haskell.org/cgi-bin/hackage-scripts/package/darcs
2 . Character - based patch type .
Andrew Robbins is developing a library for character level diffs that would allow for indentation and word patches as well as other fine granularity patches .
* http://lists.osuosl.org/pipermail/darcs-users/2008-November/015976.html
3 . Digital Fountain Codes for Patch Distribution .
Tom Hawkins has a proposal for using Digital Fountain Codes as a fast distributed protocol for transfering data between darcs repositories .
* http://lists.osuosl.org/pipermail/darcs-users/2008-November/016016.html
4 . Camp Update .
Ian Lynagh has started an irregular news letter about Camp .
Looks like he 's accomplished a lot .
Take a look at Camp today .
* http://lists.osuosl.org/pipermail/darcs-users/2008-November/016044.html
5 . Darcs Oversight Committee ( Software Freedom Conservancy ) .
Eric has proposed we create an oversight committee as part of joining the Software Freedom Conservancy .
* http://lists.osuosl.org/pipermail/darcs-users/2008-November/016107.html
Reviewers ---------
Thanks to our patch reviewers this week !
- Christian Kellermann - Eric Kow - Dmitry Kurochkin - Trent W. Buck Want to receive recognition for helping with Darcs ?
Add yourself to the patch review team today so that Eric knows to send patches your way .
* http://wiki.darcs.net/DarcsWiki/DarcsTeam
Issues resolved in the last week ( 3 ) ------------------------------------ issue1043 David Roundy * avoid use of sort_coalesceFL in Patch .
Real . * http://bugs.darcs.net/issue1043 issue1101 Christian Kellermann * also display cc'ed recipients * http://bugs.darcs.net/issue1101 issue1117 Christian Kellermann * warn if file does not exist in whatsnew * http://bugs.darcs.net/issue1117
Patches applied in the last week ( 44 ) -------------------------------------
2008-11-22 Eric
Kow - Point to new shorter URL for binaries wiki page .
- Rollback IFS removal 2008 - 11 - 21 Jason Dagit - Appease ghc - 6.10 witnesses in Real.hs . - Appease ghc - 6.10 witnesses in Prim.lhs .
2008 -11-21 gwern0 at gmail.com - tests/*.sh : rm vitiated IFS variable 2008 - 11 - 21 Eric Kow - documentation / website : Fix bigpage compilation .
2008 - 11-20 Dmitry Kurochkin - Use let to avoid duplication in Darcs .
Patch .
Real .
2008 -11-19 Eric
Kow -
Make darcs.pdf just a copy of darcs_print.pdf and likewise for darcs .ps - Remove seemingly unused ps / pdf targets 2008 - 11 - 20 Thorkil Naur - Remove OPTIONS_GHC that GHC - 6.10.1 warns as " deprecated " 2008 - 11 - 20 Christian Kellermann - add newlines to the default entries so we do n't break the file 2008 - 11 - 20 Jason Dagit - bump package version number for hackage - correctly add Distribution / ShellHarness.hs to darcs.cabal - sdist errors on trying to move tests / shell_harness - bump version number in darcs.cabal 2008 -11-20 Eric
Kow - issue1043 b now also resolved by David 2008 - 11 - 19 David Roundy - resolve issue1043 : avoid use of sort_coalesceFL in Patch .
Real .
2008 -10 -25 Christian Kellermann - code clarification - resolve issue1117 : warn if file does not exist in whatsnew 2008 - 11 - 18 Thorkil Naur - shell_harness.hs hSetBuffering stdout NoBuffering 2008 - 11 - 18 Trent W. Buck - Harden release / STATE munger .
2008 - 11-15 Christian Kellermann - resolve issue1101 : also display cc'ed recipients 2008 - 11 - 18 Dmitry Kurochkin -
Move make_repo_name after identifyRepoFormat in get .
2008 -11-18 Eric
Kow - Trivially extend unit test to work with Pavel 's extended make_email .
2008 -11-17 gwern0 at gmail.com - tests / README : add a section warning about use of ' yes ' and ' find ' - tests /* : per kowey , replace all portable_pwd with hspwd - tests / lib : scrap portable_pwd definition for alias to hspwd 2008 - 11 - 18 Trent W. Buck - Replace workaround with fix ( Windows ' sort does n't have - o ) .
- Refactor Cabal package description .
- Consistently punctuate cabal flag descriptions .
2008 - 11-17 Pavel Shramov -
Test for darcs send with -- in - reply - to option - Add -- in - reply - to flag for send command 2008 - 11 - 17 zooko at zooko.com - in make file , quote the " $( DARCS_VERSION_WITH_PATCHES ) " variable 2008 - 11 - 17 Trent W. Buck - Darcs works with regex - compat 0.92 .
2008 - 11-16 David Roundy - do n't run posthook if the command terminated with exitWith .
2008 -11-17 gwern0 at gmail.com - tests/README.test_maintainers.txt : add a section on the use of lib - tests /*.sh : remove " set - ev " from all callers of lib - tests / lib : rm shebang header - mv lib.sh -> lib & update callers 2008 - 11 - 17 Eric Kow - Add -- disable - unit to configure script 2008 - 11 - 15 gwern0 at gmail.com - tests/*.sh : factor out windows abortion - tests /*.sh : factour out ~ 61 of the ' not ' definitions to lib.sh - tests /*.sh : factor out definitions of portable_pwd to lib.sh - +tests/lib.sh : library for test scripts
-------------- next part
--------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed ...
URL : http://lists.osuosl.org/pipermail/darcs-users/attachments/20081122/82b99d95/attachment-0001.htm
by Laurel Mills & Allison Keene
1. The SPAMÂ ® Museum
If the on - site " wall of SPAM "  is any indication , a tour through the SPAM Museum in Austin , Minnesota , is guaranteed fun for the whole canned - pork - loving family .
SPAM 's parent company , Hormel Foods , opened the establishment in 2001 to the tune of almost 5,000 cans of SPAM .
One of the main attractions is a scale model of a SPAM plant , where visitors can don white coats and hairnets while pretending to produce America 's favorite tinned meat .
2. National Museum of Funeral History
It 's pretty hard to argue with the motto " Any Day Above Ground is a Good One . " 
So goes the backhanded optimism of the National Museum of Funeral History , a Houston facility that opened in 1992 .
Visitors are treated to exhibits that include a Civil War embalming display and a replica of a turn - of - the - century casket factory .
In addition , the museum boasts an exhibit of " fantasy coffins "  designed by Ghanaian artist Kane Quaye .
These moribund masterpieces include a casket shaped like a chicken , a Mercedes - Benz , a shallot , and an outboard motor .
According to Quaye , his creations are based on the dreams and last wishes of his clients , which — let 's be honest — really makes you wonder about the guy buried in the shallot .
3. The Hobo Museum
If you 're bumming around but looking for a good time , be sure to take a load off in Britt , Iowa , at The Hobo Museum , which details the history and culture of tramps .
Bear in mind , though , that the museum kind of , well , slacks on hours and is only open to the public during the annual Hobo Convention .
Luckily , tours can be arranged by appointment any time of year .
Of course , if you 're interested in the Hobo Convention , lodging is available all over the area , but it 's a safe bet that most of your compatriots will be resting their floppy hats at the " hobo jungle , "  located by the railroad tracks .
Both the event and the museum are operated by the Hobo Foundation , which — incidentally — also oversees the nearby Hobo Cemetery , where those who have " caught the westbound "  are laid to rest .
4. Cook's Natural Science Museum
What began as a training facility for Cook 's Pest Control exterminators blossomed into one of the few museums in the country willing to tell the tale of the pest .
At Cook 's Natural Science Museum in Decatur , Alabama , visitors can learn everything they ever wanted to know about rats , cockroaches , mice , spiders , and termites " ¦ all for free .
And while most people would rather step on the live specimens than learn about them , museum exhibits such as the crowd - pleasing Pest of the Month keep reeling in patrons .
5. Burlingame Museum of PEZ Memorabilia
On the West Coast lies the Burlingame Museum of PEZ Memorabilia , home of the World 's Largest PEZ dispenser and a whole bunch more .
Most everyone is familiar with PEZ , a pretty ubiquitous pop culture touchstone , but did you know that PEZ was originally marketed as an adult mint for people trying to quit smoking ?
6. The Barbed Wire Museum
The Barbed Wire Museum in McLean , Texas , comes complete with a reading list for those who want to know more about the history of this apparently fascinating fencing .
Also known as the " Devil 's Rope , " it came into being by way of a mutated coffee bean grinder ( which made the barbs ) and a hand - cranked grindstone device ( that twisted the wires together ) .
Just like Mama used to make , right ?
7. The Conspiracy Museum
There 's more than one theory about the assassination of John F. Kennedy , so why not have more than one museum devoted to it as well ?
Most JFK buffs are familiar with the Sixth Floor Museum housed in the former Texas School Book Depository , which recounts all those boring " mainstream "  details of the late president 's life leading up to his death at the hands of Lee Harvey Oswald .
But just down the street , the Conspiracy Museum offers fodder for those less apt to buy into The Man 's propaganda .
For the most part , the museum specializes in showings of the Zapruder film and explanations of contrary assassination theories , including other gunmen on the grassy knoll and possible mafia involvement .
8. The Museum of Bad Art
Founded in 1993 , The Museum of Bad Art ( MOBA ) in Boston is " a community - based , private institution dedicated to the collection , preservation , exhibition and celebration of bad art in all its forms and in all its glory . "
The art featured on the site is not of the middle - school drivel variety ; rather , the pieces seem to be the product of people who think that if they light candles and play Mozart loudly , the talent will come .
It does n't , but the results are fun .
9 . The MÃ¼tter Museum
Originally , the College of Physicians of Philadelphia erected the MÃ¼tter Museum as a creative way to inform medical students and practicing physicians about some of the more unusual medical phenomena .
( You know , babies with two heads , that sort of thing . )
But today , it primarily serves as a popular spot for anyone interested in the grotesque .
There , you 'll find the world 's largest colon , removed from a man who died — not surprisingly — of constipation .
Also on display : an OB - GYN instrument collection , thousands of fluid - preserved anatomical and pathological specimens , and a large wall dedicated entirely to swallowed objects .
10 . The Museum of Questionable Medical Devices
Take two trips to the Museum of Questionable Medical Devices and call us when you 've lost all faith in the medical profession .
Thanks to curator Bob McCoy ( who has donated the collection to the Science Museum of Minnesota ) , those in search of history 's quack science can find what they 're looking for in the St.
Paul tourist attraction , whether it's a collection of 19th - century phrenology machines or some 1970s breast enlargers .
If you make the trip , be sure to check out the 1930s McGregor Rejuvenator .
This clever device required patrons to enclose their bodies , sans head , in a large tube where they were pounded with magnetic and radio waves in attempts to reverse the aging process .
11 . Vent Haven Ventriloquist Museum
So , what do you get when you combine the loneliness of a pet cemetery with the creepy flair of vaudeville ?
The Vent Haven Ventriloquist Museum , of course — where dummies go to die .
The Fort Mitchell , Kentucky , museum was the brainchild of the late William Shakespeare Berger , who founded the site as a home for retired wooden puppets .
In fact , he collected figures from some of the country 's most famous ventriloquist acts .
And with more than 700 dummies stacked from floor to ceiling , you 're bound to feel like you 're stuck inside a 1970s horror flick — albeit a really good one .
But sadly , when Berger gave the tour , you could totally tell his mouth was moving .
[ Image courtesy of Vic. ]
12 . The Trash Museum
Mom was n't kidding when she said one man 's trash is another man 's treasure .
At the Trash Museum in Hartford , the Connecticut Resources Recovery Authority ( CRRA ) turns garbage into 6,500 square feet of pure recycling entertainment !
Tour the Temple of Trash or visit the old - fashioned town dump .
And for your recycler - in - training , head down the street to the Children 's Garbage Museum , where you can take an educational stroll through the giant compost pile , get a glimpse of the 1 - ton Trash - o - saurus , or enjoy the company of resident compost worms .
Criminal syndicates are earning more than $ 10bn a year from a booming environmental crime business in rainforest logging , the trade in endangered animal skins and ivory and smuggling canisters of banned gas refrigerants , it is claimed today .
Environmental crime is a growing source of income for international gangs attracted by profit margins of up to 700 % on illegal items such as tiger skins , according to the Environmental Investigation Agency .
Yet the problem is being largely ignored by national and international crime fighting agencies , it says .
The UK - based charity has named several men it suspects of involvement in multimillion - dollar operations that have resulted in extensive environmental destruction , but who have not been successfully prosecuted .
They include an Indian , Sansar Chand , who , according to an interrogation report from the Indian Central Bureau of Investigations , has sold more than 12,000 animal skins to Nepal - based traders .
The report says his haul included 400 tigers and 2,000 leopards , worth up to $ 10 m on the open market in China , where EIA investigators found similar skins openly , but illegally , on sale .
Since June 2005 Chand has been in Tis Hazari jail in Delhi .
Abdul Rasyid , an Indonesian businessman , has denied illegal logging of hardwoods such as ramin and balau in the protected Tanjung Puting national park .
He was named by the Indonesian government in a list of individuals suspected of involvement in the trade .
The country 's forestry ministry alleged that he organised the trade in illegal timber , in an operation which the EIA said was overseen from Hong Kong and involved middlemen in Singapore .
The case against him has since been dropped for lack of evidence .
According to a signed confession obtained by the Zambia Wildlife Authority , Benson Nkunika admits poaching 38 elephants for their ivory using a range of guns including an AK - 47 on the orders of an area warden in South Luangwa , the country 's most famous national park .
The EIA believes a network of environmental crime rings is thriving in the developing world , even in the ivory trade , which has been the subject of an international ban since 1989 .
" It is clear the ivory trade is growing among organised criminals because of the increasing numbers of large seizures we are seeing , " said Mary Rice , director of the EIA .
" That is reflected in the trade in wild cat skins and illegal logging .
Seizures in the 1990s were typically of far smaller volumes . "
In a report published today which includes the findings of several investigations , the EIA concludes : " Environmental crime generates tens of billions of dollars in profits for criminal enterprises every year , and it is growing .
In part this is due to the proliferation of international and regional environmental agreements , leading to more controls on a range of commodities .
It is also due to mutations in the operations of criminal syndicates which have been diversifying their operations into new areas like counterfeiting and environmental crime . "
The latest trend is the illegal trade in hydrochlorofluorocarbons ( HCFCs ) , gas compounds used in refrigeration and aerosols which are known to contribute to global warming .
Julian Newman , an EIA investigator , said US authorities had intercepted the first attempts to smuggle HCFCs , which were intended to replace chlorofluorocarbons ( CFCs ) but are now being phased out in the US .
BOSSASSO , Somalia , Nov. 16 ( UPI ) -- A Russian frigate prevented the seizure of a vessel flying the Saudi flag from being taken over by pirates off Somalia 's coast Sunday , a Russian official said .
Russian Navy spokesman Igor Dygalo said the Rabikh , which was sailing about 30 miles from the Russian frigate Neustrashimy was attacked by several pirate boats , RIA Novosti reported .
Advertisement
The Neustrashimy was deployed in waters off the Somali coast in late October , after Somali pirates attacked about 60 ships this year .
On Saturday , a Japanese freighter carrying South Korean and Filipino crew members was hijacked by armed pirates off Somalia in the Gulf of Aden , officials said .
The 20,000 - ton cargo ship Chemstar Venus was seized , South Korean Foreign Ministry officials told the Yonhap news agency .
Eighteen of the ship 's 23 - member crew were Filipinos and five were South Korean
It was the second hijacking of a South Korean ship since September , when a freighter was also seized by pirates off Somalia .
The crew of that ship was freed unharmed after more than a month of captivity .
In September , a Ukrainian ship , the Faina , which carried tanks and heavy weaponry , was seized by pirates who have demanded a multimillion - dollar ransom in exchange for the release of the crew .
NATO and the European Union recently announced plans to increase their naval presence in the Gulf of Aden .
US vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin is n't saying citizens interested in open government can't get access to her emails .
She 's just saying it will cost a little .
The office of the Alaska governor , which by state law is required to make such messages public , says it could cost more than $ 15 m for anyone conducting an exhaustive search .
Even then , Palin - who ran for governor on a platform of running a clean and transparent government - says requests wo n't be honored until November 17 , two weeks after the presidential election is held .
It 's fair to say that interest in Palin 's email has spiked since Republican presidential nominee John McCain named her as his running mate .
Not only has her office been swamped with requests for copies of state records , but her personal Yahoo email account was breached and some of its contents were posted to the Wikileaks site .
The leak offered evidence strongly suggesting that Palin conducted official state business using the very unofficial gov.palin@yahoo.com email address .
Messages sent to it bore subject headings such as " Draft letter to Governor Schwarzenegger , " " Court of Appeals Nominations " and " CONFIDENTIAL Ethics Matter . "
Critics say her use of the Yahoo account could violate Alaska open records laws that require official communications to be available to members of the public .
An Alaska state judge has ordered Palin to preserve the contents of the account .
The emails Palin 's office has valued at $ 15 m were sent by various state employees to her husband , Todd , who is not a state employee .
State bean counters say it will cost $ 960.31 to search each employee 's account .
If email for all 16,000 employees are processed , the exact figure is $ 15,364,000.96 .
They figure it will take 13 hours per email account .
That figure does n't include the cost of the paper .
The office will only make the email available in hard copy .
Palin may portray herself as a Washington outsider unversed in the sleights of hand politicians use to keep Joe Six - Pack from seeing what 's really going on in government .
But in Alaska , she knows how it 's done . ®
IMF Tries to Stem the Crisis
The International Monetary Fund stepped up its efforts against the global financial crisis this week .
Joseph Stiglitz from Columbia University considers whether it has the cash it needs .
Big Data is a major theme on the O’Reilly Radar , so we ’re delighted to welcome guest blogger Joe Hellerstein , a Professor of Computer Science at UC Berkeley whose research focuses on databases and distributed systems .
Joe has written a whitepaper with more detail on this topic .
There is a debate brewing among data systems cognoscenti as to the best way to do data analysis at this scale .
The old guard in the Enterprise IT camp tends to favor relational databases and the SQL language , while the web upstarts have rallied around the MapReduce programming model popularized at Google , and cloned in open source as Apache Hadoop .
Hadoop is in wide use at companies like Yahoo ! and Facebook , and gets a lot of attention in tech blogs as the next big open source project .
But if you mention Hadoop in a corporate IT shop you are often met with blank stares — SQL is ubiquitous in those environments .
There is still a surprising disconnect between these developer communities , but I expect that to change over the next year or two .
We are at the beginning of what I call The Industrial Revolution of Data .
We ’re not quite there yet , since most of the digital information available today is still individually “ handmade ” : prose on web pages , data entered into forms , videos and music edited and uploaded to servers .
But we are starting to see the rise of automatic data generation “ factories ” such as software logs , UPC scanners , RFID , GPS transceivers , video and audio feeds .
These automated processes can stamp out data at volumes that will quickly dwarf the collective productivity of content authors worldwide .
Meanwhile , disk capacities are growing exponentially , so the cost of archiving this data remains modest .
And there are plenty of reasons to believe that this data has value in a wide variety of settings .
The last step of the revolution is the commoditization of data analysis software , to serve a broad class of users .
To get a glimpse at what that software might look like , consider today ’s high - end deployments .
There are a few different solutions , but they typically share the core technique of dataflow parallelism .
Legions of disk drives are set spinning at once , pumping data through high - speed network interconnects to racks of CPUs , which crunch the text and numbers as they flow by .
High - end relational database systems like Teradata have been using this approach for decades , and in the last few years companies like Google and Yahoo !
have cranked up new tools to bring this process to a scale never seen before .
There has been a good deal of cheerleading and smoke - blowing about these two approaches to massive data parallelism in recent months .
Setting aside the trash talk , the usual cases made for the two technologies can be summarized as follows :
Relational Databases MapReduce ( Hadoop ) multipurpose : useful for analysis and data update , batch and interactive tasks
high data integrity via ACID transactions
lots of compatible tools , e.g. for loading , management , reporting , data visualization and mining
support for SQL , the most widely - used language for data analysis
automatic SQL query optimization , which can radically improve performance
integration of SQL with familiar programming languages via connectivity protocols , mapping layers and user - defined functions designed for large clusters : 1000 + computers
very high availability , keeping long jobs running efficiently even when individual computers break or slow down
data is accessed in “ native format ” from a filesystem — no need to transform data into tables at load time
no special query language ; programmers use familiar languages like Java , Python , and Perl
programmers retain control over performance , rather than counting on a query optimizer
the open - source Hadoop implementation is funded by corporate donors , and will mature over time as Linux and Apache did
This roughly captures the positive arguments being made today .
Most of the standard critiques of each side are implicit in the bragging points on the other side .
Neither side ’s argument is strengthened by their leading player .
Hadoop is still relatively young , and by all reports much slower and more resource intensive than Google ’s MapReduce implementation .
Meanwhile , many people equate high - end relational databases with Oracle , which has developed a reputation for being expensive and difficult to manage , and which does not run on massive clusters of commodity computers the way that many of its high - end competitors do .
Nobody in the data management industry is taking this debate lightly , and the safest prediction is that this landscape will change quickly .
The lines between SQL and MapReduce have already begun to blur with the announcement from two database startup companies — Greenplum and Aster Data — that each released a massively parallel system integrating a full - featured SQL engine with MapReduce .
Each touts a different mix of features from the MapReduce column : Greenplum supports filesystem access and removes any SQL requirements ;
Aster emphasizes their availability and scaling features .
Meanwhile , the Hive open - source project from Facebook provides a SQL - like programming language layered on top of Hadoop .
There are also research projects at both IBM and Microsoft in this space , which could evolve into products or open - source initiatives .
So where is all this headed ?
In the short term , the churn in the marketplace should drive a much faster pace of innovation than traditional database vendors provided over the last decade .
The technical advantages of Hadoop are not intrinsically hard to replicate in a relational database engine ; the main challenge will be to manage the expectations of database users when playing tricks like trading off data integrity for availability on certain subsets of the database .
Greenplum and Aster will undoubtedly push to stay one step ahead of the bigger database companies , and it would not surprise me to see product announcements on this topic from the more established database vendors within the year .
<!–
As part of that evolution , I expect Greenplum , Aster and others to press the case for combining SQL and MapReduce within a single system image .
In my own experience helping O’Reilly and Linked In use Greenplum MapReduce , I found it handy to have both SQL and MapReduce available .
SQL ’s built - in support for scalably joining tables makes it an easier and more robust choice for combining multiple data sets , and for writing code to follow links in a graph ( e.g. , to find related people in a social network ) .
By contrast , MapReduce provides effortless access to open - source libraries from languages like Python , Perl and Java , which are much nicer than native SQL for handling text and arrays .
–>
In the longer term , if MapReduce becomes an important programming interface for data analysis , there will be a need to standardize its programming interfaces , to provide compatibility and smooth the road to wider adoption .
Alternatively , it is plausible that MapReduce is too low - level and restrictive for widespread use , and it will be wrapped into a higher - level query language like Hive or Yahoo ’s
Pig that will need the same kinds of standardization .
An interesting question is how this will interact with the push toward data - centric web services and Cloud computing .
Will users stage massive datasets of proprietary information within the Cloud ?
How will they get petabytes of data shipped and installed at a hosting facility ?
Given the number of computers required for massive - scale analytics , what kinds of access will service providers be able to economically offer ?
It ’s not clear that anybody has the answers yet in this department .
On a separate note , Hadoop has captured the enthusiasm of educators as a “ gateway ” to parallel programming .
Every computer science major at Berkeley , for example , will write Hadoop MapReduce programs in at least one class ( though currently they do so in the educational Scheme language . )
Other leading schools have similar programs .
Meanwhile , declarative languages — of which SQL is the most successful example — are experiencing a renaissance in computer science research , as I ’ve written about elsewhere .
So in addition to the changes in the market , the production line for these technologies is being filled at the source .
This suggests the possibility of ongoing change over the next many years .
What is Pure FreshML ?
Pure FreshML is a prototype implementation of the programming language described in the paper Static Name Control for FreshML .
Here is the source code .
This is an early prototype , without documentation ; it is provided only as a means of reproducing the experiments described in the paper .
It requires OCaml and a SAT solver ( by default , relsat , but zchaff can also be used ) .
Installation requires omake .
A more polished prototype , with a simpler installation process , will be made available in the future .
Here are some sample code fragments that might be of interest :
Conversion to A - normal form , in direct style ( anf - direct.fml ) ; this algorithm , explained in the paper , uses explicit , name - capturing contexts ;
Conversion to A - normal form , in continuation - passing style ( anf.fml ) ; this algorithm uses ( defunctionalized ) continuations , and gives rise to fewer proof obligations ;
Sets of atoms , implemented as lists of distinct atoms ( atomlist.fml ) ;
An interpreter for a lambda - calculus with callcc ( callcc.fml ) ;
Closure conversion ( cc.fml ) ; this algorithm requires fine - grained assertions ;
Hoisting ( hoist.fml ) ; this follows closure conversion , and is somewhat remarkable because it does not require much ingenuity ; ( imagine doing this with de Bruijn indices ! ) ;
Conversion from lambda - calculus to combinators ( comb.fml ) ;
CPS conversion ( cps.fml ) ;
Conversion from de Bruijn notation to nominal notation ( debruijn.fml ) ;
An interpreter for a lambda - calculus with pattern matching ( interpreter.fml ) ;
An interpreter for MetaML ( metaml.fml ) ;
Normalization by evaluation , as described in my paper ( nbe.fml ) or with delayed computations ( nbe-delayed.fml ) ;
Type - directed normalization by evaluation ( typed-nbe.fml ) .
Some readers might interpret this comic as an assertion that the existence of certain biological and sociological differences between genders results in a fundamental inability to coexist , but it is actually about how if you breathe water it causes you to die .
- Alex
Martin Crutsinger
Associated Press
November 12 , 2008
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson said Wednesday the $ 700 billion government rescue program will not be used to purchase troubled assets as originally planned .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Paulson said the administration will continue to use $ 250 billion of the program to purchase stock in banks as a way to bolster their balance sheets and encourage them to resume more normal lending .
He announced a new goal for the program to support financial markets , which supply consumer credit in such areas as credit card debt , auto loans and student loans .
Paulson said that 40 percent of U.S. consumer credit is provided through selling securities that are backed by pools of auto loans and other such debt .
He said these markets need support .
“ This market , which is vital for lending and growth , has for all practical purposes ground to a halt , ” Paulson said .
The administration decided that using billions of dollars to buy troubled assets of financial institutions at the current time was “ not the most effective way ” to use the $ 700 billion bailout package , he said .
Read article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
A man described as an " anti-piracy hero " has been gunned down in Thailand .
Kasim Cha Tong , a former director of the MPA and anti-piracy campaigner for the IFPI , died by a single shot from a sawn - off shotgun .
The killer escaped .
Police are investigating the possibility that this was an assassination .
Kasim Cha
Tong made a name for himself as deputy regional director of the IFPI , tackling music piracy in the 1980’s .
Tong was also a director of the MPA , leading many anti-piracy operations .
He gained respect from the US music industry for his efforts with the Malaysian Anti-Corruption Agency , where he worked to support the rights of foreign musical artists .
On Monday night , 56 year - old Tong , now a leading lawyer , was having dinner in a Sungai Golok border town restaurant with friends , but when he left he was killed by a single shot from an assailant with a sawn - off shotgun .
The killer then fled on a waiting motorcycle , with some reports suggesting two men were involved .
Ruling out robbery as a motive for the attack , deputy police chief Seman Wan Salleh said that he believed the killer was eating in the same restaurant as Tong , although the pair had no contact while they were there and no immediate incident prompted the attack .
Police are looking into the possibility that this was an assassination .
A former policeman , Tong could ’ve made enemies in many areas of his work , but commercial piracy is big business in his part of the world and attracts people prepared to take action direct action to protect their business .
MPA anti-piracy pooches , Lucky and Flo , found themselves under death - threat earlier this year , after they were involved in a major operation that netted around $ 3 million worth of pirate discs and burning equipment .
The threats from the crime syndicate involved were taken seriously , with the Malaysian government taking steps to protect the dogs .
This year , another anti-piracy dog , Manny , died under mysterious circumstances .
Divorced two years ago from his wife Irene , Tong leaves two sons and a daughter .
Clinton 's Sec. of State Chances Improving Obama and Clinton said to be optimistic that the assignment will happen .
Nov. 18 , 2008  -- President - elect Barack Obama is inching closer to naming former rival Sen. Hillary Clinton as his secretary of state , ABC News has learned .
Serious progress has been made in the talks between the two , leaving both Obama and Clinton increasingly optimistic that the assignment will happen , sources say .
Putting Clinton in charge of foreign policy would make for a remarkable partnership , considering the long and bitter primary battles between the two senators for the presidential nomination , and their intense tangles over foreign policy .
Clinton would give the Obama administration someone who is already a familiar face to many foreign heads of state , as well as to foreign populations around the world , who know her and her husband from the Clinton presidency .
Her appointment , however , would also come with complications stemming from Bill Clinton 's constant world travels and fundraising among foreigners for his presidential library and William J. Clinton Foundation .
Bill Clinton 's ventures are being vetted by Obama attorney Christine Varney , as well as by Obama transition officials , who are known and trusted by the Clintons , as well as by some officials at Clinton 's philanthropic foundation to make sure there is nothing that could complicate or compromise an Obama foreign policy .
For instance , the most widely reported example of potential presidential embarrassment or policy complications are reports that Bill Clinton traveled to Kazakhstan in 2005 with mining investor Frank Giustra , despite criticism from U.S. officials , including Hillary Clinton , of the country 's human rights record , as first reported by the New York Times .
Within days of the trip , Giustra 's company landed a multimillion dollar deal to buy into uranium projects with Kazakhstan .
Months later , Giustra donated $ 31.3 million to the Clinton foundation , with a pledge of more to come .
Nevertheless , sources familiar with the negotiations believe Clinton 's appointment as secretary of state could perhaps happen as early as next week .
Obama has made a point of mending fences with his former rivals .
He met with Hillary Clinton at his Chicago transition headquarters last week and sat down Monday with Sen. John McCain , the Republican he defeated on Election Day .
The president - elect also met with New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson , another one - time presidential contender who later endorsed Obama .
Obama to Meet Today With Joe Biden
The only thing on Obama 's schedule today is a meeting with vice president - elect Joe Biden .
Behind the scenes , however , the Obama camp is cobbling together a Cabinet and a White House staff .
A domestic policy adviser and White House counsel are expected to be named this week , with Cabinet appointees coming possibly next week .
Sources said that Obama is trying to design a team that fits together like a jigsaw puzzle , as Obama transition co-chairwoman Valerie Jarrett explained recently .
" He wants to make sure it represents the diversity of our country , diversity in perspectives , diversity in race , diversity in geography , " Jarrett told " Meet the Press " earlier this month .
The transition team also wants to be sure that personnel can get along , and that it does not rely so heavily on former Clinton administration officials that it looks like a third Clinton term .
Consideration of Hillary Clinton for secretary of state highlights that dilemma for Obama , who has already tapped several former Clintonistas for top jobs .
For instance , Larry Summers has been a leading candidate for Treasury secretary , but he already served that role in Bill Clinton 's administration , and that could complicate his chances .
" There 's no question there are going to be people who had experience in the Clinton administration at some level who will be considered , " said Leon Panetta , Bill Clinton 's former chief of staff who heads Obama 's transition team .
" But I think there will be a lot of other people considered as well . "
Consideration of Hillary Clinton has other ramifications .
Lawyer Greg Craig was said to have wanted a foreign policy job at the National Security Agency or the State Department , but Craig and Clinton are said not to get along .
That 's one factor that now has Craig instead in line for the White House counsel job , sources said .
President of WebFX .
Bill has over 25 years of experience in the Internet marketing industry specializing in SEO , UX , information architecture , marketing automation and more .
William 's background in scientific computing and education from Shippensburg and MIT provided the foundation for MarketingCloudFX and other key research and development projects at WebFX .
There are many ways you can present numerical , chartable data by styling elements using CSS .
Using CSS to style your data prevents you from relying on static images and increases your content ’s accessibility .
Below , you ’ll read about 8 excellent techniques for styling elements into beautiful , accessible charts and graphs .
1. CSS for Bar Graphs
View Demo
This tutorial showcases three ways of graphing data .
The Basic CSS Bar Graph example involves a < div > to contain the graph , and styling a < strong > element as a block element and using percentage widths to adjust the width .
A great modification of this technique is to use a paragraph < p > element instead of a < strong > tag for semantically - correct HTML .
The two other examples use a definition list and unordered list to graph multiple bars .
View Demo # 1 – View Demo # 2 – View Demo # 3
Author Wilson Miner discusses the concept of accessible , standards - compliant techniques for data visualization mentioning the benefits , limitations , and alternatives in brief .
The A List Apart article shows you three data visualization techniques using a basic structure of unordered lists .
Eric
Meyer shows us another technique for graphing vertical bar graphs using unordered lists similar to the " CSS for Bar Graphs " technique from Apples To Oranges .
In this technique , you use pre-made background images to shade in the appropriate data .
The downside of this technique is that you ’re limited by the pre-filled background images that you have and making more to suit your needs will increase the amount of classes you assign to your data – increasing the file size of both your CSS and HTML file as well as increasing the number of HTTP connections needed to render the page because of the background images .
5. Pure CSS Data Chart
View Demo
This example uses a definition list for mark - up .
A < span > element inside the < dd > definition list item serves as the element that gets adjusted in height to shade the appropriate area .
An < em > element is used to display the numerical representation of the shaded area , absolutely - positioned in the middle of the bar .
6. CSS Scatter Plot
A scatter plot is another great way to graph two - dimensional data .
In the example , each data point is clickable , so a possible modification to this technique is to use a modal window that displays extra information about a particular data point .
This technique shows two examples of styling definition lists into horizontal bar charts .
Each definition list item is assigned a class that adjusts its width using percentage units .
This technique showcases a method for semantic , accessible bar charts by using a table as the basic structure of the bar graph and using CSS to stretch a background image to its appropriate width .
Related Posts
Hi !
I 'm Nicolas and I 'm interested in information visualization , JavaScript and web standards .
I currently work as a Data Visualization Scientist at Twitter .
I wrote PhiloGL , the JavaScript InfoVis Toolkit and V8 - GL
The Moebius Transformation
Posted in : visualization , video
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
I ran into this youtube video done by Douglas N. Arnold and Jonathan Rogness that " visually explains " the moebius transformation .
The moebius transformation is used in the JavaScript Information Visualization Toolkit as the transformation for the Hyperbolic Tree visualization ( better viewed with Firefox , Safari or Opera ) .
Anyway , I thought this could be fun to watch .
When a Jefferson County deputy deployed pepper spray into a crowd during the first night of the Democratic National Convention , he did not know that his targets were undercover Denver police officers .
During a melee that occurred Aug. 25 between protesters , police and bystanders near Civic Center Park , undercover Denver detectives staged a struggle with a police commander in order to get out of the crowd undetected .
A Jefferson County deputy , unaware of the presence of undercover police , thought that the commander was being attacked and deployed the pepper spray , according to a police use - of - force report obtained by the American Civil Liberties Union of Colorado .
The report does not say whether the pepper spray used on the undercover police officers was the first deployment or whether the melee already was underway .
About 106 people were arrested during the incident that took place at 15th Street and Court Place .
Denver police have testified during court trials that they deployed officers to the area that night because they had gathered intelligence that anarchists had planned to gather in Civic Center Park , then move toward the 16th Street Mall to wreak havoc at delegate hotels and other businesses during the DNC .
On Thursday , the ACLU of Colorado sent a letter to Denver ’s Independent Monitor , Richard Rosenthal , asking for the Internal Affairs Bureau to conduct an investigation of the pepper - spraying incident .
“ The actions of the undercover detectives on Aug. 25 , 2008 , may have had the effect of exacerbating an already ‘ tense situation , ’ as their feigned struggle led nearby officers and the public to believe that a commanding officer was being attacked by protesters and that the situation necessitated the use of chemical agents , ” says the letter , written by ACLU staff attorney Taylor Pendergrass .
“ Such actions may have escalated the overall situation by causing officers on the scene to fear that the protesters threatened their safety , when in fact , the struggle was only between uniformed officers and undercover officers , ” he wrote .
Rosenthal said he had received the ACLU ’s letter about the pepper - spray incident .
The monitor also received a letter from the ACLU last week requesting a probe into possible conflicting or false statements by police and whether the department withheld evidence in some of the protesters ’ criminal trials .
“ The letters have been received , and I am in the process of reviewing and evaluating them , ” Rosenthal said Thursday .
The ACLU claims videos show that protesters , as well as otherwise uninvolved onlookers , were never ordered or given a chance to disperse before they were surrounded and detained by police .
The city has said it would prosecute as many as 60 accused protesters who declined to accept plea deals .
Some cases already have been dismissed after a judge cited a lack of evidence .
Felisa Cardona : 303-954-1219 or fcardona@denverpost.com
“ I understand that my choice of supporting Proposition 8 has been the cause of many hurt feelings , maybe even betrayal , ” Mr. Eckern said .
“ It was not my intent .
I honestly had no idea that this would be the reaction . ”
But the swift resignation was not met with cheers by those on either side .
Marc Shaiman , the Tony Award - winning composer ( “ Hairspray ” ) , called Mr. Eckern last week and said that he would not let his work be performed in the theater .
“ I was uncomfortable with money made off my work being used to put discrimination in the Constitution , ” Mr. Shaiman said .
He added , however , that the entire episode left him “ deeply troubled ” because of the potential for backlash against gays who protested Mr. Eckern ’s donation .
“ It will not help our cause because we will be branded exactly as what we were trying to fight , ” said Mr. Shaiman , who is gay .
“ But I do believe there comes a time when you cannot sit back and accept what I think is the most dangerous form of bigotry . ”
Supporters of the marriage ban said that critics of Mr. Eckern were attacking freedom of expression , and they chastised the theater ’s board for subjecting Mr. Eckern to a political litmus test .
“ No matter your opinion on Prop. 8 , we should all agree that it is wrong to intimidate or harass anyone for exercising their constitutional rights , ” said a letter to the theater ’s board president on Tuesday by Frank Schubert , campaign manager for Protect Marriage , the leading group behind the ballot measure .
First things first .
My new webapp tuttivisti is live !
This post is about how it came to be .
In just one week .
One person team .
Crazy working hours .
So I was there immediately after receiving the news that YC did not select my team for this round .
I thought I would feel depressed .
I thought that the put down would ruin my mood .
Well it did n’t !
I actually felt a jolt of energy .
For some reason I felt a bit as if I had been freed .
Ca n’t really explain why but my motivation and excitement bounced back up .
So what did I do with all this creative energy ?
Well my partner for diffract .me ( the other project I am preparing to launch ) had to go for a few days back home and we had n’t planned our next iteration yet .
So I decided to dive into something new , short and sweet .
Yep , I started coding .
Again .
From scratch .
I sat on the shoulders of giants .
For this 1 week challenge I picked some of the most productive tools I know ( and these will be topic for a future post ) :
I ’d love to communicate properly the productivity boost that the set of frameworks above can give a developer .
No more spending endless hours trying to create a decent CSS / HTML layout .
Bluetrip ( and by saying Bluetrip I mean also the great Blueprint and Tripoli from which Bluetrip has been created ) makes it trivial to put the stuff exactly where you want it on the screen .
Cross - browser .
No hassle .
Pinax .
Ah , the joy .
No more coding for the nth time a registration module .
No messing with authentication emails .
No rewriting another openid library .
No more .
It ’s all there .
Ready to use .
Greatly structured .
Amazing stuff .
This is a game changer in my opinion .
Jquery .
Well it needs no introduction .
Jquery is a work of genius .
For me it changed coding in Javascript from a painful experience into a pleasurable one .
I love Javascript again .
Now will tuttivisti fly ?
I sure hope so , but the truth is that it does not matter .
What I am saying to myself is :
If I can build something like this in 1 week the question is not “ will I ever manage to build a webapp that gains some traction ? ” but “ How many attempts will it take ?
Is 5 going to be enough ? 10 ? ” .
Maybe . :D
I have a lot more to say but will cut it short .
I am at the end of a very very long and demanding coding spree .
Update :
The past weekend a new version of tuttivisti has gone live , my 2nd week of work on the project , which incorporated much of the feedback I received , but a lot of work is still needed .
So feedback is welcome , and - yes I know - I need a graphic designer .
9 November 2008
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
They ’re the size of a hot tub .
They ’re buried underground .
They ’ll power 20,000 homes for 10 cents a watt anywhere in the world , at a start - up cost of $ 2,500 a house .
They ’re 5 years away from mass production .
They ’re miniature nuclear reactors delivered to your hood by truck and guaranteed to be factory - sealed , contain no weapons - grade material , have no moving parts , and be theft - proof because they ’ll will be encased in concrete and buried underground .
And — get this — they ’ll be safe because they ’ll be guarded by a security detail .
Wow .
I feel so much better already .
TSA for garden nukes .
The Guardian reports the mini nuke plants were developed by scientists at Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico , daddies to the first atomic bomb .
The US government has licensed the technology to the New Mexico company Hyperion , which said last week it ’s taken more than 100 firm orders , largely from the oil and electricity industries .
Hyperion plans to start mass production within five years .
They ’re also targeting ( is that irony ? ) developing countries and isolated communities .
The first confirmed order is from a Czech company for a unit to be installed in Romania .
Hyperion has a six - year waiting list and is in talks with developers in the Cayman Islands , Panama , and the Bahamas .
The reactors need to be refueled about every seven to ten years and produce waste of about the size of a softball , says Hyperion , waste that ’s a good candidate for fuel recycling .
Or what ?
Surely there ’s a better way to solve our problems .
Meanwhile Toshiba is testing mini 200KW reactors measuring about 20 by 6 feet and designed to fuel fewer homes for longer , or a single building for up to 40 years .
So Joe Six - Pack can have his own backyard nuke .
Think of the DIY YouTube possibilities .
Julia Whitty is Mother Jones ’ environmental correspondent , lecturer , and 2008 winner of the PEN USA Literary Award , the Kiriyama Prize and the John Burroughs Medal .
View Transcript
Transcript
Dilbert : I 'm addicted to the internet because it 's more interesting than people .
Is there a pill you can give to everyone else to make them more interesting ?
Doctors never want to treat the underlying problem .
Deftones bassist Chi Cheng poses in a file photo .
The bass player with the California rock band is in a coma after being involved in a car accident Monday in Santa Clara , Calif. , according to the Sacramento Bee. REUTERS / Ethan Miller
NEW YORK ( Billboard ) -
The bass player with California rock band Deftones is in a coma after being involved in a car accident Monday in Santa Clara , Calif. , according to the Sacramento Bee .
Chi Cheng , 38 , is in a “ very serious ” state , the paper quoted frontman Chino Moreno as saying .
“ I do n’t know everything that ’s going on -- I just know it ’s very serious , ” Moreno told the Bee .
“ Chi is one of the strongest people I know , and I ’m praying that his strength will get him through this , ” Moreno added in a note on the Deftones ’ blog .
“ Please say a prayer for him as well . ”
Cheng has been in the studio with Deftones working on the band ’s next studio album , “ Eros , ” which is due in spring 2009 via Warner Bros .
The Deftones ’ most recent live show was in mid-September in Peoria , Ariz .
Reuters / Billboard
The United States has plundered global wealth by exploiting the dollar ’s dominance , and the world urgently needs other currencies to take its place , a leading Chinese state newspaper said on Friday .
The front - page commentary in the overseas edition of The People ’s Daily said that Asian and European countries should banish the US dollar from their direct trade relations for a start , relying only on their own currencies .
A meeting between Asian and European leaders , starting on Friday in Beijing , presented the perfect opportunity to begin building a new international financial order , the newspaper said .
The People ’s Daily is the official newspaper of China ’s ruling Communist Party .
The Chinese - language overseas edition is a small - circulation offshoot of the main paper .
Its pronouncements do not necessarily directly voice leadership views .
But the commentary , as well as recent comments , amount to a growing chorus of Chinese disdain for Washington ’s economic policies and global financial dominance in the wake of the credit crisis .
" The grim reality has led people , amidst the panic , to realize that the United States has used the US dollars hegemony to plunder the world ’s wealth , " said the commentator , Shi Jianxun , a professor at Shanghai ’s Tongji University .
Shi , who has before been strident in his criticism of the US , said other countries had lost vast amounts of wealth because of the financial crisis , while Washington ’s sole concern had been protecting its own interests .
" The US dollar is losing people ’s confidence .
The world , acting democratically and lawfully through a global financial organization , urgently needs to change the international monetary system based on US global economic leadership and US dollar dominance , " he wrote .
Biden will give a high - profile speech on Monday , called \ " Bush 44 , \ " as an attack on McCain .
Biden speech to take hard hit at McCain
CHARLOTTE , N.C. — Joe Biden will deliver a high - profile first attack in a sustained anti-McCain offensive in a speech called " Bush 44 " Monday in the key battleground state of Michigan .
While the lines of attack have long been drawn , Biden will assert — as the title indicates — that a McCain presidency would amount to a third Bush term and will focus , in a detailed , comprehensive and aggressive way , on John McCain 's domestic policies and harsh campaign tactics , a campaign aide told Politico .
Advertisement
Biden will deliver the speech in St. Clair Shores , Mich. , in Macomb County , the area whose voters inspired Democratic pollster Stan Greenberg to coin the term “ Reagan Democrats . ”
The RealClearPolitics polling average shows Barack Obama with a 2 - point lead in Michigan , which Democrats won by slim margins in the last two elections .
The speech is touted as matching the aggressive new strategy the Obama campaign has promised to unleash in the remaining days of the campaign to counter the recent poll gains of McCain and his running mate , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin .
Biden until now has received considerably less media attention than Palin , in part because his speeches have seemed more intended to appeal to crowds than to make news , and Monday 's speech seems to be intended to integrate him more into the broader campaign strategy and to use him as a super - surrogate to take high - profile hits at McCain .
The campaign is emphasizing Biden ’s unique standing to deliver those hits , based on his longtime relationship with the Arizona senator , stretching back to the early 1970s when McCain served as Biden ’s Navy liaison to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee .
Biden gave a taste of this promised new ferocity , which the campaign hopes will translate into increased coverage of its line of attack , during campaign stops in Charlotte , N.C. , on Sunday .
Recalling how he offered to publicly defend McCain against character attacks during the 2000 primary , Biden told a rally that his friend McCain nonetheless “ was then and is now dead wrong … about what we should do as a nation . ”
The crowd of 1,100 — a count verified by the police department — whooped and clapped .
“ John just does n’t get it , ” Biden continued .
“ John ’s answer to your health care problems is — seriously , this is not a joke — John wants to , his answer is he ’s going to give a tax credit , and the way he ’s going to pay for that tax credit is to tax everybody who has health insurance . ”
The audience booed .
Biden also criticized McCain for voting against legislation to expand the State Children ’s Health Insurance Program .
“ John does n’t get it .
If he did , he would have voted with [ Rep . ]
Mel [ Watt ] ( D - N.C. ) and me when we tried to insure 3.2 million kids , ” Biden said as many in the crowd got to their feet clapping .
“ John voted no !
John voted no ! ”
Biden rapped the McCain - Palin ticket for being out of touch on the economy and keyed in on women ’s sense of economic insecurity .
“ John even voted against a study — a study — just to see how big the pay gap was between women and men .
A study .
Ladies and gentlemen , he wants to continue the trend of this administration , ” Biden said , before going on to cite statistics that North Carolina women are more likely than men to be paid the minimum wage and to live in poverty , making on average 82 cents for each dollar a man is paid for the same job .
Biden also took aim at McCain ’s foreign policy judgment at a fundraiser earlier in the day at the home of Crandall Bowles , wife of former Clinton chief of staff Erskine Bowles .
“ On foreign policy , there ’s not only not any real difference ” between McCain and President Bush , Biden told a group of about 60 supporters , but “ the difference that exists is even more troublesome .
More troublesome [ is ] how John views Iran . ”
While Bush sent his top negotiator to Iran , McCain does n’t want to talk to Iran officials , Biden said .
“ Because we have a naked self - interest in avoiding a war , John , that ’s why , ” Biden said .
Biden put the blame for what he called Republicans ' “ scurrilous lies ” about his running mate squarely on McCain , saying that “ the very people I said I would testify against [ on behalf of ] John McCain in South Carolina in the [ 2000 ] primary are the very people he ’s hired to run this campaign . ”
Next Monday , Biden will deliver another high - profile speech , this one a critique of McCain 's foreign policy views .
There is a shortage of organs for transplant Lungs have been successfully " reconditioned " to make them suitable for transplanting , a team of Canadian doctors has claimed .
Up to 80 % of donated lungs have sustained damage during death or intensive care treatments .
The team from Toronto General Hospital was able to keep lungs stable outside the body long enough to repair them .
But a British transplant surgeon doing similar work warned that lungs treated in this way could be damaged .
Currently , 224 people in the UK are awaiting a lung transplant .
This has allowed us to progress from preserving donor lungs to actually being able to repair some of the injury before transplantation
Dr Marcelo Cypel , Toronto General Hospital The Toronto XVIVO Lung Perfusion System technique involves pumping a bloodless solution containing oxygen , proteins and nutrients into the damaged donor lungs , which are protected in a special chamber .
This allows the surgeons the opportunity to assess and treat injured donor lungs , while they are outside the body .
A British team , at Wythenshawe Hospital in Manchester , are using a similar technique .
They only allow the donor lungs to remain outside the body for a maximum of two hours , and use the time to assess in detail whether or not they are suitable for transplant .
However , the Toronto team , working with a company called Vitrolife , keeps the lungs for up to 12 hours .
' A unique strategy '
So far four patients in Toronto have received lungs treated using this technique , and all have done well .
Three were given donor lungs which already met transplant standards , but which were improved by the team .
The fourth was given lungs which were not suitable for transplant before the XVIVO technique was used on them .
We 're not really at the level where we can assess and recondition over a long period of time
Nizar Yonan , transplant surgeon at Wythenshawe Hospital Dr Marcelo Cypel , a transplant specialist at Toronto General Hospital , said : " This has allowed us to progress from preserving donor lungs to actually being able to repair some of the injury before transplantation .
" And we have done this using a unique strategy on donor lungs outside the body . "
But Mr Nizar Yonan , leader of the Manchester team , said he had concerns about the length of time the Canadian doctors were spending treating the lungs .
He has used a similar perfusion system to assess lungs in two cases this year .
He said : " When you perfuse organs outside the body , they can deteriorate .
" We 're not really at the level where we can assess and recondition over a long period of time .
" Even over two hours , they do deteriorate . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
DETROIT --
Two big auto dealership chains delivered more bad news for domestic car makers : Many Detroit auto franchises have become practically worthless .
In third - quarter earnings reports Tuesday , Group 1 Automotive Inc. and Sonic Automotive Inc. announced charges of a combined $ 51 million reflecting declining " franchise value " for stores that sell brands from General Motors Corp. , Ford Motor Co. , and Chrysler LLC .
Franchise value is a measure of the potential profit a company can make from holding the right to sell new vehicles ...
Matt Drudge was long one of McCain 's worst tormentors , but now he 's become something of an ally .
Perhaps most notably , Drudge in recent weeks has seized upon any national polls that show the race close .
These surveys are often from Zogby or Rasmussen .
McCain , it seem clear , has noticed .
Appearing on " Fox News Sunday " this morning , he gladly engaged in a little process talk , dismissing Chris Wallace 's assertion that national and state polls have McCain in a " world of trouble . "
" First of all , there are polls this morning — reliable — Zogby , Rasmussen , Gallup — all those that show us in the margin of error or somewhat behind , " McCain said .
Later he added : " I do n't have to look at polls , but the polling numbers have closed dramatically in the last few days . "
comments closed
permalink
Statutes that prohibit secret detention in black - hole prisons , surveillance of the American people without warrant and torture have all been ignored or redefined out of existence .
The protections afforded by habeas corpus and the Geneva Conventions have been taken out the back and shot .
Like Louis XIV before him , Bush says , " L'Etat , c'est moi " ( I am the state ) .
He could declare anyone , anywhere , to be an illegal enemy combatant , even though they had committed no war crime or fought in any war .
Outside the normal laws of war , or even the criminal law , they could be sent to a black - hole prison , where they could be tortured , and face trial on charges based on " coerced testimony " and hearsay .
The accused could not even testify they had been tortured because to say so would violate a classified secret .
Bush said his prisoners were beyond the reach of the US court system .
The Supreme Court said no , they are not .
Bush thought he could suspend habeas corpus for his detainees .
The Supreme Court said he was wrong about that .
Bush thought he alone had power to create military commissions .
The Supreme Court again said he was mistaken and that Congress had to legislate for such a process .
The previous Australian government thought all of this skew - whiff lawyering was just fine .
Obama has a monumental task ahead of him to repair the damage done to America 's standing in the free world by lawyers who delivered incredibly poor advice .
To name a few : David Addington , Vice - President Cheney 's chief of staff and legal adviser and the main proponent of " L'Etat , c'est moi " .
John Yoo , who worked in the Justice Department and formulated the torture memos .
William " Jim " Haines , the Pentagon 's top lawyer who oversaw the enforcement of the interrogation techniques .
Alberto Gonzales , former attorney - general and Bush crony from Texas , who obligingly implemented the Rovian plan to sack US attorneys who prosecuted Republican heavyweights .
Harriet Miers , an obedient functionary and underqualified lawyer who Bush wanted to foist on the Supreme Court .
That 's enough .
The federal courts under Bush have been stacked with ideological clones , approved by an ultraconservative legal lobby called the Federalist Society .
Just before the election
The New York Times ran a story about how the federal appeal courts have been pushed to the right under the Bush Administration .
Of course , this is not " judicial activism " .
That term only applies if the judges push things to the left or , more probably , the centre .
The Times recounted one story about a South Dakota law that forced doctors to tell women seeking abortions that the procedure would " terminate the life of a whole , separate , unique living human being " .
Those exact words had to be used to patients , as though something like that might never have occurred to them .
A federal trial judge ruled that the state could not enforce the law because to do so might violate doctors ' first amendment rights .
An appeals court upheld that decision .
In June , the full US Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit swung into action .
In a 7 - 4 decision it overturned the earlier findings and said the legislation should take effect immediately .
The state can force doctors to say that life begins at conception because that is " objectively true " .
Six of the seven majority judges were appointed by Bush .
Conservative judges now make up 62 per cent of the federal bench .
When Bush took office the figure was closer to 50 per cent .
The trend is clear .
Judges appointed by Republican administrations tend to favour corporations over regulators , state or local authorities over the rights of the citizen , and are more likely to throw out cases on technical grounds .
This is not to say there is always a unanimity of view among conservative jurists .
For instance , there is a split on pressing issues such as whether mentally retarded people should be executed .
You let a bunch of swivel - eyed lawyers loose in the paddock and they can wreak an awful lot of damage on the world .
justinian@lawpress.com.au
AP Photo / Matt Sayles
" I think the writers ’ strike did it , " Chenoweth ( Daisies ' Olive Snook ) tells us tonight of the cancellation .
" I think that the ratings for all the shows are poor this year , and it ’s not what the networks were hoping for .
I ’m not sure why ABC decided to ax our show .
I know they do n’t own us , so I know that probably has something to do with it , but who knows ? "
We caught up with Kristin at the premiere for her new movie Four Christmases , shortly after she was told Daisies was canceled .
“ I just found out about an hour ago , ” she said .
“ Pushing Daisies will probably forever be one of my most happiest times of my career .
I loved being a part of that show , such quality , and I ’m very sad . "
As for all the storylines that will be left hanging , Kristin says , " We do n’t really have a closure .
It ’s going to leave a lot of our friends wondering . "
So would she do a movie ?
" I hope [ Bryan Fuller ] does it , because there ’s nothing like his mind .
I often ask him if his brains hurt because there are so many ideas inside of his head .
I would love to do a movie . "
You heard the woman .
Bryan , Warner Brothers , let 's make it happen , OK ?
Also , to you fans , please know that we are very much trying to get info for you on Eli and DSM as well , but so far have not been able to dig up any info beyond the confirmation from sources who work on the show that they were told it 's over .
We will update you as soon as we hear more .
If you want to reach out to ABC about these decisions , you can write the powers that be at : ABC , 500 S. Buena Vista St. , Burbank , CA 91521-4551
All three of these quality shows might have survived under different circumstances ... How sorry are you to see them go ?
Sound off in the comments .
Update Friday : ABC has announced its new midseason lineup to launch in January : Private Practice will follow Grey 's on Thursday nights , and Life on Mars will move into the 10 p.m. slot on Wednesdays after Lost .
October 23 , 2008 — Patrick Zimmerman
An 85 Year - Old Novelist ’s Writing Room
After living in London for many years , the acclaimed 85 - year - old British novelist Elizabeth Jane Howard now lives in Bungay , Suffolk , in a house that she bought ten minutes after first seeing it .
Houses have always been important to her : this one is her harbor after a very stormy life .
The Guardian recently published an article in which 85 - year - old English writer Elizabeth Jane Howard talked about the writing room in her house :
I moved into this room 20 years ago and spent the first five years fighting desks that were n’t right in some way .
Eventually I had this one made - right size , filing cabinets and drawers in the right place - and it ’s made such a difference .
I write on an Apple Mac , but still ca n’t help thinking of technology as something of an enemy .
I ’m much fonder of things like the meat skewer paper knife given to me by my old and beloved agent , A. D. Peters .
He sent them to all his clients , but I ’m probably one of the last to still use it .
My chair is one of the ugliest I ’ve ever seen .
But it is comfortable and moves around .
I ’ve long looked for a graceful chair that was any use and did once try one of those Swedish designs where you half kneel .
But all that happened was my knees got exhausted and I could n’t stop thinking “ I am in this extraordinary chair ” when I should have been concentrating on writing .
I work from about 10 in the morning to 1:30 .
I used to have another stint in the late afternoon , but I ’m now 85 and one session a day seems enough .
I ’m not a quick writer , but I do n’t have to rewrite much .
Anything writers ever say about writing can only apply to them , as you have to find your own way of doing things .
You can read more about Elizabeth Jane Howard ’s writing room here .
Please Remember Me and Bookmark
This :
Hari Puttar : India ’s Harry Potter is Home Alone
Harry Potter fans with laugh or cry at the latest copycat release out of India called “ Hari Puttar : A Comedy of Terrors . ”
Although the name sounds similar to the world famous Harry Potter character , that is where the similarities end .
“ Hari Puttar ” tells of a 10 year - old boy who moved from India to England with his family .
Feeling a little depressed and unwanted , Hari looks to his fantasy world friend Funtoon to help cheer him up .
A family trip is planned and the family leaves in the morning in such a hurry that Hari is left behind .
Burglars decide to try to steal from the house and Hari , who was left behind with his cousin , decides to protect their valuables .
This “ Home Alone ” and “ Harry Potter ” mashup has angered many fans as well as Warner Brothers , who has decided to sue to stop the release of the movie .
Outside of stealing two plots from popular movies , Hari Puttar : A Comedy of Terrors , looks pretty funny so check it out if you can .
( link 1 2 )
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Legal scholar : Evidence suggests Bush committed crimes
David Edwards and Nick Juliano
Published : Thursday July 17 , 2008
Print This Email This
Law professor rebukes Democrats for letting Bush off hook
Nancy Pelosi needs to hold meaningful impeachment hearings that will focus on evidence that President Bush has committed crimes in office , constitutional law professor Jonathan Turley said Wednesday .
Turley was speaking with MSNBC's Keith Olbermann about the House Speaker 's indication that she would let the Judiciary Committee hold an hearing to consider an impeachment article introduced by Rep. Dennis Kucinich ( D - OH ) .
The problem , Turley says , is that Pelosi has already rendered a " not guilty " verdict on the impeachment question , and the hearing organizers are making sure they wo n't be exposing any additional criminal activity .
This makes the whole exercise more like a " fancy dress ball , " than a criminal prosecution , he said .
Recalling his testimony to an impeachment hearing during the Clinton administration , Turley said the Republican Congress was focused on its goal of impeaching the president in a way the Democrats simply are not .
" It covered crimes , " Turley said of Clinton 's congressional inquisition .
" What [ Pelosi and others are ] already saying is that they 'll be talking about a wide array of abuses by the president .
" An impeachment hearing needs to be focused and it needs to deal with things directly and frankly , as whether the president committed crimes , " he continued , " And there is considerable evidence to say that the answer is yes . "
This video is from MSNBC's Countdown , broadcast July 16 , 2008 .
Download video
Now that we ’ve had a few weeks to settle , a look back at Labor Day in the Twin Cities .
Labor Day was of course also Day One of the Republican National Convention .
Video was released today of an apparent mass arrest of utterly peaceful concert goers at the SEIU Labor Day concert .
My personal favorite moment in the tape is an off - camera exchange .
Police in riot gear have surrounded loungers in a waterfront park .
They announce , “ Ladies and Gentlemen , You ’re Under Arrest ” and you hear one young woman say incredulously “ Are you serious ? ”
Yep , I ’m afraid they are .
Here ’s the press release that came with the video , from the Glass Bead Collective :
BURIED TAPE REVEALS USE OF FORCE AND AN UNWARRANTED MASS ARREST OF BYSTANDERS DURING THE REPUBLICAN NATIONAL CONVENTION
ST .
PAUL , Minnesota ( September 18 , 2008 ) Video released today shows the indiscriminate arrest of a crowd of two hundred at the waterfront across from a concert on Harriet Island Regional Park during this month ’s Republican National Convention in St. Paul .
The video includes multiple angles of the event as well as an interview with the cameraman who buried his footage and was one of almost two hundred people arrested for rioting without probable cause .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The United States and Mexico pledged Friday to redouble efforts in the war against drugs .
Mexican Foreign Relations Secretary Patricia Espinosa , left , and U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice .
Top officials from both countries met at the State Department to discuss the Merida initiative , a U.S. program to help Mexico fight drug trafficking and organized crime .
The $ 1.4 billion plan , proposed by President Bush in 2007 , funds training , equipment and other assistance for Mexican law enforcement .
Congress recently approved an initial $ 197 million , which the Bush administration made available to Mexico this month .
" The United States and Mexico have reaffirmed a commitment to enhanced partnership , cooperation , training , assistance [ and ] information - sharing , built on the premise that we have a shared responsibility to confront these criminals and protect our citizens , and that success requires increased cooperation , " Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said after the group 's first high - level policy meeting .
The meeting was attended by Defense Secretary Robert Gates , Attorney General Michael Mukasey , Office of National Drug Control Policy chief John Walters , and senior officials from the Department of Homeland Security .
The Merida program begins after an increase in drug - related violence in Mexico over the past year , much of which is believed to be the result of turf battles between rival drug gangs .
Mexican President Felipe Calderon has made fighting the drug cartels a priority for his administration .
He has unleashed federal police and soldiers in several states across the country and tightened controls on money laundering and corruption among local and municipal police forces , which are said to have been infiltrated by drug traffickers .
The Mexican government 's fight against drug cartels and organized crime has led to a string of killings of police and military personnel in Mexico .
The violence appears to be at its worst in the northern part of the country , which prompted the U.S. State Department to issue a travel warning this year for American citizens .
Rice said she is concerned about the recent drug violence on the Mexican border but praised Calderon 's efforts to crack down on drug lords .
She said the United States , for its part , is working to attack the demand for drugs north of the border .
Mexican Foreign Secretary Patricia Espinosa said the Merida program presents the United States and Mexico with a chance for " unprecedented " cooperation in the war against drugs .
" The drug market leads to crimes in money laundering , in precursor chemicals , in weapons trafficking , in corruption and a growing level of violence that affects our societies on both sides of the border , " she said .
" And that is why we are committed to fully attacking this problem jointly , with great determination . "
All About Mexico • Drug Trafficking
We are living on the cusp of unprecedented times – or unprecedented for the past half - century , anyway .
Of course there has been the odd painful blip , such as the oil shock of the mid-1970s or the quite sharp recessions of the early - 1980s and early - 1990s , but broadly speaking the pattern has been one of growing prosperity and an ever - rising standard of living .
Now , in a mood of palpable apprehension , we face something perhaps entirely different .
But there are lessons we can learn – the lessons of austerity Britain .
" No sooner did we awake from the six years ' nightmare of war and feel free to enjoy life once more , than the means to do so immediately became even scantier than they had been during the war , " lamented Anthony Heap , a local government officer living near St Pancras , London , in his diary at the end of 1945 .
" Housing , food , clothing , fuel , beer , tobacco – all the ordinary comforts of life that we'd taken for granted before the war , and naturally expected to become more plentiful again when it ended , became instead more and more scarce and difficult to come by . "
Little did he , or anyone else , imagine the hard , stony road that lay ahead .
It would be another nine years before rationing was finally ended in 1954 , nine long years of attritional discomfort and privation .
Rationing and shortages affected almost every area of everyday life .
Coal , petrol , cars , clothes , footwear , furniture , bedding , toys – all were hard to come by , being either strictly rationed or near unobtainable .
" The greatest disaster is the inability to buy a handkerchief if one has sallied forth without one , " bitterly complained one middle - class housewife to the research organisation Mass Observation ; another objected that the fuel shortage " entails poor lighting on railways , in waiting rooms etc , with consequent eye strain and depression " .
But for most people , there was during these bleak years one supreme , overriding obsession : food .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Rose Uttin , a Wembley housewife , listed in December 1947 the miserable state of play in a diary kept for for Mass Observation : " Our rations now are 1 oz bacon per week – 3lbs potatoes – 2ozs butter – 3ozs marge – 1 oz cooking fat – 2ozs cheese & 1s meat – 1lb jam or marmalade per month – lb bread per day . "
And , she added forlornly : " My dinner today 2 sausages which tasted like wet bread with sage added – mashed potato – tomato – 1 cube cheese & 1 slice bread & butter .
The only consolation no air raids to worry us . "
Some four years later , with the Tories returned to power after defeating Clement Attlee 's Labour government , the ' new prime minister asked his Minister of Food to show him an individual 's rations .
" Not a bad meal , not a bad meal , " Winston Churchill said when the exhibit was produced .
" But these , " nervously explained the minister , " are not rations for a meal or for a day .
They are for a week . "
Not surprisingly , the nation grumbled .
" Oh , for a little extra butter ! " wailed Vere Hodgson in west London in her 1949 diary , just after it had been announced that the meat ration was to go down again .
" Then I should not mind the meat .
I want half a pound of butter a week for myself alone ...
For 10 years we have been on this miserable butter ration , and I am fed up .
I NEVER enjoy my lunch ... "
The housewives , responsible every day for putting food on the family table , were on the front line , among them Judy Haines of Chingford .
" This shopping ! " she exclaimed in her diary in 1946 after a wonderful set - piece account of the sheer time - consuming tensions and frustrations involved in trying to procure a rabbit from her local butcher .
" All housewives are fed up to the eyebrows with it . "
It was not a situation that brought out the best in everybody .
" Considering the rationing of the people she certainly looked well fed , " rather unkindly reflected Mary King , a retired teacher in Birmingham , after the visit of the Queen ( the future Queen Mother ) to that city in November 1945 , while the following summer , when Mass Observation asked people in Chelsea and Battersea whether they would be willing to give up some of their food for those starving in Europe , the reply of one working - class woman – " I would n't go short on half a loaf to benefit Germany " – was all too typical .
Even so , what I found striking – and reassuring – as I went through the diaries and other contemporary records was the extent to which people , above all women , simply got on with things , often through the application of much resourcefulness .
" The ration this week , of chops , contained some suet , " noted Haines soon after VE Day .
" Good !
Chopped it and wrapped it in flour for future suet pudding . "
Or take the equally indomitable Marian Raynham in Surbiton on a Wednesday in July 1947 : " Had a good & very varied day .
Went to grocers after breakfast , then on way home in next door , then made macaroni cheese & did peas & had & cleared lunch , then rest , then made 5lbs raspberry jam , got tea & did some housework , listened to radio & darned ...
In bed about midnight . "
For many , whether they liked to admit it or not , part of the coping involved a covert use of the black market .
Here there was a fascinating change of attitude as the dreary years went by .
At first , as a legacy of the war , the general sense of a shared national purpose , involving equality of sacrifice , meant it was demonised , along with the spivs who ran it , even if sometimes there was no alternative but to use it .
But by the late - 1940s , as the peacetime rationing and shortages continued interminably and that sense of shared purpose waned , so the spiv became an increasingly acceptable figure – epitomised by the rising variety and radio star , Arthur English , " The Prince of the Wide Boys " , with his white suit , huge shoulder pads and flowery kipper tie .
" Sharpen up there , " ran his catchphrase , " the quick stuff 's coming , " and a weary nation at last found something funny in austerity .
Two fundamental , timeless lessons emerge from the whole experience .
First , that most people will broadly accept straitened times if they are genuinely convinced of their necessity and that there is no alternative .
Second , that social cohesiveness during such an unwelcome turn of events will rest to a large degree on the extent to which the pain is administered on an equitable , transparent basis .
Even so , should the economic downturn prove severe , it is still likely to be a psychic shock for anyone under , say , the age of 40 , for whom the austerity years are not even a folk memory .
The process will be a huge challenge to the legitimacy of our democratic political system , though not inconceivably may do wonders to strengthen and reaffirm that rather frayed legitimacy .
Personally , I have one modest hope .
Snoek ( pronounced " snook " ) was a vaguely mackerel - type South African fish imported in huge quantities in 1947 - 1948 by the Ministry of Food and given a huge publicity campaign , including a recipe for a concoction to go with salad immortally called snoek piquante .
So disgustingly dry and tasteless did almost everyone find it , however , that millions of tins were left unsold , eventually used as pet food .
Should snoek make a comeback , I would welcome the chance to try it – once , anyway .
' Austerity Britain , 1945 - 1951 ' , by David Kynaston , is published by Bloomsbury at £ 25
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2008 December 20
Solstice at Newgrange
Credit : Photograph by Cyril Byrne - courtesy of The Irish Times
Explanation : Tomorrow 's solstice marks the southernmost point of the Sun 's annual motion through planet Earth 's sky and the astronomical beginning of winter in the north .
In celebration of the northern winter solstice and the International Year of Astronomy 2009 , you can watch a live webcast of the the solstice sunrise from the megalithic tomb of Newgrange , in County Meath , Ireland .
Newgrange dates to 5,000 years ago , much older than Stonehenge , but also with accurate alignments to the solstice Sun .
In this view from within the burial mound 's inner chamber , the first rays of the solstice sunrise are passing through a box constructed above the entrance and shine down an 18 meter long tunnel to illuminate the floor at the foot of a decorated stone .
The actual stone itself would have been directly illuminated by the solstice Sun 5,000 years ago .
The long time exposure also captures the ghostly figure of a more modern astronomer in motion .
To watch the live webcast follow the indicated link below .
The webcast is planned to go live at 0830 coordinated Universal Time ( for example , at 3:30 am Eastern Time in the US ) tomorrow , Sunday , the 21st .
Regular readers will recall the confused mess that is this government ’s cannabis policy .
There has been a drop in cannabis consumption since it was downgraded from Class B to C , but nevertheless they want to put it back up to Class B again .
Yes , we know all about the argument that what you ingest is entirely your business , it being your body and all that but morals are always trumped by politics .
In the comments section to our last piece the general consensus was that the policy was driven either by a craven servility to the Murdoch press or , as a daring alternative , a bending to Daily Mail woo woo .
The general consensus however was that it was Puritanism , that awful fear that someone , somewhere , might be enjoying themselves and that this situation cannot be allowed to continue .
We ’re arguing over whose Puritanism , not whether .
There was one vaguely respectable argument that could be put forward on the prohibitionist ’s side , that of cannabis induced schizophrenia .
This has been increasing even as the general incidence of schizophrenia has been stable ( or even falling , depending upon who you ask ) .
That the rise was on the order of 500 people a year means it ’s not a very important point , not when compared to 3 million regular tokers , but there are still those who will buy the argument that people should be stopped from harming themselves , even if the risks are very low .
There is certainly a correlation , but we should still want to know about causation before we take any further action .
For it is possible , and it is a view advanced by some ( like myself last time ) , that those who are about to become schizophrenic dose themselves on cannabis as they are known to on alcohol and any other substance that comes to hand to still the voices .
Or perhaps there ’s a milder version , that cannabis induced psychosis is n’t in fact cannabis induced at all , but is simply coincidental : that it ’s an early marker of schizophrenia rather than something brought on by cannabis itself .
When we try to test this we also want to be very careful indeed about our sample groups .
We really do n’t want to be making the mistake that the World Health Organisation has been making with HIV testing in sub-Saharan Africa .
Testing pregnant women to give you the incidence of a sexually transmitted disease in the general population really ain't all that clever : you ’re testing the one group of the population where you have actual proof that they ’ve been partaking in unprotected sex .
It might be useful to get an idea of scale , but it 's just not going to be all that accurate .
Fortunately , all of this is just what some scientists have done ( sadly , the full paper is not online for free access ) .
We know that there is a genetic predisposition to schizophrenia ( more accurately to three different conditions that we'll , for convenience sake , group together here ) .
If we ’re lucky we can also find a decent data set which we have indeed got , some 2.25 million Danes born between 1955 and 1990 , and we know both their own treatments for either cannabis induced psychosis or for those varied schizophrenic type diseases .
We can also track their familial relationships and see which of them did or did n’t suffer in these manners .
Excellent , we can now try to test our correlation .
Do people who have had cannabis induced psychotic episodes then go on to develop schizophrenia at a higher rate than their genetic predisposition ( as evidenced by their familial incidence of schizophrenia ) would lead us to believe they would ?
Well , looking at the 609 who had treatment for such pot induced freakouts and those 6,476 who were treated for the full blown nastiness , well , umm , no .
Formally :
In terms of estimated rate ratios , persons who develop cannabis - induced psychosis are as predisposed to schizophrenia spectrum disorder and other psychiatric disorders as those who develop schizophrenia spectrum disorder without a history of cannabis - induced psychosis .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
First Minister Alex Salmond has appeared on BBC Scotland 's Children in Need in the guise of famous comic misanthrope the Reverend I M Jolly .
The dour minister created by the late Rikki Fulton was a popular fixture in the Hogmanay TV schedules with his catchphrase " Ah've had a helluva year " .
Mr Salmond said his evangelical crusades went down well in Glasgow East - slightly less well in Glenrothes .
He said : " I preached ' Yes , we can ' , the people replied , ' Nah , we didnae ' . "
Addressing the nation from his armchair , the first minister said : " Dearly beloved fellow Scots - and Gordon Brown .
The Reverend I M Jolly was a character played by Rikki Fulton
" It is at times of great fiscal strain and hardship that we turn to the Bible for words of comfort and solace .
" Take Genesis : And God said ' Let there be sky - and those who can afford Sky can watch the best fitba ' .
" And the Lord also said ' Let there be light ' - but he changed his mind when the leccy bill came in . "
Mr Salmond also poked fun at his predecessor as first minister , Jack McConnell .
The SNP leader said : " I 'd also like to thank him for the present of fish he left for me in Bute House - under the floorboards .
" Moira and I had a great time too , replacing all the light bulbs he'd taken with him . "
The first minister concluded his message : " Please dig deep , it 's for the weans . "
The final Children in Need total raised in Scotland was £ 1,751,780 .
And … there was also a caffeine update .
Well , mid October there was an update to Panda – somewhere in there was a Vince update and then caffeine saw an update in early November .
Did you notice a change in the search results ?
Do you feel like they ’re better or worse ?
I ’ve had several sites that have “ fluctuated ” through these updates , some better , some worse .
One or two were dramatically worse .
I do n’t seem to be alone in seeing some impact and here ’s a summary of what the issue is and what to do about it .
Panda is about lowering the importance of sites that are thin in content .
It has been easy to rank sites without much content for some time .
Just throwing a few back links ( in many cases also thin on content ) and you could do quite well .
Read the rest of this entry »
It was a dose of tough love that President - elect Barack Obama offered the American auto industry Monday .
America should n't let the auto makers " vanish , " he said at a news conference .
But the auto companies should get help , he added , only when they show a better plan for pulling out of their downward slide .
It seems the only love auto makers can get from Washington these days is of the tough variety -- and from some quarters they can't get even that .
All told , the auto industry is seeing its political support crumple like a ...
Cherries Reduce Body Fat In Rats
Eat tart cherries to help keep off excess weight ?
CHICAGO , IL , October 26 
New research continues to link tart cherries , one of today 's hottest " Super Fruits , " to lowering risk factors for heart disease .
In addition to lowering cholesterol and reducing inflammation , the study being presented by University of Michigan researchers at next week 's American Dietetic Association annual meeting , found that a cherry - enriched diet lowered body weight and fat  major risk factors for heart disease .
Maybe the inflammation reduction causes a change in signaling that reduces body weight .
In the study , at - risk , obese rats that were fed a cherry - enriched diet saw significant decreases in body weight and fat ( especially the important " belly " fat with known risk for heart disease ) while maintaining lean muscle mass .
After twelve weeks , the cherry - fed rats had 14 percent lower body fat compared to the other rats who did not consume cherries ( cherry - fed rats were approximately 54 % body fat ; rats eating the Western diet alone were 63 % body fat ) .
The researchers suggested cherry consumption could have an effect on important fat genes and genetic expression .
According to the American Heart Association , being overweight or obese , in particular when the weight is concentrated in the middle , is a major risk factor for heart disease .
Nearly two out of three Americans are overweight .
The animals were fed a " Western diet , " characterized by high fat and moderate carbohydrate  in line with the typical American diet  with or without added whole tart cherry powder , as 1 percent of the diet .
The study was funded by the Cherry Marketing Institute , which provided an unrestricted grant to the University of Michigan to conduct the research and was not directly involved in the design , conduct or analysis of the project .
Interview with John Bellamy Foster for the Norwegian daily Klassekampen ( posted from MRzine with permission ) , conducted on October 15 , 2008 .
Klassekampen :
Is the credit crisis a symptom of overaccumulation of capital ?
It seems to me that investments worldwide , but especially in the United States , were funneled into the traditionally " safe " housing market following the bursting of the dotcom bubble .
This overinvestment in turn generated a new bubble , thus causing today 's havoc .
Is this correct ?
JBF : Yes , I agree that this is due to what might be called an overaccumulation of capital in a number of senses : an overbuilding of productive capacity ( physical capital ) in relation to a demand constrained by monopoly within what economists call the " real " ( as opposed to financial ) economy , an overamassing of profits and wealth at the top of society , and a hypertrophy of financial claims to wealth .
In terms of the financial crisis itself , there has been a massive , highly leveraged expansion of money claims to wealth , creating a huge debt overhang , and forcing , at this moment , a massive devaluation of capital .
All of this is related , however , to the breakdown of the capital formation process , accumulation proper , in an increasingly stagnant real economy .
These are contradictions of what I have called the phase of " Monopoly - Finance Capital " ( Monthly Review , December 2006 ) .
* * *
[ Read more on the capitalist economic crisis HERE . ]
* * *
The bursting of the dot.com or New Economy bubble in 2000 resulted in what has been dubbed " the great bubble transfer " whereby the bursting of the New Economy bubble compelled the US Federal Reserve to lower the main interest rate it controls ( the Federal Funds rate ) , leading to a new and more massive bubble based in home mortgages , the dangers of which were apparent early on ( see " The Household Debt Bubble , " Monthly Review , May 2006 ) .
This involved an enormous expansion of consumer debt despite the fact that real wages had been stagnant in the United States since the 1970s creating an unstable situation .
It also involved the need on the part of capital to book ever increasing profits from finance , achieved through securitisation of every form of what had previously been individual debts -- especially home mortgages .
This in turn led to the extension of mortgage financing to riskier and riskier customers under the theory that new " risk management " techniques had devised the means ( hailed -- bizarrely -- by some as the equivalent of the great technological advances in the real economy ) with which to separate the weaker from the stronger debts within the new securities .
These new debt securities were then " insured " against default by such means as credit - debt swaps , supposedly reducing risk still further .
This was the ideology behind the housing bubble .
( See " The Financialization of Capital and the Crisis , " Monthly Review , April 2008 . )
To what can capital turn now ?
Will it generate another bubble in even " safer " areas , such as natural resources ?
Food ?
I must admit that western financial capital does not seem to be very geographically expansive at the moment , but could this change ?
I do n't think capital has anywhere to turn in the immediate situation , that is , there is no hope for restarting accumulation right now .
One hears all the time about the creation of new bubbles , and certainly since financialisation is how capital in the monopoly - finance phase has sought to combat stagnation , this is a natural enough question to ask .
But it is often treated as though bubbles , i.e. major speculative episodes within the more ongoing financialisation process , can be based on anything whatsoever .
Historically , however , such speculative bubbles in the advanced capitalist economies are based in the stock market and real estate .
Neither is likely to be expansive at present .
We are in a period in which a massive wiping out of value is taking place , which will eventually , as in all such occasions in the history of capitalism , create the basis for renewed accumulation .
But the process has to work its way out first .
Right now we can say that there is a crisis of financialisation on top of stagnation , pulling the economy doubly down .
A speculative bubble in natural resources or food is hard to imagine since these are known to be the most volatile areas in which to invest ; right now commodity prices are dropping rapidly in response to world recession , increasing fears of deflation , and placing third world economies especially in danger .
The system has geographically expanded throughout its history and in recent decades , but is coming up against limits in this regard today .
Just think of the massive depeasantisation of the world that we have seen in the past few decades , perhaps the greatest movement of peoples in all of human history , in effect a whole new set of enclosures on a global scale .
China 's enhanced role in the world economy , indeed the only significant sustained source of growth in the global economy for more than a decade , on balance seems not to have increased the stability of the system -- if anything the reverse .
Geographically , and in terms of imperialism , we are up against the kind of absolute limits of capitalist expansion pointed to by Rosa Luxemburg .
This also has an ecological aspect to it .
The best analysis I know of this problem is an article by Jason Moore entitled " Ecology and the Agrarian Question in World - Historical perspective , " which we are publishing in the November 2008 issue of Monthly Review , though the work of Harvey and Wallerstein in this area is also crucial .
Our very own Svein Gjedrem , chief of the Norwegian central bank , has confirmed that this crisis is the worst since the thirties .
Just a year before he and other experts reassured us that the subprime crisis was " an American phenomenon " and would " quickly pass . "
Why does modern economics fail to predict such cataclysmic events ?
The fact that we are confronted with the worst financial and economic crisis in the advanced capitalist world since the 1930s is an empirical fact that no informed individual at this point doubts .
The failure to predict in the era of monopoly - finance capital and financialisation has to do with a number of factors , including the psychology of all speculative booms throughout the history of the system .
As Marx observed in Capital , " Business is always thoroughly sound , and the campaign in full swing , until the sudden intervention of the collapse " ( Capital , vol. 3 , chapter 30 ) .
With respect to economic theory , one can point to the deficiencies of orthodox or neoclassical capitalist economics , which has no way of understanding these things within its fundamental model .
Basically , it assumes a kind of non-relation between what it calls the " real economy " and the money or financial economy .
The belief is that what goes on in the realm of credit / finance is meant to service the real economy , providing it with needed financing ( and financial services generally ) .
But beyond that what happens in this realm ( the amassing of money claims to wealth ) has no actual connection to the underlying economy , and operates by its own principles .
Nor , for that matter , do orthodox economists normally deal with the real economy in any meaningful historical sense .
The fact that finance was lifting the whole economy was of course known at some level , but the underlying stagnation tendencies in the latter , apparent since the 1970s , were conveniently ignored as long as profits kept on going up .
Part of the problem is that mainstream economics has long left behind its relatively rational stage ( abandoning even Keynes ) and adopted a whole series of inane doctrines such as monetarism , supply - side economics , rational expectations theory , new classical economics , etc .
When this crisis hit , the dominant perspective of central bankers in the United States , led by Federal Reserve Board Chairman Ben Bernanke ( an academic economist who had specialised in monetarist interpretations of the Great Depression ) , was that it was simply a problem of liquidity and that you could drop money from helicopters , if need be ( a notion of Milton Friedman 's , promoted by Bernanke , earning the latter the nickname " Helicopter Ben " ) .
Needless to say , the sheer stupidity exhibited by a theory premised on assuming equilibrium within the context of an irrational system of competitive , unregulated , and indeed institutionalised greed is at all times hard to fathom .
Neoclassical economics has long ceased ( at least in its theoretical assumptions ) to be political economy , and its practitioners have therefore long dispatched any notion of class , power , etc. from their analysis , replacing these with largely meaningless abstractions .
Indeed , this is so much the case that in business circles neoclassical economics is often viewed as useless in any real - world terms , including the making of money .
Nor do they grasp dialectical connections , having adopted timeless mechanical models .
In contrast , the weaknesses of orthodox economics in all of these respects represent the strengths of Marxian political economy .
Marx 's analysis is that under capitalism , the productive forces are shackled by the productive system .
Today , viable businesses are going bankrupt because of lack of credit from the financial sector .
Is this a sign of increasing conflict between productive and unproductive forces ?
When the workers have to pay for the bailout of aggressive banks , is this a form of " primitive accumulation " ?
Has the financial system outplayed its role in furthering production ?
The crisis is a clear illustration of the point that productive forces are shackled by the existing relations of production ( i.e. , class , property relations ) .
In the present case , the combination of stagnation in the real economy and the imperative of ever increased accumulation of capital , demanded by the capitalist relations of production , led to accelerating concentration of profit in the financial sector .
In recent years in the United States , over 40 % of all profit in the entire economy was concentrated in monopolised finance .
But these booked profits were ultimately based on the assurance of future payments by workers ever more squeezed in the stagnating real economy .
Then the payments on subprime debt faltered , and as a result of the completely opaque securitisation process , no one knew which debts were bad and which were good .
At the same time , the illusion that derivatives constituted " insurance " against default completely evaporated -- indeed it turned out to be the equivalent of adjoining house owners insuring each other against fire when the whole neighborhood burns down .
Credit markets froze because the banks and other financial institutions were ceasing to lend since the borrowers could not be counted on to pay them back .
The banks themselves were insolvent , their capital had disappeared , and they could not pay their current debts , were they forced to do so .
Under these circumstances , no matter how many hundreds of billions of dollars in liquidity were poured into the financial sector , nothing happened .
All those with money , including the banks , were hoarding .
The US was printing dollars like mad and flooding the financial sector with liquidity , but rather than loaning out money capital the banks were stuffing it in their vaults , or more precisely using it to purchase Treasury bills , creating a kind of revolving door that negated the attempts of the government .
Faced with an insolvency crisis , and the prospect not of making money but of being presented with claims they owed but could not pay , the banks did exactly what Keynes had said they would do under such circumstances : they simply hoarded cash .
At present , the authorities have prevented a complete meltdown ( in the US version of a plan adopted with some variation by all the advanced capitalist countries ) by injecting capital directly into banks in return for preferred stock ( a partial nationalisation of banks ) , guaranteeing new debt of banks , and increasing deposit insurance .
In the United States alone this is estimated potentially to cost $ 2.25 trillion -- far beyond the $ 700 billion bailout of a couple of weeks ago ( New York Times , October 15 , 2008 ) .
This is a desperate attempt to stop the financial avalanche .
This is all part of the present financial crisis .
But , as you point out , the problem goes much deeper , and there has not yet been any serious attempt anywhere to deal with the real economy , and the relation between it and speculative finance .
In broad terms , it makes sense to speak not so much of a conflict between productive and unproductive capital as between production and finance , in a context of what we now understand as a dialectic of stagnation and financialisation .
The classic statement of the problem can be found in Harry Magdoff and Paul Sweezy 's essay " Production and Finance " in their book Stagnation and the Financial Explosion , published in 1986 .
More recently , you can look at my essay , " The Financialization of Capitalism " ( Monthly Review , April 2007 ) .
I do n't think it is much help to call the bailing out of banks by workers through taxpayer funds " primitive accumulation . "
The latter concept has a very specific meaning in classical economics and Marxian theory , related to the laying of the foundations for a capitalist system of self - perpetuating accumulation .
Rather , the forcing of wage earners to carry the responsibility for more debt , which is used to justify further cutbacks in government programs that benefit the vast majority of people at the bottom , should be seen more straightforwardly as a means of increasing the rate of exploitation through the medium of the state , and of redistributing income and wealth from the poor to the rich .
Capital has innumerable ways , including of course unemployment , for transferring the costs of a crisis onto the backs of workers and all of these techniques will be used .
Marx once ironically said ( in Capital ) that the only part of the national wealth that belonged to everyone in the society , including the working class , was the national debt .
The national debt , serviced mainly by those at the bottom of society , then becomes the means of supporting the national wealth in private hands .
As for bailing out capital , this is the first rule of capitalism in every crisis .
There is nothing new about this , only the scale of the problem .
In asking whether financial system has " outplayed its role in furthering the system , " you are getting to the crux of the matter .
The essential problem , focusing particularly on the US situation , is this .
There has been a creeping economic stagnation since the 1970s .
Growth rates have been gradually slowing over the decades ( with of course cyclical ups and downs within the larger trend ) .
Looking decade by decade , utilisation of plant and equipment ( productive capacity ) has been dropping , the number of jobs ( particularly good jobs ) has been disappearing , real wages have been stuck , household debt has been rising , net investment has faltered , income and wealth inequality has been increasing .
In the United States today the top 1 percent of wealth holders own twice as much as the bottom 80 percent ( if we were talking about financial wealth , i.e. excluding equity in owner - occupied housing , it would be four times ) .
Under these circumstances , characterised by rising rates of exploitation , what has mainly kept the system going is the financial explosion , which through the " wealth effect " ( a term used for the fact that people tend to consume part of any increase in equity , whether in homes or stocks , especially if they think the market goes only one way -- up ) has been the main force spurring the economy .
There are other factors , of course .
Thus actual US spending on the military in 2007 was $ 1 trillion , helping to put a floor under the economy ( " The US Imperial Triangle and Military Spending , " Monthly Review , October 2008 ) .
But the financial explosion was the main means of lifting the system .
That appears to be all over for the time being , with what will likely be an extended crisis of financialisation ; and that means that stagnation tendencies , never far below the surface , are resurfacing in a big way .
US consumption ( which accounts around 70 percent of US GDP and is critical to world demand ) is plummeting , and with it nearly everything else .
We should not spend time worrying about the capitalist class .
The real pain is going to fall on the working class in the advanced capitalist countries , and even more so those in the poorer and " emerging " countries .
We ( meaning the left ) should be devoting our efforts to helping those whose needs are greatest at the bottom of the economic pyramid , rather than seeking to fix a broken system ( even if it could be fixed ) .
Ultimately , it is a political and a class question .
It is a new historical moment , when the working class everywhere , especially in the advanced capitalist states , may at last be compelled by circumstances to begin to fight back -- and in ways that go against the logic of a predatory system that is tearing down the whole world and the world 's people with it .
Monthly Review .
This interview was conducted on October 15 , 2008 , for a story being written for the Norwegian daily Klassekampen ( Class Struggle ) dealing with Marxist views of the crisis .
The interview is provided here in full .
[ John Bellamy Foster is editor of .
This interview was conducted on October 15 , 2008 , for a story being written for the Norwegian daily ( Class Struggle ) dealing with Marxist views of the crisis .
The interview is provided here in full .
It appeared first atand posted at Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal with permission . ]
In a swiftly moving catastrophe that seemed as familiar as it was shocking , Southern California once again was besieged by flame Saturday , from Orange County to Santa Barbara , with hundreds of homes consumed by three major wind - driven fires , including one of the most devastating blazes ever to strike the city of Los Angeles .
FOR THE RECORD :
Oakridge Mobile Home Park :
An article in Sunday ’s Section A about the Southern California wildfires said that portions of the Oakridge Mobile Home Park in Sylmar had burned in the 1992 Northridge earthquake ; the earthquake was in 1994 . —
At least 30,000 people were ordered to evacuate their homes amid smoke that blew like stinging fog through wind - ravaged canyons .
Major freeways , including Interstate 5 and the 91 and 71 freeways , were closed , making escape tricky for some .
More than 500 mobile homes were destroyed at a community in Sylmar ; and about 100 houses and apartments were damaged or destroyed in Riverside and Orange counties .
The numbers were expected to grow .
Authorities focused overnight on flames rapidly pushing northwest through Chino Hills State Park , where they posed a threat to neighborhoods in Carbon Canyon and Chino Hills .
Officials ordered evacuations in the area .
Remarkably , there was no new loss of life reported .
On Friday , a 98 - year - old man died while being evacuated in Santa Barbara , where fire destroyed multimillion - dollar homes .
There were at least 11 injuries reported Saturday , including four firefighters in Riverside County who were briefly overtaken by flames , and five firefighters were injured in Sylmar .
It was a day of record heat and low humidity throughout the region , with a high of 93 in downtown Los Angeles .
A wind advisory remained in effect for portions of the region through this morning .
Fire erupted at about 9 a.m. in Corona , in Riverside County .
Dubbed the Freeway Complex fire -- it started near the westbound 91 Freeway not far from the 71 Freeway -- the blaze damaged or destroyed 16 homes in Corona before following the Santa Ana Canyon into Orange County .
It destroyed or damaged at least 30 homes in Yorba Linda , then spread to Anaheim Hills , igniting at least 10 homes and 50 apartments .
By nightfall , it had scorched nearly 6,000 acres and was just 5 % contained .
“ The embers are falling miles ahead of the fire front , ” said Kris Concepcion , a battalion chief with the Orange County Fire Authority .
“ That ’s what is creating a lot of the problems , and the wind is a challenge . ”
One of those fires swept through the Cascade Apartments near Santa Ana Canyon Road in Anaheim Hills , a 250 - unit complex set into a hillside , where apartments rent for as much as $ 2,000 a month .
By Saturday afternoon , a thick layer of smoke hung over the apartments .
One resident huffed and puffed as he marched through it .
“ I gotta get my dog out , ” he growled , without interrupting his stride .
Wearing flip - flops , he slogged through puddles left by fire hoses and vanished into the haze .
Firefighter Patrick Ochoa , a veteran of numerous major fires in Southern California who was among the first responders to the Freeway Complex fire , said he could recall no fire as difficult to fight .
“ Nothing has been as devastating in O.C. as this , ” he said .
“ This is horrendous . ”
In Yorba Linda , wind - driven embers ignited at least five homes on one block of San Antonio Road , and firefighters were struggling to keep the fire east of Fairmont Boulevard , which divides Yorba Linda roughly in half .
Streets struck particularly hard by the fire included Hidden Hills Road , Mission Hills Lane and Stonehaven Drive .
A separate fire a few miles north in Brea severely damaged Brea Canyon High School , a continuation school .
More than 20,000 people were ordered to evacuate the Orange County burn area , sometimes under treacherous conditions .
Bobby Johnson , 18 , of Yorba Linda left on the 57 Freeway , driving through fire on both sides of the road .
“ It was a valley of flame , ” he said .
Portions of the 91 , 71 and 55 freeways and the 241 toll road were closed , as were freeways in Los Angeles County , including portions of Interstate 5 and the 14 and 210 freeways .
The fire in Sylmar , known as the Sayre fire , began late Friday night and swept through the Oakridge Mobile Home Park , parts of which had burned after the 1994 Northridge earthquake .
The toll appeared to be the largest number of housing units lost to fire in the city of Los Angeles , surpassing the 484 residences destroyed in the 1961 Bel - Air fire .
On Saturday , Oakridge was a broad panorama of ash and twisted metal .
Broken water lines gushed and sprayed like artesian wells .
When Fernando Corral , 44 , decided to return to his family ’s mobile home community , he knew exactly where to go .
Standing about 200 yards from the main entrance and leaning against a small chain - link fence , Corral , his wife , and son Jonathan , 13 , looked directly at their destroyed home .
“ Pretty , is n’t it ? ” he asked as he turned his head away from the blowing ash .
A few feet away lay a charred piano songbook , “ Beautiful Dreamer . ”
“ I never liked that song , ” Jonathan Corral said .
“ It was too hard . ”
Some 10,000 people were evacuated overnight , and late Saturday morning their worst fears were realized during a briefing at Sylmar High School by the Los Angeles Fire Department :
The fire had begun at 10:30 p.m.
Friday , cause unknown .
It had spread over some 3,000 acres .
There was no containment and , with temperatures rising into the 90s and wind gusts of about 50 mph , the flames were spreading with “ great devastation , ” said fire Capt .
Steve Ruda .
Many in the room had watched TV coverage that vividly depicted the windblown firestorm .
“ The television , ” Ruda said , “ does not do justice to what firefighters are dealing with . ”
Firefighters later began to contain the fire , which had spread to 8,000 acres by Saturday evening .
They described it as a blaze of unusual ferocity .
“ I ’ve been on 31 years in the city of Los Angeles and have not seen anything like this , ” said Michael Bowman , a battalion chief for the Los Angeles Fire Department .
He described the scene at the mobile home park at 2 a.m. , when firefighters were rousting people from their beds to evacuate in the midst of the firestorm .
Bowman said he and three other people found a 300 - pound disabled woman , trapped in her home .
“ Between the four of us , we were able to take the woman out of the house as fire was breaking the glass , ” Bowman said .
He demurred when asked whether arson was the cause .
“ We do n’t know what actually happened here , ” he said .
The Los Angeles Police Department said it had made five arrests in the fire zone , at least two of them on charges of looting , but none that were related to arson .
“ We ’re not aware of anyone being questioned about the cause of the fire , ” said Capt .
John Incontro .
By Saturday afternoon , residents were returning to survey the damage by trudging down a dusty trail and peering over a four - foot wall into the mobile home park .
City Councilman Richard Alarcon , who represents the area , was at the wall , talking to constituents .
He shook his head .
“ I never had a fire chief come up to me and apologize with tears in his eyes before .
He said , ‘ We stayed as long as we could .
We did everything we could . ’ ”
Added Alarcon : “ I have the highest number of mobile homes in the city in my district -- at least I did before this fire . ”
The fire affected electrical transmission lines carrying power over the Newhall Pass .
For about 45 minutes Saturday morning , the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power imposed rolling blackouts through portions of the city to cope with a reduced electrical supply .
Earlier , Olive View - UCLA Medical Center in Sylmar , which sustained some fire damage , suffered a crippling power shortage that forced the hospital to quickly evacuate 18 critically ill infants and nine other patients .
Olive View relies on three sources of power -- the main line from DWP , an on - site power plant and a backup generator .
All of them failed in quick succession , for apparently unrelated reasons , beginning about 2 a.m. officials said .
The fire caused no damage to the hospital ’s main building , but some surrounding property was destroyed , including a garage , two ambulances , and several trailers housing medical and finance records .
Early Saturday , Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger toured burned areas above Santa Barbara , where the Tea fire had destroyed 111 homes and continued to threaten 1,500 others .
It was 40 % contained by Saturday evening .
“ When you walk around the area that was destroyed , it looks like hell , ” Schwarzenegger said after his tour , speaking to reporters at the Earl Warren Showgrounds .
“ I feel awful for the people whose homes were destroyed . ”
He declared a state of emergency in Los Angeles and Orange counties , adding to his previous declaration for Santa Barbara County .
louis.sahagun@latimes.com
mike.anton@latimes.com
mitchell.landsberg
@latimes.com
Contributing to this report were Times staff writers Tami Abdollah , Esmeralda Bermudez , Andrew Blankstein , Ari B. Bloomekatz , Bettina Boxall , Rich Connell , Jason Felch , Christopher Goffard , Scott Gold , Jeff Gottlieb , Corina Knoll , Rong - Gong Lin II , Alicia Lozano , Seema Mehta , Brady MacDonald , Nathan Olivarez - Giles , Bob Pool , Margot Roosevelt , Catherine Saillant , Jason Song , Garrett Therolf , My - Thuan Tran , James Wagner , Dan Weikel , Ruben Vives , Kimi Yoshino and Alexandra Zavis .
The Tough Times Have Only Begun By Paul Craig Roberts
“ The prospects of a government rescue for the foundering American automakers dwindled Thursday as Democratic Congressional leaders conceded that they would face potentially insurmountable Republican opposition , ” reported The New York Times last Friday .
Wow !
The entire country is steamed up over the Republicans bailing out a bunch of financial crooks who have paid themselves fortunes in bonuses for destroying America ’s pensions .
Why do Democrats want to protect Republicans from further ignominy by not giving them the opportunity to vote down a bailout for workers ?
Quick , someone enroll the Democratic Party in Politics 101 .
GM ’s divisions in Canada and Germany are asking those governments for help .
It will be something if Canada and Germany come through for the American automaker and the American government does n’t .
Conservative talking heads are saying GM is a “ failed business model ” unworthy of a $ 25 billion bailout .
These are the same talking heads who favored pouring $ 700 billion into a failed financial model .
The head of the FDIC is trying to get $ 25 billion - - a measly 3.5 percent of the $ 700 billion for the banksters -- with which to refinance the mortgages of 2 million of the banksters ’ victims , and Bush ’s Secretary of the Treasury Paulson says no .
Why are n’t the Democrats all over this , too ?
Apparently , the Democrats still think they are the minority party or else their aim is to supplant the Republicans as the party of the rich .
Any bailout has its downsides .
But if America loses its auto industry , it will lose the suppliers as well and will cease to have a manufacturing sector .
For years no - think economists have been writing off America ’s manufacturing jobs , while deluding themselves and the public with propaganda about a New Economy based on finance .
A country that does n’t make anything does n’t need a financial sector as there is nothing to finance .
The financial crisis has had one good effect .
It has cured Democratic economists like Robert Reich and Paul Krugman of their fear of budget deficits .
During the Reagan years these two economists saw doom in the “ Reagan deficits ” despite the fact that OECD data showed that the US at that time had one of the lowest ratios of general government debt to GDP in the industrialized world .
Today Reich and Krugman are unfazed by their recommendations of budget deficits that are many multiples of Reagan’s .
Moreover , neither economist has given the slightest thought as to how the massive budget deficit that they recommend can be financed .
Both recommend large public spending programs .
Krugman puts a price tag of $ 600 billion on his program .
If it takes $ 700 billion to save the banks and only $ 600 billion to save the economy , it sounds like a good deal .
But this $ 600 billion is on top of the $ 700 billion for the banks , the $ 200 billion for Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , and the $ 85 billion for AIG .
These figures add to one trillion five hundred eighty - five billion dollars , a sum that must be added to the budget deficit due to war and recession ( or worse ) .
What we are talking about here is a minimum budget deficit of $ 2 trillion .
The US has never had to finance a deficit of this magnitude .
Where is the money coming from ?
The US Treasury does n’t have any money , and neither do Americans , who have lost up to half of their savings and retirement funds and are up to their eyeballs in mortgage and consumer debt .
And unemployment is rising .
There are only two sources of financing : foreign creditors and the printing press .
I doubt that foreigners have $ 2 trillion to lend to the US .
Thanks to the toxic US financial instruments , they have their own bailouts to finance and economies to stimulate .
Moreover , I doubt that foreigners think the US can service a public debt that suddenly jumps by $ 2 trillion .
At 5 percent interest , the additional debt would add $ 100 billion to the annual budget deficit .
In order to pay interest to creditors , the US would have to borrow more money from them .
Economists and policy - makers are not thinking .
This enormous financing need comes not to a well - managed economy that can take the additional debt in its stride .
Instead , it comes to an economy so badly managed that there are no reserves .
Massive US trade deficits have been financed by giving up US assets to foreigners , who now own the income flows as well .
Budget deficits from 6 years of pointless wars and from unsustainable levels of military spending have helped to flood the world with dollars and to drive down the dollar ’s exchange value .
Consumers themselves are drowning in debt and can provide no lift to the economy .
Millions of the best jobs have been moved offshore , and research , design , and innovation have followed them .
Considering America ’s dependency on imports , part of any stimulus package that reaches the consumer will bleed off to foreign countries .
Generally , when countries acquire more debt than they can service , they inflate away the debt .
If foreign creditors do not save the Obama administration , the Treasury will print bonds and give them to the Federal Reserve , which will issue money .
The inflation will be severe , particularly as Americans will not be able to pay for the imports of manufactured goods from abroad on which they have become dependent .
The exchange value of the dollar will decline with the domestic inflation .
Once inflation is off and running , the printing press dollars will only have goods made in America to chase after .
The real crisis has not yet begun .
Paulson should rethink the automakers ’ and FDIC ’s proposals .
A bank produces nothing but paper .
Automakers produce real things that can be sold .
Occupied homes are worth more then empty ones .
Paulson ’s inability to see this is the logical outcome of Wall Street thinking that highly values deals made over pieces of paper at the expense of the real economy .
Paul Craig Roberts was Assistant Secretary of the Treasury in the Reagan administration .
He was Associate Editor of the Wall Street Journal editorial page and Contributing Editor of National Review .
Roberts can be contacted at [ email protected ]
Subscribe to American Free Press .
Online subscriptions :
One year of weekly editions — $ 15 plus you get a BONUS ELECTRONIC BOOK - HIGH PRIESTS OF WAR - By Michael Piper .
Print subscriptions : 52 issues crammed into 47 weeks of the year plus six free issues of Whole Body Health : $ 59 Order on this website or call toll free 1-888-699-NEWS .
Sign up for our free e-newsletter here - get a free gift just for signing up !
* Updated * to reflect modifications to the ORM ( No “ Model ” suffix ; fractured in Types , Functions , Relations )
These are very early days for Turbinado , so much change is going on …
But here ’s a quick tutorial on putting together a poor man ’s page editor / manager in Turbinado .
### Build Turbinado
* Warning !* : With 6.10 ’s changes in dynamic plugins , Turbinado only builds with GHC 6.8 right now .
Fixing this is next up in the dev queue .
You ’ll need to have the following packages installed to have a go at installation :
– GHC 6.8 *( darcs ) *
– haskell - src-exts *( darcs ) *
– harp *( darcs ) *
– hslogger *( git ) *
– encoding *( darcs ) *
– hsx *( darcs ) *
– hs-plugins *( darcs ) *
– http *( darcs ) *
– HDBC *( git ) *
– HDBC - PostgreSQL *( git ) *
** Grab the code **
git clone git://github.com/alsonkemp/turbinado.git
** Build it **
With all of the packages installed , wait for a new moon , stand on tip- toes , and do the following :
runghc Setup.lhs configure runghc Setup.lhs build
### Configure It
cp Config/ App.hs.sample Config / App.hs cp Config/Routes.hs.sample Config/ Routes.hs
Edit App.hs and Routes.hs to taste .
### Create the Page table
CREATE TABLE page ( title character varying NOT NULL , content text NOT NULL , _id character varying ( 255 ) NOT NULL PRIMARY KEY , ) ;
Updated : added PRIMARY KEY which is needed by the ORM generator .
### Generate the ORM models
runghc scripts / GenerateModels
You should now have an interesting file or two in App / Models .
The files are organized as follows :
* App / Models / Bases / Comment.hs – all base Models inherit this .
* App / Models / Bases / AbcXyzType.hs – the representation of the database table * abc_xyz * .
Do n’t edit this !
It ’s autogenerated and your changes will get ignored on the next gen .
* App/Models / Bases / AbcXyzFunctions.hs – CRUD functions on * abc_xyz * .
Do n’t edit this !
It ’s autogenerated and your changes will get ignored on the next gen .
* App /Models / Bases / AbcXyzRelations.hs – functions on tables related to * abc_xyz * .
Do n’t edit this !
It ’s autogenerated and your changes will get ignored on the next gen .
* App / Models / AbcXyz.hs – the user configurable area of the AbcXyz .
By default this just imports the above three tables .
All of your custom * find* , * insert * and * update * methods go here .
A big shout out to .netTiers for pointing the way on building a code - generator ORM .
### Create your Layout
Just as in Rails , the Layout usually defines the majority of your sites page structure .
See here for the Layout used for turbinado.org .
### Create your Page controller
The controller handles the request and sets up ViewData for the View to render / display .
This little Page controller has the following functions / methods / actions :
index : list all Pages .
show : render one Page .
new : display a blank Page form .
create : take the submission of the ‘ new ’ action .
edit : display an existing Page in a form for editing .
save : take the submission of the ‘ edit ’ action .
Full version here .
Here ’s a snippet :
-- ' id ' is an important function name in Haskell , so I use id ' for the Page 's " id " .
There 's got -- to be a better solution --
This is the generated ORM for the ' page ' table in the database .
import qualified App. Models .
Page --
Index lists out all of the pages -- setViewDataValue is used to store data for retrieval by the View .
Idea lifted from ASP.
NET -- http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/magazine/cc337884.aspx index :: Controller ( ) index = do pages <- App.Models.Page.findAll --use ORM goodness to get all pages setViewDataValue " pages - list " $ map ( \p -> ( title p , _id p ) ) pages --
Show shows one page -- Notes : -- *
The " id " is parsed from the request 's path and put into the Settings .
-- See : http://github.com/alsonkemp/turbinado-website/tree/master/Config/Routes.hs -- * getSetting returns a " Maybe a " .
getSetting_u is the unsafe version and returns just the " a " .
show :: Controller ( ) show = do id ' <- getSetting_u " id " p <- App.Models.Page.find id ' setViewDataValue " page - title " ( title p ) setViewDataValue " page - content " ( content p ) -- snip -- save :: Controller ( ) save = do id ' <- getSetting_u " id " _title <- getParam_u " title " _content <- getParam_u " content " p <- App.Models.Page.find id ' App.Models .Page.update p {title = _title , content = _content} redirectTo $ " / Page / Show / " ++ id '
### Create Your Views
This Controller requires 4 views :
* Index
* Show
* New
* Edit – this could probably be the same as New .
See here for pre-built views .
Here ’s the “ Index ” view ( note : * this is n’t very sugary and that makes me ** sad * * *) :
page = < div > < h1 > Page Index </h1 > <% do ls <- getViewDataValue_u " pages - list " :: View [ ( String , String ) ] mapM indexItem ls %> </div > -- fugly , but I 'm still getting used to HSP - like templating indexItem ( t ,i ) = return $ cdata $ unlines $ [ " < div style= ' padding : 0pt 5 px ; ' > " , " < a href= \ " / Page / Show / " ++ i ++ " \ " > " , " " ++ t , " < /a > " , " < /div > " ]
Here ’s the “ Show ” view and it ’s * pretty sugary * :
page = < div > < h1 ><% getViewDataValue_u " page - title " :: View String %></h1 > <% getViewDataValue_u " page - content " :: View String %> </div>
### Run It
Start up Turbinado :
dist/build/turbinado/turbinado -p 1111
Browse to it : http://localhost:1111/Page/Index ( it ’ll take a couple of seconds to compile the Model , Controller and View )
### Examples !
There ’s still lots of work to do on the ORM and on Documentation .
As the code base matures , both should progress .
Examples are a nice way to drive development forward and to engage the community , so let me know if you ’d like to see anything in particular demonstrated and I ’ll try to implement it .
Lady Antebellum CMA New Artist of the Year ( Video )
Lady Antebellum performed their hit single Love Don't Live Here at the 42nd Annual CMA awards in Nashville last night and then received the coveted honor of being awarded New Artist of the Year - a very big night for the talented trio .
Group members include Charles Kelley , Dave Haywood and Hillary Scott who spoke for the group saying : " It was humbling .
We do not take this lightly at all .
We have so much to prove . "
Lady Antebellum formed in 2006 .
Scott is the daughter of 1990's country singer Linda Davis .
Charles Kelley is the brother of pop artist Josh Kelley .
Jim Brickman tapped the trio to sing on his 2007 single Never Alone .
They also sang a song on MTV series The Hills .
The two projects brought Capitol Records knocking on the door .
They released their first single Love Don't Live Here Anymore in September 2007 and the album by the same name in April 2008 .
They released their second single Looking For a Good Time in June 2008 .
The group toured with Martina McBride in 2008 as the opening act on her Wake Up Laughing Tour .
Check out Love Don't Live
Here video below - a live performance from the Grand Ole Opry .
My Dad has recently gotten into BBQ .
I think I can convince him that this is a good idea , somewhat along the lines of smoking salmon , no ?
Honestly , I 've always wondered about this one .
Cheers to Popsci .
Next on " Time Warp " ......
Having already eclipsed MySpace in terms of worldwide traffic , Facebook is continuing to make gains in the US .
The social network added nearly another million monthly visitors in September according to Nielsen Online , bringing its total to 39.9 MM uniques .
With MySpace ’s traffic stagnant at 58.4 MM uniques , Facebook is now more than 2/3rds the size of MySpace for the first time in the Nielsen report .
Stats elsewhere paint a similar picture .
Compete has an even closer race : 54.9 MM to 44.6MM , while Quantcast measures 66.8 MM for MySpace and 45.2 MM for Facebook .
Here ’s the comparative trend graph from Compete :
While we ’ve known of this trend for a while , one interesting item to note : while Facebook continues to add visitors , MySpace is n’t really losing them – their traffic has hovered around 60 MM uniques for most of this year .
That implies that users are n’t necessarily leaving MySpace for Facebook , but rather , Facebook is reaching new demographics that MySpace was unsuccessful with previously – most likely , adults .
Nielsen Online ’s full report for October is embedded below :
Genders and Drop- down Menus
Dear Silicon Valley ,
First of all , I do n’t know if I ’ve told you this lately , but I love you .
We do great things here , and this life is pretty damned fun .
You ’ve taken very good care of me , introduced me to brilliant people , given me the tools to stay connected with a world of friends , and even started paying my rent .
I ’m forever grateful that we found each other .
And I have a favor to ask .
I ’m noticing that the stuff we make here — these websites and tools and communities — can influence the rest of the world pretty significantly .
It used to be that only the geeks were using the Internet , but now it ’s becoming “ pretty much everybody . ”
And here ’s the powerful thing : when a website is considered “ good , ” whatever that website displays as content , images , default settings , or options is considered “ normal ” by its users .
You have the power to influence “ normal . ”
I could give you examples , but I know you already know what I ’m talking about .
The favor I want to ask is this : please think about how you ’re handling race and gender on your websites .
Just look at it .
You do n’t have to change anything .
Just make a mental note in your head about what your saying to your users about the importance of race and gender , and the categories that exist for them .
I ’ll give you a hint :
If you ’re still asking about race in a required drop - down menu , you ’re way behind .
Because doing it that way says to a user :
You have a race .
It ’s really important to me .
It ’s one ( and only one ) of these listed here .
Seriously , I really do n’t think you ’re doing this , because it would be horribly weird .
My friend with the half - Jamaican - half - Chinese father and Irish immigrant mother would either laugh hysterically at you or be extraordinarily offended .
“ You want me to tell you what ?
WHY ?? ”
The way we build a profile page matters .
You get that it matters .
So … this next part ’s gonna sound a little weird , but hear me out for a minute .
I think gender is taking the same path as race .
It ’s still visually defining , but people are starting to acknowledge that there are grey areas .
And those grey areas are growing .
There ’s a longstanding argument that “ male ” and “ female ” are a biologically - defined and relevant way to split our population in half .
But if you ’ve ever met a feminine man or a masculine woman , you know that these categories are way too rough to mean anything more than a stereotype sometimes .
It goes deeper than that .
For example , within lesbian communities , “ butch ” and “ femme ” have been considered separate genders for awhile now .
Yes , they ’re both female ( well , sometimes ) , but they have different roles both in the community and in relationships ( except when they do n’t , which is true for any gender ) .
There ’s also a growing presence of people who are living today as a different gender than the one they were assigned at birth .
Sometimes you notice them and sometimes you do n’t .
( Hint :
You wo n’t know how many you are n’t noticing — that ’s the point . )
There are people born intersex — with the biological features of more than one gender ( and there are more of these than you might expect ) .
And you may have noticed this in cities and among young people — there ’s also a growing presence of folks whose genders you just ca n’t identify .
Some of them , if you ask them respectfully , will tell you they feel like both genders .
Or neither gender .
Or a gender that needs a new name .
They might answer to both “ he ” and “ she , ” or they might prefer something different .
They ’re in - between , and that ’s where they belong .
Just for a minute , try to imagine yourself in the shoes of someone who has spent a lifetime feeling just as uncomfortable in the men ’s locker room as in the women ’s locker room — for whatever reason .
Imagine having to dress in clothing that just feels wrong to you , everyday , because you know it means you ’ll be treated better than you would if you wore what you like .
Imagine walking through the world knowing that everyone ’s first assumptions about how you see yourself , who you love , and what feels right for you are completely wrong .
Now imagine signing up for a cool website , and then being required to select an option from a drop - down menu that does n’t include anything that represents you .
If you do n’t decide to close the browser window right then and there , you ’ll probably pick the gender of the restroom you still use in public when you have no other choice ( even though people might stop you to tell you you ’re in the wrong one no matter what ) , and you ’ll feel defeated .
You ’ll want to argue that whatever they think they ’re learning from that drop - down menu , it ’s not really true .
You ’ll want to tell them that they ’re adding to your humiliation by making you do this .
You ’ll want to tell them that they ’re missing a huge part of you by boiling this rich and beautiful characteristic down into a two - option drop - down menu .
Okay , you can come back now .
That ’s all I needed from you — just to think about it .
The truth is , there are no perfect solutions to this problem right now .
Gender is still relevant ( except when it ’s not ) and drop - downs are still the cleanest way to gather data ( except when they ’re not ) .
To quote Facebook ( a site that ’s only sort of doing it wrong ) , “ It ’s complicated . ”
So just keep an eye out .
Be aware of what you ’re calling normal .
Make a mental note of who it might be excluding .
Make conscious choices about how you handle things .
And please remind the web developer in the next cubicle to do the same .
Thanks and love ,
Sarah Dopp
Click to viewAmazing stories need great characters .
And when you 're writing a story set in a futuristic or fantastical world , it 's more important than ever for readers to be able to relate to your characters .
It 's also harder than ever , because your characters ' lives and experiences will be totally different than your readers ' .
How do you make people identify with someone who lives in the future , or on another planet ?
How can your main character stand out , against a bizarre and colorful backdrop ?
We asked six great science fiction authors for their advice .
Get to know them as individuals , rather than types .
If your characters are cut off from all the present - day cultural references , like " lawyer who went to Harvard , " then it 's even more important to think of them as individuals , says Elizabeth Bear , Campbell - and Hugo - winning author of Carnival and Undertow .
" Try very hard to know them as people , " she urges .
" That goes for any setting , past or present or future - or alternate reality . "
In particular , you should think , " ' This is a person who happens to have the following traits , and all that they imply , ' rather than ' this is a nuclear physicist who grew up in Iowa . ' "
Advertisement
Try making your characters scientists .
Or at least , have them be obsessed with stuff that 's relavant to your storyline , advises Kim Stanley Robinson , Hugo - and Nebula - winning author of the Mars trilogy and the Science In The Capital series .
Having scientists as your characters lets you " explore the setting and the character at once . "
And it helps if your characters obsess about the mysteries and explanations in your story .
They can also be obsessed with a planet , spaceship , new procedure or alien .
Base them on people you know .
The most realistic characters are often based closely on your friends or people you 've met , says Rudy Rucker , Philip K. Dick - winning author of the - Ware novels and Postsingular .
That goes double for your aliens , A.I.s and robots , he adds .
It 's always better to copy your friends than to lift from " received ideas about how SF characters might behave .
Who wants to see yet another a humorless talking head with a BBC accent ?
The absolute worst thing in Matrix III was when Keanu gets to the virtual office of the Big Computer Mind , and he meets , like , a tweedy professor with a white beard .
Ugh !
At the very least it should have been a fat hacker in a T - shirt , preferably high on pineal extract . "
Also : to make your characters stand out , try having them say quirky , unexpected things .
" Forget your Star Trek memories , and remember your wild and crazy friends - the ones who say things that Make No Sense , " Rucker advises .
Give them a thought - out world .
The more carefully thought out the world you 're placing your characters into , the more we 'll be able to believe that they live there , says Tobias Buckell , author of Sly Mongoose .
And that also makes it easier to " contrast them against this imaginary place . "
Advertisement
Figure out what they love , and what they fear .
Try to find what drives your characters , including what they want and need , Bear urges .
And understand what traumatizes them .
" I tell people I like to know what they'd want on their tombstone : that seems to give me a really good handle on who they are . "
She adds :
Characters we can relate to have fears and damage , but moreover , for me they have to be devoted to something - an ideal , a person , whatever .
Even villains become much more sympathetic when we 're introduced to whatever it is that they love .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Kage Baker , author of the Company novels , agrees : " It is n't the way a person relates to his hovercar that makes him memorable ; it 's what 's going on in his heart . "
No matter what planet or time you 're living in , there will be " certain constants in human existence : struggle against poverty , rebellion against authority , love and desire , loneliness , curiosity .
Any reader can relate to those . "
Make sure your character has loves and hatreds that readers can see themselves in , and the rest will take care of itself .
Do n't aim for larger - than - life - and overshoot .
One pitfall with science fiction characters is that authors sometimes make their characters " bigger than life , or archetypal " to let them compete with the big , brash colorful worlds they live in .
A common mistake is veering past archetypal , all the way into " over the top , or maybe somewhat cliche . "
If you do try for archetypal characters , think of the classics from all genres , like Sherlock Holmes ' quirky genius or Captain Ahab 's drive .
Advertisement
Do n't obsess too much about setting and toys .
If you spend pages and pages on dense descriptions of your settings and how exactly your hovercar works , you 're distracting the reader from your characters , says Baker .
It 's enough to say " He climbed into his hovercar " and your reader will get the idea .
You do n't need to give a geography lesson : " They were sitting in the courtyard drinking fire - palm wine " or " She trudged back from the well , balancing her water jar " or " They looked out across the desert and saw the yellow mountains of Califia before them " all give brief , intense impressions of a place , without stopping the narrative in its tracks or drawing focus from the main character .
Advertisement
Find out who 's hurting .
If your story involves a new situation or technological breakthrough , figure out who suffers as a result - maybe that should be your main character , says Robinson , quoting from Damon Knight ( who was quoting James Blish in turn . )
Advertisement
Keep your characters grounded .
The stranger the setting , the more ordinary your characters should be , says Terry Bisson , Hugo - and Nebula - winning author of Bears Discover Fire .
" For example , in my most recent story , the narrator ' had a job and an apartment , but that was all . '
The story was n't about the setting but about the character . "
Your characters should be " totally convinced they live in the present , rather than the future .
Because , of course , it IS the present to them , " says David J. Williams , author of The Mirrored Heavens .
Make sure your world , and your characters , both have a believable past , that anchors their present .
" As Gibson said , the future 's already here , it 's just unevenly distributed .
Same is true for the past : it 's always with us , but sometimes beneath the surface .
How one handles that is the key to character . "
For all you Wall - E fans out there , iRobot has now made a Wall - E edition Roomba 530 available today .
Unfortunately the robot is only being released in Japan and at a cost of about $ 850 .
For that price we will just stick with getting the movie .
Head on over to Disney to play some Wall - E games such as Pop ! or Trash Tower .
Or buy the movie from Disney here in it ’s many variations , including a special 3 disc edition for $ 34.99 .
Or head over to Amazon for the remote control Wall - E for around $ 40 .
Or get the Ultimate Remote control Wall - E from Disney for about $ 240 .
So many Wall - Es , so little time .
Update : Disney , Wall - E & NASA are letting kids 6 - 12 name the next Mars rover !
Check out all the details here .
Link via ( Gizmodo )
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mzh7017SKaQ[/youtube]
Now this is the type of woman all men should want to marry .
Even after a hard loss to end what was supposed to be a magical season , this Cubs couple have their priorities in order .
Stick with this video until the end where Cubs chick explained what was going to happen after Saturday ’s loss .
* Plenty of profanity so you ’ll want to turn down the volume at your work cubicle .
12847423802543462
Last weekend at Santacon in San Francisco , Santa ’s Little Secret Service was hard at work protecting luminaries like Jesus Christ and Frank Chu .
E. D. W. Lynch has some background info on the Santa ’s Little Secret Service which was first deployed during Santacon 2006 .
More photos can be found in the Santa ’s Little Secret Service Flickr group .
An ideological battle has erupted between George Bush and Barack Obama , with the outgoing President baulking at proposals to prop up General Motors , once the world 's largest car maker , which could go bust by Christmas .
Despite the smiles for the cameras at the White House on Monday , a tense stand - off is flaring between the two .
It is testing Mr Obama 's assertion that " we only have one president at a time " and his desire to stay out of Mr Bush 's way in the remaining two and a half months of his presidency .
With car sales collapsing in a steadily worsening economy , the President - elect wants to avoid the prospect of tens of thousands of Democrat - voting union workers being thrown out of work just as he starts his term of office .
According to one account of their Oval Office discussions , Mr Obama asked Mr Bush to use some of the billions of dollars in the financial bailout package to prop up the car industry .
Economists are already warning that if GM goes broke it could bring down the rest of the economy and tip the world into a much - feared depression .
Mr Bush seems determined to play hardball by refusing the car industry access to any of the $ 700 bn ( £ 450 bn ) financial rescue package agreed by Congress , say sources quoted by The New York Times and Associated Press .
Hand - over meetings between incoming and outgoing presidents are traditionally confidential and Mr Bush was reported to be furious over leaks from the Obama camp , perceived as undermining his remaining days in office .
As Mr Bush sees it , he has one last opportunity to secure a legacy as a champion of free trade , and he reportedly tied the Democrat 's request for billions of taxpayer dollars for the failing car industry to a controversial trade deal with Colombia .
The White House denied Mr Bush had suggested a " quid pro quo " but confirmed that he had spoken about the " merits of free trade " .
Mr Obama has already voted to block the Colombia deal in the Senate because of widespread human rights abuses against union workers .
He seems ready to call Mr Bush 's bluff , calculating that the outgoing President is so unpopular that he will buckle rather than be accused of driving a stake through the heart of an iconic , century - old American company .
GM has watched helplessly as US consumers stop buying gas - guzzling Cadillacs , Hummers and Chevrolet pick - ups in favour of hybrid and other more fuel - efficient vehicles .
With no money coming in , the company has burnt through cash reserves so quickly that its share price yesterday fell below $ 3 for the first time since 1943 and Wall Street analysts have started to predict that shares in the company could actually be worthless .
Last week , Mr Obama called the car sector " the backbone of American manufacturing " .
The three big makers , GM , Ford and Chrysler , have operations across America and if they collapse , it would devastate the economy .
The estimates are that three million jobs would be lost , counting the car - workers , their suppliers and even the hot - dog sellers outside the factories .
Even Mr Obama 's generosity towards the car companies has its limits .
As part of his energy and environmental plans being drafted with the help of Al Gore , he wants to ensure taxpayers ' money is spent wisely in a way that helps reduce dependence on imported oil and fights climate change .
He asked Mr Bush to quickly release $ 25 bn which has already been agreed to help companies retool to make more fuel - efficient cars .
Mr Gore is advising that " we should help America 's automotive industry to convert quickly to plug - in hybrids that can run off renewable energy that will be available " .
Car companies have lobbied hard to block higher fuel - efficiency standards which average 17 miles per gallon .
The big three say they need immediate unrestricted access to cash just to meet their wage and supplier bills .
The Michigan - based Centre for Automotive Research has warned that the price of their failure would reach as much as $ 156bn in lost taxes and extra costs of health care and unemployment assistance .
Another problem Mr Bush and Mr Obama now face is that the bailed - out financial companies have come back for more money .
On top of that , the country 's credit - card industry is grinding to a halt .
Even American Express has its hand out for taxpayer money .
This week , it joined commercial banks and became eligible for rescue funds .
The credit - card giant is in danger of collapse because millions of Americans have failed to repay debts run up to fund consumer - driven lifestyles .
The Bush administration has spent all but $ 60bn of the first half of the bailout funds and only this week had to cough up more money for the insurance giant , AIG .
Belfast Telegraph
EXCLUSIVE :
MIAMI
The Republican Party will file federal lawsuits Thursday seeking to overthrow the McCain - Feingold federal campaign finance regulations , Republican National Committee Chairman Robert M. “ Mike ” Duncan revealed Wednesday night at a private dinner with the nation ’s Republican governors .
The move is considered a slap in the face of the Republican Party ’s failed 2008 presidential candidate , Sen. John McCain of Arizona , who was dramatically outspent by Democrat Barack Obama , and of President Bush , who signed McCain - Feingold into law in 2002 .
“ We will bring two federal suits tomorrow to strengthen the Republican Party , ” Mr. Duncan told The Washington Times .
Mr. Duncan said one suit will be filed in the District of Columbia to strike down the soft - money ban that is the central tenet of the McCain - Feingold Act — formally known as the Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act of 2002 .
“ Soft money ” is largely unrestricted contributions from wealthy individuals , corporations and labor unions .
The second suit will be in a Louisiana federal court to strike down the limits under the law Mr. McCain co-sponsored with Sen.
Russ Feingold , Wisconsin Democrat , that control coordination between parties and their candidates .
“ It prohibits us from spending over $ 84,000 in coordination with a candidate in a congressional race , ” Mr. Duncan said .
“ That means we have to find some group to raise and spend money but without any coordination ” with the candidate , his campaign or the RNC .
“ That does not allow for a unified message , ” he said .
“ We do n’t think there is anything corrupting about coordinating with a candidate . ”
McCain - Feingold helped Republicans in 2004 , when Mr. Bush , under the increased hard - dollar contribution limits in the bill , set what was then a campaign fundraising record in his successful re-election bid .
Hard - money contributions are lower - amount donations — $ 2,300 per election to individual candidates , with a higher limit for political parties — that can be spent on any election activity .
But the coordination limits hamstrung Republican efforts to aid their candidate this year .
They were unable to make up for the financial difficulties of Mr. McCain , who lost the Nov. 4 election in part because the senator from Arizona chose to take taxpayer financing for his general election campaign , limiting himself to spending $ 84 million while his Democratic opponent was free to raise and spend as much as he wanted .
Mr. Obama raised upwards of $ 600 million in the primary and general election , at least half of which was available in his battle with Mr. McCain .
Mr. Obama ’s haul allowed the Democratic National Committee to use nearly all $ 221 it raised through Oct. 15 in races that helped increase the party ’s control of Congress .
During the campaign , Mr. McCain had said he would try to strengthen the law and criticized Mr. Obama for undermining the system .
The Supreme Court in 2003 upheld the limits on coordination and the ban on soft money , rejecting a challenge brought by Sen. Mitch McConnell , Kentucky Republican .
Soft - money donations are unlimited in amount , but McCain - Feingold bans their use for most party activities and limits their use by outside interest groups .
It was unclear Wednesday why Republicans thought their new challenge would be successful .
The McCain - Feingold restrictions led to the expansion of the use of independent expenditure groups such as “ 527s ” — so named for the provision in federal tax laws — that have been used with devastating effect by such groups as the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth , which is credited with helping derail the presidential bid of Sen.
John Kerry , Massachusetts Democrat , and MoveOn.org .
“ We have had plenty of time to see how the law works and the court will conclude it is being administered in an unconstitutional manner , ” Mr. Duncan said .
Mr. Duncan is in the middle of a fight to retain his RNC post , with several state party chairmen and national committeemen campaigning for support from the Republican governors assembled here for their annual meeting .
Seventeen of the nation ’s 21 Republican governors are here , and will be discussing the criteria for choosing the next chairman .
Mr. Duncan said the timing of the suits had nothing to do with his potential re-election bid at the RNC ’s annual winter meeting in January .
He said James Bopp Jr. , a constitutional lawyer and RNC member from Indiana , will be the attorney of record in the suits .
Mr. Duncan said the suits are being filed now because “ we have more experience now in how the finance laws work ; we will be working with governors races in Virginia and New Jersey next year ; and we have redistricting in the states coming up . ”
“ If we ca n’t take non-federal [ soft ] money to help get these things done , we will be at a severe disadvantage , ” he said .
Mr. Duncan said he has not had time to think about running for re-election amid a runoff election for a Senate seat in Georgia and a recount for a Senate seat from Minnesota .
“ I do n’t feel any urgency to announce a run for re-election , ” he said .
“ I have to do my job first . ”
Mr. Duncan led the RNC in raising more than $ 315 million for this year ’s campaigns , winning the admiration of Republican candidates and state Republican Party officials and outperforming Howard Dean ’s DNC fundraising performance .
About $ 53 million was used to bolster Mr. McCain ’s bid .
So far , the RNC has spent more than $ 12 million in direct and coordinated funds for the National Republican Congressional Committee and the National Republican Senatorial Committee , both of which lagged far behind their equivalent Democratic committees .
The RNC also spent hundreds of millions of dollars in a combination of direct , “ hybrid , ” independent expenditure and get - out - the - vote efforts for the McCain campaign .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
The government refuses to reveal how much it paid for the commission
Enlarge Image
An intricate ceiling painting worth 18 m euros ( £ 15 m ) has been unveiled at the United Nations offices in Geneva .
The coloured dome took Spanish artist Miquel Barcelo more than a year to produce , using 100 tons of paint with pigments from all over the world .
He worked with architects and engineers to develop the extra-strength aluminium for the dome .
However , the Spanish opposition party has criticised the country 's government for spending some public money on it .
The Spanish Foreign Ministry said the government and private donors helped pay for the artwork .
Of the public money , 500,000 euros ( £ 421,425 ) came from a budget for overseas development aid and international organizations like the United Nations .
The Popular Party said that meant money which should have been spent on alleviating poverty was instead used to pay Barcelo .
The ministry insisted the funding for his work had been separate .
However , a news conference with Barcelo and Spain 's foreign minister was cancelled in Geneva on Tuesday .
' Immense heat '
I have no doubt that people will come to see it whether they have business here or not
UN Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon
The artist recently revealed the inspiration behind his brightly coloured abstract .
" On a day of immense heat in the middle of the Sahel desert , I recall with vivacity the mirage of an image of the world dripping toward the sky , " Barcelo said .
" Trees , dunes , donkeys , multicoloured beings flowing drop by drop . "
As the work was unveiled , UN Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon thanked Barcelo for putting his " unique talents to work in service of the world " .
He added : " The artwork you have created for this room is innovative and radiant .
" I have no doubt that people will come to see it whether they have business here or not . "
The artwork can be found on the ceiling of the Human Rights and Alliance of Civilizations Room .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Pictured :
The rare plant that towers over owner 's house after Britain 's barmy weather causes it to grow 25 ft in ' a few weeks '
For more than a quarter of a century , it had been nothing more than a clump of spiky leaves .
Then the plant suddenly burst through the centre and grew and grew and grew , shooting up 25 ft in a matter of weeks and bursting into yellow - green flowers .
It towers over owner Hermione Morrison 's house and is so tall that even when she leans out of her bedroom window she still cannot touch the top of it .
Scroll down for more
Day of the triffids : Hermione Morrison looks at the giant Agave plant which now towers over her home
The extraordinary specimen is an Agave , commonly known as a Century Plant because of the curious life - cycle which sees it flower once after decades of being dormant .
Native to Mexico 's deserts , the plants are now common in the Mediterranean .
Mrs Morrison , 70 , planted hers in her garden in Helston , Cornwall , in 1982 after she brought it back as a seedling from a holiday in Gibraltar .
As the years passed , she wondered if she would ever see it flower as Agaves can take up to 70 years before the spectacular eruption occurs .
Experts believe Britain 's unpredictable weather may have prompted hers to flower after a relatively modest 26 years .
She said : ' I did n't give it any special treatment .
I just left it and it was a surprise to see it flower after so long .
' They can take years and years to flower and I thought I might never see it happen .
But this year it 's been growing several inches a day .
' I knew it would be big but I had no idea it would grow taller than my house .
It 's absolutely massive . '
Agaves only flower once before the original plant dies .
During flowering a tall stem or ' mast ' grows from the centre of the leaf rosette and bears a large number of short tubular flowers .
A spokesman for the Royal Horticultural Society said the plant may have reacted to a series of mild winters which has protected it from frost .
He said : ' The plants build up their resources over the years and when strong enough shoot up a great big stem .
This uses up all its energy and it dies .
' The run of mild winters seems to have effected agaves which is consistent with what we 'd expect from climate change .
' Normally they would be happier in hotter climates such as Spain or Portugal but mild winters here are protecting them and allowing them to flourish . '
Agaves are used to make tequila in their native Mexico .
The flowers , leaves , the stalks and the sap - which is known as ' honey water ' - are all edible .
Posted by Sir Cucumber at on Wednesday , November 12 , 2008
Doomeru was still in high school when PC games were worth mentioning , and you always knew he was playing Mechwarrior by the footsteps pounding from his subwoofer .
Before our folks split dad bought him zoids from Forbidden Planet , which he assembled using instructions written in Japanese while watching Tootsie and The Great Dictator on Betamax .
I , on the other hand , could n't even manage a lego truck .
I 've never understood the appeal of giant robots .
They 're slow , clunky , and make a lot of noise .
I expect their insides have less leg room than tanks and smell like sweaty farts .
But robots require even more love and care than cats or dogs , and nothing puts a smile on my face more than a good session of inventory management , so how could I say no to Front Mission ?
Royd ?
My name is Royd ?
Are you kidding ?
Even though it was ported to the DS last year , I do n't feel this SNES classic can be fairly comared to present standards -
Perhaps if they'd thought to let you skip animations this time around , but they did n't .
Front Mission was all the rage in its day though , as was stock footage , so to judge it fairly , let me take you on a trip back through time ...
...1995 ... A new era of global prosperity begins with formation of the World Trade Organization ...
Microsoft empowers a generation with the open - ended flexible information platform Windows 95 ... Justice prevails as a wizened jury of his peers acquits OJ Simpson ...
Here I come to save the daaaaaay !
Yes , it was a period of great enlightenment in our history , far ahead of its most current games : Command & Conquer , Jagged Alliance , Worms , Warhawk , Warcraft II , Descent , Dark Forces , Chrono Trigger , Zoop , Tekken , Twisted Metal ... Truly a simpler , more backward time for gaming ...
Front Mission added a few new layers of complexity to typical turn - based combat .
Players must make the difficult choice between developing their skills in short or medium - ranged weaponry , which are effective but allow for enemy counterattacks , or long - ranged weaponry , which are equally effective but do n't allow for enemy counterattacks .
Get it off get it off !!!
Characters learn how to " aim " attacks from either medium or long range , but you get no control over which range they 'll master , and no sign of which range it will eventually be .
After spending the first half of the game firing blindly at your enemy , with no sense or strategy as to where you 'll hit them , you get another tough choice of shooting at a target 's legs , left or right arms , or body .
Destroying a mech 's legs makes it less mobile , but not immobile .
Destroying a mech's arm makes it unable to use the weapon in their hand , but not the weapon in their other hand , or the weapon on their other shoulder .
What was the other choice to shoot at ?
Oh , right , the " body . "
Destroying a mech 's body makes it dead .
Then you have to choose which weapon to use .
Every mech can carry an acceptable gun with infinite bullets in each hand , and a long - ranged launcher on each shoulder with superior firepower but limited ammunition .
This might be an issue if you were n't accompanied by an ammo truck , and the combined arsenal of your eleven - mech squad did n't outweigh that of the entire Republican Guard .
The real fun comes between missions .
That 's when you take the constant supply of money you could never possibly exhaust and discerningly upgrade your mech by comparing a vast array of body parts to see which one is more expensive .
You then repeat the process for every other character worth dragging along .
Successively more decadent parts become available after each mission , but cheaper ones never drop off the list and there is no way to scroll through more than one item at a time , so this process only worsens with each passing day .
Continue buying progressively stronger bodies , or keep the one that makes you look like a big daddy ?
Oh the choices , the choices !
While your mechs are in the shop , you can also give them custom paint jobs to express their unique personalities .
And considering they 'll probably all have the same expensive parts , it 'll be the only way to tell them apart .
Until you run out of colors .
Then it gets a little tricky .
My trip through time reminded me that it does n't matter how big or shiny your suit is , but what 's inside it .
And if we are made up of the choices we 've made , how do we begin to look when constantly presented with only one conceivable option ?
Much like all the other robots , I suppose .
sometimes I 'm just not sure who I am anymore ...
By Dave Hitt on Oct 24 , 2008 in Atheism , Featured , Religion , Things Atheists Didn't Do
Here ’s a list of things atheists did n’t do over the past month or so .
An Atheist did not set fire to his 11 year old niece for wearing lipstick .
She has burns over 90 % of her body and is not expected to survive .
No atheist decreed it was OK to kill the owners of Satellite TV stations that broadcast “ immoral ” content .
That was a Islamic Cleric who also said Mickey Mouse should be killed .
Atheists know that Mickey Mouse is n’t real either .
Atheists did not vandalize the homes of a half dozen politicians in Minnesota .
They did n’t spray paint threats and a reference to Psalms 2 on their homes .
Atheists did n’t rape a nun in India .
That was Hindus , who have also killed 30 people and left thousands homeless in their attacks on Christians .
Atheists did not gun down an aid worker in Afghanistan .
That was , of course , Muslims .
But hell , she was a woman , so they probably only consider it half a murder ( which means they ’ll have to work harder to fill their monthly quota . )
No atheist announced that women should now be limited to a one - eyed veil .
That as an Islamic holy man .
It was n’t an atheist court who sentenced a man to death for asking about woman ’s rights in class .
That was , of course , a Muslim court .
But they changed their mind , and now he ’s only sentenced to twenty years in prison .
Allah is merciful .
Atheists do n’t punish women for being raped .
But if you ’re an Islamic rape victim who ca n’t find four men to testify they witnessed the crime , you ’ll be beaten if you ’re single and stoned to death if you ’re married .
Imagine how nasty the punishment would be if Islam was n’t the religion of peace .
No atheist teacher burned crosses into his students arms .
And I ’ll bet you a fine cigar or the refreshing beverage of your choice that the students that rallied to support him were n’t atheists either .
Meanwhile , what do you get from atheists ?
Tasty , tasty bacon !
Enjoy the real success with cdl test and ccna voice online training programs and latest lsat practice questions .
Also prepare for next level with quality of 000-080 and 000-957 .
Ruby の callcc というと 、
現在の Ruby の Continuation は欠陥品で、まともに利用できないシロモノです。具体的には、dynamic-wind 相当の機能がありません 。
(略)
ちなみに、dynamic - wind 相当の機能を入れるのは、拡張ライブラリを全部 callcc safe にする作業に相当しますので、現実的じゃないんじゃないかなぁ、と思っています。 ruby - dev:30988
という話があって、 「 そっかー欠陥品なのかー 」
「直すのも難しいのかー」と悲しんでいました。
が、dynamic - wind を実装するだけなら広範囲の修正は不要なことに気がつきました。つまり直すのは簡単。というエントリ。
その前に : dynamic - wind とは dynamic - wind とは、継続呼び出しで指定した範囲に突入したり脱出したりするときに起動するハンドラを設定する関数です。
3 つの proc を受け取って、基本的にはそれらを順に呼び出します。 dynamicwind ( proc { p : before } , proc { p : thunk } , proc { p : after } ) 真ん中の proc を継続呼び出しで脱出すると、普通は callcc のところへ一気に飛びますが、dynamicwind を使っていると最後の proc が実行されます。 callcc do | c | dynamicwind ( proc { p : before } , proc { c.call ; p : thunk } , proc { p : after } ) end つまり継続による脱出の場合でも、ファイルの close のような後始末ができるようになります。文法は全然違いますが、ensure 節みたいなものです 。
逆に、真ん中の proc へ継続呼び出しで突入するとき、最初の proc が実行されます。 dynamicwind ( proc { p : before } , proc { callcc {| c | $ c = c } ; p : thunk } , proc { p : after } ) $ c .call これによって、再突入する際に前処理 ( 再入禁止のチェックなど ) ができます 。
基本的にはこれだけです。細かいことは R6RS や、guile や gauche のマニュアルなどを見てください 。
Ruby での実装 これをどうやって実装するかというと、callcc の定義をちょっと書き換えて、こうします。 require " continuation " Stack = Struct .new ( : fst , : snd , : next ) $ top = Stack . new ( nil , nil , nil ) alias callcc_orig callcc def callcc mark = $ top callcc_orig do | ctn | yield proc {| ret | switch ( mark ) ; ctn.call ( ret ) } end end def dynamicwind ( before , thunk , after ) mark = $ top switch ( Stack [ [ before , nil ] , [ nil , after ] , mark ] ) thunk.
call ensure switch ( mark ) end def switch ( mark ) return if $ top .equal ? ( mark ) switch ( mark.next ) fst , snd = mark.fst , mark.snd fst.first.call if fst. first $ top . fst = snd $ top . snd = fst $ top . next = mark $ top = mark $ top . fst = nil $ top . snd = nil $ top . next = nil fst.last.call if fst.last end 言葉では説明しにくすぎるのですが一応説明しますと、ポイントは switch の fst と snd です。dynamic - wind の範囲に入るときと出るときに fst と snd を入れ替えます。これによって、dynamic - wind の範囲の外にいるときは fst =「 before の proc」、snd =「 after の proc」であり、中にいるときは fst =「 after の proc」、snd =「 before の proc」であるようになってます。よって call されるのは常に fst の方 。
あと switch によって $ top と mark の参照が巧妙に入れ替わり 、switch 後は $ top が mark の後ろを指している感じです。気合いでわかってください。
C での実装 まだやってません。が、上記の実装のように、 今の callcc をちょっと変え る
dynamicwind と switch を実装す る
struct rb_thread_t に $ top 相当のフィールドを持たせる だけでできるはずです。拡張ライブラリやその他広範囲にわたる変更は必要ありません。ないはずです。後でちゃんとやる。
影響範囲 callcc が 「 欠陥品」でなくな る
callcc が若干遅くなる ( が、もともととても遅いので誤差範囲 )
callcc を使わない限り影響はない ( 恒常的な速度劣化などはしない )
dynamic - wind で callcc が安全になるか dynamic - wind は 「 継続呼び出しによる脱出や再入の際に前処理や後始末をする機構」を提供するだけです。なので、外部ライブラリが dynamic - wind を使って脱出や再入の対策をしていないと、やはり安全ではないです。そういう意味で、結局「ライブラリを全部 callcc safe にする作業」は必要になります。がっかり。
しかし 、Ruby にはそういう 「 これをすると他のライブラリが変なことになること」は山ほどあります。例えば、組み込みクラスのメソッドを書き換えるとか ( 例 : mathn ) 。へたに * _missing を定義すると怪しいことになるとか。他に は set_trace_func を使うと「 set_trace_func を使うライブラリ」は使えなくなるし、拡張ライブラリで怪しいところで例外起こせばメモリリークとか close し忘れとかする可能性はあると思います。これらの黒魔術は公式サポートで、callcc
はダメという理由は、ないんじゃないかなあ。
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Nearly 15 percent of Iraq and Afghanistan veterans seeking medical care from the U.S. Veterans Affairs Department have suffered sexual trauma , from harassment to rape , researchers reported on Tuesday .
Iraq Veterans Against the War march through the streets of Denver , Colorado August 27 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Eric
Thayer
And these veterans were 1.5 times as likely as other veterans to need mental health services , the report from the VA found .
“ We are , in fact , detecting men and women who seem to have a significant need for mental health services , ” said Rachel Kimerling of the National Center for Posttraumatic Stress Disorder at the VA Palo Alto Health Care System in California .
The study , presented at a meeting of the American Public Health Association in San Diego , raises many questions .
Kimerling said in a telephone interview the term “ military sexual trauma ” covers a range of events from coerced sex to outright rape or threatening and unwelcome sexual advances .
Kimerling said for her purposes it is not necessary to find out what kind of sexual trauma occurred .
Her study also did not determine when it happened .
“ If you think about military service where you are living and working so closely with the same people , that even if it is not sexual assault ... it is possible that severe sexual harassment is just as traumatic , ” she said .
The study does not cover active - duty servicemen and women , as VA services are only available to discharged veterans .
A spokeswoman for the VA said about 40 percent of all discharged veterans who served in Iraq and Afghanistan have sought medical care of some sort from the VA , which has a universal screening program for military sexual trauma .
Kimerling said that may mean many veterans are unaware they can be helped and she said she hoped more would come forward to seek treatment .
“ There are dedicated health care services for military sexual trauma at every VA facility across the nation , ” she said .
Sexual trauma can lead to depression , anxiety , substance abuse and post - traumatic stress disorder , Kimerling said .
“ We know there are effective , evidence - based treatments for them that are used in VA , ” she added .
Most veterans who were affected were women , with more than one in seven women seeking health care services of some sort also reporting sexual trauma .
Just under 1 percent of male veterans also reported military sexual trauma .
Hardened police officers have been shocked by the horrifying torture , mutilation and brutal slaying of a seven month old fox terrier puppy near Mackay at the weekend .
If found guilty , they could face up to two years in prison .
Police have obtained video footage from a mobile phone which shows graphic images of the puppy yelping and howling in terrible pain as it hacked to pieces with garden shears and a pocked knife .
They said the owners were too distressed to talk to anyone about it .
The pups nose was cut off , its front right leg and rear left leg were cut off and it was decapitated .
A three - part video series on a mobile phone shows the dog being tortured .
The maximum penalty under the Animal Care and Protection Act for such an offence is $ 75,000 or two years in jail ; however the maximum penalty ever handed out has been a four month jail term .
WE BELIEVE THESE MEN SHOULD RECIEVE THE MAXIMUN PENALTY AVAILABLE IN AUSTRALIA FOR THIS SADISTIC , DISGUSTING ACT .
File this one under " intensely counterintuitive . "
A recent study has found that closing off certain streets can actually relieve traffic congestion .
Using Google Maps , a trio of scientists – Hyejin Youn and Hawoong Jeong , of the Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology , and Michael Gastner , of the Santa Fe Institute – looked at traffic routes in Boston , New York , and London .
Their paper , titled " The Price of Anarchy in Transportation Networks : Efficiency and Optimality Control " [ PDF ] and published in the journal Physical Review Letters , found that , when individual drivers seek the quickest route , they sometimes end up slowing things down for everybody .
[ Editor 's note :
An earlier version misstated the name of the journal . ]
It all hinges on something called Braess 's Paradox ( and yes , I appreciate the irony of a Wikipedia entry that challenges the wisdom of crowds ) , which states that adding capacity to a network in which all the moving entities rationally seek the most efficient route can sometimes reduce the network 's overall efficiency .
The authors give a simple example of how this could play out : Imagine two routes to a destination , a short but narrow bridge and a longer but wider highway .
Let 's also imagine that the combined travel times of all the drivers is shortest if half take the bridge and half take the highway .
But because each driver is selfishly trying to seek the shortest route for himself , this does n't happen .
At first , everyone will go for the bridge because it 's shorter .
But then , as the bridge becomes backed up , more drivers start taking the highway , until the congestion on the bridge starts to clear up .
At that point more drivers go back to the bridge , which then becomes backed up again .
Eventually , the traffic flow settles into what 's called the Nash equilibrium ( named for the beautifully minded mathematician ) , in which each route takes the same amount of time .
But in this equilibrium the travel time is actually longer than the average time it would take if half of the drivers took each route .
Note that this still happens even if – indeed , especially if – all the drivers have perfect information about what all the other drivers are doing , such as with a GPS that gives real - time traffic updates .
The authors compared the Nash equilibrium time to the socially optimal travel time , and dubbed the ratio between the two " the price of anarchy . "
In their study of the Boston area , which looked at travel times from Harvard Square to Boston Common , the price of anarchy at peak traffic times made for a journey that is 30 percent longer .
But the price of anarchy drops if you close a few roads , because individual drivers are less able to selfishly optimize their routes .
In their analysis , the authors identified six streets in Boston and Cambridge :
By closing those streets , they say , the optimal collective travel time would decrease between the two points .
At first blush , this study seems dissonant with findings that traffic flows can be improved by increasing vehicular anarchy .
As I noted a few months back , there is considerable evidence that removing all traffic controls – lights , signs , road markings , and even the distinction between streets and sidewalks – can actually make traffic move more smoothly , as well as cut down on the number of accidents and increase the area 's economic vitality .
The idea behind these " shared streets , " which have been successfully deployed in many European cities , is that the lack of traffic signs makes you take personal responsibility for directly negotiating with the pedestrians , cyclists , and other cars around you , instead of , say , gunning it through an intersection just because you know you have the light .
But maybe these two traffic models have more in common than it first seems .
Both encourage individuals to drive more slowly so that everyone gets to his destinations faster .
Both favor a holistic approach to traffic , one that designs from the perspective of the overall flow rather than that of an individual driver .
And both open up more space for pedestrians .
It 's not too difficult to imagine a city designed with these principles in mind .
Fewer roads with slower but smoother traffic .
Spaces that can easily be converted to car - free zones to suit the needs of the network .
And fewer opportunities for people to drive like jerks .
Sounds like a nice place to take a walk , actually .
■ ■ 社外ナビ のDIY 取付け 《 前編 》 ■ ■ この記事では ...
SALT LAKE CITY , Nov. 18 ( UPI ) -- U.S. researchers say they are seeking people for a trial to test the safety of using patients ' own stem cells to repair their damaged hearts .
Half of the participants will be ischemic heart disease patients with blood flow problems due to arterial disease and the other half will have the non-ischemic form caused by an enlarged heart muscle .
All will have limited or no other treatment options .
Advertisement
The one - year , randomized and controlled study -- Phase II Cardiac Repair Cell Treatment of Patients with Dilated Cardiomyopathy -- will draw 40 patients ' own bone marrow cells to provide cardiac repair cells that will be increased in a culture .
The repair cells will then be directly injected into the left ventricle of the heart .
The injection will use a minimally invasive surgery developed by Dr. Amit Patel of the University of Utah School of Medicine in Salt Lake City , the principal investigator .
" By using a patient 's own cells , we eliminate the concern of rejection and the need for potentially harmful immunosuppressive drugs , " Patel said in a statement .
" We hope these cells will help with new blood vessels and support the heart muscle in order to improve the heart 's function , thereby greatly improving the patient 's quality of life . "
5 - Zambia – Following the death of President Levy Mwanawasa , the ruling Movement for Multiparty Democracy in Zambia chooses his successor who is sure to have a significant impact on the country ’s dealing with Zimbabwe .
Trucks transporting humanitarian aid for the Gaza Strip are denied entrance by Israel at the Kerem Shalom border crossing , 13 November 2008 .
( AFP / Getty Images )
The refusal to allow in fuel has forced the shutting down of Gaza ’s only power station , creating a blackout that pushed Palestinians bearing candles on to the streets in protest last week .
A water and sanitation crisis are expected to follow .
And on Thursday , the United Nations announced it had run out of the food essentials it supplies to 750,000 desperately needy Gazans .
“ This has become a blockade against the United Nations itself , ” a spokesman said .
In a further blow , Israel ’s large Bank Hapoalim said it would refuse all transactions with Gaza by the end of the month , effectively imposing a financial blockade on an economy dependent on the Israeli shekel .
Other banks are planning to follow suit , forced into a corner by Israel ’s declaration in Sept 2007 of Gaza as an “ enemy entity . ”
There are likely to be few witnesses to Gaza ’s descent into a dark and hungry winter .
In the past week , all journalists were refused access to Gaza , as were a group of senior European diplomats .
Days earlier , dozens of academics and doctors due to attend a conference to assess the damage done to Gazans ’ mental health were also turned back .
Israel has blamed the latest restrictions of aid and fuel to Gaza on Hamas ’s violation of a five - month ceasefire by launching rockets out of the Strip .
But Israel had a hand in shattering the agreement : as the world was distracted by the United States presidential elections , the army invaded Gaza , killing six Palestinians and provoking the rocket fire .
The humanitarian catastrophe gripping Gaza is largely unrelated to the latest tit - for - tat strikes between Hamas and Israel .
Nearly a year ago , Karen Koning AbuZayd , commissioner - general of the UN ’s refugee agency , warned : “ Gaza is on the threshold of becoming the first territory to be intentionally reduced to a state of abject destitution . ”
She blamed Gaza ’s strangulation directly on Israel , but also cited the international community as accomplice .
Together they began blocking aid in early 2006 , following the election of Hamas to head the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) .
The US and Europe agreed to the measure on the principle that it would force the people of Gaza to rethink their support for Hamas .
The logic was supposedly similar to the one that drove the sanctions applied to Iraq under Saddam Hussein through the 1990s : if Gaza ’s civilians suffered enough , they would rise up against Hamas and install new leaders acceptable to Israel and the West .
As AbuZayd said , that moment marked the beginning of the international community ’s complicity in a policy of collective punishment of Gaza , despite the fact that the Fourth Geneva Convention classifies such treatment of civilians as a war crime .
The blockade has been pursued relentlessly since , even if the desired outcome has been no more achieved in Gaza than it was in Iraq .
Instead , Hamas entrenched its control and cemented the Strip ’s physical separation from the Fatah - dominated West Bank .
Far from reconsidering its policy , Israel ’s leadership has responded by turning the screw ever tighter — to the point where Gazan society is now on the verge of collapse .
In truth , however , the growing catastrophe being unleashed on Gaza is only indirectly related to Hamas ’s rise to power and the rocket attacks .
Of more concern to Israel is what each of these developments represents : a refusal on the part of Gazans to abandon their resistance to Israel ’s continuing occupation .
Both provide Israel with a pretext for casting aside the protections offered to Gaza ’s civilians under international law to make them submit .
With embarrassing timing , the Israeli media revealed at the weekend that one of the first acts of Ismail Haniyeh , the Hamas prime minister elected in 2006 , was to send a message to the Bush White House offering a long - term truce in return for an end to Israeli occupation .
His offer was not even acknowledged .
Instead , according to the daily Jerusalem Post , Israeli policy - makers have sought to reinforce the impression that “ it would be pointless for Israel to topple Hamas because the population [ of Gaza ] is Hamas . ”
On this thinking , collective punishment is warranted because there are no true civilians in Gaza .
Israel is at war with every single man , woman and child .
In an indication of how widely this view is shared , the cabinet discussed last week a new strategy to obliterate Gazan villages in an attempt to stop the rocket launches , in an echo of discredited Israeli tactics used in south Lebanon in its war of 2006 .
The inhabitants would be given warning before indiscriminate shelling began .
In fact , Israel ’s desire to seal off Gaza and terrorize its civilian population predates even Hamas ’s election victory .
It can be dated to Ariel Sharon ’s disengagement of summer 2005 , when Fatah ’s rule of the PA was unchallenged .
An indication of the kind of isolation Sharon preferred for Gaza was revealed shortly after the pull - out , in December 2005 , when his officials first proposed cutting off electricity to the Strip .
The policy was not implemented , the local media pointed out at the time , both because officials suspected the violation of international law would be rejected by other nations and because it was feared that such a move would damage Fatah ’s chances of winning the elections the following month .
With the vote over , however , Israel had the excuse it needed to begin severing its responsibility for the civilian population .
It recast its relationship with Gaza from one of occupation to one of hostile parties at war .
A policy of collective punishment that was considered transparently illegal in late 2005 has today become Israel ’s standard operating procedure .
Increasingly strident talk from officials , culminating in February in the deputy defense minister Matan Vilnai ’s infamous remark about creating a “ shoah , ” or Holocaust , in Gaza , has been matched by Israeli measures .
The military bombed Gaza ’s electricity plant in June 2006 , and has been incrementally cutting fuel supplies ever since .
In January , Vilnai argued that Israel should cut off “ all responsibility ” for Gaza and two months later Israel signed a deal with Egypt for it to build a power station for Gaza in Sinai .
All of these moves are designed with the same purpose in mind : persuading the world that Israel ’s occupation of Gaza is over and that Israel can therefore ignore the laws of occupation and use unremitting force against Gaza .
Cabinet ministers have been queuing up to express such sentiments .
Ehud Olmert , for example , has declared that Gazans should not be allowed to “ live normal lives ; ” Avi Dichter believes punishment should be inflicted “ irrespective of the cost to the Palestinians ; ” Meir Sheetrit has urged that Israel should “ decide on a neighborhood in Gaza and level it ” — the policy discussed by ministers last week .
In concert , Israel has turned a relative blind eye to the growing smuggling trade through Gaza ’s tunnels to Egypt.
Gazans ’ material welfare is falling more heavily on Egyptian shoulders by the day .
The question remains : what does Israel expect the response of Gazans to be to their immiseration and ever greater insecurity in the face of Israeli military reprisals ?
Eyad Sarraj , the head of Gaza ’s Community Mental Health Programme , said this year that Israel ’s long - term goal was to force Egypt to end the controls along its short border with the Strip .
Once the border was open , he warned , “ Wait for the exodus . ”
Jonathan Cook is a writer and journalist based in Nazareth , Israel .
His latest books are Israel and the Clash of Civilisations : Iraq , Iran and the Plan to Remake the Middle East ( Pluto Press ) and Disappearing Palestine : Israel ’s Experiments in Human Despair ( Zed Books ) .
His website is www.jkcook.net.
This article originally appeared in The National published in Abu Dhabi and is republished with permission .
" It was not comfortable on the bike at all but you just get used to it .
You have good days and bad days but in the end it was water off a duck 's back for me .
Belgian beer has mystique : Some of it ’s made by monks .
Some of it tastes really , really weird .
Some of its labels show elves and devils .
People who know beer are sometimes unable to resist blowing huge chunks of cash on it .
It is , said famed beer writer Michael Jackson , the “ Disneyland of beer . ”
But like Disneyland on a warm holiday weekend , Belgian beer can be intimidating .
Walk into a specialty shop or bar that stocks it , and you ’ll probably be confronted with an overwhelming list of things you ’ve never heard of — with names in French , Dutch , or a combination of the two .
The beers will often be more expensive than other imports , and in some cases will deliver flavors the average American palate is unprepared for .
It ’s enough to make most of us just order a Sierra .
Still , Belgian beer is wonderful , and it can take you places you never expected .
The range of flavors and aromas , like with wine , can be surprisingly complex and mysterious .
To dive in , all you need is a little background and the curiosity to begin tasting .
Whether you ’re a fan of rich , dark ales or light , effervescent quaffers , there are delightful examples to be found .
We ’ve put together this primer on the various styles and where to locate them stateside to get you started .
Main Styles
Not all Belgian beer is craft beer : Belgians drink crappy beer sometimes just like Americans do .
And among the craft options there ’s a fallacy , says Dan Shelton , owner of Shelton Brothers , one of the primary importers of small - batch Belgian beers for the U.S. market , which is that they ’re all ultrasweet , strong , spicy , or fruity , rather than hoppy or light .
Not true .
Saison
Historically , saisons were made on farms with whatever grains were on hand to supplement the malted barley , so there was a lot of variation .
( “ Malted ” means the grain has been moistened , allowed to germinate — which makes its starches more readily available for the brewing process — and then heated to stop it from sprouting . )
They are refreshing , light in body , dry , golden to orange in color , effervescent , relatively low in alcohol ( around 5 percent ) , and moderately hoppy .
They may or may not have spices added ( some take on a spicy flavor naturally from phenols produced during fermentation ) , and can be citrusy and floral .
TRY : Saison Dupont ; Fantôme
Witbier or Bier Blanche
These are Belgian - style wheat beers made with a relatively high percentage of unmalted ( raw ) wheat and some lightly malted barley .
Witbiers are pale to golden in color but can be cloudy because they ’re unfiltered .
Most , like Hoegaarden , are flavored with coriander and orange peel , but they do n’t have to be .
Like German hefeweizens , witbiers are refreshing , citrusy , relatively low in alcohol ( 4 to 5 percent ) , and easy to drink .
TRY : Vuuve 5 ( spiced ) ; Saisis Blanche ( unspiced )
Trappist / Abbey
Trappist beers are brewed by a Benedictine order of monks .
The tradition of creating products like beer , cheese , and bread dates back to 1098 , to fund social work and make the monasteries self - sufficient .
There are Trappist monasteries all over the world , but only seven brew beer , six of them in Belgium : Achel , Orval , Scourmont Lez Chimay , Rochefort , Westmalle , and Westvleteren .
The seventh , Koningshoeven , is located in the Netherlands .
You ’ll often see Trappist beers labeled “ double ” or “ triple , ” and sometimes “ single ” or “ quadruple . ”
The terms indicate alcohol content ( double is stronger than single , etc. ) .
Some Trappist breweries , like Rochefort and Westvleteren , skip this naming convention and use numbers ; higher numbers indicate higher alcohol content ( though they do n’t directly correlate to the actual percentage ) .
“ Abbey ” is a term applied to beers made in the Trappist styles but not necessarily in an abbey .
There are no regulations for what these styles should taste like , so they vary greatly .
Here ’s a rough generalization of what to expect :
Single , a.k.a Singel :
There are n’t very many singles , but the ones you can find are lighter , easier - drinking beers , almost like pale ales , with 4 to 5 percent alcohol .
TRY : Witkap - Pater Singel ( not from a Trappist monastery )
There are n’t very many singles , but the ones you can find are lighter , easier - drinking beers , almost like pale ales , with 4 to 5 percent alcohol .
Double , a.k.a.
Dubbel : Between 5 and 8 percent alcohol , often amber to brown , with a malty aroma and flavors like raisin , fig , date , caramel , plum , and even toffee and chocolate .
They can be on the sweet side .
TRY : Westmalle Dubbel
Between 5 and 8 percent alcohol , often amber to brown , with a malty aroma and flavors like raisin , fig , date , caramel , plum , and even toffee and chocolate .
They can be on the sweet side .
Triple , a.k.a.
Tripel : Usually a strong golden ale , around 8 to 9 percent alcohol .
Triples are fruitier and crisper than doubles , and often more refreshing .
TRY : Achel 8° Blonde ; Orval ( a unique Trappist brew similar to a triple but considered a Belgian pale ale by some )
Usually a strong golden ale , around 8 to 9 percent alcohol .
Triples are fruitier and crisper than doubles , and often more refreshing .
Quadruple : Very high in alcohol content ( 10 to 12 percent ) , sweet and raisiny , sometimes chocolaty .
Kind of like a double on steroids .
TRY : Urthel Samaranth ( not from a Trappist monastery )
Very high in alcohol content ( 10 to 12 percent ) , sweet and raisiny , sometimes chocolaty .
Kind of like a double on steroids .
Lambic
One of the most distinctive kinds of Belgian beers , traditional lambics are made using wild yeasts and bacteria — that is , the ones floating around in the air — to ferment the beer , instead of cultured strains from a lab .
These free - floating microorganisms make the beers taste sour , and impart other flavors and aromas often described as “ leathery ” and “ barnyard-y . ”
Lambics are an acquired taste that can be oddly addictive .
And they ’re extremely refreshing because of their tartness .
They are usually made from a blend of unmalted wheat , malted barley , and hops ; cooled in the open air ( where they ’re exposed to yeasts and bacteria ) ; then aged in oak barrels for one to three years .
There is controversy between fans of traditionally crafted lambics and fans of commercial lambics , because the latter are sweetened , not aged very long , and pasteurized , all of which , traditionalists say , goes against the type ’s true definition .
It ’s hard to find straight lambic — that is , lambic bottled directly from one brew .
Instead , you ’ll usually drink it blended into what ’s called gueuze .
TRY : Cantillon Bruocsella Grand Cru Gueuze
Made by blending different ages of lambics ( usually some combination of one - , two - , and three - year - old beers ) to create a signature balance of flavors and more natural carbonation in the bottle , because there are still some unfermented sugars in the young lambic that continue to ferment .
Gueuze also allows brewers to create a more consistent product from batch to batch by adjusting the blend of the highly variable lambics .
TRY : Oud Beersel Oude Geuze Vieille ; Cantillon Classic Gueuze Fruit Lambic
Many of the beers labeled lambic in the United States are sweet fruit - flavored brews reminiscent of Bartles & Jaymes wine coolers .
For a more sophisticated fruit beer , look for those made using whole fruit and with 100 percent spontaneously fermented lambic .
( Good beer lists will mention these things .
If you are unsure , ask to look at the label before ordering . )
TRY : Oud Beersel Framboise ( raspberry ) ; Oude Kriek ( sour cherry ) Flemish Sour Ale Much like lambics , brown and red Flemish sour ales have a distinctly tart flavor .
Many are produced using cultured yeasts for their primary fermentation , then aged in barrels with souring bacteria and wild yeasts that impart acidic flavors ranging from lemon to balsamic vinegar — and , sometimes , caramel flavors , too .
TRY : Aardmonnik Earthmonk ; Rodenbach Grand Cru ; Duchesse de Bourgogne Brown , Golden , Blonde , Amber Ales
These often overlap with what people consider abbey doubles or triples , but some one - of - a - kind beers fall loosely into this category .
Duvel is considered the benchmark for golden ales , with its high alcohol content , dry finish , and sparkling golden color .
TRY : Duvel ; La Chouffe Golden Ale ; Bink Blond Other
It ’s a misconception that everyone in Belgium is “ drinking crazy beers , ” says Joe Carroll , co-owner of the Spuyten Duyvil bar in New York .
“ Average people are drinking pilsners . ”
There are also Belgian stouts , Belgian pale ales , and Belgian - style IPAs .
TRY : De Ranke XX Bitter U.S. Breweries Dabbling in the Belgian Tradition Belgian - style beers are becoming easier to find ( and cheaper ) , thanks to U.S. craft breweries creating their own twists on traditional styles .
Allagash Brewing Company in Maine makes a bottle - conditioned dubbel , tripel , witbier , and others .
( “ Bottle - conditioned ” refers to beers that are naturally carbonated by yeast that ’s allowed to ferment in the bottle , leaving a layer of live sediment . )
Jolly Pumpkin out of Michigan is brewing very interesting beers like La Roja , its take on a Flemish sour red ale , and a spiced witbier aged in oak with wild yeast and souring bacteria called Calabaza Blanca .
The Lost Abbey , part of the Port Brewing Company in California , makes abbey - inspired beers like Lost and Found , and a saison - inspired beer called Red Barn Ale .
And Russian River Brewing Company has a line of Belgian - inspired beers , from Damnation , a strong golden ale , to Sanctification , a beer fermented with the same type of yeast that ’s used in traditional lambics .
TRY : Allagash White ; Russian River Temptation
Chris Matthews calls B.S. on Todd Harris for the double standard Republicans have where they come in with slim wins and do exactly what they want and say they have a mandate , but expect Democrats to pussy - foot around and apologize for being there when they win by large margins .
Todd replies by saying that acting that way will make Obama end up with an approval rating like Bush .
Really Todd Harris ?
You think that ’s what will happen if Obama pushes through a populist agenda against the will of the Republicans ?
Todd Harris is a typical Republican Strategist – all that comes out of his mouth is garbage .
Share this : Facebook
Print
Reddit
Twitter
Email
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
LONDON ( Reuters Life ! ) -
Women should be considered for new board positions in banks bailed out by the British government to counter the male dominance of senior directorships in the nation ’s biggest companies , a report said on Thursday .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
Cranfield School of Management said the number of female directors in top firms listed on the London Stock Exchange ’s FTSE 100 index had barely risen over the past 10 years , with more than a fifth still run by all - male boards .
It said only 131 directors of FTSE 100 companies were women -- around one in eight -- compared to 79 a decade ago .
“ We might not be in quite such a dire situation if there had been more females on the boards of banks , ” report co-author Ruth Sealy told the Financial Times .
“ The evidence is that women are not more risk - averse , but they are more risk - aware . ”
Cranfield ’s latest Female FTSE report said there were some encouraging signs that the gender gap at the top was narrowing despite an “ alarmingly small ” increase in women .
It said the most promising rise was in the number of companies with more than one woman on its board .
There were 39 such firms in the FTSE 100 , compared to just 13 when Cranfield conducted its first survey of female boardroom representation 10 years ago .
The report said companies needed to make greater effort to improve the gender mix on senior corporate boards .
“ Consideration should be given to female candidates for new board positions in recapitalized banks , ” it recommended .
It also said firms should advertise all directorships and should aspire to having women make up 30 percent of candidate lists .
“ Britain needs more women in the boardroom , ” said Britain ’s Minister for Women and Equality Harriet Harman .
“ What does it say to women in a company if all the key decisions in the boardroom are taken by men ? ”
The government announced a 37 billion pound ( $ 54.89 billion ) plan last month to bail out Royal Bank of Scotland and the merger of HBOS and Lloyds TSB after they were hit by the global credit crunch .
IN MADRID yesterday at a conference on the prospects for business , a speaker forecasts that Spain 's economy will shrink in 2009 by more than any other economy in the EU except one .
Only Britain 's economy will contract faster .
Most attention these days focuses on the gloomy side of the economic outlook — how big countries ' recessions will be .
But what about the other end of the spectrum : which will be the star growers of 2009 ?
The champion , according to the Economist Intelligence Unit 's forecasts reported in " The world in figures " pages , will be Qatar , whose gas - fired economy is forecast to grow by 13.4 % .
Qatar will be a champion in other ways too : its population will grow by more than 14 % , to 1.8 m , thanks to the world 's highest rate of immigration .
Many are lured to one of the richest countries in the world , with an income per head of close to $ 65,000 .
Even on this sunny side of the economic forecast , however , there are clouds .
Qatar's is the only economy predicted to reach double - digit growth in the coming year , compared with four countries on the equivalent list in The World in 2008 , The World in 2007 and The World in 2006 .
Angola , the champion in last year 's edition , was forecast to achieve a growth rate of 21.1 % .
Linux , here we come !
This week ’s funday is today !
Devteam member planetbeing has done a phenomenal job reverse engineering Apple ’s hardware drivers and now for the first time ever , linux is available on the iPhone and first - gen iPods .
The official announcement is here .
Video , downloads , and instructions …. all included .
( P.S. Feel free to digg this to help get the word out ! )
Update : Geek
Hero gets it .
Al Franken stands to gain 4580 votes if the remaining precincts follow their trend .
This is essentially a death sentence for Coleman as he only leads by 2568 .
The table below includes all uncounted counties and the probable vote allocation based on the current percent of precincts reporting and the current results .
St. Louis Est. Cass Est. Al 59050 70298 Norm 7407 8051 Norm 34812 41443 Al 5699 6195 Dean 12920 16326 Dean 2380 2587 % Rprt 0.84 % Rprt 0.92 Pine Est. Itasca Est. Al 5824 5943 Norm 7977 8397 Norm 5644 5759 Al 10027 10555 Dean 2471 2521 Dean 2779 2925 % Rprt 0.98 % Rprt 0.95 Total Current Est. Chng Norm 55840 63650 7810 Al 80600 92990 12390 Dean 20550 23415 2865 % Rprt 4580 Current Votes Franken : 1203315 Coleman : 1205883
Data taken from CNN at 4:21 AM CT .
It was a week of firsts for the New York Red Bulls and Major League Soccer — incredible and ignominious .
Danny Cepero was thrust into the starting role as goalkeeper when the veteran Jon Conway , and defender Jeff Parke , were suspended Thursday by the league for 10 games and fined 10 percent of their annual salaries after testing positive for a performance - enhancing substance .
Cepero , 23 , a native of Baldwin , N.Y. , on Long Island and a graduate of the University of Pennsylvania , found himself between the pipes on the artificial turf at Giants Stadium in the proverbial must - win situation for the Red Bulls .
The team needed a victory to keep alive its hopes of qualifying for the postseason .
What Cepero gave them was the victory and a memory that will live on in the often - checkered lore of the MetroStars / Red Bulls club .
In the 83rd minute , with the Red Bulls already leading by 2 - 1 on a pair of goals by Juan Pablo Ángel , Cepero shooed his teammates up the field as he prepared to take a free kick from his own end .
( He placed the ball on the 25 - yard line , which was simple for all to see since the gridiron markings have been down since the start of the N.F.L. season ) .
Cepero ’s long kick bounced high about 20 yards from the Columbus goal , near the top of the penalty area , and sailed over the head of Crew goalkeeper Andy Gruenebaum .
It was the first time an M.L.S. goalkeeper had scored a goal from any play — a penalty kick , a free kick , a header or from anywhere else on the field .
“ This is a first for me as well , ” Cepero said , looking at the assorted reporters and video men gathered around him after the game .
“ I had no idea it even went in .
I put it in the general area where I thought my teammates could do something with it .
I asked Kevin [ defender Kevin Goldthwaite ] if I get credit for it .
I had no idea .
It was kind of crazy . ”
In the press box , after the goal , the announcer said without a hint of humor : “ The Red Bulls goal was scored by Danny Cepero .
The goal is his first of the season . ”
Really ?
Surely you jest !
First of the season in the first game of his career !
Certainly , goalkeepers , like José Luis Chilavert , Rogerio Ceni and Hans - Jorg Butt have been known to score , but mostly from penalties or free kicks , and perhaps the odd long punt .
Then sometimes they press forward late in a match looking for an equalizer or game - winner , as Inter Milan ’s Toldo did in this clip .
And here is one that is nearly identical to the one scored Saturday night by Cepero .
Asked after the game about the last time he had scored a goal , Cepero paused for a second , running through his mental highlight reel , and said it was when he played in central midfield in high school in Baldwin , where he was a three - sport athlete ( soccer , basketball and tennis ) .
“ My proudest moment is just getting the win because it ’s so important for the team to get to the playoffs , ” he said .
“ For me , I ’m just happy to contribute .
I ’m from New York and I ’m happy to have done what I could . ”
With that , Cepero was smacked in the side of the face with a shaving cream pie launched his way by defender Andrew Boyens .
Amazingly , Cepero never seemed to miss a beat .
He continued to calmly answer questions , with the plate planted neatly on his head and shaving cream dripping down his face .
“ Was I nervous ? ” he said .
“ Well , last night it was kind of difficult getting to bed .
I only wish the pie had been something edible . ”
And now , what can Cepero do for an encore ?
Well , a win against the Chicago Fire in Bridgeview , Ill. , in a nationally televised game Thursday night will send the Red Bulls ( 10 - 10 - 9 , 39 points ) to the playoffs .
It is true that I favor many ( not all ) President - Elect Barack Obama ’s economic policies .
I ’m not alone ; I think many people voted with their wallets yesterday .
Obama ’s apparent focus on trying to help the middle class is one of the reasons ( along with health care , education and energy ) that I voted for him .
But in his acceptance speech last night , something that Obama said struck me .
He spoke of how we must all work together .
In fact , it has been the rallying cry of his campaign .
And in my mind , speaking in those terms indicates that Obama recognizes that the government can’t do everything .
While the government can support policies that can give us the tools to better help ourselves , ulitmately we have to take responsibility for our personal finances .
The Money Hawk said it like this :
A thousand John McCains and a thousand Barack Obamas can’t do for you in a thousand years what you can do for yourself in ten .
And I agree with that statement .
No matter who is president , it is up to you to take control of your personal finances and make them successful .
No matter who is president , you still need to follow the basic tenets of good personal finances :
Make more than you spend .
Set money aside for the future .
Spend money wisely .
Get out of debt .
Choose solid , fundamentally sound investments .
Honestly , no political candidate can ever do everything s/he wants to do or says s/he wants to do .
I think Obama is going to try — but that does n’t relieve us of our responsibilities to take care of ourselves .
Wise decisions need to be made on our own .
Hopefully , Obama will be able to deliver tools for us to help ourselves .
And hopefully , we will use them wisely to better our personal finances .
Tags : Barack Obama , middle class , personal finances , economic policies , economy , get out of debt , investments
New signs piled up Thursday that the ailing economy is taking another turn for the worse , with a mounting toll on ordinary Americans .
Retailers reported the worst October sales figures since at least 1971 , a grim harbinger for the holiday shopping season .
The report sent stocks lower for a second straight day , handing the Dow Jones index its biggest two - day percentage loss since Wall Street ’s October 1987 collapse .
Another dose of bad news is expected today , when the government reports on unemployment for October .
Economists estimate that 200,000 or more jobs disappeared last month , about double the average this year .
That would bring job losses to about 1 million in 2008 .
“ This is probably just beginning for the average worker and consumer , ” said Ed Leamer , director of UCLA ’s Anderson Forecast , who predicts that large job losses are likely to continue for five or six months .
Advertisement
“ The consumer is going to do some serious belt tightening , which means that businesses wo n’t sell as much and that means employment is going to be cut , ” Leamer said .
Americans are already reining in their spending .
Sales at major chain stores surveyed fell by 0.9 % last month compared with October 2007 -- and by 4.2 % if discount king Wal - Mart Stores Inc. is excluded , the International Council of Shopping Centers said .
“ These are awful numbers , ” said Michael Niemira , the council ’s chief economist .
“ All this concern about the financial markets caused consumers basically to freeze up any purchase that had a whiff of discretionary spending . ”
Based on October ’s numbers , Niemira lowered his holiday sales forecast to a 1 % gain for the combined November and December period , down from his earlier estimate of 1.7 % growth .
Advertisement
Luxury retailers in particular suffered , with high - end department store chains Neiman Marcus Inc. , Nordstrom Inc. and Saks Inc. all posting double - digit declines .
Neiman Marcus is reducing inventory and marking down prices after suffering a staggering 26.8 % sales decline , Chief Executive Burton M. Tansky said .
“ We expect retail demand will remain weak for an extended period of time as our affluent customer reacts to the continuing volatility of the financial markets , ” he said .
On the other end of the spectrum , Wal - Mart exceeded expectations and reported a 2.4 % sales increase , excluding fuel sales .
But even the world ’s largest retailer is nervous .
Advertisement
Eduardo Castro - Wright , who heads Wal - Mart ’s U.S. division , said he feared that consumers “ have maxed out . ”
“ Our customers , like a bunch of Americans , are going through some hard times , ” Castro - Wright said during a visit to Los Angeles last month .
“ Clearly the consumer is making a choice in terms of looking for better value to stretch their dollar and make ends meet . ”
Other retailers that fared poorly included Abercrombie & Fitch Co. , down 20 % from a year ago , and San Francisco - based Gap Inc. , which suffered a 16 % drop .
The holidays could be some retailers ’ last chance to turn things around , said Ken Perkins , president of research company Retail Metrics Inc .
Several retailers have filed for bankruptcy protection in recent months , including Mervyn’s , Linens ‘n Things Inc. and Shoe Pavilion Inc. , and more are expected to fold after the holidays .
Advertisement
“ It ’s going to be a very difficult holiday season for the retailers -- I think a lot of them are going to be fighting for their lives , ” Perkins said .
“ Weaker players are probably going to get knocked out sometime next year . ”
The one bright spot for most Americans is falling fuel prices .
The slowing global economy helped drive oil prices lower for a second day Thursday , with crude oil dropping $ 4.53 , or 7 % , to $ 60.77 a barrel .
That ’s the lowest since March 21 , 2007 , and represents a 59 % drop from the record high of $ 147.27 in July .
“ Refineries around the world are reducing their runs because there is no demand for their refined products , ” said Fadel Gheit , senior energy analyst with Oppenheimer & Co .
“ If the demand for refined product is weak , the demand for oil is weak . ”
The economic vital signs were so poor that the International Monetary Fund predicted that the world ’s developed economies would probably shrink for a full year -- the first time since World War II that the global economy was likely to take such a hit .
Advertisement
In a new forecast released Thursday , the fund urged governments around the world to increase spending to stimulate demand .
The European Central Bank slashed interest rates in a effort to do the same .
“ The financial market may or may not have seen the worst , ” said Harry Holzer , former chief economist for the Labor Department , who now teaches economics at Georgetown University .
“ But the real economy seems to be sliding downward pretty clearly . ”
In Washington , the outgoing administration of President Bush pledged to work quickly and closely with the incoming administration of President - elect Barack Obama to contain the economic damage .
Advertisement
“ A methodical and orderly transition is in the best interests of the financial markets and Treasury is committed to making sure that the incoming team can hit the ground running in January , ” Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson said in a statement .
Obama plans to convene a meeting in Chicago today with his economic advisors against a backdrop of rising unemployment .
The Labor Department said Thursday that the ranks of long - term unemployed workers drawing weekly benefits rose to 3.84 million , the highest since 1983 .
Today the government will report the unemployment rate for October .
The rate was 6.1 % in September -- reasonably low by historical standards , but still a significant increase over a year earlier , when the unemployment rate was 4.7 % .
Each 1 % of unemployment represents about 1.5 million workers .
Advertisement
More companies are also announcing large - scale layoffs , including El Segundo - based toy maker Mattel Inc. , which said Thursday that it would cut its payroll by 1,000 jobs worldwide .
“ Job loss is very pervasive right now across industries , ” said Jared Bernstein , a labor economist with the Economic Policy Institute .
“ It ’s hard to find industries that are creating any jobs , other than healthcare and government . ”
Although the consensus forecast was for a payroll decline of 200,000 , rumors abounded on Wall Street that today ’s report could be 250,000 or more .
That helped send the Dow Jones industrial average down almost 450 points .
The blue - chip indicator has fallen almost 930 points , or 9.7 % , since Tuesday ’s election .
“ We ’re now realizing that the unemployment rate is not going to stop at 7 % .
It ’s now going above 8 % , ” said Tom Wirth , senior investment officer at Chemung Canal Trust Co. in Elmira , N.Y .
“ We ’re now realizing the recession is n’t going to last just six to nine months .
The market is now perceiving that it ’s going to be longer - lasting . ”
Advertisement
--
Maura.reynolds@latimes.com
andrea.chang@latimes.com
--
Advertisement
Times staff writers Walter Hamilton in New York and Ronald D. White in Los Angeles contributed to this report .
Sarah Palin Offered $ 2 Million for Porn , Snowmobile for Todd
Shit is about to hit the ceiling in Washington as Cezar Capone has offered Sarah Palin a cool $ 2,000,000 to appear in a porn film .
We believe this is just a hardcore ( pun intended ) publicity stunt to obtain key search engine rankings for particular phrases .
He even quoted and laid ( pun intended ) emphasis on specific key words on this page .
Capone even offered a job ( no pun intended ) to Todd Palin as well with some extra cash flow and a sweet new snowmobile .
It 's going to be a tough choice but I 'm going to bet the Palin 's will turn this offer down .
We 'll even put money on Hef trying to grab Palin for a centerfold opportunity in an upcoming issue of Playboy : Oral Office Edition ...
Bush cheers “ free enterprise ” as US capitalism goes bust
By Bill Van Auken
15 November 2008
US President George W. Bush came to Wall Street Thursday to deliver a speech extolling the virtues of the " free enterprise " system even as multiple economic indicators made it clear that the so - called " magic of the market " is spelling misery for millions more working people in the US and around the globe .
Bush delivered his paean to American capitalism at Federal Hall , just a stone 's throw from the New York Stock Exchange .
The historic building was the site of the inauguration of George Washington and the first sessions of the US Congress .
The august setting stood in stark contrast to the character of the select audience , which , in the gap between its ideological proclivities and socioeconomic reality , resembled a meeting of the flat earth society .
A total of 175 people turned out for the session , organized by the Manhattan Institute , a right - wing think tank that specializes in demonizing the poor while promoting tax cuts , financial deregulation , the dismantling of social programs and the decimation of public education .
The lame - duck president timed his speech for the eve of this weekend 's G20 summit in Washington , which will bring together heads of state from the world 's major economies for the ostensible purpose of working out a common agenda for confronting the global financial meltdown .
Behind the banalities and boosterism , Bush 's message to those assembling in Washington was clear : Nothing will be accepted that interferes with the unfettered accumulation of wealth by America 's financial elite and the defense of their interests , regardless the cost to the world 's population .
Bush effectively acknowledged at the outset that the gathering of presidents and prime ministers this weekend will accomplish nothing — and that his administration will block any attempt to reach binding agreements .
" The undertaking is too large to be accomplished in a single session , " he said .
" The issues are too complex , the problem is too significant to try to solve , or to come up with reasonable recommendations in just one meeting . "
Rather , he insisted , the summit should be dedicated to " developing principles , " above all , the reaffirmation that " free market principles offer the surest path to lasting prosperity . "
Given the state of the economy , confronting its most profound crisis since the 1930s , Bush 's remarks appeared delusional .
He spoke in the wake of official figures showing that more than half a million American workers filed for unemployment benefits the week before , and over 85,000 homes had been foreclosed in October .
The Treasury Department announced a record budget deficit of $ 237.2 billion for the month of October , and just a day before , its secretary , former Goldman Sachs CEO Henry Paulson , was forced to make an emergency announcement that the $ 700 billion approved by Congress to buy up " toxic " mortgage - backed assets must now be redirected to prop up not only the major banks , but also the failing consumer credit industry .
Bush felt compelled to acknowledge that " in the wake of the financial crisis , voices from the left and the right are equating the free enterprise system with greed and exploitation and failure . "
While admitting some isolated failings , Bush rejected any indictment of the capitalist system .
" The crisis was not a failure of the free market system , " he proclaimed .
" And the answer is not to try to reinvent that system .
It is to fix the problems we face , make the reforms we need , and move forward with the free - market principles that have delivered prosperity and hope to people all across the globe . "
The " fixes " that Bush proposed were so vague as to be meaningless : " improving accounting rules , " ensuring that " financial products are properly regulated " and taking a " fresh look at the rules governing market manipulation and fraud . "
His faith in the " free market , " however , remained rock solid : " Like any other system designed by man , capitalism is not perfect [ presumably , only the eternal free market created by God in the hereafter can attain such a state ] .
It can be subject to excesses and abuse .
But it is by far the most efficient and just way of structuring an economy .
At its most basic level , it offers people the freedom to choose where they work and what they do . "
He continued : " Free market capitalism is more than an economic theory .
It is the engine of social mobility — the highway to the American Dream . "
" Freedom to choose where they work ? "
Whom does he think he 's kidding ?
According to official figures , 10 million American workers are now out of work and cannot find jobs .
Their ranks have been swollen by 1 million in the last year alone .
If one counts those who are underemployed — involuntarily relegated to part - time jobs — and so - called " discouraged " workers , who have been dropped from the jobless rolls , fully one of eight not only can't choose where he or she works , but can not get full - time work at all .
And this is only the beginning , with mass layoffs being announced daily , threatening to create an army of unemployed larger than any seen since the Great Depression .
As for free - market capitalism serving as an " engine of social mobility , " this movement has increasingly been in opposite directions , with those at the top of the social ladder increasing their share of total wealth to unprecedented levels , while the vast majority , the working people , have seen their incomes stagnate and decline .
The gap between wealth and poverty in the US is now greater than at any time since the 1920s .
It is this amassing of wealth by those at the top that Bush is determined to defend .
As the Washington Post pointed out Friday , among the proposals being put forward by other heads of state attending the Washington summit that " Bush and his aides do not favor " is the call for " restrictions on executive pay . "
Bush was forced to admit that even his commitment to the free market has limits .
" We are faced with the prospect of a global meltdown , " he said .
" And so we 've responded with bold measures .
I 'm a market - oriented guy , but not when I 'm faced with the prospect of a global meltdown . "
These " bold measures " — backed not only by Bush but also by President - elect Barack Obama — have amounted to the looting of trillions of dollars in social wealth in order to bail out the country 's biggest banks and Wall Street finance houses .
Hundreds of billions of dollars of this money is flowing directly into bonuses for financial executives and dividends for wealthy shareholders , while facilitating the consolidation of banks and the further concentration of wealth .
" Free - market principles " continue to apply in full force , however , to workers who have lost their jobs and to families facing foreclosure on their homes .
For them there is no bailout , only the prospect of being forced to pay for the trillions lavished on Wall Street through further attacks on living standards , jobs and social programs .
Earlier in his presidency , Bush restricted his public appearances largely to military audiences , bound by command discipline to treat him with respect .
Now , in the waning days of his presidency , he apparently feels comfortable only in addressing small groups of right - wing ideologues like those assembled by the Manhattan Institute .
For good reason .
Outside of this rarified atmosphere , the popularity of capitalism and the " free market " is sinking to that of the outgoing president himself , whose poll numbers have plumbed depths never reached by any previous occupant of the White House .
Millions are indeed beginning to identify the " free enterprise system " with " greed and corruption and failure . "
As the Obama administration takes office and seeks to defend this same system , popular anger over the social conditions created by capitalism must inevitably take the form of mass struggles against his government .
Organize MediaMonkey : The Media Organizer for Serious Collectors
Manage small to large collections of audio files , videos and playlists ( 100,000 + ) , whether on a hard drive , network , or CDs .
Rip CDs , download podcasts , lookup artwork and other missing information online , tag almost any audio or video format , and automatically rename / re-organize files on your hard drive .
When the feds and local law - enforcement agencies busted a big dog- fighting ring a while back , there was much talk of the more than 100 dogs that had been " rescued . "
If by " rescued " you meant " Sent to Doggie Death Row , " then they were indeed rescued .
A commenter to our item on the arrests said the dogs were being euthanised with " no temperament tests , no allowing rescues to assess them , nothing . "
Is that true , Houston SPCA ?
Well , the killing part is true , at least .
“ These animals are bred from a long line of fighting dogs to be aggressive , ” Houston SPCA spokeswoman Meera Nandlal told Hair Balls this morning .
“ We have made the decision that they will be humanely euthanized . ”
She would n't answer our other questions , since being helpful with the media is apparently not necessary for a group that depends on public support .
The Houston SPCA , as we 've noted , has a firm policy that it does not adopt out pit bulls .
While it 's not likely all of the recently seized dogs were pit bulls , it was close enough , we guess .
-- Craig Malisow
How to plant your watermelon
Watermelons come in about 1,200 varieties worldwide , divided according to season and seed production .
China is by far the worlds largest grower of watermelon .
Growing time is from 70 to 85 days for all varieties and growing season begins when all danger of frost has past .
Watermelons can be grown indoors anytime of year but require extra amounts of space and constant temperature between 80 and 85 deg .
F .
Seeds for seedlings to be transplanted outdoors may be started indoors 3 weeks before transplanting outdoors .
Seeds are planted one inch deep in groups of 3 and seedlings thinned to the best 1 or 2 for planting .
You can use this method with peat or potting soil to start seeds indoors .
Seedless varieties must be planted alongside seed producing varieties in order to pollinate and set the fruit .
Hills for single transplants are spaced 2 to 3 feet apart while double transplants are spaced 4 to 5 feet apart .
Rows are spaced 7 to 10 feet apart .
How to tell when your watermelon is ripe
Use black plastic to cover the hills and rows and plant through the plastic .
Drip irrigation is sometimes used sparingly in cooler climates .
Use a combination of the following indicators to determine when your watermelons are ripe :
1. light green , curly tendrils on the stem near the point of attachment of the melon usually turn brown and dry ;
2. the surface color of the fruit turns dull ;
3. the skin becomes resistant to penetration by the thumbnail and is rough to the touch ; and
4. the bottom of the melon ( where it lies on the soil ) turns from light green to a yellowish color .
Many watermelons do not emit the proverbial " dull thud " when ripe .
For these , the dull thud may indicate an over - ripe , mushy melon .
The above indicators for choosing a ripe watermelon are therefore much more reliable than " thumping " the melon with a knuckle .
Source : University of Illinois Extension Service
My parents purchased a computer when I was 11 years old .
It was our first computer , a Macintosh SE , and it came with an amazingly noisy ImageWriter II dot -matrix printer .
The Mac SE had an 8 - inch screen , 2 mb of RAM , and ran Mac OS System 6.0.8 at a blistering 8 mhz .
Its crisp black and white display was easy to read , the operating system rarely crashed , and the hard drive was large enough to hold a lot of games ( “ Dad , 20 megabytes means the hard drive can hold 20 high density disks–it ’s huge ! “ ) .
This was long enough ago that there was no such thing as home internet access .
Web pages had n’t been invented yet , and while most schools had internet access , the most exciting protocol was Gopher .
If you were a kid at home who wanted access to software , your options were dial - up private networks like America Online or Prodigy ( insert 2400 baud modem connect sound here ) , local dial - up bulletin board systems , or mail - in software clubs .
The only other way to get games was to go to the store and buy them , but I did n’t do this very often .
The reason was two - fold : first , I was 11 years old and flat broke ; second , the shareware and freeware games that I was able to get through software clubs were quite entertaining , so I did n’t see the need ( those of you who played Wolves in the Woods and The Big One know what I am talking about ) .
There were , however , a few games that I purchased that were seriously worth the cash .
One of these titles was Infocom ’s The Lurking Horror .
The Lurking Horror takes place in a MIT - like college campus and tells a Lovecraftian tale of evil thriving in the school ’s depths .
It was a text - adventure game , and nowadays you can play it online .
As far as I can tell , it was one of the first games ever to mix horror themes with text - adventure game mechanics .
If you have never played a text adventure game , you are missing out .
As an aside , you should all go play Adam Cadre ’s games right now ( especially Photopia and Shrapnel ) .
Anyway , in a text adventure game you walk around the world by typing commands into a console and reading the results .
Most text adventure games require you to pick up items , explore large areas , and speak to other characters that you meet .
The extremely powerful aspect of text adventure games that no other format has yet been able to reproduce is the variety and depth of commands accepted .
You can set the cowbell on top of the bookshelf ( and ring it ) , ask the hacker about the master key , unplug the drain in the bathtub , or rap on the wall to see if it is hollow .
Not only can each game have unique commands , each room and each item can all have context - appropriate commands , and figuring out what sorts of interactions are possible is one of the main forms of challenge in text adventure games .
When personal computers switched from text interfaces to graphical interfaces in the mid 1980s , text adventure games were replaced by graphical adventure games ( what we think of today as just “ adventure games ” ) .
These games were pretty much the same as their text - only predecessors except that they focused on pointing and clicking rather than typing .
Still , the same basic tenants of text adventure game design applied : items were to be collected , exploration was encouraged , and the pace was defined by the user rather than the game .
Without direct text input , graphical adventures were limited to a much smaller set of commands , but most of them got by with a palette of verbs that could be performed on any object in the game world ( buttons like “ examine , ” “ eat , ” “ open , ” “ hit , ” etc that could be applied to objects ) .
Graphical adventure games maintained an iron grip on the computer game industry until the mid 1990s ( the industry peaked with games like Myst and The Secret of Monkey Island ) , when DOOM came a long and made everybody focus on first person shooters .
The first graphical adventure game I ever played was a game called Shadowgate .
The game was great , and when I finished it I sought out others by the same developers , ICOM Simulations .
The next game of theirs I played was Uninvited , which is not only the first horror - adventure title I ever saw , it might be the first horror - adventure title ever ( it predates The Lurking Horror by a year ) .
Though it ’s about 20 years old now , Uninvited is still a great game .
The adventure opens with your character regaining consciousness in a wrecked car .
It seems that while traveling with your kid brother at night , a shadowy figure appeared on the road in front of you , causing you to swerve off the highway and crash your car .
With your brother missing , you have no choice but to explore the mansion next door to find him .
If you think this intro sounds suspiciously familiar ( the kid brother was even changed to a kid sister in future versions ) , get used to it : throughout this article you will notice common events and themes that repeat throughout the history of horror games .
Like all of ICOM ’s MacVenture games , Uninvited uses a very Mac - friendly interface .
All operations are performed by clicking and dragging , the contents of boxes and drawers are shown as new windows , and saves are managed as regular files through regular Open and Save dialogs .
Objects in the game can be interacted with using the palette of commands at the top of the screen , and the results of each action are either graphically displayed or printed in the message box at the bottom of the screen .
Like most adventure games , Uninvited has no qualms about killing you off : there are no life bars , no heath power ups , and no continues ; one wrong move and you are forced to restart from a save .
As you move through the mysterious mansion looking for your brother , you are required to solve item puzzles ( figuring out which items are required to progress ) and exploration puzzles ( actually finding items hidden in each room ) .
One of the key innovations in the MacVenture series is that almost every distinct object in each room can be clicked on and interacted with .
Remember that a big part of text adventure game design relied on the idea that anything in the world can be interacted with , even if most things were not useful for progression .
The reason for this design rule is utilitarian : when a player gets stuck in a game , they tend to try to progress by using whatever items or world objects are available .
It might not make sense to combine the pink ribbon with the steering wheel , the player thinks to himself , but on the other hand , maybe it will produce a result .
When you get really stuck , it is often easier to force a solution by randomly trying every possible variable combination than it is to actually think the problem through .
This is called “ brute forcing ” a puzzle , and most game designers strive to prevent it .
Puzzles that can be brute forced allow the player to breeze through the game without actually thinking about the problems that the designer has put together .
The solution in text adventure games was to simply increase the number of variables that would need testing , making brute forced solutions tedious and boring to find .
If every game object in the world responds to input , the player cannot simply try to interact with everything until they get a valid response ; they are forced to think the problem through and attempt interactions that make sense .
This level of interactivity is much more difficult for designers of graphical adventure games to achieve because interacting with an object in the world usually has a visible impact on the scene .
Each visual change requires artwork , and art takes a lot longer to generate than text ; if you move a chair , the chair must appear to be in a different place than it was before , whereas in a text adventure game , the text could simply indicate that the chair had moved .
Time could be saved by decreasing the number of objects that can be interacted with , but this would make it easer for the player to just brute force their way through the game by trying every possible combination .
The solution in Uninvited is elegant .
First , each room in the game is a scene built from separate pieces of art .
Each item in the scene can be clicked on and highlighted , and most items can be moved around .
Sometimes moving an item is a required part of exploring the game , but since there are so many things that can move , the player ca n’t just go around shifting things around haphazardly .
Since items can move , the player is able to pick almost anything in the game up and put it into his inventory , but since the inventory has limited space , the player is forced to think about which items he needs and which he does not .
Finally , since the game allows each of the commands in the verb palette to be applied to any of the items in the game , the number of variables in each puzzle is huge , effectively removing brute force as a viable progression strategy .
Beating Uninvited takes some degree of experimentation , but it also requires the player to solve problems in ways that make logical sense .
Uninvited was ported to just about every system known to man .
The NES version came out in 1991 , six years after the original Mac version .
A Windows version followed that , and the game is still on the market for PocketPC and other handhelds ( you can check it out at the official web site ) .
Some of the versions ( like the NES version ) changed the interface to be more RPG - like , as that interface was simpler and easier to manage with a console pad .
But before Uninvited made it to the NES , Japanese gamers were playing a different horror game on that console : Sweet Home .
Based on a horror movie of the same name , Sweet Home is a horror role playing game with clear ties to the adventure genre .
In some respects it follows the Dragon Quest / Final Fantasy school of RPG design to the letter : you control a party of multiple characters , each character has a specific ‘ class ’ , combat is turn - based and in a different view than regular game play , and building up stats is a requirement for progression .
But at the same time , Sweet Home broke many RPG traditions and appropriated many ideas from adventure games .
Characters who die in Sweet Home cannot be revived , and rather than telling the epic tale of globetrotting heros , the game takes place entirely within a single haunted mansion .
The player must often examine objects to find hidden items and clues , and items must be used in particular situations to solve puzzles .
One of the main innovations of Sweet Home is that item space is severally limited .
Each character can only carry one or two items , and since items must be used in puzzles to progress , managing items becomes a big part of the strategy .
As in Uninvited , items can be dropped anywhere and picked up again later .
The severe limit on inventory space , combined with the danger of back tracking in a game that has random monster encounters , creates an experience that forces the player to think carefully about which items to take , which to leave , and where best to leave them .
The item management scheme is another way to prevent brute forcing of the game ’s puzzles ; rather than make the world highly interactive , the developers of Sweet Home have increased the importance of every item decision to encourage critical thought .
I never got to play Sweet Home when it first came out .
The game was only released in Japan ( it was far too violent for United States consideration ) , and at that time I was busy trying to figure out how to survive left turns in Apache Strike , aim rocks in Dark Castle , and kill my evil twin in Prince of Persia .
A year later I had discovered HyperCard and thereby bound myself to a future in computer science .
By 1992 Alone in the Dark had been released , arguably laying the foundation for contemporary survival horror .
But before we get to Alone in the Dark , there is another game that must be discussed , as it represents an alternate branch of the horror family tree .
Clock Tower was released in Japan in 1995 for the Super Nintendo , right as that platform ’s reign was coming to a close .
The game is a side - scrolling adventure game produced by Human Entertainment .
Though Clock Tower is a console game , it relies on a point - and - click interface taken directly from the PC adventure game mold .
The game contains item puzzles , has a significant amount of text , and requires the player to progress by solving problems rather than fighting enemies .
But despite being in many ways a classic PC adventure game , Clock Tower also introduced several ideas that persist today .
Clock
Tower takes place it yet another giant Victorian mansion .
The protagonist , Jennifer , is an orphan who goes to the mansion along with several other girls to be adopted by the owner , Mr. Barrows .
But within minutes of their arrival one of her friends is dead and the others are missing , and a crazy kid with a giant pair of scissors is chasing Jennifer all over the house .
After this introduction , the game branches and changes depending on how it is played .
With nine separate endings , Clock Tower is one of the first games to offer the player multiple paths .
Each branch of the story is similar , but puzzles change slightly and plot events unfold in different ways depending on which path is taken .
The key innovation in Clock Tower is also its main game mechanic : hiding .
Throughout the game , Jennifer is pursued by Bobby the Scissorman , a maniacal child with huge shears .
Since she cannot fight , her only recourse is to look for hiding places all around the mansion .
When Jennifer runs from Bobby and hides , the player must wait while Bobby slowly inspects the area .
If he finds her , Bobby can kill Jennifer easily , and the game is over .
If Jennifer is able to successfully hide from Bobby , her hiding spot will not be safe to use again in the future .
This mechanic is extremely effective at creating tension , and it makes Clock Tower one of the first truly frightening horror - adventure games ever made .
I wanted to cover Clock Tower before discussing Alone in the Dark because it represents a significant change in direction from earlier horror games .
Like Uninvited and Sweet Home , Clock Tower is designed to prevent the player from brute forcing its puzzles , but unlike those other games its design also serves to dramatically increase the game ’s fear factor .
Instead of supplying a lot of interactive items or limiting inventory space , Clock Tower prevents the player from screwing around by employing unpredictability .
The game keeps the player guessing at every turn : it is impossible to predict when Bobby will appear , if he will be able to find you when you hide , or even how the game might change depending on your actions .
Many actions have unintended consequences that can change the course of the game , so the player must be careful with how they play .
Again , the result is that brute forcing puzzles in the game is not a viable strategy because lingering in a single area is dangerous and because the puzzles themselves can change from play session to play session .
This approach makes the player feel like they are not in control , which is one if the first ( and most important ) steps to making a game scary .
Clock
Tower is the first horror game to get this right , and it has been emulated in much more well - known games since .
I will return to this point at the end of the article .
About the same time that Clock Tower was hitting the shelves in Japan , my family decided to purchase a new computer .
This time it was a Mac Centris 660av , an absolute powerhouse compared to the SE .
Not only did it support a color monitor , it came with a 15 ″ , 640×480 display and ran System 7 .
The Centris also came with an FPU ( floating point unit ) , and while I did n’t know what that was at the time , I knew that it meant that I could play Alone in the Dark .
In many ways , Alone in the Dark was an experimental twist on a tried - and - true format for adventure games .
Like most adventure games at the time , it relied on hand - drawn backgrounds upon which character and item graphics were overlaid .
The player could interact with items using a small palette of verb actions ( search , push , close , etc ) , and the game play revolved around solving puzzles and finding clues .
But the developers at Atari Europe also made key changes to the formula that caused Alone in the Dark to be quite different from other adventure games .
Alone in the Dark ‘s first major innovation was the application of 3D graphics .
Up until that point , adventure games used hand - drawn sprites to represent the characters in the game world , and often adjusted the size of each sprite to simulate a 3D plane .
But Alone in the Dark rendered its characters in real time , allowing them to pivot and move at any angle .
This was not just a technical innovation : the change allowed the development team to get away from the flat 2D perspective commonly employed by games and instead set up shots with dramatic angles .
This gave the game a much more cinematic feel than previous adventure titles , which helped the developers convey the game ’s horror premise .
Another huge change to the genre introduced by Alone in the Dark is direct control over the character .
Rather than clicking on points in the world and watching the character move , this game allowed you to drive the protagonist around using the arrow keys .
This made the game faster - paced than previous adventure titles ( though it was still quite slow by today ’s standards ) , and allowed the developers to inject much more action into the experience ( shooting now required aiming , etc ) .
Since movement was based on the arrow keys on the keyboard , the protagonist moved like a tank : left and right would rotate the character , while up and down would move forward or backward in the direction the character was facing .
This approach would prove to be incredibly influential throughout the 1990s .
Like every other game discussed so far , Alone in the Dark takes place in a haunted mansion .
Though there are items to collect and rooms to search and Cthulhu ’s minions waiting in the wings , the game took a new approach to preventing the player from forcing his way through the game ’s puzzles .
Rather than limiting inventory , providing a huge number of interactive objects , or adding unpredictability to the game , the developers chose to handicap the player .
The player moves very slowly , much slower than characters in other adventure games at the time , probably to keep game play methodical and prevent the player from running away from enemies .
Another major handicap that the game uses is the way it rations ammunition and health to the player .
Fighting is quite difficult , and since your character cannot run away from fights , every shot begins to count .
There is no way to breeze through this game because you simply cannot move very quickly , and even at max speed the chance that you will be killed is very high .
The designers wanted the player to take their time and explore , and they force this play style on the player by limiting movement , ammunition , and health .
This approach also helped raise tension in Alone in the Dark , as the player understood that the only way to progress is to face the monsters and puzzles head - on .
My Centris was indeed able to run Alone in the Dark as well as games like Marathon and Out of this World , some of my all - time favorites .
But by 1996 I had purchased a PlayStation and a popular horror game called Resident Evil , and my computer use became limited to writing games rather than playing them .
Resident Evil introduced horror games to the mass market , effectively creating the survival horror genre as we know it today .
But looking back at the titles that pre-dated it , we can see that the development team at Capcom was directly influenced by earlier horror games .
Alone in the Dark in particular seems to be the direct parent of the Resident Evil game design : fixed cameras , static backgrounds , a character - centric control scheme , pivot - in - place combat mechanics , Victorian mansions , rationing of ammunition and health , and two playable characters ( one male , one female ) , just to name a few obvious similarities .
The direct line of influence on Resident Evil from Sweet Home is also clear : both Capcom games take a hard line approach to item management ( though the blow was slightly softened in Resident Evil , as the player was granted more inventory space and inter- connected item boxes ) .
Even Uninvited seems to have left its mark in the way that every area in Resident Evil must be throughly ransacked for items , clues , and notebooks .
Both Resident Evil 2 and Resident Evil 3 employed a constantly re-appearing antagonist that can not be killed and may surprise the player at any time , much in the same way that Clock Tower used Bobby the Scissorman to induce fear .
Resident Evil even has a version of the verb palette used by the first graphical adventure games , though it has been streamlined dramatically over the years ( the player can shoot , examine , use items , and combine items ) .
Of course , this sort of influence was not limited to Resident Evil .
Silent Hill also draws from lessons and themes from Uninvited , Alone in the Dark , and Clock Tower .
Perhaps most importantly , Silent Hill shunned the approach taken by Alone in the Dark and Resident Evil to item rationing and management .
Instead , it focused on narrative and puzzles , and relied on unpredictability and exploration to prevent the player from for breezing through the game .
Like Clock Tower , Silent Hill also provides multiple endings to encourage the player to think about how they play .
The Pyramid Head character in Silent Hill 2 is another version of Clock Tower ’s Bobby .
Even more recent games like Siren and Fatal Frame have drawn heavily on mechanics defined a decade earlier ( consider Siren ’s approach to sneaking , hiding , and combat as compared to Clock Tower and Alone in the Dark ) .
All modern video game genres are the result of years of evolution and iteration .
You can look at any modern platformer , first person shooter , racing game , or horror game and follow a direct line of influence back to the very earliest video games .
Looking back at earlier games to witness the gestation of now - common mechanics is interesting because it allows us to dissect and understand modern games more throughly .
Though I did not realize it until many years later , my enthusiasm and enjoyment for games like Resident Evil and Silent Hill had a lot to do with those games providing mechanics that were comfortable and familiar .
In fact , they fit me like a glove because they were modern incarnations of games that I had been playing for years .
The developers of those titles clearly understood the genre that they were working in , and were able to innovate without abandoning tried - and - true mechanics .
Contemporary game developers would do well to study up on the history of their medium ; with so much history to draw from , many of the mistakes that commonly plague video games today could be avoided .
I suspect that the best game designers are those that are extremely well - played , and have a solid understanding of the games that have come before them .
The adventurer was 63 when his plane disappeared in September 2007 DNA tests have confirmed two large bones found near the wreckage of a plane in California are those of US millionaire Steve Fossett , police say .
The adventurer was 63 when he disappeared in September 2007 while on a solo flight from a Nevada ranch .
The bones were found last Wednesday 0.5 miles ( 0.8 km ) east of a crash site in isolated eastern California .
Fossett 's shoes and driver 's licence were also found .
Both showed evidence of animal bite marks , police said .
" A California Department of Justice Forensics lab has determined that items containing DNA - discovered last week - match James Stephen Fossett's DNA , " said police coroners in California .
Click here to see a map of the area Remains found
The plane wreckage was located in a remote stretch of the Sierra Nevada mountains last month after a hiker handed items belonging to the record - breaking adventurer to police .
SOME OF FOSSETT'S RECORDS 1998/2002 : Long - distance for solo ballooning 2001 / 2002 : Duration for solo ballooning 2002 : First solo round - the - world balloon flight First balloon crossings of Asia , Africa , Europe , South America , South Atlantic , South Pacific , Indian Oceans Seven fastest speed sailing titles 13 World Sailing Speed Record Council titles 2001 : Fastest transatlantic sailing 2004 : Fastest round - the - world sailing Round - the - world titles for medium airplanes US transcontinental titles for non-military aircraft
In pictures : Steve Fossett Profile : Steve Fossett Investigators flown to the crash site by helicopter said the single - engine Bellanca Super Decathlon seemed to have struck the mountainside head - on .
Most of the fuselage had disintegrated , with engine parts scattered over a debris field stretching about 150 ft ( 46 m ) by 400 ft ( 122 m ) .
Madera County Sheriff John Anderson said Fossett would have died on impact , adding that it was not unusual for animals to drag away remains .
The adventurer 's widow , Peggy , described the discovery of the bones last week as " another step in the process of completing the investigation into the tragic accident that took Steve 's life " .
Steve Fossett became the first person to circle the globe solo in a balloon in 2002 and had about 100 other world records to his name .
For more than a year after he took off from the Nevada ranch there was no trace of him , despite an intensive search .
He was declared legally dead earlier this year .
But the hiker 's discovery of his belongings last month triggered an aerial search of the area and the wreckage was found about 0.25 miles ( 0.4 km ) away .
Click here to return
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
European leaders meeting in Paris have agreed a plan to tackle the banking crisis , saying no big institution will be allowed to fail .
They pledged to guarantee loans between banks until the end of 2009 , and said they would put money into them by buying preference shares .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy said they were taking unprecedented steps .
World governments have been racing to throw banks a lifeline before the major markets re-open on Monday .
News of the rescue plan came from Mr Sarkozy - whose country currently holds the rotating presidency of the EU - after talks between leaders of the 15 countries in the euro currency zone .
UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown - not a member of the eurozone club - attended parts of the talks .
Britain announced a similar plan last week .
Capital injection Mr Sarkozy said leaders had agreed a framework in which individual countries would be able to inject capital into their own banks by means of preference shares .
He said governments in Germany , France and Italy among others would be presenting their individual plans on Monday , within the agreed framework .
" The crisis has over the past few days entered into a phase that makes it intolerable to opt for procrastination and a go - it - alone approach , " he said .
Mr Sarkozy said the guarantees would be at commercial rates , and he stressed rash financiers would not benefit from the public intervention .
" Where managers are at fault they will be dismissed , " he said .
The poorest and most vulnerable groups risk the most serious - and in some cases permanent - damage
Robert Zoellick
World Bank president Mr Sarkozy said the plan addressed all aspects of the financial crisis , but he did not say how much it would cost .
Analysts say sheer nervousness has been a big factor in the recent share price falls .
But European Commission president Jose Manuel Barroso - also at the talks - said the plan would end " the excessive pessimism of the markets . "
" We have taken the right course for Europe , for our businesses and our citizens , " he said .
Outside Europe , the plan was welcome by the head of the International Monetary Fund , Dominique Strauss - Kahn .
Speaking in Washington , he described the plan as helpful .
" I think that we now have a comprehensive response to the crisis and I think that the market will reflect it , " he said .
The European plan came at the end of a weekend of crisis meetings .
" Decisive action " On Saturday , finance ministers of the main economic nations - the G7 - meeting in Washington issued a five - point plan of what they called " decisive action " to unfreeze credit markets .
During the day on Sunday a number of individual countries announced rescue plans for their banks .
But even as attention focussed on rescue plans for nations of the rich West , the head of the World Bank , Robert Zoellick , warned that the global crisis could hit developing countries even harder .
" The poorest and most vulnerable groups risk the most serious - and in some cases permanent - damage , " he said .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
What ’s changed today in the financial crisis other than John McCain ’s poll numbers tanking ?
Is n’t this the campaign equivalent of faking an injury when you ’re down late in the 4th quarter ?
Note too that McCain was in the midst of debate prep when he made this decision .
Look at what appears to have happened .
Obama reached out to McCain privately to agree to a shared set of bailout principles .
McCain went off the handle again and tried to use the crisis as a way to call off the debates .
Late Update :
One longtime reader says it ’s worse than that :
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao said rich nations must abandon their “ unsustainable lifestyle ” to fight climate change and expand help to poor nations bearing the brunt of worsening droughts and rising sea levels .
China 's Premier Wen Jiabao delivers a speech during the opening ceremony of Beijing high - level conference on climate change at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing November 7 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Jason Lee
Wen told the opening of a conference Friday the financial crisis was no reason for rich nations to delay fighting global warming .
“ As the global financial crisis spreads and worsens , and the world economy slows down apparently , the international community must not waver in its determination to tackle climate change , ” Xinhua news agency quoted him as saying .
The two - day meeting is to push China ’s call for rich nations to fund a huge infusion of greenhouse gas - cutting technology for developing countries .
But foreign officials at the meeting raised doubts about Beijing ’s proposal , which could stoke contention over who pays and how much .
China is widely believed to be the biggest emitter of carbon dioxide , the main greenhouse gas from industry , power plants and vehicles lifting global temperatures .
But Wen threw the onus back on rich nations , with their much higher emissions per person and long history of polluting the air .
“ Developed countries shoulder the duty and responsibility to tackle climate change and should alter their unsustainable lifestyle , ” he told the meeting .
Chinese officials have said wealthy nations should divert as much as 1 percent of their economic worth to paying for clean technology transfers and helping the Third World overcome damage from the rising temperatures bringing more heatwaves and droughts , more powerful storms and rising sea levels .
This would mean a total $ 284 billion a year if members of the Organization for Cooperation and Economic Development ( OECD ) paid up based on the size of their economies in 2007 .
Over 190 nations have agreed to seek a new treaty to curtail greenhouse gases from industry , vehicles and land - clearing .
China wants technology aid to feature in that pact , which negotiators hope to seal in Copenhagen late next year .
HOW TO PAY FOR IT ?
Climate officials gathered in Beijing welcomed China ’s growing activism on the issue but questioned its proposal , especially with an economic downturn draining coffers .
“ It is undeniable that the financial crisis will have an impact on the climate change negotiations , ” said Yvo de Boer , who heads the U.N. Climate Change Secretariat .
“ If we go to citizens under the current circumstances ... and say ‘ I ’m increasing your tax burden in order to pay for climate policy ’ , that might not go down very well , ” he told Reuters .
Denmark ’s Climate Change Minister , Connie Hedegaard , who is helping guide negotiations leading to Copenhagen , said other governments wanted to see what China offers in future emissions goals in return for help and big emissions cuts by rich nations .
Few rich nations have lived up to vows to give a sliver of their GDPs to development aid , giving little hope for any similar approach to climate change , she said in an interview .
“ I think we will not be able to do this at an adequately big scale unless we also activate market forces , ” she said of technology transfers .
But Beijing will wait to see what U.S. President - elect Barack Obama offers in greenhouse gas goals and aid before showing more of its own bargaining cards , said Hedegaard .
“ I definitely believe that behind the scenes things are being prepared and analysed , ” she said of China .
“ But I take it that China , as we all do , will await the new signals coming out of Washington . ”
A reader writes :
History shows us repeatedly that ideology is meaningless when it comes to determining good and evil in the world .
I was reading your post about George Weigel 's view of Catholics who voted for Obama , and it reminded me of something .
Weigel and people like him seem to think that ideology defines who is good and who is evil in our world .
It would be helpful for people who think this way to remember that the worst spy in American history was a conservative , devout Catholic family man who was a member of Opus Dei ( Robert Hanssen ) and that one of the heroes of the Cold War was an alcoholic , womanizing , pro-choice , liberal congressman from Texas who was accused of recreational drug use ( Charlie Wilson ) .
History shows us repeatedly that ideology is meaningless when it comes to determining good and evil in the world .
Losing sight of the fact that all men are sinners and seeing the fight between good & evil in purely ideological terms is why I think so few Christians challenged the immorality and incompetence of the Bush administration and the Republican Party were doing .
I fear that until more Christians realize this many Christians are going to continue to allow themselves to be used by the Republican Party .
Looking back on the campaign , I recall a seminal moment in the Saddleback Forum in August .
Obama and McCain were asked their views of evil .
McCain said his duty was to defeat it , whatever that means .
Obama insisted that evil can be perpetrated by those who intend to do good , and that the Christian duty was to remember that .
Obama lost the debate in political terms , but his answer was , in my judgment , the more authentically Christian one .
McCain 's was Christianist .
There 's a difference .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
The creation of blue flowers - ­historically viewed as a symbol of the impossible - was masterminded by a subsidiary of Suntory , the Japanese drinks company , which has invested three billion yen in the creation of blue roses , blue carnations and other blue flowers since 1990 .
3 Ways To Build Fake Demo Data For Your Rails App
You 've finished the first sprint of your new Rails application and you 're ready to show it to the client - or are you ?
Most user interfaces look better when they 're actually filled with data .
You could sit down and start entering records by hand , wracking your brain to think of new names and addresses .
Or you could take the easier way out by turning to a random data generation library .
We previously looked at the Faker library from Ben Curtis .
Now at version 0.3.1 , Faker is a port of Data : : Faker from perl .
Faker includes modules to generate random names , addresses , phone numbers , and more .
Faker 's data is hard - wired as lookup arrays in its source code , though , and it 's installed as a gem , making it somewhat difficult to extend .
Two other data generators are easier to work with in this regard .
The first of these is the random - data gem , currently at version 1.5.0 .
The brainchild of Mike Subelsky , random - data has a somewhat wider range than faker , covering names , dates , text , addresses , phone numbers , and more .
As with Faker , the basic building blocks of the data are hardwired in the source code , but random - data also implements method_missing in a useful way : if you have a file named " spam.dat " in your load path , then calling Random .
spam will return random lines from the file .
Rails developers will also want to check out Nate Sutton 's forgery plugin .
Forgery uses a Rails generator to move its data into your application , and it also separates data dictionaries from the actual generation code , making it extremely simple to change things like the list of names or cities that it includes .
Forgery also has more data to choose from than the other two libraries , leading to an increased appearance of randomness in the end product .
Is this the end of the test data generation story ?
Probably not .
At least random - data and forgery are still under active development , and I can think of some useful ways to extend them .
For example , it would be great to see some sort of correlated generator that would ensure that a state , zip code , and area code all matched up roughly with one another .
But even in their current state , any of these libraries will do better to fill out your test user interface than laboriously putting in everything by hand .
Tip :
There 's a more basic guide on generating fake names , addresses and more in Ruby over at Ruby And How !
Tweet This Post
Alright , Alright -
Your voices have been heard .
I 've had several requests to do another entry on funny street signs , so here you are .
But ...
Mutations in the CLK - 1 gene , which is involved in the synthesis of coenzyme Q ( ubiquinone ) , slow down aging in both worms and mice .
The gene ’s mechanism of action has been murky : Deficiency in the gene leads to a dietary dependence on ubiquinone and accumulation of a precursor molecule , DMQ , but neither the high levels of DMQ nor a shortage of Q is responsible for the physiological changes observed in CLK - 1-/- mutants — therefore , it ’s possible that the lifespan function of CLK - 1 protein is unrelated to its role in co -Q biosynthesis .
Wang et al. have characterized the wide - spectrum anti-neurodegeneration drug cliquinol , and discovered that it downregulates the activity of the CLK - 1 enzyme .
The data suggests that heavy metal cations are important for the protein ’s longevity - regulation function :
The development of neurodegenerative diseases such as Alzheimer ’s , Parkinson ’s , and Huntington ’s disease is strongly age - dependent .
Discovering drugs that act on the high rate of aging in older individuals could be a means of combating these diseases .
Reduction of the activity of the mitochondrial enzyme CLK - 1 ( also known as COQ7 ) slows down aging in C. elegans and in mice .
Clioquinol is a metal chelator that has beneficial effects in several cellular and animal models of neurodegenerative diseases as well as on Alzheimer ’s disease patients .
Here we show that clioquinol inhibits the activity of mammalian CLK - 1 in cultured cells , an inhibition that can be blocked by iron or cobalt cations , suggesting that chelation is involved in the mechanism of action of clioquinol on CLK - 1 .
We also show that treatment of nematodes and mice with CQ mimics a variety of phenotypes produced by mutational reduction of CLK - 1 activity in these organisms .
These results suggest that the surprising action of clioquinol on several age - dependent neurodegenerative diseases with distinct etiologies might result from a slowing down of the aging process through action of the drug on CLK - 1 .
Our findings support the hypothesis that pharmacologically targeting aging - associated proteins could help relieve age - dependent diseases .
Note the underlined section ( emphasis mine ) — this reminds me of a speculation I offered up a couple of years ago : Could coenzyme Q supplementation , which has a variety of health benefits in mammals , act by end - product inhibition of the ubiquinone synthesis pathway ?
In other words , high levels of the pathway ’s ultimate product could be shutting down the both the enzymatic and lifespan - regulatory function of CLK - 1 , resulting in a phenocopy of the CLK - 1 loss - of - function mutation .
Here , the authors argue that direct enzymatic inhibition of the pathway might be preventing neurodegeneration primarily by slowing down the aging process .
Of course , it ’s also possible that the effect on CLK - 1 is an epiphenomenon and that heavy metal cations cause neurodegeneration directly , so that chelating them is a generally good thing totally unrelated to the drug ’s effect on ubiquinone synthesis .
( If that were true , then we would predict that clioquinone would further prevent the delayed neurodegeneration that eventually occurs in CLK - 1 mutants as well . )
Growing up in the Bible Belt , I was frequently exposed to the expression “ God is Love . ”
I saw it on t- shirts , bumper stickers and the occasional Precious Moments figurine , and figured that I pretty much knew what it meant : it was a shorthand way of describing one of God ’s characteristics , i.e .
“ God ( that Guy we believe in who ’s kind of like a dad , only nicer ) is love ( meaning he ’s really , really , really loving ) . ”
Right ?
It is only recently that I realized that I had it wrong .
One of the biggest lessons I learned in the conversion process , maybe the biggest lesson I learned in my life , was that the phrase “ God is Love ” is meant to be taken literally :
God is love .
God = Love .
It ’s not just some characteristic , but his essence .
To paraphrase the Cynical Christian ’s recent post on a similar subject , when we say “ God is love , ” we ’re not describing what God is , we ’re describing what love is — love is God .
I ’ve been thinking about this a lot lately , how this understanding of God and love played such a key role in my conversion .
It brings light to three issues in particular that would sometimes perplex me as I walked the long path from atheism to belief :
1 . It explains the importance of humility .
When I first began to explore the possibility of God ’s existence , I approached the endeavor the way one might approach proving that something in the material world exists : I put God under the microscope , so to speak , waiting with arms folded across my chest until proof of his existence was presented to me .
Occasionally I would read something about the importance of humility , which I took to mean that one should be open to new data .
So I ’d make a mental note to make sure that I was n’t closing my mind to any sort of proof God might offer me , and promptly return to sitting and waiting with my arms folded across my chest .
This approach made sense since I thought I was seeking an abstract theoretical concept called “ God , ” and saw myself as involved in a process that should require nothing on my part other than observation of data .
Yet I could n’t seem to escape this concept of humility — and the more I read , the more I realized that all these great Christian thinkers were talking about something much more than just admitting that you do n’t have all the answers .
They were talking about embracing radical , self - abandoning humility .
I did n’t get it .
Did these people have hang - ups or something ?
Why were they so determined to believe that you had to be humble yourself before you could seek God ?
Now that I realize that I was seeking not an impersonal theoretical concept but love , Love itself , it makes sense .
I wo n’t get in over my head by trying to fully explain the Christian virtue of humility and get into all the reasons it ’s important ; suffice it to say that I came to see a close connection between love and humility .
Even in human relationships , I realized , one does not find love by starting with an overly skeptical , “ prove it ! ” sort of attitude .
Love is not something that can be dissected under a microscope ; to find it requires emotional involvement on the part of the seeker , a willingness to investigate with the heart in addition to the coldly rational part of the mind .
It requires a questioning mind , and a humble heart .
Which brings me to the next thing I realized …
2 . It explains why it took me so long to “ feel ” God ’s presence .
As anyone who ’s glanced through the archives to this blog knows , I never used to “ feel ” God ’s presence .
I eventually came to believe in his existence on an intellectual level , but was disappointed that I did n’t feel much on an emotional level .
It always seemed like I was talking to myself in prayer , and I often felt a bit jealous that other people seemed to “ know ” God in a way that I did not .
Part of that might have been due to the normal spiritual dryness that most people experience at some point or another , and part is surely because I ’m not a very “ touchy feely ” type of person .
But there was another factor as well , possibly the biggest factor : I did n’t understand that God is Love .
Once I realized that you could replace the word “ God ” with the word “ Love ” in almost any instance , the problem behind a lot of my spiritual struggles became clear .
For example :
“ I ’m seeking God ” = “ I ’m seeking Love “ “ I want to experience God ” = “ I want to experience Love “ “ I want to know God ” = “ I want to know Love “
When I considered the statements on the left side of the equations , each sounded like a nebulous , intellectually difficult endeavor that would require lots of passive contemplation from an armchair ; but when I considered the statements on the right side , each sounded like an exciting , intriguing endeavor that would require the active participation of my mind , heart and soul .
I might not have felt like I knew much about experiencing God , but I did know a thing or two about experiencing love : I knew that you do n’t fall in love by reading about it in books .
You do n’t increase the amount of love in your life by sitting back and waiting for others to make the first move .
It was when I stopped asking “ How does one experience God ? ” and started asking “ How does one experience Love ? ” that I began to really feel God working in my life .
3 . It explains why I now believe in God with all my heart .
In his conversion story , former atheist John C. Wright likened coming to know God to falling in love .
He writes : “ It was like falling in love .
If you have not been in love , I can not explain it .
If you have , you will raise a glass with me in toast . ”
I ca n’t think of a better summary of what I ’ve experienced .
Back when I wrote my original conversion story I talked a lot about how much more sense the world made to me after seeing it through the lens of Christian teaching .
The profound changes I saw based on that understanding alone were enough to convince me that Christianity spoke the truth about God and the world .
But in the year and a half since I typed that up , something else has happened as well : my life has been infiltrated by Love .
A real , external , palpable force of love has entered my life , a distinct presence that was n’t there before .
I do n’t mean that I just feel happy more often or that I try to be more loving towards others or that I think nice thoughts more than I used to ( though all that is true ) , but that the very Source of those things is now involved , and it ’s not coming from within me .
I used to think I ’d always have doubts about God ’s existence .
I ’d been too atheistic in my beliefs for too long , so it would be too much of a change to think in terms of the supernatural .
What I did n’t anticipate when I made that prediction , however , is that I would find Love .
This Love that has ever so slowly become the center of my life is more powerful than anything I ’ve ever known , and to doubt its existence would be to doubt reality .
I could have probably come to deep , unhesitating belief in God much sooner if I ’d understood from the beginning that by seeking God , I was ultimately seeking Love .
Related
Kevin Dayhoff Contact info" Life has a value only when it has something valuable as its object " .
HEGEL , Introduction to Philosophy of History ( 1852 ) Kevin Dayhoff writes from Westminster .
E-mail him at : kdayhoff@carr.org Questions and feedback on the http://kevindayhoff.blogspot.com/ are always welcome and greatly appreciated .
Email is best .
Please be sure to put the word “ KDDC ” in the subject line .
I read all of my mail , but cannot always respond due to time constraints .
Anonymous mail is forwarded to the Department of Homeland Security ( please include your phone number ) .
All mail is subject to print , including your name .
However , if you do n't want me to publish your e-mail , or if you would like to remain anonymous , just let me know .
The statements made on this web site reflect the personal opinions of the author .
All opinions and any and all mistakes that may appear in this blog are my fault and mine alone and are not in any way shape or form made in any official capacity or any past , present or future employers .
This blog is written for human consumption ; however , it has only been tested on anthropomorphic replicants and android sheep .
The Food and Drug Administration wanted it to be tested on animals .
However , the animal rights activists protested , forcing me to abandon testing and release the distressed critters .
I released them in the lobby of the animal rights office .
I figured those friendly folks could best take care of the mice and we all shared a common goal – that the mice be free .
Therefore this material has not been approved by the Food and Drug Administration .
The long - term effects of reading this material remain uncertain .
Please proceed at your own risk .
Unless noted , content on http://kevindayhoff.blogspot.com/ is © Copyrighted to Kevin Dayhoff with all rights reserved .
All information is peripatetically verified when possible , cited as appropriate and applied in the real world at your own risk ( except for insights gathered at séances at Barbra Streisand 's house ) .
If you find a mistake , let me know and I will correct it .
Remember , not all potatoes can swim ; always keep plenty of ice cream available and do not run with sharp objects in your hands .
©2006 Kevin Dayhoff
All rights reserved .
All other trademarks and Registered trademarks are property of their respective owners .
Kevin Dayhoff writes from Westminster Maryland USA .
E- mail him at : kdayhoff@carr.org
http://www.thetentacle.com/
Westminster Eagle Opinion and Winchester Report www.kevindayhoff.com has moved to http://kevindayhoff.blogspot.com/
Scientists have uncovered an ancient and elaborate source of pain relief that is based purely on the power of the mind , according to research published today .
Brain scans of volunteers who were subjected to electrical shocks revealed that Roman Catholics felt less pain than atheists and agnostics when they were shown a painting of the Virgin Mary .
Images of the volunteers ' brains showed that in devout believers , an area of the brain that suppresses reactions to threatening situations lit up when they were shown the picture .
Researchers at Oxford University , led by Katja Wiech , recruited 12 nonbelievers and 12 practising Roman Catholic students .
In the tests , participants were shown either an image of the Virgin Mary by the 17th - century Italian painter Sassoferrato or Leonardo da Vinci 's 15th - century Lady with an Ermine .
After looking at the picture for 30 seconds , the volunteers were zapped with electrical pulses for 12 seconds .
Each time , they were asked to rank how painful the shocks were on a scale of zero to 100 .
The researchers describe how Roman Catholics and nonbelievers reported similar levels of pain after viewing the Leonardo painting .
But the two groups responded very differently to the Virgin Mary painting , with Catholics experiencing 12 % less pain .
When Wiech 's team looked at the brain scans of the two groups , they found marked differences between them .
After seeing the Virgin Mary , an area in the brain called the ventrolateral prefrontal cortex lit up in the religious volunteers .
" The Roman Catholics engaged a brain mechanism that is well known from research into the placebo effect , analgesia and emotional disengagement , " said Wiech .
" It helps people to reinterpret pain , and make it less threatening .
These people felt safe by looking at the Virgin Mary , they felt looked after , so the whole context of the test changed for them . "
It is highly likely that non-religious people could achieve a similar ability to control pain , perhaps through meditation or other mental strategies .
" There 's no suggestion that this effect is specific to religion and we 've not found the God blob in the brain .
This is about the state of mind you can achieve , " said Wiech .
Preliminary studies on lapsed Catholics suggest that images of the Virgin Mary lessen their sense of pain too , the researchers said .
This song fucking rocks and the film is funny at the end or shocking depends on your humor .
Rammstein was arrested in America for doing this stunt at stage
Twenty feet away from me , Britney Spears is pantless .
Her sculpted hair makes her look like Marilyn Monroe on a date with DiMaggio , assuming they 're going to Manhattan 's finest pantless restaurant .
She 's wearing a sweater that probably costs more than my parents ' house , and her white heels add five inches to her five - foot - four pantless frame .
Oh , and did I mention she 's pantless ?
She 's not wearing any pants .
James White
This is a hard detail to ignore .
James White
This is a hard detail to ignore because the men who have seen a pantless Britney belong to a highly select fraternity :
It 's Justin Timberlake , her gynecologist , the photographer who 's doing this particular photo shoot , and ( maybe ) the frontman for a third - rate rap-metal band from Jacksonville , Florida .
That 's more or less everybody .
And -- perhaps stupidly -- I actually thought I was about to rush this semipathetic frat ; I honestly believed the reason I was invited to this photo shoot was to glimpse Britney 's secret garden and write about its cultural significance .
Somehow , that seemed like the only logical explanation as to why her naked ass was being unleashed on the cover of this magazine ; this whole affair must be an aggressive , self - conscious reinvention .
I mean , why else would they have invited the writer to the shoot ?
Why else would Spears have just released the " news " that she lost her virginity at the age of eighteen ( a story that surfaced only twenty - four hours before this very photo session ) ?
Is n't this how the modern media operates ?
Is n't everything wholly overt ?
James White
Actually , no .
Britney 's womanhood will not be seen this afternoon , or at least not seen by me .
All her pictures are ultimately shot behind a fifteen - foot - high opaque partition , and nary a heterosexual man is allowed behind it .
Apparently , the reason I am here is to be reminded that the essence of Britney Spears 's rawest sexuality is something I will never see , even though I know it 's there .
Culturally , there is nothing more trenchant than the fact that Britney Spears will never give it up , even though she already has .
Over the next ninety minutes , I will sit next to a purportedly fully clothed Britney and ask her questions .
She will not really answer any of them .
Interviewing Britney Spears is like deposing Bill Clinton : Regardless of the evidence , she does not waver .
" Why do you dress so provocatively ? " I ask .
She says she does n't dress provocatively .
" But look what you 're wearing right now , " I say , while looking at three inches of her inner thigh , her entire abdomen , and enough cleavage to choke a musk ox .
" This is just a skirt and a top , " she responds .
It is not that Britney Spears denies that she is a sexual icon , or that she disputes that American men are fascinated with the concept of the wet - hot virgin , or that she feels her success says nothing about what our society fantasizes about .
She does n't disagree with any of that stuff , because she swears she has never even thought about it .
Not even once .
" That 's just a weird question , " she says .
" I do n't even want to think about that .
That 's strange , and I do n't think about things like that , and I do n't want to think about things like that .
Why should I ? I do n't have to deal with those people .
I 'm concerned with the kids out there .
I 'm concerned with the next generation of people .
I 'm not worried about some guy who 's a perv and wants to meet a freaking virgin . "
And suddenly , something becomes painfully clear : Either Britney Spears is the least self - aware person I 've ever met , or she 's way , way savvier than any of us realize .
Or maybe both .
Compared with the depletion of the ozone layer or the political future of Arnold Schwarzenegger , I concede that the existence of Britney Spears is light - years beyond trivial .
But if you 're remotely interested in the cylinders that drive pop culture , it 's hard to overestimate her significance .
She is not so much a person as she is an idea , and the idea is this :
You can want everything , so long as you get nothing .
Obviously , Britney is the naughtiest good girl of all time .
But what makes her so different from previous incarnations of jailbait purity -- Tiffany , Brooke Shields , Annette Funicello , et al. -- is her complete unwillingness to recognize that this paradox exists at all .
Case in point :
On the day of our interview , Britney was photographed for this magazine wearing only panties and jewelry , and she pulled down the elastic of her underwear with her thumbs .
If she had pulled two inches more , Esquire would have become Hustler .
But that reality does not affect her reality , which is that these pictures have nothing to do with sex .
Britney : Have n't you ever seen girls on magazine covers before ?
Did you see the J. Lo cover ?
She was wearing a bikini .
Did you see the Cameron Diaz cover ?
Me : Yes , I did .
And why do you think those women did those photo shoots ?
Britney : Because it 's the freaking cover of Esquire magazine !
Why not ?
You get to look beautiful .
It 's not that deep .
Me :
So why do you think the magazine puts women like that on its cover ?
Britney : I do n't know .
Maybe because those people are pretty and appealing , and they work their asses off , and they believe in themselves .
Me : Do you honestly believe that ?
Britney :
Well , some people might say it 's just to make money and sell magazines .
But another reason -- a better reason , and the one I choose -- is that they do it to inspire people .
Britney is almost like the little kid who freaks out Keanu Reeves in The Matrix .
You say you want to bend a spoon ?
Well , the first thing you need to realize is that there is no spoon .
Viewed retrospectively , there 's no doubt that the romance between Justin Timberlake and Britney helped Timberlake 's career more than hers -- especially since Spears always insisted she was a virgin , even after they bought a home together .
Optimistic thirteen - year - old girls could imagine Justin as the ultimate gentleman , perfectly content to keep his paws to himself while the foxiest girl on the planet sat around the house in her underwear , sucking on Popsicles and telling him to wait until she was ready .
They were , in a sense , Virgin Royalty : superrich , über - clean pop stars who epitomized just how wonderful teenaged Americans could still be .
This is why it was so jarring to hear Fred Durst graphically discussing his alleged sexual dalliances with Spears on The Howard Stern Show in February .
Her encounter with the Limp Bizkit frontman -- regardless of whether it 's true -- publicly cemented Spears 's fall from grace ;
Durst is universally perceived as rock 's sleaziest joke .
" That was my fault for hanging out with people like that , " she says of Durst .
" Fred was a very great guy .
He was a nice guy .
And at the time he was trying to come on to me , I was n't in the right frame of mind to have a relationship with anybody .
So maybe I did hurt his ego , and [ going on the radio ] was his way of dealing with that .
But I learned my lesson .
And at the time , I was kind of confused , because my tour had just ended .
Me and my girlfriends went out one night , and I was feeling like a free bird .
But I really do n't want to talk about this . "
I have no idea what those last few statements are supposed to mean ; either she obviously slept with him , or she obviously did n't .
The odds are fifty - fifty .
And this is a balance Britney either a ) consciously strives to sustain , or b ) sustains without even trying .
Cliché as it may sound , she is truly all things to all people : A twelve - year - old girl thinks she 's a hero ; that girl 's older brother thinks she 's a porn star ; that older brother 's girlfriend thinks she 's an example of why women hate themselves ; that girlfriend 's father secretly wishes his own twelve - year - old daughter would invite Britney over for a slumber party .
As long as she never dictates her character -- as long as Spears never overtly says , " This is who I am " -- everyone gets to inject his own meaning .
Subconsciously , we all get to rebrand Britney Spears .
" The public knows when someone is being honest , " she says .
" The people know what 's real .
This might be a weird analogy , but it 's like watching Friends .
You just get what those people are talking about .
It 's funny to you , and you 're drawn to them . "
On the surface , this statement is insane .
It would seem that anyone who watches Friends would never argue that it 's successful because of its " honesty , " nor would it seem as if its characters have conversations that reflect any kind of tangible normalcy .
But every single week , twenty million people watch Friends .
They see something in Chandler Bing and Phoebe Buffay that makes them happy .
And what those twenty million people see is something that Britney sees -- and perhaps Britney understands -- in a way that most of us do not .
" Had I not gone into music , " she tells me , " I probably would have gone to college and become a schoolteacher .
That was my dream , because I love kids .
Either that , or an entertainment lawyer . "
For a moment , I think this is a joke .
But it 's not a joke .
But it 's brilliant .
Schoolteacher , entertainment lawyer , pop star , African warlord -- what 's the fucking difference ?
" I 'm famous , " she concedes , " but I 'm not famous like freaking Brad Pitt or Jennifer Aniston .
But in my weird little head , I just think we 're all here to inspire each other .
We 're all equal .
We just bounce off each other and show the world what we can do . "
Logic would suggest that Spears 's upcoming fourth album will be a reinvention , and that she will try to attract a more mature audience ( much the way Christina Aguilera did with her album Stripped and her freshly conceived Gothic - hooker persona ) .
Britney says nay .
" Actually , the record label wanted me to do certain kinds of songs , and I was like , ' Look , if you want me to be some kind of sex thing , that 's not me . '
I will never do that .
I 'm still doing what I love to do . "
So that settles it .
Do n't be fooled by the photos that accompany this story , true believers : Britney Spears is not going to become some kind of sex thing .
She is still the person you want to imagine .
She always will be .
And she is making that decision ; you are not .
" I was just talking about sexuality with my makeup artist , " she tells me .
" And I was explaining to her that when I was thirteen years old , I used to walk around my house completely naked .
And my dad would say , ' Britney , put some clothes on , we have people over . '
My family just always walked around the house naked .
We were earthy people .
I 've never been ashamed of my body .
We were very free people . "
Yes .
Very free .
And I 'm sure this has no freaking significance whatsoever .
Chuck Klosterman is the author of many fine books , including Chuck Klosterman IV .
Other Women We Love :
Scarlett Johansson
The Victoria 's Secret Ladies
Kate Beckinsale
Monica Bellucci
Evangeline Lilly
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Alien sighting over London ' Science has some catching up ' - claim
ALIEN hunters believe a UFO has been spotted over London , with one conspiracy theorist claiming it is such bonafide proof that " science has some catching up to do " .
Excavations at the Gesher Benot Ya’qov site .
A new study shows that humans had the ability to make fire nearly 790,000 years ago , a skill that helped them migrate from Africa to Europe .
REUTERS / Prof. Naama Goren - Inbar / Hebrew University of Jerusalem / Handout
JERUSALEM ( Reuters ) - A new study shows that humans had the ability to make fire nearly 790,000 years ago , a skill that helped them migrate from Africa to Europe .
By analyzing flints at an archaeological site on the bank of the river Jordan , researchers at Israel ’s Hebrew University discovered that early civilizations had learned to light fires , a turning point that allowed them to venture into unknown lands .
A previous study of the site published in 2004 showed that man had been able to control fire -- for example transferring it by means of burning branches -- in that early time period .
But researchers now say that ancient man could actually start fire , rather than relying on natural phenomena such as lightning .
That independence helped promoted migration northward , they say .
The new study , published in a recent edition of Quaternary Science Reviews , mapped 12 archaeological layers at Gesher Benot Yaaqov in northern Israel .
“ The new data shows there was a continued , controlled use of fire through many civilizations and that they were not dependent on natural fires , ” archaeologist Nira Alperson - Afil said on Sunday .
While they did not find remnants of ancient matches or lighters , Alperson - Afil said the patterns of burned flint found in the same place throughout 12 civilizations was evidence of fire - making ability , though the methods used were unclear .
And because the site is located in the Jordan valley -- a key route between Africa and Europe -- it provides evidence of the human migration , she said .
“ Once they mastered fire to protect themselves from predators and provide warmth and light , they were secure enough to move into and populate unfamiliar territory , ” Alperson - Afil said .
Welcome to your nightmare , Wall Street .
For years and years you 've been able to do pretty much whatever you wanted .
Paid yourselves as much as you wanted , created esoteric products , pushed around regulators , bought politicians , took enormous risks -- risks far bigger than your companies could have ever hoped to cover by themselves .
And now you 've done something incredible .
You 've managed to tarnish -- to bring into question , even -- the primacy and superiority of free market capitalism .
That takes a special kind of stupid .
It takes really smart stupid .
It takes Harvard stupid .
But you , you managed to do it .
You did it by creating a system that was a complete bastardization of capitalism .
The free market is pretty good at ensuring that successes are rewarded and failures are penalized .
It fails when stupid does n't come with penalties .
Harvard stupid comes from thinking that you 're smarter than everyone without recognizing that you still might not be smart enough to control the evil your creations threaten to unleash .
The genius financial products that kept you eyes - deep in Cristal and vacation homes nearly caused the global financial system to seize up .
Do you think that the titans from the University of Maine could bring the free market , the global economy to its knees ?
I sure do n't , if for nothing else because they do n't come from the right families .
I 'm not quite sure that the " let 'em fail " crowd realizes just how spectacularly you almost succeeded at failing .
And I do mean you .
Yes , mortgage banks everywhere participated , and yes , a whole lot of people bought houses that a few seconds on a $ 3 calculator would have told them they could not afford .
But you know and I know that it all started because your yawning maws would take in whatever garbage - quality credit risks you could find because you could feed them into the machine and they 'd come out smelling of rosewater on the other side -- part of a AAA - rated tranche of loans for you to sell , speculate in , or re-securitize .
You got your sales commissions , your fat bonuses , your skyrocketing share prices .
Here 's what else you got : thousands of families losing their homes .
The devastation in some parts of the country is so bad that it 's transcended the financial on into the ecological .
Click on this , if you dare .
So here 's the thing .
It seems ever more likely that the U.S. taxpayer is going to step in and clean up the mess that your chase for yield created .
The Senate has passed a bill , and now comes a revote in the House of Representatives .
If they pass the bill and decide to put your mess on the Underhill tab , we , the Underhills , own you .
( Yes , that was a Fletch reference . )
Today you might do a little dance and thank the Almighty that the cavalry is on the way .
But recognize that this cavalry is n't some sovereign wealth fund from Norway or Abu Dhabi .
You can't roll out some statistical arbitrage chop socky and expect us to believe you .
We do n't .
Further , we 're not at all pleased that you nearly managed to ruin capitalism for the rest of us .
And we have folks in our midst who are capable of reading financial statements .
Remember those big fat bonuses you got last year for turning toxic paper into AAA - rated inverse IO Strips which you dumped on some benighted bank somewhere ( who really ought to have known better ) ?
If your bonuses come within an order of magnitude of where they were last year , I 'm pretty sure there will , in fact , be bloodthirsty mobs .
By the time they 're done , Wall Street will look like it has been hit with a wholly unlikely combination of calamities including hurricanes , staph infections , choking , golf ball - sized hail , dropsy , carpal tunnel syndrome , homeowners ' association meetings , and Mongol invasion .
It 's the kind of violent force of nature you 're pretty sure you 'd rather have pointing away from you .
Congress knows it , too .
They would like nothing more than an excuse to frogmarch a few of you down to Washington for any perceived inability on your part to get That Which We Are Coming From .
The gigantic paydays of the past are n't coming back anytime soon .
Truth be told , you were never worth that kind of money anyway .
Sorry , Wall Street .
Your Masters of the Universe privileges have been revoked .
Please stand by ; your new assignments will arrive shortly .
What They Think of Us
I s Rev Jesse Jackson crying tears of joy ... or tears of frustration ?
Tears streamed down the face of the Reverend Jesse Jackson as he waited to hear Barack Obama 's victory speech .
But cynical commentators wondered if they were tears of joy for America 's first black president or of frustration because the veteran civil rights leader knows he will be an outsider looking in at the new administration .
Sincere ?
Reverend Jesse Jackson reacts after projections show that Senator Barack Obama will be elected to serve as the next President of the United States of America
Relations have been frosty since Jackson was caught out crudely criticising Obama when a microphone was switched on before a television interview in July .
While celebrities such as Oprah Winfrey were in the Obama inner circle to celebrate his victory in Chicago 's Grant Park , Jackson was lingering at the back .
He insisted his tears were because he was thinking of the history of black people in the U.S. and their rise from slavery to president .
A reader writes :
My 7 year old just learned about gay marriage .
Not form his school or teacher , but by the Yes on Prop 8 ad on radio while carpooling to school .
He asked me about it and I gave an age appropriate answer .
I have no doubt that many other kids will learn about the gay marriage thanks to prop 8 ads .
I hope the theocrats realize the irony ...
Ruchira
Paul takes me to task :
Those of us who grew up in countries where rigid identity politics ( religion , caste , gender ) is the norm , know that sometimes voters can indeed eschew prejudice in politics without revising broader cultural attitudes .
Just because a male chauvinist votes for a female head of state or a casteist elects a candidate from a lower caste , does n't mean the end of other personal predilections .
Think Indira Gandhi and Benazir Bhutto and the status of the majority of women in India and Pakistan .
In these turbulent times , out of self interest , a white racist may very well vote for a black candidate who appears to be more competent than his opponent .
But that does n't necessarily mean that the US is going to be transformed into a cheerful Rainbow Coalition if Senator Obama becomes president .
In any case , we do n't for sure know who will be the winner next Tuesday .
We have to wait and see if Obama will become the victim of the Bradley effect or the beneficiary of the pragmatist racist vote .
( CNN ) -- Pulitzer Prize - winning author , radio host and activist Studs Terkel died in his Chicago , Illinois , home Friday at the age of 96 .
Pulitzer Prize - winning author Studs Terkel died at his home Friday at the age of 96 .
Terkel had grown frail since the publication last year of his memoir , " Touch and Go , " said Gordon Mayer , vice president of the Community Media Workshop , which Terkel had supported .
" I 'm still in touch , but I 'm ready to go , " he said last year at his last public appearance with the workshop , a nonprofit that recognizes Chicago reporters who take risks in covering the city .
" My dad led a long , full , eventful -- sometimes tempestuous -- satisfying life , " his son Dan said in a statement .
" The last time I saw him , he was up , about , and mad as hell about the Cubs , " workshop President Thom Clark said in the statement .
Terkel , known for his portrayal of ordinary people young and old , rich and poor , won a Pulitzer Prize in 1985 for his remembrances of World War II , " The Good War . " iReport.com : Remebering the legacy of Studs Terkel
Terkel was born in New York but moved to Chicago , where his parents ran a small hotel .
Terkel would sit in the hotel lobby watching droves of people arguing , fighting , ranting and telling stories .
" That hotel was far more of an education to me than the University of Chicago was , " Studs told CNN in 2000 .
It seems that beginning would pave the way for Terkel 's love of passing on people 's oral histories .
He could often be found behind a tape recorder talking to the people who would eventually become the basis for his books .
Terkel became famous , if not synonymous with oral histories , for his ability to cast a light on the working class .
" Oral history preceded the written word , " Terkel told CNN in 2000 .
" Oral history is having people tell their own stories and bringing it forth .
" That 's what history 's about : the oral history of the unknowns that make the wheel go 'round .
And that 's what I 'm interested in . "
In an interview with Lou Waters on CNN in 1995 , Terkel spoke about his book " Coming of Age , " which explored the lives of people who have been " scrappers " all of their lives .
Inside the book are the stories of people between the ages of 70 and 95 , a group he called " the truth tellers . "
" Who are the best historians ?
Who are the storytellers ? "
Terkel asked .
" Who lived through the Great Depression of the '30s , World War II that changed the whole psyche and map of the world , a Cold War , Joe McCarthy , Vietnam , the '60s , that 's so often put down today and I think was an exhilarating and hopeful period , and , of course , the computer and technology .
Who are the best ones to tell the story ?
Those who 've borne witness to it .
And they 're our storytellers . "
After Terkel 's wife died in 1999 , he began working on a book about death , eventually called " Will the Circle Be Unbroken ?
Reflections on Death , Rebirth , and Hunger for a Faith . "
" It 's about life , " Terkel said in 2000 when asked about the project .
" How can one talk about life without saying sometime it 's going to end ?
It makes the value of life all the more precious . "
All About Studs Terkel • Chicago
The mess in the U.S. financial system is making me nostalgic for the dot - com collapse of 2000 - 2002 .
That , too , was a cataclysmic bursting of an insane market bubble .
But , as we are painfully learning , it ’s one thing for the economy to lose Pets.com and a few hundred , or thousand , similar start - ups ; it ’s another thing entirely to watch the market bet on the demise of , say , the nation ’s two largest providers of mortgage money .
The U.S. credit crunch turned 1 year old this month , and the situation clearly is n’t improving .
Major financial companies continue to reel from huge losses on defaulted home loans .
Barring a dramatic turnaround in the economy , commercial real estate loans could become the next black hole -- although the banks will say , as they did initially with home loans , that commercial losses should be “ manageable . ”
Advertisement
The unwinding of any market mania takes time , of course , and produces many casualties .
That ’s the ugly side of capitalism at work .
But the casualties of the tech bubble mostly were little companies that were n’t important in the greater economic scheme of things .
Titans like Cisco Systems Inc. saw their stock market values plummet from 2000 to 2002 , but there was never a danger that Cisco would go kaput .
By contrast , the enduring memory of the financial bubble ’s collapse will be the number of marquee companies either swept away or forced to shrink drastically to survive .
That issue was a key element of a speech that Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S. Bernanke delivered Friday .
The central bank chief focused on how regulators might deal with “ future systemic shocks ” within the financial industry -- company failures or near - failures so large they could trigger chain reactions with potentially dire consequences .
Advertisement
We ’ve already lived through several such systemic shocks this year .
Countrywide Financial Corp. , brokerage Bear Stearns Cos. and IndyMac Bancorp are history , the first two rescued just in the nick of time by larger rivals , the third seized by the government .
Now , shares of mortgage titans Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac trade for less than a fast - food lunch as the market bets that a government takeover is inevitable , if not imminent .
This week was another rumor - fueled ride on Wall Street .
Fears of an impending failure of another major financial company were stoked by a speech early in the week by Kenneth Rogoff , a former chief economist at the International Monetary Fund and a historian of financial crises .
“ The worst is yet to come , ” he said of the U.S. financial system .
“ We ’re not just going to see mid-sized banks go under in the next few months .
We ’re going to see a whopper , we ’re going to see a big one , one of the big investment banks or big banks . ”
Advertisement
By late in the week Lehman Bros.
Holdings Inc. , long on the list of the most at - risk institutions , was said to be shopping itself to potential foreign buyers , including a state - run South Korean development bank .
And shares of Washington Mutual Inc. , the biggest U.S. thrift institution , on Friday fell to their lowest level since mid-July on renewed jitters about the Seattle - based company ’s viability .
U.S. regulators are in a trap .
They ’d prefer to simply allow ruined banks and other financial companies to fail , thus purging the system .
But the list of potential victims now includes too many of the biggest institutions , which in turn have financial ties to countless other players in the business .
Every huge tree that falls can take down a lot of other trees .
Advertisement
Even so , Bernanke said Friday that regulators would have to be more disciplined in how they handle future shocks , with the goal of “ reducing the range of circumstances ” in which a threat to the financial system ’s stability “ might be expected by markets to prompt government intervention ” -- i.e. , a bailout .
For Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , a bailout of some magnitude already is baked in the cake , thanks to the authority Congress gave Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson Jr. last month .
“ Too big to fail ” is synonymous with Fannie and Freddie , given that they own or guarantee nearly half of all U.S. home loans .
But if regulators are ready to play tougher with other financial companies in jeopardy , they are likely to have plenty of opportunities to demonstrate their resolve .
That ’s because the banking and brokerage businesses have entered a second phase of the bad - asset workout , according to one large hedge fund manager whose views circulate on Wall Street but who does n’t seek or want publicity .
Advertisement
The first phase , the manager says , involved attempts by loss - ridden financial companies to raise fresh capital from investors .
Some were successful , some were not .
The second phase , now underway , involves fire sales of assets by banks and brokerages that have no choice but to shrink themselves because there is n’t enough willing and able capital out there to buttress every damaged balance sheet that needs it .
And as assets are dumped at fire - sale prices , that will trigger markdowns of similar assets , further weakening the finances of banks and brokerages across the board .
“ We are approaching a solvency crisis that we think is about to result in an avalanche of asset sales , ” the hedge fund manager says .
Advertisement
Good luck , Chairman Bernanke .
--
tom.petruno@latimes.com
A second lawsuit was filed Friday by minority shareholders who allege that a close family friend of Sen.
Norm Coleman used a marine company in Texas to pay $ 75,000 to the senator via a Minneapolis insurance company where Coleman 's wife , Laurie , is an independent contractor .
The suit attributes the allegations to a " confidential source . "
Coleman 's campaign manager , Cullen Sheehan , said Friday night that the suits are " baseless and false claims ... being used to influence the outcome of the election . ''
Sheehan also said that the Star Tribune , by reporting on the lawsuits , " is actively participating in the destruction of the reputation of Senator Coleman and his wife . ''
On a campaign swing through the state Friday , Coleman characterized the first lawsuit , which was filed in Texas , as a false and " sleazy " political attack .
In a written statement , he linked it to " malicious ' ' campaigning by DFL challenger Al Franken " and his allies . ''
" If my opponents have any shred of decency left in this campaign -- stop attacking my family , '' Coleman said in a statement .
Franken spokeswoman Colleen Murray said no one associated with the Franken campaign had anything to do with bringing the lawsuit to light .
She said Coleman was trying to deflect serious sworn allegations by Paul McKim , founder of Deep Marine Technology Inc. of Houston , in the first lawsuit .
That lawsuit , filed in Harris County District Court in Houston , also alleges that Coleman friend Nasser Kazeminy steered the money from Deep Marine to the senator via Hays Companies , where Laurie Coleman , the senator 's wife , has worked as an independent contractor since 2006 .
Neither Hays nor the Colemans are parties to the lawsuit , but Coleman said it is clear that McKim timed the suit to use the election as leverage .
In an interview conducted in a downtown Houston office Friday , McKim said , " I 'm a Republican , but I 'd never heard of Coleman before . ''
He said he has given small campaign contributions to a few Republican politicians , including U.S. Sen.
Kay Bailey Hutchinson of Texas .
" I do n't know the man .
Maybe he 's a good man getting tangled up in this .
I feel bad for anybody getting tangled up . ''
McKim also said it 's possible that no money from Deep Marine ever reached the Colemans .
Bruce Gilman , chairman and interim CEO of Deep Marine , said in a statement Friday that the company is " conducting its own investigation , which was launched immediately upon our being made aware of the allegations .
...
To date , we have not found any evidence of wrongdoing . "
Hays Companies , with headquarters in downtown Minneapolis , said Friday that McKim 's lawsuit contains false and defamatory allegations and is " disreputable . ''
The firm also defended Laurie Coleman , saying " We find any allegations that she accepted money for work she was not responsible for to be outrageous and contemptible . ''
Kazeminy is a former Control Data Corp. executive who has made campaign contributions to Coleman and is described by the senator as a close family friend .
Calls have been made to his attorney and to NJK Holdings in Bloomington , headquarters for a large segment of his varied business enterprises , but Kazeminy has been unavailable for comment .
Anthony Paduano , a New York lawyer involved in the new lawsuit , said the suit was filed in Delaware Chancery Court by business partners who own more than 5 percent of stock in Deep Marine .
The lawsuit is very similar to one filed earlier in the week in Houston by McKim .
Both actions allege that Kazeminy told executives at Deep Marine that he wanted to provide financial assistance to the Colemans through an insurance consulting arrangement between Deep Marine and Hays Companies .
But the second suit cites a " confidential source . "
The lawsuit alleges " gross misuse ' ' of corporate funds at Deep Marine by Kazeminy , who controls a majority share of stock .
The complaint contains a section of allegations related to " improper payments to Senator Norman Coleman 's wife . ''
But in a new wrinkle , Deep Marine 's former CEO , McKim , is named as a co-defendant with Kazeminy and several other individuals who were in positions of authority at the company .
McKim 's lawsuit was based on his sworn statement that Kazeminy coerced him and others to make three $ 25,000 payments to Hays .
The second suit , brought by FLI Deep Marine LLC and Bressner Partners LTD , attributes its allegations to a " confidential source . ''
According to the lawsuit , the source was told by Kazeminy in 2007 that " we have to get some money to Senator Coleman ' ' because the senator " needs the money . ''
McKim has said the timing of the lawsuit was dictated by events related to his recent departure from Deep Marine , which was over his conflict with Kazeminy .
McKim elaborates McKim told the Star Tribune on Friday that he filed his lawsuit to seek justice over $ 22 million in damages to Deep Marine he alleges were largely caused by bad boat deals engineered by Kazeminy and his associates .
Less than 1 percent of the damages listed in the suit are related to the $ 75,000 that Kazeminy allegedly directed to Coleman .
" I 'm sorry it happened at this time , '' McKim said , " but I have to look myself in the eye .
It 's just the truth .
It is what it is . ''
McKim said he recalls how Kazeminy approached him and Deep Marine 's chief financial officer in 2007 with a directive to channel $ 100,000 to the senator via Hays .
" He said that the senator 's wife worked there and she could get the money to him , '' McKim said .
" I was kind of stunned .
I was really shocked he would come out and say that so nonchalantly . ''
At the time , the sea diving and underwater construction company that McKim founded in 2001 had no need for new insurance services , McKim said .
The company was paying $ 1 million a year for coverage arranged through underwriters in London who specialized in underwater offshore lines , he said .
McKim said he feared that Kazeminy would fire him if he did n't go along .
But after three $ 25,000 installments were paid to Hays , the CEO stepped in and blocked the fourth scheduled payment .
" Maybe I just should have shut up and turned an eye and do like a bunch of other folks in business do , '' McKim said .
" I could n't do that . ''
SAN FRANCISCO 
A group of Canadian human - rights activists and computer security researchers has discovered a huge surveillance system in China that monitors and archives certain Internet text conversations that include politically charged words .
The system tracks text messages sent by customers of Tom - Skype , a joint venture between a Chinese wireless operator and eBay , the Web auctioneer that owns Skype , an online phone and text messaging service .
The discovery draws more attention to the Chinese government ’s Internet monitoring and filtering efforts , which created controversy this summer during the Beijing Olympics .
Researchers in China have estimated that 30,000 or more “ Internet police ” monitor online traffic , Web sites and blogs for political and other offending content in what is called the Golden Shield Project or the Great Firewall of China .
The activists , who are based at Citizen Lab , a research group that focuses on politics and the Internet at the University of Toronto , discovered the surveillance operation last month .
They said a cluster of eight message - logging computers in China contained more than a million censored messages .
They examined the text messages and reconstructed a list of restricted words .
" She heard rumours of a woman who hanged herself in the flat , and it really got to her .
She told me she was so spooked by it that she hated going back to her flat at night . "
I double dog dare you to watch this Maya Angelou interview from today 's CBS Early Show without tearing up .
" I am so filled with pride for my country , " Angelou tells anchor Harry Smith .
" We are growing up !
My God , I 'm so grateful . "
Of Barack Obama , Angelou says , " He 's intelligent .
I do n't mean intellectually clever .
I mean intelligent .
What used to be called mother wit .
He has common sense , which is most uncommon . "
Her words are so incredibly inspiring , and she wraps up her CBS appearance by reciting from her classic poem , " Still I Rise . "
" My lord , " Angelou exclaims , " I'm an American , baby ! "
Advertisement
By Kim Ghattas
BBC News , Washington
His lawyers described him as a two - bit driver who hung out with the wrong people .
The US government maintained he was a dangerous terrorist who should be sentenced to life in jail .
Hamdan spent more than five years in Guatanamo Bay Regardless of how important a role he may have played as Osama Bin Laden 's driver , 40 - year - old Yemeni national Salim Hamdan , became a central figure in the saga of trials at the controversial detention centre in Guantanamo Bay .
He frustrated the Bush administration by challenging the system of military commissions originally set up in Guantanamo , by taking his case to the Supreme Court in 2006 , in Hamdan vs Rumsfeld .
He was the first person convicted in a contested trial at the small , windowless courtroom on a hilltop at the US naval base in Guantanamo .
But the verdict and relatively short sentence he was given were seen as a blow to the White House .
Now , his transfer to Yemen , where he is to serve the remaining month of his sentence , could portend a way forward for the release of the other 100 Yemenis still being held - the largest national group and one of the biggest headaches for the US administration .
But crucially , his departure from Guantanamo signals the beginning of the end for the detention facility .
Thicket of problems " It 's all unravelling , " said Navy Lt Cmdr , Brian Mizer , Hamdan 's defense attorney .
Just last month , the US administration had sought to get Hamdan re-sentenced because officials felt that the judge , Navy Cpt Keith Allred , had erred by crediting him for time already served
President - elect Barack Obama has said he will close down the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay .
But even before he moves into the White House , a feeling of uncertainty hangs over Gitmo , as it is also known , with a top judge retiring , a prosecutor quitting and everybody awaiting the details of Obama 's plan to deal with the thicket of problems that closing Guantanamo will raise - legal , logistical , diplomatic , political and security - related .
For Hamdan , the end of his Guantanamo journey has already come .
The father of two was caught at a road block in Afghanistan in 2001 , soon after the attacks of 11 September , as US forces bombed suspected Taleban al - Qaeda targets in Afghanistan .
He was charged with conspiracy and providing material support for terrorism .
But in August , a jury of six military officers dismissed the more serious charge of conspiracy and found guilty only of the lesser charge of material support .
In a stunning blow to the Bush administration , it only gave him a five - and - a - half year sentence , crediting him with the five he had already served .
' Political gain '
The prosecution at the time claimed the sentence showed the system of the military commissions were fair but Hamdan 's lawyers , and civil rights groups , while pleased with the sentence maintained that the whole system was flawed .
Closing Guantanamo will be a complicated process
The Pentagon then announced that the US military had the right to continue holding Hamdan indefinitely as an unlawful enemy combatant if he was deemed to continue posing a threat .
Just last month , the US administration had sought to get Hamdan re-sentenced because officials felt that the judge , Navy Cpt Keith Allred , had erred by crediting him for time already served .
It is unclear what brought the reversal , but the decision to transfer Hamdan to Yemen was reportedly taken by the White House .
" That only confirms what we said in Hamdan 's case about these being political commissions driven by politicians and political appointees for political gain rather than experienced prosecutors and the pursuit of justice , " said Mizer .
" The decision to continue holding him was so patently illegal that even hard liners in the government knew they had to repatriate him . "
Concern about Yemen A spokesperson for the Yemeni Embassy , Mohammed el Basha said it was " a good - faith gesture by the White House " .
The decision to send Hamdan to Yemen took many by surprise , including his lawyers
He said he hoped the release was the first of many to come and that negotiations were continuing .
The group of Yemenis is described by experts as a combination of accidental warriors and unrepentant combatants though in most cases , it is unlikely there is enough evidence to put them on trial .
But the US is concerned about Yemen 's ability to monitor and rehabilitate them .
Three of the seven men involved in an attack against the US embassy in Yemen in September were graduates of the Yemeni rehabilitation programme .
A former Guantanamo inmate from Kuwait was involved in a suicide attack against US troops in Iraq earlier this year , adding to general concerns about the ability of countries to monitor the repatriated former detainees .
" We have proved that we are part of the war against terror because the violence is directed at us as well , " said el Basha .
" So we understand the request for assurances . "
The decision to send Hamdan to Yemen took many by surprise , including his lawyers , who received a call on a Saturday to alert them to the imminent transfer , which eventually took place Tuesday .
" We were able to call him on Sunday and had an emotional , one - hour call , " said Mizer .
" He was guardedly optimistic and did n't want to believe it .
He also apologised for his demeanour . "
Complicated closure Mizer who worked on the case from the start developed a close relationship with his client , as his only access to the outside world .
The US has to decide how to deal with future suspects captured in the war on terror
But he also described a difficult relationship at a times with a man who tried to make up for his powerless situation by exercising some authority over his defence attorneys .
Mizer also visited Hamdan 's family in Yemen to collect testimony from his wife .
The Washington Post commented that the Bush administration had acted fairly and responsibly by taking the decision to transfer Hamdan .
It also remarked that this " spares incoming president Barack Obama the burden of deciding at the very outset of his administration whether , when and where to release Mr Hamdan " .
It is indeed one decision less to take in relation to Guantanamo Bay , but with more than 200 detainees remaining , including high - profiles like Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , the 9/11 plotter , the road to closing Guantanamo will be long and complicated .
Thorny question Nearly 800 men were brought to Guantanamo over the years , since it opened in 2002 .
The majority have been released or transferred to their home countries because there is not enough evidence to put them on trial for war crimes .
Charles Stimson , a former deputy assistant secretary of defence for detainee affairs , also said that by transferring Hamdan before the end of his sentence , the Bush administration had avoided dealing with the thorny question of the continued detention of unlawful enemy combatants .
With the US still involved in two wars in Iraq , and in Afghanistan , and facing the possible threat of further attacks , the Obama administration will still have to decide how to handle any future capture of suspects linked to al - Qaeda and potential security threats .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A handful of the nation 's wealthiest gay men pumped more than $ 4.5 million into the campaign against Prop.
8 , part of a flood of lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender money that accounted for more than half the $ 38 million raised in the unsuccessful effort to block the same - sex marriage ban in California .
A direct appeal to the community in the final weeks of the campaign brought a surge of new money into the No on Prop.
8 effort , sometimes as much as $ 1 million a day .
" Most of our major contributors were either gay or regular contributors to LGBT causes , " said Steve Smith , who ran the campaign against Prop .
8 . " I think we had an extraordinary response from the gay and lesbian community . "
Much of that money came from individuals and groups that make no secret of their orientation .
" It 's tremendously important for gays and lesbians to be out when they make political contributions , " said Michael Fleming , who advises David Bohnett , a Beverly Hills technology entrepreneur .
Bohnett , who gave $ 1.2 million to the effort to block Prop. 8 , is one of a group of wealthy gay men who Time magazine recently suggested were seen as " a kind of secret Super Friends , a homosexual justice league " that moves around the nation spending millions of dollars to support gay and lesbian causes and back candidates who back their views .
While people close to the group collectively winced at the magazine 's description of a shadowy group of gay activists styling themselves as " the Cabinet , " political finance records show that wealthy gays and their foundations are taking an increasingly public role in the fight for marriage equality and other gay and lesbian issues .
Tim Gill , for example , is a Denver man who founded Quark Inc. , a pioneer in the desktop publishing world .
Gill , along with his Gill Action Fund , put $ 720,000 into the No on Prop. 8 campaign .
In 2000 , Gill gave $ 250,000 to defeat California 's Prop. 22 , which banned same - sex marriages in the state until it was overturned by the state Supreme Court in May .
In 2006 , the Gill Action Fund also spent $ 3.7 million in nine states in an unsuccessful effort to block same - sex marriage bans .
His foundation also has given $ 120 million to a variety of nonprofit groups , many of them with links to the gay and lesbian community .
Big -name donors
Jon Stryker , heir to a Kalamazoo , Mich. , medical implements fortune , gave more than $ 1 million to the attempt to defeat Prop .
8 . Since 2000 , his Arcus Foundation has given more than $ 50 million to gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender causes .
San Francisco philanthropist James Hormel , heir to the meatpacking fortune , gave $ 300,000 to the fight against Prop .
8 . He 's also given hundreds of thousands to Democratic Party causes and put money into state and congressional races across the country .
Bruce Bastian , a onetime Mormon who gave $ 1 million to the anti-Prop .
8 campaign , said that gays and lesbians have to stand up and level the financial playing field if they want to get their message out and gain marriage equality .
" One thing I learned as a Mormon was that preaching costs money , " Bastian said in a Chronicle interview in July .
Gay celebrities contributed
There was plenty of money from gay groups and out gays and lesbians .
Fred Eychaner , a Chicago businessman , gave $ 250,000 .
Comedian Ellen DeGeneres gave $ 100,000 , as did actor T.R. Knight and DreamWorks CEO David Geffen .
Former Santa Barbara GOP Rep. Michael Huffington gave $ 100,000 , as did New York City philanthropist Henry van Ameringen and Coral Gables , Fla. , businessman Jonathan Lewis .
Gay rights groups like Equality California , the Human Rights Campaign , the National Center for Lesbian Rights and the National Gay and Lesbian Task force collected millions in contributions to fight Prop. 8 , not all of them from gay and lesbian sources .
The Los Angeles Gay and Lesbian Service Center gave $ 1 million , while smaller organizations from across the nation chipped in with support .
It was n't all big donors .
San Francisco City Treasurer Jose Cisneros gave $ 1,000 , while former city Supervisor Roberta Achtenberg donated $ 250 .
Campaign sources estimated that more than half of No on Prop.
8 's 100,000 donors gave less than $ 100 .
Stepping up
The gay and lesbian community was there when it was needed , said Smith , campaign manager for the No side .
In early October , he held an unusual news conference for the gay media only , telling them that the campaign was low on money , sinking in the polls and needed help , fast .
" Two days later , we had our first $ 1 million ( contribution ) day and we probably averaged $ 500,000 a day to the end of the campaign , " Smith said .
" Though there 's no way to know for sure , I 'm confident much of that money came from gay and lesbian sources . "
That support did n't come as a surprise to Prop. 8 supporters .
" There was a ton of gay money put into the No campaign , although it 's hard to say how much because no one asks what your sexual orientation is when you give , " said Frank Schubert , political consultant for Prop .
8 . " I do n't know how that 's different from the Mormons and Catholics who gave to us . "
Calling for church boycotts
Equality California , which took the lead in the anti-Prop .
8 effort , estimates that Mormons donated as much as $ 20 million to Prop. 8 , while the Knights of Columbus , a Catholic fraternal group , gave $ 1.25 million to the effort and the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops , $ 200,000 .
Some of the opponents of Prop. 8 have called for a boycott of Mormon - owned businesses and others who gave money to support the ban on same - sex marriage , which is being challenged in court .
People should n't be any more surprised that Mormons , Catholics and other religious groups gave money to Prop.
8 than they are that gays and lesbians opened their checkbooks to support it , said Edwin Bender , executive director of the National Institute on Money in State Politics .
" It 's the people who are affected who get involved , and you 'll always find a few people with deep pockets taking the lead , " he said .
" Ballot measures are direct democracy at its purest , and when you talk about issues like ... marriage rights , it becomes very personal . "
Airport screener Rupesh Persaud still remembers the day he first discovered that the behavior detection training he'd received from the Transportation Security Administration actually works .
The 30 - year - old used the physical indicators he'd been taught -- deception and fear ' tells ' similar to the those studied by professional poker players -- to identify a suspicious traveler passing through a security checkpoint at Newark Liberty International Airport .
" He was showing signs of fear and he had some stress factors in there too , " said Persaud , who questioned the man after he was pulled aside for a bag search .
" When we found the knife , he became irate .
It turned out he had a warrant and the police took him away . "
Persaud , of Paterson , is one of 2,000 behavior detection specialists and 240 explosives detection specialists who have been assigned to U.S. airports since 2004 .
Their foremost goal is catching potential terrorists and stopping dangerous passengers .
But their methods have had another upside for travelers -- reducing delays and decreasing passenger stress levels .
" TSA is reclaiming the quality of life for passengers , " said TSA spokeswoman Lara Uselding .
Uselding said reducing the stress levels of air travelers in turn helps behavior specialists spot suspicious ones in a calm crowd .
It seems to be working .
Of the 60,285 passengers behavioral screeners deemed suspicious so far this year , 509 were arrested for various reasons , according to the TSA .
The new specialists have also cut the number of terminal evacuations nearly in half this year from 2007 -- there were 98 terminal evacuations nationwide so far this year , compared with 194 in 2007 .
Each evacuation cost airlines thousands of dollars , delays flights and causes passengers to miss their connections and rides .
Because the specialists are nearby , screeners have someone to quickly turn to at a checkpoint when they 're not sure if a passenger or item is a threat , instead of having to bring in outside experts or proceed alone .
Mike Walsh , who joined TSA as a bomb appraisal officer after 21 years with the New York Police Department bomb squad , said many things can appear suspicious to a vigilant screener , including blocks of cheese that resemble plastic explosives on X - ray machines .
Some of the them are false alarms .
In June , bomb specialists were summoned to a Newark Liberty checkpoint to inspect an art project a student was taking to Europe .
The project , which had batteries , wires and switches attached to books , raised red flags but turned out to be benign .
That 's not always the case .
A suspected pipe bomb was found in a carryon bag at Long Island 's MacArthur Airport last month , and TSA officers in Orlando found dynamite in a man 's luggage in April after a behavior specialist spotted a suspicious passenger .
Because the specialty screeners are there , the TSA has been able to lift some baggage restrictions .
Cigarette lighters , which were banned in 2007 in response to convicted shoe bomber Richard Reid 's failed attempt to light a shoe bomb aboard an American Airlines flight , are now permitted .
And breast milk , which was restricted after an intelligence warning about liquid explosives , is also now allowed .
And starting Nov. 20 , airports across the country will have designated security lanes for families to move through preflight inspections at their own pace , just in time for the busy U.S. holiday travel season .
But sometimes , a sweaty passenger is just that and nothing more .
When screener Anthony Denarco came across a 7 - inch butcher knife in a passenger 's carryon bag , he pulled the man aside for questioning .
" He was also exhibiting some involuntary stress factors , " Denarco said .
The man , an Orthodox Jew , told Denarco he had forgotten the knife was in there .
" He said he was attending his daughter 's wedding and the knife was for religious purposes , " Denarco said .
After being questioned , screeners released the man -- without the knife .
Persaud , a father of two children , said he 's found the behavioral screening techniques he uses at work are also useful in " every day in normal life . "
" It even works with my kids at home , " he said .
Here we go again .
Her first take on November 7 :
" There is no clothes audit except for when the belly of the plane got all cleaned out .
All the piles of clothes they had in there , they wanted me at my house to go through it and box things up and send it .
We should have done that when we were in Arizona , because we had half a day .
Yeah , I was doing that last night …
But I heard , too , on the news , there were attorneys coming out to do such a thing [ audit the clothes ] .
There are no attorneys coming up .
There 's no need for it or anything else . "
And now this :
Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin spent part of the weekend going through her clothing to determine what belongs to the Republican Party after it spent $ 150,000 - plus on a wardrobe for the vice presidential nominee , according to Palin 's father .
. . .
Republican National Committee lawyers are still trying to determine exactly what clothing was bought for Palin , what was returned and what has become of the rest .
Palin 's father , Chuck Heath , said his daughter spent the day Saturday trying to figure out what belongs to the RNC .
" She was just frantically ... trying to sort stuff out , " Heath said .
" That 's the problem , you know , the kids lose underwear , and everything has to be accounted for . "
So we now have it confirmed that there was an audit , that Palin was involved with it , and that some of the purchases were for underwear for the kids .
What does she not lie about ?
[ Note : for a few minutes , I posted a link to a blog - post by one Marty Eisenstadt , claiming to be a source for some of the stories about Palin 's ' Africa is a country ' gaffe .
It was a hoax .
I deleted the post .
Apologies . ]
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Dear Blockbuster : You ’re Late .
Dear Blockbuster ,
This letter is to inform you that your BLOCKBUSTER ON - DEMAND SERVICE is six months late .
Your account has been billed a fee of $ 4.29 per day as a result .
We understand that you introduced the set - top digital media player this week with the hopes of letting families rent movies from the Internet and watch them on their TVs .
Please be aware , however , that your competitor Netflix introduced a similar feature in May .
Please also be aware that other services such as Vudu and Apple TV have offered the same functionality for quite some time as well .
As a result , we have no choice but to bill you an inflated fee for every day you were late with your service .
Your current total is $ 794.94 , not including tax .
Your satisfaction is important to us .
We appreciate your business and trust you will visit us again in the future .
Also , we will be turning your account over to a collection agency if your balance is still unpaid in 24 hours .
Your friends ,
Everyone Who ’s Ever Paid Your Obnoxious In - Store Late Charges
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
The unemployment rate shot to a 14 - 1/ 2 year high last month as employers slashed jobs by an unexpectedly steep 240,000 , suggesting President - elect Barack Obama will face a deep recession when he takes office .
The Labor Department said on Friday the jobless rate rose a steep four - tenths of a percent to 6.5 percent in October , the highest since March 1994 , and that job losses in September and August were deeper than previously thought .
So far this year 1.2 million U.S. jobs have been lost , with 651,000 in the past three months alone as the slide in the national labor market picked up in intensity .
“ We have entered the phase of serious recession conditions .
Unfortunately we will encounter more of this , ” said Richard DeKaser , chief economist for National City Corp in Cleveland .
Goldman Sachs economist Jan Hatzius said the data implied the U.S. economy was sinking into a deep recession in which the jobless rate could climb to 8.5 percent by the end of 2009 .
While the data was bleak , it was not as grim as some had feared .
While the dollar fell , U.S. stocks rose after two days of sharp losses and prices of U.S. Treasuries turned lower .
KICKING THE ECONOMY
About 284,000 jobs were shed in September , the most since November 2001 , shortly after the September 11 attacks on the United States , and 127,000 were lost in August .
In all , 179,000 more jobs were cut in August and September than previously thought .
Michael Feroli , an economist with JPMorgan Chase , said the surprising weakness in August and September suggests the economy headed into recession even before the worst of the credit crisis hit .
“ Whereas it had been thought the financial crisis pushed a teetering economy over the edge , it now looks like that crisis kicked an economy that was already down , ” Feroli said .
Fear about job security has led U.S. consumers to cut spending , and that has reverberated around the globe , with China and other low - cost goods producers feeling the impact of slacker American demand .
On Capitol Hill , Democratic Sen. Charles Schumer of New York described the job numbers as “ shocking ” and said they call for “ a strong , deep and effective stimulus package . ”
General Motors Corp , which along with other domestic carmakers is pleading for government help , said it had a $ 4.2 billion operating loss in the third quarter .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
In a telephone interview , Commerce Secretary Carlos Gutierrez said the economy “ will go through several difficult months , ” but by the time Obama takes office in January a Treasury plan to buy bad assets from banks should be working .
He predicted that will ease some economic pressures .
The Bush administration is “ willing to listen to ideas ( on stimulus ) but most of what we ’ve heard called stimulus does n’t meet our definition of stimulus , ” Gutierrez said .
Stimulus measures should be targeted to have immediate effect rather than designed for long - term impact like road building and other infrastructure projects , he added .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
Obama was to huddle with his top economic advisers in the afternoon before holding his first news conference since being elected , and the data underscored the challenge he will face .
PAIN WIDESPREAD
The U.S. Federal Reserve has cut benchmark interest rates to a low 1 percent over the last 13 months in an effort to buffer the economy from the widening credit crisis , and financial markets expect rates to go lower still .
In a separate report , the Commerce Department said wholesale inventories dipped in September , but sales were off for a third straight month and a stocks - to - sales gauge suggested businesses were holding more inventory than desired .
The National Association of Realtors said pending sales of existing U.S. homes dropped 4.6 percent in September because of tighter credit and worsening economic conditions .
The jobs report showed the construction industry shed 49,000 jobs last month , the 16th straight monthly loss .
It also showed a whopping 90,000 manufacturing jobs were cut in October -- reflecting in part 27,000 striking workers at Boeing Co and marking the 28th consecutive month in which factory employment has fallen .
Earlier this year , job losses had been concentrated on the goods - producing side of the economy .
But the latest data showed the pain spreading further into the vast services sector .
Service industries cut 108,000 jobs last month , on top of 201,000 lost in September .
Find the Right
Depend® for You
See which of our wide range of incontinence products suits you best .
If you want to learn French , of course , it 's important to study grammar , such as the rules for conjugating verbs , and practicing French dialogues is also vital .
Just as important , however , is learning the most common French words .
This is a guest post by Meg Hamill , a freelance writer who also works at LandPaths in partnership with the Open Space District of Sonoma County , California .
California passes its first law protecting farmers who have not been able to prevent GE contamination of their non GE crops .
We ’ve all heard the horror stories :
A farmer ’s crop is contaminated by Genetically Engineered ( GE ) seeds , and that farmer is subsequently harassed and brought to court by the biotech patent owners ( such as Monsanto ) of those seeds .
In some cases , that farmer has also been held liable for contaminating other farmer ’s crops with his own unintentionally contaminated crop .
Just this week , Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger signed a landmark piece of legislation , protecting California ’s farmers from just such liability .
It is the first bill to be passed by the California Legislature that brings regulation to the Genetically Engineered ( GE ) crops .
The bill , AB541 ( Huffman , D - Marin / Sonoma ) protects and compensates farmers who have not been able to prevent GE contamination of their non-GE crop .
AB541 was sponsored by a coalition of agriculture organizations and food businesses , including California Certified Organic Farmers , Earthbound Farm and the California Farm Bureau Federation .
“ AB 541 provides much needed protection for farmers who typically lack the resources to fight lawsuits brought by biotech conglomerates , ” stated Renata Brillinger , director of the Genetic Engineering Policy Project , the coalition sponsoring AB 541 .
“ This is a good first step towards establishing that Monsanto – not farmers – is legally responsible for the economic , environmental and health harms caused by their patented and uncontrollable products . ”
The bill also requires mandatory crop sampling when the biotech patent owners investigate alleged violations .
Source : Organic Consumers Association
Photo Source : Photo from Flickr.com under a Creative Commons License
While the smart people at Google ( GOOG ) are figuring out search , cloud computing , mobile operating systems , Web browsers , etc. , its philanthropic arm , Google.org , is hard at work trying to save the world .
Their latest :
An ambitious plan for how the U.S. can cut energy consumption , switch to clean power sources , and reduce our reliance on foreign oil .
Google has published the entire document at Google Knol -- now we see what it 's for ! -- including charts and an economic analysis : " Although the cost of the Clean Energy 2030 proposal is significant ( about $ 4.4 trillion in undiscounted 2008 dollars ) , savings are even greater ( $ 5.4 trillion ) , returning a net savings of $ 1.0 trillion over the 22 - year life of the plan . "
What sort of stuff needs to happen to achieve these results ?
From Google 's plan :
Deploying aggressive end -use electrical energy efficiency measures to reduce demand 33 % .
Replacing all coal and oil electricity generation , and about half of that from natural gas , with renewable electricity .
Increasing plug - in vehicles ( hybrids & pure electrics ) to 90 % of new car sales in 2030 , reaching 42 % of the total US fleet that year .
Increasing new conventional vehicle fuel efficiency from 31 to 45 mpg in 2030 .
Accelerating the turnover of the vehicle fleet from 19 to 13 years ( resulting in 25 million new vehicle sales per year in 2030 , a 31 % increase over the baseline ) .
Will any of this happen ?
We do n't know , of course , but Google could at least achieve its goal to " stimulate debate " with the new plan .
It 's also a hopeful look ahead for some of its investments :
Google has invested some $ 45 million in startups designing wind , solar , and geothermal power technologies this year , according to Reuters .
See Also : Where Are They Now ?
A Decade Of Google Products And Deals You 've Forgotten About
The World Bank Group was created to lift people out of poverty .
But what happens when its investments harm the very people it was created to help ?
That question is at the heart of our clients ’ lawsuit against the International Finance Corporation ( IFC ) , the private lending arm of the World Bank Group .
The case , Budha Ismail Jam et al v. International Finance Corporation ( IFC ) , will be argued on Wednesday before the U.S. Supreme Court .
The Court has taken the case to decide if international organizations such as the IFC are absolutely immune from lawsuits in U.S. courts .
The petitioners are members of a fishing and farming community in India , represented by EarthRights International and Stanford Law School ’s Supreme Court Litigation Clinic , in partnership with the law firm O’Melveny & Myers .
We are arguing that the IFC – which is headquartered in Washington , D.C. , and does much of its business here – can be sued in U.S. courts .
The suit arises out of the IFC ’s reckless lending for a disastrous coal - fired power plant project that the IFC helped build on the coast of Gujarat , India .
In addition to being a financial disaster , the project has destroyed natural resources relied upon by generations of local families for fishing , farming , salt - panning , and animal rearing .
For years , the IFC has branded itself as a global leader in responsible business .
Its Performance Standards for social and environmental risk management have become the industry standard for responsible financing of projects like roads , pipelines , and power plants .
The IFC has not always practiced what it preaches , occasionally pursuing investments despite knowing quite well that they will bring enormous harms to local communities .
The Jam case is the result of one of these projects .
Budha Ismail Jam and other community leaders first brought their concerns to the IFC ’s internal grievance office , called the Compliance Advisor Ombudsman ( CAO ) .
The CAO conducted an investigation and sharply criticized the IFC ’s handling of the project , recommending a number of ways to remedy the situation .
But the IFC ’s management chose to disregard the findings .
Left with no other practical remedies , Jam and the other community members turned to the U.S. courts , asking for compensation for the damages they have suffered .
In court , the IFC did not deny its wrongdoing .
Instead , it claimed that it was entitled to absolute immunity from any lawsuits .
But as we will argue on Wednesday , the IFC ’s position is not consistent with U.S. law .
The law says that international organizations have the same immunity as foreign governments , and while foreign governments have some immunity from lawsuits , they do not have absolute immunity .
Foreign governments – and therefore international organizations – can still be sued for matters arising out of their “ commercial activities . ”
This limited form of immunity is not new : it has been U.S. foreign policy for over 50 years .
In May , the U.S. Supreme Court agreed to hear the case .
In July , the U.S. Government expressed support for our clients ’ position , which is consistent with the position that the State Department has held since 1952 .
In court , the IFC has argued that it needs absolute immunity from lawsuits in order to fulfill its mission as a development organization .
In particular , the IFC argues that this case could open up the floodgates to a deluge of lawsuits that would overburden the institution with litigation costs and make the IFC less willing to invest in risky projects .
This argument is based on sweeping and unsubstantiated assumptions .
In fact , if our clients win , the IFC will still have a great deal of control over how many lawsuits it faces .
If the IFC ’s management takes the CAO ’s recommendations seriously , for example , most communities will prefer to use this faster , more efficient internal process to resolve their grievances .
They would only turn to the courts as a last resort .
Moreover , multinational corporations and commercial banks operate profitably around the world , on the exact same types of projects that the IFC finances , without the benefits of immunity .
And this case is about much more than the IFC , or even the World Bank Group overall .
The IFC ’s position would give international organizations absolute immunity for everything they do – even if their negligence injures people here in Washington , D.C. , or if they decide to open a commercial business on the side , or if they finance harmful projects here in the United States ( and some international organizations do finance projects in the U.S. ) .
In the runup to this week ’s Supreme Court hearing , the IFC has announced a series of new policy reforms that strengthen its social and environmental commitments , an effort that is undoubtedly motivated in part by a desire to look its best before the Court .
These reforms look good on paper and are welcome news .
But for our clients in India , this is too little , too late .
Nothing has changed on the ground for the people in India who have been devastated by this coal - fired power plant .
These people still have not received justice .
Nor has anything changed for the petitioners in another case that EarthRights International has filed against the IFC and its wholly owned subsidiary in Delaware .
This case , which is on hold in U.S. federal court until the Supreme Court issues its ruling in Jam , involves a longtime IFC client ’s use of death squads and paramilitary groups to murder and terrorize farmers in Honduras .
Fortunately , if our clients win , the IFC will win , too .
The IFC will be better positioned to fulfill its poverty alleviation mandate if it is more accountable to the people whose daily lives are transformed by its investments .
And the same will be true for other international organizations because accountability tends to ensure responsible behavior .
—-
The U.S. Supreme Court will hear oral arguments in Jam v. IFC on October 31 .
Interested in learning more ?
Read this article by Barry Yeoman in The Nation .
And check out “ The World Bank Should n’t Hide When It Funds Projects that Harm Communities , ” by Vivek Maru , CEO of Namati , in The Washington Post .
Do n't hold your breath waiting for the iPhone to support Adobe 's Flash software : Apple 's terms - of - service agreement prohibits it .
Although Adobe says it is working on a version of its popular Flash player for the iPhone , Apple is unlikely ever to permit it to appear in the handset 's App Store , no matter how much customers want it .
" I 'm pretty skeptical that Flash could be implemented in a way that does n't violate the Terms of Service of the developer 's agreement , " said Bart Decrem , CEO of Tapulous , developer of the popular Tap Tap Revenge iPhone game .
Flash is Adobe 's highly popular platform for displaying interactive graphics , animations and multimedia within a browser .
According to Adobe , 98 percent of desktop computers currently support Flash , which has led to its widespread use by web developers .
Adobe 's recent announcement that it is working on a version of Flash for Windows Mobile has prompted speculation that an iPhone version might be coming soon .
But the speculators may be waiting in vain , based on Apple 's TOS and the company 's history of tightly controlling applications for its smartphone platform .
Allowing Flash — which is a development platform of its own — would just be too dangerous for Apple , a company that enjoys exerting total dominance over its hardware and the software that runs on it .
Flash has evolved from being a mere animation player into a multimedia platform capable of running applications of its own .
That means
Flash would open a new door for application developers to get their software onto the iPhone : Just code them in Flash and put them on a web page .
In so doing , Flash would divert business from the App Store , as well as enable publishers to distribute music , videos and movies that could compete with the iTunes Store .
Apple 's well aware of these problems , which is why the company wrote a clause in its i Phone developers '
Terms of Service agreement ( .pdf ) that prohibits Flash from appearing on the iPhone :
" An Application may not itself install or launch other executable code by any means , including without limitation through the use of a plug - in architecture , calling other frameworks , other APIs or otherwise , " reads clause 3.3.2 of the iPhone SDK agreement , which was recently published on WikiLeaks .
" No interpreted code may be downloaded and used in an Application except for code that is interpreted and run by Apple 's Published APIs and built - in interpreter ( s ) . "
This could come as major disappointment to iPhone owners , as the lack of Flash support has been a paramount complaint about the handset since its release .
No Flash means that the iPhone browser is incapable of displaying a large portion of the internet .
For example , free Flash games are n't supported , videos can't be streamed from the vastly popular television and movie site Hulu , and websites that use Flash to render content or navigation wo n't work on the iPhone .
It 's no wonder Adobe is expressing reluctance about the prospects of Flash for iPhone .
The company on Monday demonstrated a version of Flash for Windows
Mobile handsets .
And all that product manager Michele Turner could say about iPhone was , " We are working on Flash on the iPhone , but it is really up to Apple . "
Adam Dann , CEO of Nullriver , agrees that Flash would take away some of Apple 's control .
Apple eventually banned Nullriver 's application NetShare because it violated AT&T Terms of Service agreement by turning the iPhone into a wireless modem for tethering .
If Apple introduced Flash to iPhone , it 's possible Nullriver could code a Flash version of NetShare , repeating that violation , Dann said .
Dann added that the only way Flash could ever appear on the iPhone is if Adobe offered an extremely stripped - down version of the software .
But even if there is a " Flash Lite " for iPhone , that just reinforces the point that the handset 's owners still will not have a true Flash experience .
And aside from taking software control away from Apple , Flash would introduce a slew of other potential headaches as well .
Flash apps could hurt battery life , suck up the graphics - processing unit 's power , use an inordinate amount of memory , or potentially introduce security risks .
Apple has plenty of customer complaints to address about the iPhone ; the last thing it needs is to add Adobe and Flash to the pile .
In August , Britain 's Advertising Standards Authority pulled an iPhone advertisement because the commercial said , " All the parts of the internet are on the iPhone . "
The lack of Flash and Java support on iPhone were enough for the ad to be deemed misleading .
And it 's looking like Apple wo n't be able to air that ad again .
Apple did not return phone calls for comment .
Checker Table By amwtm Watch
2 Favourites 6 Comments 1K Views
Yep , it 's 128 3x3 inch pieces of alternating walnut and cherry .
I plan to carve some chess pieces to match the table .
( there 's room to play two games at once )
IMAGE DETAILS Image size 2592x3872px 5.81 MB
Make NIKON CORPORATION Model NIKON D80 Shutter Speed 10/5000 second Aperture F/4.5 Focal Length 40 mm ISO Speed 200 Date Taken Aug 5 , 2007 , 12:11:04 AM
Show More
Published : Jun 26 , 2008
Lawrence Wilkerson , a professor in the government department and former chief of staff for Colin Powell during Powell ’s years as Secretary of State , does not want Sen. John McCain to be the next President .
A self - described Republican and outspoken critic of the Iraq War , Wilkerson also has become an outspoken critic of McCain throughout the course of the election .
However , he also said he was “ shocked ” and “ stunned ” by Powell ’s endorsement of Sen.
Barack Obama Sunday on NBC ’s “ Meet the Press . ”
Wilkerson and Powell worked personally with McCain in 2005 to get anti-torture legislation through the U.S. Senate , but Wilkerson describes his history with McCain as “ association by service . ”
Much of his knowledge concerning McCain came through Wilkerson ’s own professional relationships with Navy officials who had personal connections with the former Navy captain .
“ The military is a fairly tight community , and people in it learn a great deal about others in it , or who have been in it , particularly if they achieve some fame as McCain did , ” Wilkerson said .
Throughout the course of this election , the McCain campaign has drawn on the senator ’s military service as evidence of his leadership abilities .
Wilkerson , a retired army colonel himself , takes issue with the idea that military service , in general , should be counted as valuable in the evaluation of a presidential candidate .
“ Military service is a true indicator of ability to lead and manage at the highest levels of responsibility if that service is the service of a Dwight Eisenhower or a Colin Powell , ” he explained .
“ It is not much of an indicator if all the individual has been is a lieutenant commander or a commander in the Navy . ”
Wilkerson also noted that lack of such extraordinary service easily could be counterbalanced through the choice of distinguished and experienced advisors .
In addition to disagreeing with a number of McCain ’s policy stances , Wilkerson questions McCain ’s character and judgment .
“ I disagree with McCain ’s position on Iraq , his position on taxes , his belligerence in general , ” Wilkerson said .
He points to McCain ’s choice of Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin as his running mate as an example of “ extremely poor judgment , ” in which the senator catered to his political needs rather than national interest .
“ McCain has prostrated himself before the Republican base and , in doing so , he has squandered his principal attribute : his capacity to put country above politics , ” Wilkerson said .
Wilkerson now unenthusiastically expresses support for Barack Obama .
“ At this point , I will likely vote for Sen. Obama and cross my fingers , ” he said , citing Obama ’s position against invading Iraq in 2003 as an indicator of good judgment .
Furthermore , he acknowledges Obama ’s political capabilities .
“ He has one of the skills that is so important for our president : the skill to use well the Bully Pulpit , ” Wilkerson said .
“ In our democratic republic , that is key . ”
Finally , Wilkerson addressed the nation ’s financial crisis , expressing dissatisfaction with the current economic policies and the lack of response from Republicans .
“ There is an extraordinary domestic imbalance in America today ; the wealth of our country is in the hands of far too few people and we are seeing the effects of that in the ongoing financial crisis , ” Wilkerson said .
“ We need to correct this imbalance and the only candidate who seems to want to do that is Barack Obama . ”
Wilkerson noted that Powell ’s decision was probably a difficult one after serving in public office for years as a supporter of the Republican Party .
“ After years of supporting Reagan , George H. W. Bush and Barbara Bush , it had to be a painful choice to do what they would see as essentially violat[ing ] their trust , ” Wilkerson said .
Powell and Wilkerson both said that disillusionment with the McCain campaign and broader trends within the Republican Party had influenced their decisions .
“ A year ago , I would have supported John McCain , ” Wilkerson said .
However , he said that in the course of this campaign , McCain has caved to political pressures .
“ McCain , who in the course of his senate career was never too corrupted by the process , has run a campaign that proves he wants so badly to win the Oval Office that he was willing [ to ] sacrifice his integrity and character and found himself in the thrall of vested interests , ” Wilkerson said .
In contrast to Powell ’s recent endorsement of Obama , Michael Powell ’ 85 , his son and rector of the College , publicly endorsed McCain in January .
“ I ca n’t imagine they have n’t discussed this and I ’m sure [ Rector Powell ] understands his dad ’s motives , ” Wilkerson said .
“ Although I ’d be very surprised if he came out and echoed it , I ’m sure he would fully support his dad ’s choice to make an independent decision . ”
Iran -Iraq War / The Imposed War ( 1980 - 1988 )
The Iran - Iraq War permanently altered the course of Iraqi history .
It strained Iraqi political and social life , and led to severe economic dislocations .
Viewed from a historical perspective , the outbreak of hostilities in 1980 was , in part , just another phase of the ancient Persian - Arab conflict that had been fueled by twentieth - century border disputes .
Many observers , however , believe that Saddam Hussein 's decision to invade Iran was a personal miscalculation based on ambition and a sense of vulnerability .
Saddam Hussein , despite having made significant strides in forging an Iraqi nation - state , feared that Iran 's new revolutionary leadership would threaten Iraq 's delicate SunniShia balance and would exploit Iraq 's geostrategic vulnerabilities -- Iraq 's minimal access to the Persian Gulf , for example .
In this respect , Saddam Hussein 's decision to invade Iran has historical precedent ; the ancient rulers of Mesopotamia , fearing internal strife and foreign conquest , also engaged in frequent battles with the peoples of the highlands .
The Iran - Iraq War was multifaceted and included religious schisms , border disputes , and political differences .
Conflicts contributing to the outbreak of hostilities ranged from centuries - old Sunni- versus - Shia and Arab - versus - Persian religious and ethnic disputes , to a personal animosity between Saddam Hussein and Ayatollah Khomeini .
Above all , Iraq launched the war in an effort to consolidate its rising power in the Arab world and to replace Iran as the dominant Persian Gulf state .
Phebe Marr , a noted analyst of Iraqi affairs , stated that " the war was more immediately the result of poor political judgement and miscalculation on the part of Saddam Hussein , " and " the decision to invade , taken at a moment of Iranian weakness , was Saddam's " .
Iraq claimed territories inhabited by Arabs ( the Southwestern oil - producing province of Iran called Khouzestan ) , as well as Iraq 's right over Shatt el - Arab ( Arvandroud ) .
Iraq and Iran had engaged in border clashes for many years and had revived the dormant Shatt al Arab waterway dispute in 1979 .
Iraq claimed the 200 - kilometer channel up to the Iranian shore as its territory , while Iran insisted that the thalweg -- a line running down the middle of the waterway - - negotiated last in 1975 , was the official border .
The Iraqis , especially the Baath leadership , regarded the 1975 treaty as merely a truce , not a definitive settlement .
The Iraqis also perceived revolutionary Iran 's Islamic agenda as threatening to their pan-Arabism .
Khomeini , bitter over his expulsion from Iraq in 1977 after fifteen years in An Najaf , vowed to avenge Shia victims of Baathist repression .
Baghdad became more confident , however , as it watched the once invincible Imperial Iranian Army disintegrate , as most of its highest ranking officers were executed .
In Khuzestan ( Arabistan to the Iraqis ) , Iraqi intelligence officers incited riots over labor disputes , and in the Kurdish region , a new rebellion caused the Khomeini government severe troubles .
As the Baathists planned their military campaign , they had every reason to be confident .
Not only did the Iranians lack cohesive leadership , but the Iranian armed forces , according to Iraqi intelligence estimates , also lacked spare parts for their American - made equipment .
Baghdad , on the other hand , possessed fully equipped and trained forces .
Morale was running high .
Against Iran 's armed forces , including the Pasdaran ( Revolutionary Guard ) troops , led by religious mullahs with little or no military experience , the Iraqis could muster twelve complete mechanized divisions , equipped with the latest Soviet materiel .
With the Iraqi military buildup in the late 1970s , Saddam Hussein had assembled an army of 190,000 men , augmented by 2,200 tanks and 450 aircraft .
In addition , the area across the Shatt al Arab posed no major obstacles , particularly for an army equipped with Soviet river - crossing equipment .
Iraqi commanders correctly assumed that crossing sites on the Khardeh and Karun rivers were lightly defended against their mechanized armor divisions ; moreover , Iraqi intelligence sources reported that Iranian forces in Khuzestan , which had formerly included two divisions distributed among Ahvaz , Dezful , and Abadan , now consisted of only a number of ill - equipped battalion - sized formations .
Tehran was further disadvantaged because the area was controlled by the Regional 1st Corps headquartered at Bakhtaran ( formerly Kermanshah ) , whereas operational control was directed from the capital .
In the year following the shah 's overthrow , only a handful of company - sized tank units had been operative , and the rest of the armored equipment had been poorly maintained .
For Iraqi planners , the only uncertainty was the fighting ability of the Iranian air force , equipped with some of the most sophisticated American - made aircraft .
Despite the execution of key air force commanders and pilots , the Iranian air force had displayed its might during local riots and demonstrations .
The air force was also active in the wake of the failed United States attempt to rescue American hostages in April 1980 .
This show of force had impressed Iraqi decision makers to such an extent that they decided to launch a massive preemptive air strike on Iranian air bases in an effort similar to the one that Israel employed during the June 1967 Arab - Israeli War .
Pictured : The Cave of Crystals discovered 1,000ft below a Mexican desert
Until you notice the orange - suited men clambering around , it 's hard to grasp the extraordinary scale of this underground crystal forest .
Nearly 1,000 ft below the Chihuahua Desert in Mexico , this cave was discovered by two brothers drilling in the Naica lead and silver mine .
It is an eerie sight .
Up to 170 giant , luminous obelisks - the biggest is 37.4ft long and the equivalent height of six men - jut across the grotto like tangled pillars of light ; and the damp rock of their walls is covered with yet more flawless clusters of blade - sharp crystal .
Scroll down for more
Crystal forest : People clambering through the Cave of Crystals in Mexico wearing suits and backpacks of ice - cool air to cope with the 112 F temperature
The giant obelisks are formed from groundwater saturated in calcium sulphate which filtered through the cave system millions of years ago
They are formed from groundwater saturated in calcium sulphate which , warmed by an intrusion of magma about a mile below , began filtering through the cave system millions of years ago .
When , about 600,000 years ago , the magma began to cool , the minerals started to precipitate out of the water , and over the centuries the tiny crystals they formed grew and grew until 1985 , when miners unwittingly drained the cave as they lowered the water table with mine pumps .
The November issue of National Geographic is available on news - stands today
Because the crystals resemble giant icicles , the picture suggests it must be very cold inside the Cave of Crystals - but appearances can be deceptive .
In fact , the temperature is a sweltering 112 F , with a humidity of 90 - 100 per cent .
This is why cavers wear protective suits and carry backpacks of ice - cooled air .
Such conditions , and the fact that it takes 20 minutes to drive to its entrance through a twisting mine - shaft , have n't deterred would - be looters - one of the crystals bears a deep scar where someone has tried , and failed , to cut through it .
But the cave has now been fitted with a heavy steel door , the better to preserve this beautiful wonder for generations to come .
Many people think about getting a personal protection dog to protect them and their family .
A personal protection dog is something that people think of getting if they have been a victim of a crime or just have a fear of being a victim of a crime , such as a burglary or personal attack .
Attacks , robberies and burglaries are something that unfortunately is more common nowadays , so a personal protection dog can be a perfect deterrent to unwanted visitors in the home or street .
A personal protection dog will have received intensive training , they will be able to cover basic commands such as sit , stay , down and recall when required .
The dog will be trained to protect you and your family and attack if needed , but should also be a well behaved and loved family pet .
You should get a full handover with a personal protection dog , this can take anything up to a couple of days as the trainer will want to ensure you are comfortable with your new companion , you should have been in constant contact throughout its training once you had decided this was the dog for you .
Prices can vary greatly when buying a personal protection dog , they can range from £ 6000 to £ 35,000 dependent on obviously the breed of dog , the quality and standard of training and how much the trainer charges for their services .
There is a difference between a guard dog and a
, a guard dog maintains their duties alone whereas a protection dog will work on command from their owner .
Civil society , trade unions , political parties and students marched on November 1 in Karachi to protest at the US bombing of Pakistan 's Federally Administered Tribal Areas ( FATA ) .
US missile strikes hours apart killed at least 27 people on October 31 near the border with Afghanistan , only days after Pakistan demanded that the United States halt an intensifying campaign of using Predator drones to bomb tribal areas in Pakistan .
Source : Labour Party Pakistan via http://www.asia-pacific-action.org/node/208
Certainly not a secret for an experienced cook .
This technique is also known as butterflying .
It is occasionally used in restaurants when someone orders a well - done steak .
You laterally cut the steak most of the way through , then flatten the whole thing .
For poultry , the French guys call this " en crapaudine " which is usually translated as " in the manner of a frog " ( that 's a misnomer since a crapaud is actually a toad ) .
If you 've had enough to drink , yeah , it sorta does look like a frog .
Good times , good times .
Graph Operations
Posted in : javascript infovis toolkit
Mutable data
The GraphOp object
removeNode Multiple nodes can be removed from the visualization .
You can choose up to four different animations for doing that .
Multiple nodes can be removed from the visualization .
You can choose up to four different animations for doing that .
removeEdge Multiple edges can be removed from the visualization .
Supports many animations also .
Multiple edges can be removed from the visualization .
Supports many animations also .
sum Performs a sum of two graphs , morphing the result with sequential or concurrent animations of movement and fading .
Performs a sum of two graphs , morphing the result with sequential or concurrent animations of movement and fading .
morph A very useful operation in which you specify the resulting graph , and the visualization morphs the current graph state into that one .
Examples
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
I 've been working on the JavaScript Infovis Toolkit lately , fixing bugs , working on performance improvements and adding a new feature for Spacetrees , Hyperbolic Trees and RGraphs that I 've found very interesting .
The JavaScript Infovis Toolkit is a JS Information Visualization library that includes radial layout of trees with animations Hyperbolic Trees and Spacetrees .
Not so long ago I worked on adapting these tree layouts to support graph layouts as well , also including weighted nodes and edges , as you can see in this example .
However , one of the most challenging features I wanted to add to these visualizations was the possibility of dealing with mutable data .
This way visualizations would also be useful to show how data changes over time , and updates to this data would be translated into smooth animations from one state of the graph to another .
The user could also interact at a deeper level with the visualizations , not only exploring the data , but also altering it , making updates to the information and seeing the results in real time .
The first thing that came into my mind when thinking on adding support for mutable data was prototyping theandmethods .
These operations seem suitable for the Spacetree , ( and have been implemented for this visualization ) , but what about applying transformations to graphs ?
Since the JIT adds support for graphs and trees in the RGraph and Hyperbolic Tree visualizations , both use cases should be well covered : adding and deleting subtrees as well as adding / deleting nodes , edges , and performing more general binary graph operations , such as graph sum and the one which I 'm most proud of , morphing .
So this new release of the library comes with the addSubtree and removeSubtree methods for the Spacetree , and also with the GraphOp object for the Hypertree and RGraph visualizations , which includes unary and binary operations such as : I chose to make two real life examples .
With real life I mean small apps that not only show the potential of these graph operations , but can also be actually useful to explore .
It uses the RGraph visualization with the morphing operation to show dependencies between different modules you might find with the apt - get tool .
When clicking on a node you 'll set this node as root .
Then the graph will perform a , updating the dependencies for the new centered module .
Many details about the package are also provided under thetoggler .
You can also go to previous visited modules by using thetoggler .
These examples load data dynamically , so please be patient when loading the data .
Just as the old demos I made an app that relates bands and artists by common performances on bands , discs , songs , etc .
Clicking on a label will set the node as root .
Then awill take place , morphing the tree into the new node 's perspective .
Just as the previous example , you can find some information about the artists in thetoggler .
You can also browse previous visited nodes by clicking in thetoggler .
All tutorials and posts have been updated for this new release .
You can find more information in the project page and in the google group .
Although this library is still in alpha , some companies and products are already using it , such as OpenCRX and Platform Computing .
I 'll be writing a more technical overview of these features in further posts .
Hope you liked it :)
Why branding is important for people living in poverty Image credit : tweeted by Amy Nadine Dix @amyndix
Thanks to our friends at Maternova ( @maternova ) for bringing this image to my attention just as I was thinking : “ I must to a blog post about branding and poverty ” .
So , why is it that brands are so important to everyone , including those living in poverty ?
Why is [… ]
It ’s the value chain stupid !
Private sector people with supply chain experience will chuckle when they read this .
It will be so obvious to them .
But it ’s not obvious to the rest of us .
This is just one example of how public private partnerships are so helpful .
What ’s obvious to someone from the private sector may not be obvious to [… ]
Dashboards as a motivational tool
We started using Android tablets during support visits to Kit Yamoyo retailers in mid-2014 ( see Take a Tablet ) .
This did two things .
Firstly , it helped standardise these visits ; to make sure that key things were checked and asked :
Was the product displayed well ?
Did the retailer have a poster displayed ?
Secondly , it collected key information [… ]
Supply chain theory in 140 characters
One of the good things about Twitter is that in concentrates the mind .
Can you get your thought , your hypothesis , your joke or witticism down to just 140 characters ?
As we ’ve got deeper and deeper into the ColaLife project a hypothesis has been developing about supply chains .
I ’ve been trying to get this hypothesis down to 140 [… ]
Success : WHO adds co-packaged ORS and zinc to its Essential Medicines List Our application * to get co-packaged ORS and zinc on the WHO Essential Medicines List has been successful .
This is game - changer .
It moves ColaLife ’s work out of the ‘ innovation box ’ into the mainstream of global children ’s public health – with better designed , easier - to - dispense diarrhoea treatment available for sick children – potentially everywhere .
The WHO Essential Medicines [… ]
Top 10 achievements in 2018 2009 ’s top 10 | 2010 ’s top 10 | 2011 ’s top 10 | 2012 ’s top 10 | 2013 ’s top 10 2014 ’s top 10 | 2015 ’s top 10 | 2016 ’s top 10 | 2017 ’s top 10 2018 saw us move from self - sustaining development in Zambia towards the globalisation of our work .
The cover page of our application to the World Health [… ]
Zambian Government tender for 250,000 ORS / Zinc co-packs
The evidence just keeps on coming : the work we have done in Zambia , to transform access to the internationally recommended treatment for diarrhoea , will be self - sustaining .
Click here for more blog posts on this self - sustaining theme .
The latest evidence emerged last Monday ( 7 - May - 18 ) when this notice ( on the right ) was published in Zambia ’s national newspapers . [… ]
How the ColaLife trial findings have influenced the design of Kit Yamoyo The reasons for doing the ColaLife Operational Trial in Zambia ( COTZ ) were : to generate robust evidence of what works and what does n’t ; learn and improve .
Following the trial , we did a root and branch review of the Kit Yamoyo design – looking again at each component including the packaging .
Our key objective in this review was [… ]
Latest figures on the use of zinc for diarrhoea treatment in Zambia Zambia : Commercially branded co-packaged ORS and zinc – Kit Yamoyo ( left ) | Government branded co-packaged ORS and zinc ( right ) The latest Demographic & Health Survey ( DHS ) has just been published for Zambia .
These surveys are undertaken every five years under the DHS Program .
The report just published for Zambia ( PDF 1.4MB ) shows a dramatic change [… ]
What is self - sustaining development ?
The Kit Yamoyo diarrhoea treatment kit under production in Zambia for the local Zambian market .
The kit was designed and the local market developed using one - off donor funding .
It is very common to hear the term “ sustainable development ” in international development discussions .
But what does it mean ?
The phrase can be used interchangeably , to mean [… ]
More Posts from this Category
Individuals at a law firm founded by Charles H. Keating , Jr. , who symbolized how political influence contributed to the collapse of savings and loans in the 1980s , have bundled at least $ 50,000 to John McCain ’s presidential campaign since June , the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics has calculated , making the Cincinnati - based firm McCain ’s sixth - largest contributor during that period .
McCain was among “ The Keating Five , ” a group of senators who benefited from more than $ 1 million in campaign contributions connected to Keating and personally intervened with government regulators to allow his S&L to make risky investments that ultimately defrauded thousands of investors and cost taxpayers $ 3.4 billion .
In amounts ranging from $ 200 to $ 2,300 , about 30 partners and employees of the legal firm Keating , Muething and Klekamp , as well as their family members , have contributed $ 50,200 to McCain ’s 2008 campaign .
All but two of the contributions came in July , and all but three of those July donations were logged on July 31 , suggesting they were delivered at the same time .
As with any bundle of campaign contributions , it ’s difficult to determine which donor was the “ bundler , ” the person who solicited the contributions on the campaign ’s behalf .
McCain ’s online roster of bundlers , which purports to name any individual bundling $ 50,000 or more for the campaign , does not associate any of McCain ’s major fundraisers with the Keating firm .
One of the firm ’s longtime clients , Cincinnati billionaire Carl Lindner Jr. , is listed as a McCain bundler who has delivered $ 50,000 to $ 100,000 to the campaign , and his son , Carl Lindner III , has bundled $ 250,000 to $ 500,000 .
The Lindners and employees of Keating , Muething and Klekamp had been mostly Mitt Romney supporters during the Republican primary .
The law firm ’s attorneys contributed more than $ 40,000 to Romney ’s campaign in March 2007 .
Charles Keating , who went to prison for defrauding investors , is now 84 , according to reports , and appears to be uninvolved in the law firm he helped found more than 50 years ago .
The only Keating in the recent bundle of contributions to McCain ’s campaign is $ 1,000 contributor William J. Keating , Jr. , who is listed as a partner in the firm and appears to be Charles Keating ’s nephew .
William J. Keating , Sr. , Charles Keating ’s brother , was a Republican congressman from Ohio .
A political benefactor and friend of McCain , Charles Keating was chairman of Lincoln Savings and Loan Association , which collapsed under the financial weight of highly risky real estate investments .
Lincoln was able to make those investments thanks to deregulation of savings and loan associations in the ’ 80s .
Keating ’s friends in Congress helped personally fend off a crackdown by regulators that might have prevented the failure of Lincoln and hundreds of other S&Ls .
The Senate ethics committee investigated the Keating scandal and reprimanded McCain , the only Republican among the five senators , for his “ poor judgment . ”
McCain has acknowledged as much , and the sting of the scandal led to his sponsorship of campaign finance reforms years later .
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : Feel free to distribute or cite this material , but please credit the Center for Responsive Politics .
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : [ email protected ]
·
Support Accountability Journalism
At OpenSecrets.org we offer in - depth , money - in - politics stories in the public interest .
Whether you ’re reading about 2020 presidential fundraising , conflicts of interest or “ dark money ” influence , we produce this content with a small , but dedicated team .
Every donation we receive from users like you goes directly into promoting high - quality data analysis and investigative journalism that you can trust .
Please support our work and keep this resource free .
Thank you .
Support OpenSecrets ➜
Read more OpenSecrets News & Analysis :
The Jupiter orbiter Juno will study the distribution of water in the gas giant and look for evidence of a solid core ( Illustration : NASA / JPL )
After a two - year delay , NASA has given the green light to Juno , a $ 1 billion , solar - powered mission to Jupiter .
Juno was originally set to launch as early as 2009 , but budget constraints delayed the next step in the probe ’s design .
Now , funding had been approved to build the spacecraft , the agency announced on Monday .
Juno will launch from Cape Canaveral , Florida , in August 2011 .
After reaching Jupiter in 2016 , it will orbit 32 times over the course of its year - long mission .
Juno will be the second orbiter to study Jupiter .
The first such probe , Galileo , circled Jupiter ’s equator for almost eight years before plunging into the Jovian atmosphere in 2003 .
Advertisement
Juno , on the other hand , will take up a polar orbit around the planet , skimming the poles at an altitude of 5000 kilometres .
This trajectory will afford the spacecraft a view of unseen parts of the planet .
The probe will also fly between Jupiter ’s atmosphere and the intense radiation belts that girdle the planet .
In the radiation belts , streams of charged particles could darken the glass covering the probe ’s solar panels , limiting their capacity and limiting the probe ’s lifetime .
Search for water
Juno will carry a suite of 11 science instruments , some of which will be used to measure the planet ’s gravity , magnetic field , and chemical makeup .
“ We ’re really looking at composition , ” says principal investigator Scott Bolton of the Southwest Research Institute in San Antonio , Texas .
“ We ’re going after the ingredients of Jupiter so we can reconstruct the recipe . ”
Since oxygen is the third - most abundant element in the universe and in the Sun , many planetary scientists expect to see a fair amount of water in Jupiter .
But Galileo ’s atmospheric probe , which entered Jupiter ’s atmosphere in 1995 , saw little evidence of water .
“ The Galileo probe was expected to measure water , but it failed , ” says Dave Stevenson of Caltech .
Some suspect little water was found because the module descended through a dry patch in Jupiter ’s atmosphere .
Gravity field
Juno will attempt a more global search .
The probe will use radio antennae to measure light absorbed by water and ammonia at six different depths in the atmosphere .
If water is present , it could fill out the picture of how the planet formed .
Since water ice is thought to dominate the dust content in the early solar system , “ the water is a tracer of the solid material that was added to the planet ” , says Stevenson .
Coupled with measurements of the planet ’s magnetic and gravitational fields , scientists could begin to build up a working model of the planet and put constraints on how it formed , Stevenson says .
Jupiter ’s gravitational field will be mapped by detecting how the planet ’s tug influences Juno ’s velocity .
Those changes will be measured by looking for shifts in the frequency of signals passed between the spacecraft and the Deep Space Network , Earth ’s international array of radio antennae .
Solar power
Such measurements could eventually reveal whether Jupiter has a core of heavier elements that were once rock and ice .
If Jupiter has a heavy core , it would suggest Jupiter formed by ‘ core accretion ’ – by slowly accumulating solid materials before later gathering gas to build its atmosphere .
Magnetometers on the craft will be used to map the planet ’s magnetic field .
This map could be used to infer how intense pressures in Jupiter ’s interior squeeze hydrogen and change how it conducts electricity .
Other far - flung spacecraft , such as the New Horizons mission to Pluto , run on electricity generated by the heat of decaying radioactive material .
But Juno will be powered by three long , hinged solar panels that will unfold after launch .
With the panels unfolded , Juno will span some 20 metres across .
The craft may be the most distant spacecraft to operate off solar power .
The only other contender for the title is the European Space Agency ’s Rosetta spacecraft , which will briefly intersect Jupiter ’s orbit to rendezvous with the comet 67P / Churyumov - Gerasimenko in 2014 .
DETROIT ( Reuters ) - Ford Motor
Co unveiled a new version of its iconic Mustang sports car on Tuesday with an exterior that differs in every way from its predecessor , except for the roof panel .
Slideshow ( 9 images )
Ford expects significant fuel economy improvements with the 2010 Mustang GT and improved horsepower over the current version that gets about 22 miles per gallon on the highway .
But it will still be gas - thirsty .
Ford and fellow U.S. automakers General Motors Corp and Chrysler -- which is owned by private equity firm Cerberus Capital Management LP -- were in Washington on Tuesday to plead for a $ 25 billion U.S. government bailout package .
Detroit ’s Big
Three have suffered plunging auto sales as consumers have abandoned their bigger , gas - guzzling sports - utility vehicles , pickup trucks and minivans .
The credit crunch has further hurt sales , as many consumers have found auto loans increasingly hard to obtain .
But Ford ’s unveiling of the Mustang , ahead of an auto show in Los Angeles , was a sign that at least one of the three major U.S. automakers was pushing ahead with its basic program of building cars .
The new Mustang , a 2010 model year revamp from the Pony emblem on the front to sequential turn signals on the rear taillights , brings modern touches to the last major redesign that brought back familiar shapes from its 1960s origins .
“ The design is very recognizable as a Mustang and yet everything is new , ” said Peter Horbury , Ford ’s executive director of design for the Americas .
“ You ought to be able to see this car 100 yards down the road at night and know what it is , ” Mustang chief designer Doug Gafka said .
Sales of the current Mustang , which can be found in various V6 and V8 coupes and convertibles , have been sagging and the new version is aimed to spark renewed interest in the muscle car .
Mustang sales were down nearly 30 percent in 2008 through October at 83,557 .
The new version will be available in 2009 .
Ford has built the Mustang continuously for 45 years and believes the new version will have notably better handling .
The No. 2 U.S. automaker also aimed for significant improvements in the interior , adding a soft instrument panel , improving the fit and finish of materials , and adding advanced electronics options .
ASP.NET 2.0 Tips , Tricks , Recipes and Gotchas Tuesday , August 1 , 2006
This page lists some of the more popular “ ASP.
NET 2.0 Tips , Tricks , Recipes and Gotchas ” posts I ’ve done .
My goal is to add new posts to the series regularly going forward – so bookmark this page for updates , or subscribe to my blog via this RSS feed .
Book Recommendations
In addition to my articles below , I highly recommend the following ASP.
NET books :
To learn more about ASP .
NET , also make sure to watch all of the great “ ASP .
NET : How Do I ? ” videos ( each week a new video is posted ) .
You can also browse a large listing of other ASP .
NET 2.0 books here .
Visual Studio 2005
UI
AJAX
Data
Security
Deployment
Performance
. NET 3.5 and VS 2008
LINQ and .NET 3.5
Silverlight
Tax cuts and tax havens :
What Brown needs to learn from Obama
09 Nov 2008 , by Adam Lent Guest in Economics
I wrote some time ago about the possibility of using tax cuts as a stimulus to the economy during recession and made particular comparisons with the scheme introduced in the States earlier this year .
Obama also made economic stimulus through tax cuts a central plank of his campaign and he announced last week that he will be looking to introduce this very quickly .
Taking inspiration from America , the idea featured prominently in the TUC ’s General Council Statement on the Economy issued in early September .
Now it appears that the Government is seriously considering introducing major tax cuts to stimulate the UK economy in the Pre-Budget Report ( due some time in the next four weeks or so ) .
Two key points about this :
First , it is important , of course , that any cuts are focused heavily on low to middle earners not just for the sake of fairness but also because they will spend the extra cash rather than save it – a crucial factor if the cuts are to prove effective as a stimulus .
Second , the cuts do not have to be funded entirely ( or maybe at all ) through borrowing despite what this article and the Tories might be saying .
Obama himself has made this clear .
The President - elect aims to move very quickly to close down tax havens and introduce greater fairness into the tax system to generate the money required to offer the cuts .
This is exactly the course of action Gordon Brown should also take .
Indeed , Obama ’s willingness to move against tax havens offers Brown just the opportunity to build the sort of international co-operation that is necessary to take on the havens and repatriate lots of hidden cash .
Brown ’s endorsement would also help Obama as well : some of the world ’s most notorious tax havens ( Cayman , Isle of Man , Jersey , Guernsey ) have very close economic and political ties to the UK .
If the UK turned against the havens , they will have lost one of their closest allies .
The vague rhetoric is already there .
Brown has written in an article today stating that he is :
looking forward to co-operating with the President - elect in building a new global society in which the advancement of people – their homes , jobs , savings and pensions – is always put first .
But there was also a sign of something possibly more practical when the Chancellor unexpectedly made clear his antagonism towards the Isle of Man ’s tax haven activities last week at a Treasury Select Committee hearing .
Maybe tax justice is slowly beginning to make political and economic sense to our leaders .
A simple FFI script calling the C " getpid " function :
require ' ffi '
module GetPid
extend FFI :: Library
attach_function : getpid , [ ] , :uint
end
puts GetPid.getpid
The " Passwd " and " Group " structures for functions like ' getpwuid ' :
module Etc
class Passwd < FFI :: Struct
layout : pw_name , : string , 0 ,
: pw_passwd , : string , 4 ,
: pw_uid , :uint , 8 ,
: pw_gid , :uint , 12 ,
: pw_dir , : string , 20 ,
: pw_shell , : string , 24
end
class Group < FFI :: Struct
layout : gr_name , : string , 0 ,
: gr_gid , :uint , 8
end
end
Binding and calling " qsort " with an array of integers :
require ' ffi '
module LibC
extend FFI :: Library
callback : qsort_cmp , [ : pointer , : pointer ] , :int
attach_function :qsort , [ : pointer , :int , :int , : qsort_cmp ] , :int
end
p = MemoryPointer.new ( : int , 2 )
p.put_array_of_int32(0 , [ 2 , 1 ] )
puts " Before qsort #{p.get_array_of_int32(0 , 2 ) .join ( ' , ' ) } "
LibC.qsort( p , 2 , 4 ) do |p1 , p2 |
i1 = p1.get_int32(0 )
i2 = p2.get_int32(0 )
i1 < i2 ? - 1 : i1 > i2 ? 1 : 0
end
puts " After qsort #{p.get_array_of_int32(0 , 2 ) .join ( ' , ' ) } "
Session showing installation and use of FFI in C Ruby :
$ sudo gem install ffi
Password :
Building native extensions .
This could take a while ...
Successfully installed ffi-0.1.1
1 gem installed
Installing ri documentation for ffi -0.1.1 ...
Installing RDoc documentation for ffi -0.1.1 ...
[ headius @ cnutter : ~ ]
$ irb
>> require ' ffi '
=> true
>> module RubyFFI
>> extend FFI :: Library
>> attach_function : getuid , [ ] , :uint
>>
end
=> #< FFI :: Invoker:0x1fe8 c >
>> puts RubyFFI.getuid
501
=> nil
>>
Etc module template , showing how to pull in header files and inspect a struct definition :
module Etc
class Passwd < FFI :: Struct
@@@
struct do |s |
s.include " sys/types . h "
s.include " pwd. h "
s.name " struct passwd "
s.field : pw_name , : string
s.field : pw_passwd , : string
s.field : pw_uid , :uint
s.field : pw_gid , :uint
s.field : pw_dir , : string
s.field : pw_shell , : string
end
@@@
end
class Group < FFI :: Struct
@@@
struct do |s |
s.include " sys/types . h "
s.include " grp. h "
s.name " struct group "
s.field : gr_name , : string
s.field : gr_gid , :uint
end
@@@
end
end
Update :
One of the largest problems plaguing Ruby implementations ( and plaguing some other language implementations , so I hear from my Pythonista friends ) is the ever - painful story of " extensions " .
In general , these take the form of a dynamic library , usually written in C , that plugs into and calls Ruby 's native API as exposed through ruby.h and libruby .
Ignoring for the moment the fact that this API exposes way more of Ruby 's internals than it should , extensions present a very difficult problem for other implementations :
Do we support them or not ?
In many cases , this question is answered for us ; most extensions require access to object internals we can't expose , or can't expose without extremely expensive copying back and forth .
But there 's also a silver lining : the vast majority of C - based extensions exist solely to wrap another library .
Is n't it obvious what 's needed here ?
This problem has been tackled by a number of libraries on a number of platforms .
On the JVM , there 's Java Native Access ( JNA ) .
On Python , there 's ctypes .
And even on Ruby , there 's the " dl " stdlib , wrapping libdl for programmatic access to dynamic libraries .
But dl is not widely used , because of real or perceived bugs and a rather arcane API .
Something better is needed .
Enter FFI .FFI stands for Foreign Function Interface .
FFI has been implemented in various libraries ; one of them , libffi , actually serves as the core of JNA , allowing Java code to load and call arbitrary C libraries .
libffi allows code to load a library by name , retrieve a pointer to a function within that library , and invoke it , all without static bindings , header files , or any compile phase .
In order to address a need early in Rubinius 's dev cycle , Evan Phoenix came up with an FFI library for Rubinius , wrapping the functionality of libffi in a friendly Ruby DSL - like API .
Because JRuby already ships with JNA , and because FFI could fulfill the C-extension needs of almost all Ruby users , we endeavored to create a compatible implementation .
And by we I mean Wayne Meissner .
Wayne is one of the primary maintainers of JNA , and has recently spent time on a new higher - performance version of it called JFFI .
Wayne also became a JRuby committer this spring , and perhaps his most impressive contribution to date is a full FFI library for JRuby , based on JNA ( eventually JFFI , once we migrate fully ) and implementing the full set of what we and Evan agreed would be " FFI API 1.0 " .
We shipped the completed FFI support in JRuby 1.1.4 .
In JRuby 1.1.5 , we 've taken another step forward with the API , adding support for callbacks .
How would you represent a callback you pass into a C function from Ruby ?
How else !
As a block !
But what good is having such a library if it does n't run everywhere ?
Up until recently , only Rubinius and JRuby supported FFI , which made our case for cross-implementation use pretty weak .
Even though we were getting good use out of FFI , there was no motivation for anyone to use it in general , since the standard Ruby implementation had no support .
That is , until Wayne pulled another rabbit out of his hat and implemented FFI for C Ruby as well .
The JRuby team is proud to announce a wholly non-JRuby library : FFI is now available on Ruby 1.9 and Ruby 1.8.6/7 , in addition to JRuby 1.1.4 + and Rubinius ( though Rubinius does not yet support callbacks ) .
Our hope with JRuby 's support of FFI and our release of FFI for C Ruby is that we may finally escape the hell of C extensions .
Next time you need to call out to a C library , do n't write a wrapper shim in C !
Write it using FFI , and it will work across implementations without recompile .
Here 's some links to docs on FFI .
As with most open - source projects , documentation is a little light right now , but hopefully that will change .
A key feature that 's not well documented is the use of FFI 's templating system to generate bindings based on the current platform 's header files .
Here 's a sample from the " Etc " module above .
As more docs come to my attention , I 'll update this post and add links to the JRuby wiki page .
For those of you interested in the Ruby FFI project itself , check out the Ruby FFI project on Kenai .
And feel free to hunt down any of the JRuby team , including Wayne Meissner , on the JRuby mailing lists or in # jruby on FreeNode .
Wayne has posted a follow - up with more details here : More on Ruby FFI
And as the political and economic crisis in Zimbabwe deepens , most hospitals have been forced to close their doors as they can no longer afford drugs , equipment or to pay their staff .
" This cholera epidemic is manmade , " Dr. Douglas Gwatidza , head of the Zimbabwean Association of Doctors for Human Rights , said in a telephone call with reporters .
He said government programs to monitor disease outbreaks were in " disarray . "
Those few health facilities still open were trying to stop the spread of cholera but often at the expense of patients with other diseases .
Gwatidza also said dysentery was becoming increasingly prevalent in a country already suffering from one of the world 's worst AIDS epidemics .
On Tuesday , riot police prevented health workers in the capital , Harare , from protesting against Zimbabwe 's collapsing health care system .
Dr. Primrose Matambanadzo said the government needed to issue an urgent appeal for assistance .
" There is a state of crisis , " she said .
" We need things functioning at hospitals now . "
Aid groups fear the outbreaks will worsen as the rainy season progresses and Medecins Sans Frontieres , or Doctors Without Borders , has warned that 1.4 million people are at risk .
There is a state of crisis .
We need things functioning at hospitals now .
The international aid group World Vision said Wednesday that 44 people had died in the Zimbabwean border town of Beitbridge , including one of their staff members .
Beitbridge is one of the regions busiest border crossings and there are concerns that it is already spreading to other countries .
South African authorities have responded to the crisis with extra medical personnel and facilities being set up along the border .
Local health officials in Musina on the South African side of the border said two Zimbabweans died of cholera after crossing into the country while 64 patients were treated last weekend , the Star newspaper reported Wednesday .
Meanwhile , the South African Press Association reported that a South African truck driver who travelled from Zimbabwe has been admitted to a Durban hospital , showing symptoms of cholera .
Zimbabwe once had among the best health care systems in sub-Saharan Africa .
But the country 's economic meltdown has led to chronic shortages of food and gasoline , and daily outages of power and water .
Mugabe , in power since independence from Britain in 1980 , blames Western sanctions for his country 's extreme financial woes .
But critics point to corruption and mismanagement under his increasingly autocratic leadership .
Hopes were raised when Mugabe signed a power - sharing arrangement with the opposition in September , but little progress has been made toward setting up a unity government .
The World Food Programme says that it has signed a new food aid deal to allow the UN agency to provide 350,000 tonnes of grain to millions in the strife - torn country .
" The agreement is part of our long - standing partnership with the goverment of Zimbabwe .
It runs until April 2010 , " said WFP spokesman Richard Lee .
The $ 500 million agreement will provide food relief to poverty - stricken Zimbabweans over the next two years .
AP
Posted By : Stonecipher
Oct. 25 , 2008
Eight years ago I was certain that I would never see another politician as incoherent and incompetent as George W. Bush .
Eight weeks ago the GOP proved me wrong and I became convinced that never again would I see a politician as dumb as Sarah Palin .
Well , eight days ago , the Republican Party once again proved me wrong , when freshman Minnesota Congresswoman , Michele Bachmann , appeared on MSNBC's ' Hardball ' with Chris Matthews and did her best Joe McCarthy impression - calling for a widespread investigation into members of Congress who , she thinks , may be anti-American .
Had Rep. Bachmann 's McCarthyist outburst been the first incident of it's kind , maybe it could have been explained away with the old she - does - so - many - interviews excuse , in which her campaign would have explained that she does hundreds and hundreds of interviews and she never goofs up like she did in this particular case and it is just a shame that her unfortunate remarks came at a time when she had such a large audience .
If no pattern had existed , true , maybe the national media would still be all over her for the ignorance and stupidity she displayed on ' Hardball ' , but the voters in Minnesota 's 6th District may have given her a break .
After all , they have watched Michele Bachmann for two years now and have a pretty good sense of who the real Michele is .
Sadly for Michele Bachmann and the Republican Party , a pattern does exist , and many Minnesotans who live in her district seem to finally be picking up on it .
In the week since Bachmann 's ' Hardball ' debacle , her Democratic opponent , Elwyn Tinklenberg , has closed a double digit gap in the polls and now leads Bachmann by three - plus cash is flowing into the Tinklenberg campaign at an astounding rate .
But the truly amazing thing here is not that Tinklenberg has closed such a big gap in such a short period of time , it 's that Michele Bachmann ever had any lead at all , let alone a 13 - point lead at one point in this race .
Before Chris Matthews exposed Rep. Bachmann as a McCarthyist at heart , the people of Minnesota 's 6th District seemed to be giving her a pass on all of the controversy , inflammatory remarks and astounding ignorance that marked Bachmann 's first term as a Congresswoman - not to mention her fanatical love of George W. Bush .
So what made the people of MN - 06 wait so long to finally reject Michele Bachmann ?
My theory : it was the three - strikes - and - you 're - out policy .
Of course , Bachmann has made far more than three gaffes in her short political career , but last Friday 's ' Hardball ' rounded out what I 'll refer to as " Bachmann 's Big Three " - three comments that stand out as monuments to stupidity .
Why do n't we go through them chronologically here ?
One - " Not all cultures are equal " - Sadly , this one is n't taken out of context - it is actually worse than it sounds .
When answering a question about the riots in France during a debate in her 2006 run for Congress , Candidate Bachmann launched into a bizarre , meandering , fictional tale about French Muslim youths involved in some sort of jihad that almost destroyed French culture simply because they could n't assimilate or stop watching al Jazeera on French cable television , which was " encouraging and prompting " them to riot .
During the middle of this strange story , Bachmann brought up what she broadly referred to as a " movement afoot " and that part of that movement is " this whole philosophical idea of multi-cultural diversity , which on the face , sounds wonderful ... but guess what ? " she continues " not all cultures are equal . "
A few moments later she mentions " not that Muslims are bad , but they 're not assimilating . "
Now that is some racist , ignorant stuff .
But the people of MN - 06 decided to let it slide and gave her an 8 - point victory , sending her to Congress and giving the Republican Party a rare 2006 victory in an open seated race .
Two - " There is already an agreement made .
[ Iran is ] going to get half of Iraq . " -
This gem popped out of the mouth of Michele Bachmann in February of 2007 when she gave an interview to a reporter from the St. Cloud Times .
At one point during the interview , Rep. Bachmann explained to the reporter that Iran wanted the U.S. out of Iraq .
" You know why ? " she asked him and then answered " ... because they already decided that they are going to partition Iraq " .
The Congresswoman was unable to offer any explanation as to where she obtained this information , but a few days later she apparently realized that making stuff up is much harder to do when you 're actually in Congress than when you 're simply running for Congress .
So she released a statement which claimed her words had been misconstrued .
You can check out the statement here - the three paragraphs read like a solid C+ 8th grade paper .
Three -
" I wish the American media would take a great look at the views of the people in Congress and find out , are they pro-America or anti-America ? "
- So here we are , back to the comment that kicked this piece off in the first place .
But since it 's getting late and this post is getting long , I 'll just let you take a look at Bachmann 's comments for yourself :
So there it was , strike three .
Michele Bachmann 's Congressional career is over .
Some might think it is a little premature to call Bachmann the loser at this point .
The SurveyUSA poll only showed a 3 - point lead for Tinklenberg , it 's within the margin of error .
Well , the thing is , that poll was taken after Bachmann 's third strike but before the RNCC decided to pull all of their money out of Bachmann 's race and before the effect of Tinklenberg 's new money could truly be felt .
This race only has one direction to move over the next ten days , and that 's towards Elwyn Tinklenberg , the next Congressman from Minnesota 's 6th .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Citigroup
Inc lost more than one - quarter of its market value on growing worries over whether it has enough capital to withstand billions of dollars of potential losses and despite new support from its largest individual investor .
Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal said he plans to increase his stake in Citigroup , the No. 2 U.S. bank by assets , to 5 percent from less than 4 percent , calling its shares “ dramatically undervalued . ”
Alwaleed expressed “ full and complete support ” for bank management , including Chief Executive Vikram Pandit , who said this week the bank will slash 52,000 jobs and 20 percent of expenses .
Investors were unimpressed , and on Thursday drove the bank ’s shares down below $ 5 , a level not seen since 1994 .
The market value of Citigroup has fallen $ 48.7 billion this month alone .
Citigroup is not seeking any government financial aid , and is not seeing any unusual business activity , a person close to the bank said .
Analysts said the bank could face more than $ 20 billion in losses in 2009 on commercial real estate , credit cards and emerging markets , as the world economy sinks into recession .
Some investors have said the government might have to step in , perhaps augmenting the $ 25 billion it injected last month from a $ 700 billion industry rescue package .
The bank has raised another $ 50 billion since the middle of 2007 .
“ How much capital is Citi going to need ? ” said Keith Davis , a bank analyst at Farr , Miller & Washington in Washington , D.C. “ I do n’t think anyone knows , and so the knee - jerk reaction is to sell first and ask questions later . ”
Citigroup shares closed down $ 1.69 , or 26.4 percent , at $ 4.71 , with volume topping 723 million shares .
A Citigroup spokeswoman declined to comment on the share price .
The bank has asked the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission to reinstate a ban on the short - selling of financial stocks in an attempt to arrest their downward spiral , a person familiar with the matter said Thursday .
A prior ban expired Oct 8 .
Other banks ’ shares also tumbled on Thursday , with JPMorgan Chase & Co falling 17.9 percent and Bank of America Corp closing down 13.9 percent .
Along with Citigroup , the banks are components of the Dow Jones industrial average , which shed 5.6 percent .
JPMorgan is eliminating about 3,000 investment banking jobs , or 10 percent of that unit , to cope with the deteriorating economy , people familiar with the matter said .
Bank of New York Mellon Corp announced 1,800 job cuts .
And KeyCorp , a Midwest regional bank , reduced its common stock dividend for the second time in six months .
Slideshow ( 6 images )
STABILITY ‘TOP PRIORITY ’
Citigroup ’s market value , which once topped $ 270 billion , fell to $ 25.7 billion on Thursday .
The bank was overtaken in market value this week by U.S. Bancorp and Bank of New York Mellon , despite being more than four times larger by assets than those companies combined .
Five - year credit default swaps for Citigroup rose to 395 basis points , meaning it would cost $ 395,000 annually to protect $ 10 million of debt , according to Phoenix Partners Group .
That ’s up from $ 357,000 of annual payments on Wednesday , according to Markit .
Slideshow ( 6 images )
Earlier this year , the government has rescued giant insurer American International Group Inc and mortgage giants Fannie Mae Freddie Mac .
Citigroup “ will get bailed out , and that ’s another unfortunate strain on the U.S. government , ” said Saj Karim , an investment adviser at Cannacord Capital in Waterloo , Ontario .
U.S. Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson declined to comment on Citigroup .
Despite its troubles , Citigroup is one of three final bidders , along with JPMorgan and Capital One Financial Corp for Chevy Chase Bank , a Bethesda , Maryland , lender with $ 11.4 billion in deposits , sources said .
Pandit suffered a setback last month when Wells Fargo & Co agreed to buy Wachovia Corp , trumping Citigroup ’s bid to buy much of the Charlotte , North Carolina - based bank and add $ 418.8 billion of deposits .
‘ LONG - TERM WINNER ’
Alwaleed said the bank is “ taking all the necessary steps to position the company to withstand the challenges facing the banking industry and the global economy . ”
The Saudi billionaire , a nephew of Saudi King Abdullah , said he is “ fully confident that Citigroup ’s universal banking model and global franchise will make it a long - term winner in the financial services industry . ”
Alwaleed also came to the bank ’s aid in 1991 , when he invested $ 590 million in Citigroup predecessor Citicorp , which at the time needed cash as it struggled with Latin American loan losses and a collapse in U.S. real estate prices .
Citigroup has lost $ 20.3 billion in the last year and taken tens of billions of dollars in write - downs on mortgage and other toxic debt .
Analysts expect it to lose money in the fourth quarter , and some do n’t see any profit in 2009 .
“ We do n’t see anything wrong from the point of view of liquidity , ” said Standard & Poor ’s credit analyst Tanya Azarchs .
“ We can see a fourth - quarter loss that could be getting worse because of events in the marketplace , but they are not alone . ”
Citigroup ’s potential losses could include a write - down tied to ailing bond insurer Ambac Financial Group Inc , which said Wednesday it ended two insurance contracts on collateralized debt obligations , paying 28 cents on the dollar .
That could imply a $ 2 billion write - down at Citigroup .
IMF Bailout of the United States Coming ?
Economics has less to do with money than power .
- Modern economics is not rocket science .
Modern economics is a fraud .
Metrics such as “ monetary aggregates ” and the “ velocity of money ” are merely devices meant to divert attention away from the fraud in progress .
Focusing on such metrics has been a critical component in the success of the bankers ' extraordinary shell game of modern economics .
But the current crisis has not only interrupted the bankers ' confidence game , it has shed unexpected light on the precarious positions of those fleeced
The producers , savers , entrepreneurs who had previously accepted the banker 's credit based money as legitimate are now discovering they were but suckers in an opaque and cleverly constructed street game , sic Wall Street 's , designed to defraud the unsuspecting and vulnerable onlookers and players .
The greatest casualty of today 's unfolding crisis is the belief that bankers are performing a needed function in today 's world .
It is true that in credit driven capital economies founded on debt - based money issued by central banks , bankers are essential .
In confidence games , con-men always play a critical role ; the banker 's shell game of modern economics is no exception .
Modern economics is a system whereby bankers inserted compounding credit with debt - based paper money into every aspect of commerce ; and are thus able to live like parasites partying off the productivity of others ( gotta love those billion dollar bonuses ! ) .
Only now is this becoming obvious ; for only when a confidence game breaks down , does the truth become clear .
AAA SUBPRIME COLLATERIZED DEBT OBLIGATIONS
The bankers con game began to disintegrate when US sub prime collaterized debt obligations were given the highest AAA ratings by rating agencies , i.e. Moody's , Standard & Poor , Fitch , etc. ; and , when the AAA rated securities began to default , investor confidence in the bankers ' global con game began to default as well .
The rest is history — or soon will be .
The AAA rating granted to sub prime CDOs is the same rating that is given to AAA US government treasuries .
According to the rating agencies , the creditworthiness of US sub prime borrowers is no different than that accorded to the US government — and unfortunately the credit agencies are right .
The major holders of US treasuries — China , Japan , Russia , sovereign wealth funds , pension funds , insurance companies and investors — will soon discover is that the US is no more able to pay its $ 13 trillion of dollars of debt than sub prime borrowers can pay the $ 1.3 trillion dollars owed on sub prime mortgages .
AAA SUBPRIME US TREASURIES
DEMOCRATS —THE TAX AND SPEND PARTY
VERSUS
REPUBLICANS —THE TAX LESS AND SPEND MORE PARTY
Just as deficit spending stimulates economic activity ; so do tax cuts ; and when the two are simultaneously applied , the effect is exponentially enhanced .
Unfortunately , so , too , are the consequences .
The combination of US deficit spending and tax cuts during the Bush presidency caused an extraordinary expansion of the US economy , an expansion that affected the global economy as well .
Unfortunately , the US expansion was based on consumer credit and now that credit has turned into unpayable debt , the US expansion is affecting the world negatively .
The growing US debt is the number one problem facing the world today .
The US , the issuer of the world reserve currency , the US dollar , is the world 's number one debtor and its borrowing needs have now reached the point of threatening global economic stability .
The growth of US deficit spending combined with tax cuts has transformed the US into a debtor unable to pay down debt without borrowing more .
According to Hyman Minsky 's Financial Instability Hypothesis , debtors finance debt by either by hedge , speculative , or Ponzi finance .
The US is now using Ponzi financing to do so .
Hedge financing units are those which can fulfill all of their contractual payment obligations by their cash flows … Speculative finance units are units that ... cannot repay the principle out of income cash flows .
Such units need to “ roll over ” their liabilities : e.g. issue new debt to meet commitments on maturing debt .
For Ponzi units , the cash flows from operations are not sufficient to fulfill either the repayment of principle of the interest due on outstanding debts by their cash flows from operations ...
A unit that Ponzi finances lowers the margin of safety that it offers the holders of its debts .
The Financial Instability Hypothesis by Hyman Minsky , Working Paper No. 74 , May 1992 :
Only by rolling its debt forward and borrowing is the US still able to pay its debts — and its ability to do so has now worsened considerably ; and the recent growth in US loan guarantees has made US repayment of its debt even more questionable
From the Washington Post , October 18 , 2008
… the budget deficit -- the annual difference between government spending and tax collections - .. jumped from $ 162 billion last year to $ 455 billion in the fiscal year that ended in September , largely because of the cost of the stimulus package , as well as slowing tax revenues and rising expenses in Iraq and Afghanistan … it 's not hard to imagine the deficit rising to $ 1 trillion .
The inability of the US to pay its debt has grave implications for those who loan the US the trillions of dollars the US borrows .
With the US debt levels growing even as the US economy weakens , creditors may choose to not loan the US the vast sums of money the US is now committed to spending , a sum Goldman Sachs estimates to be $ 2 trillion in 2009 alone .
The marketplace has already taken notice :
LONDON , Sept 24 ( Reuters ) -
The cost of insuring 10 - year U.S. government
debt against default rose to a record high on Wednesday as investors fretted
over the feasibility of the government 's $ 700 billion plan to contain the
financial crisis .
Credit default swaps on 10 - year Treasury debt expanded to 29.2 basis
points -- its widest ever -- from 26.5 basis points on Tuesday , according to
CMA , a specialized data provider .
CMA said CDS on five - year widened to 22.0 basis points from 20.5 basis
points .
( Reporting by Emelia Sithole - Matarise
THE IMF AND THE US
Because the US , the world 's lender of last resort , is itself bankrupt , the world economy is in danger of collapse .
The IMF has now been asked to bail out Iceland , Pakistan , Hungary and Ukraine .
The US may very well be the next IMF client .
What has happened this fall has eclipsed everything that has gone before .
What will happen next year will eclipse what is now happening this fall .
The crisis is growing as the end - game of capitalism approaches its end irrespective of what central banks try to do .
This time the bankers overstepped themselves in such a way they have brought destruction not only on society but on themselves as well .
It is only right that they should suffer too — as , after all , it is they who caused our problems .
It is unfortunate that society is being forced to lessen the burden on bankers even as bankers continue to indebt society .
But , then again , that 's what government is for — to act as the bankers ' agents in the continuing indebting of nations , businesses , producers and savers .
Markets will only be free when the virus of bankers ' debt - based paper money is permanently removed from commerce and the present tyranny of banker - controlled government is ended .
By Darryl Robert Schoon
www.survivethecrisis.com
www.drschoon.com
blog www.posdev.net
About Darryl Robert Schoon
In college , I majored in political science with a focus on East Asia ( B.A. University of California at Davis , 1966 ) .
My in - depth study of economics did not occur until much later .
In the 1990s , I became curious about the Great Depression and in the course of my study , I realized that most of my preconceptions about money and the economy were just that - preconceptions .
I , like most others , did not really understand the nature of money and the economy .
Now , I have some insights and answers about these critical matters .
In October 2005 , Marshall Thurber , a close friend from law school convened The Positive Deviant Network ( the PDN ) , a group of individuals whom Marshall believed to be " out - of - the - box " thinkers and I was asked to join .
The PDN became a major catalyst in my writings on economic issues .
When I discovered others in the PDN shared my concerns about the US economy , I began writing down my thoughts .
In March 2007 I presented my findings to the Positive Deviant Network in the form of an in - depth 148 - page analysis , " How to Survive the Crisis and Prosper In The Process . "
The reception to my presentation , though controversial , generated a significant amount of interest ; and in May 2007 , " How To Survive The Crisis And Prosper In The Process " was made available at www.survivethecrisis.com and I began writing articles on economic issues .
The interest in the book and my writings has been gratifying .
During its first two months , www.survivethecrisis.com was accessed by over 10,000 viewers from 93 countries .
Clearly , we had struck a chord and www.drschoon.com , has been created to address this interest .
Darryl R Schoon Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Why , I ask you , does it seem that every vendor I ’ve even thought about soliciting a quote from has decided to flood my email with “ Holiday Specials ” on highly specialized scientific equipment ?
There ’s a reason that O .
Henry tells not of Jim selling his oscilloscope to buy Della a phototube cryocooler , while Della sells her monochromator to buy Jim a signal generator .
That reason is because it ’s moronic .
A little subtle sexism , anyone ?
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Popular wisdom may suggest that toll roads are unfair to the poor , but a new joint study by UCLA and USC researchers shows that these pay - as - you - go transportation options may actually be fairer to all income levels than paying for road improvements through sales taxes .
" Just Pricing : The Distributional Effects of Congestion Pricing and Sales Taxes , " examines the high - occupancy toll lanes on State Route 91 in Orange County , Calif. , known as the 91 Express Lanes .
The study is currently available in the online edition of the journal Transportation and comes " at a time when public officials in Los Angeles and other cities are considering congestion tolls and sales tax increases for transportation , " according to study co-author Brain D. Taylor .
In the study , Taylor , professor and chair of urban planning at UCLA and director of the UCLA Institute of Transportation Studies , and co-author Lisa Schweitzer , assistant professor at USC's School of Policy , Planning , and Development , compared how two distinct transportation - funding mechanisms — a toll road and a tax measure — affect Orange County 's lower - income residents .
Because many voters and elected officials oppose proposals for " congestion tolls " on equity grounds , road projects are usually funded by more politically acceptable sales taxes .
The researchers found that this reasoning is flawed .
" Asking drivers to pay for road use ignites debates over fairness , but the debate often fails to address the larger question of how funding for transportation projects is actually being distributed throughout the community , " Schweitzer said .
" Freeways are a premium transport service , and they should be priced accordingly .
The study shows that if we are prudent , we can do that while being sensitive to the circumstances of low - income drivers . "
The 91 Express Lanes is a 10 - mile stretch of roadway comprising four lanes in the center of the freeway reserved for registered users with transponders .
Subscribers can choose to pay a toll to enter these lanes and bypass stop - and - go traffic in the adjacent " free " lanes .
The tolls are set to keep traffic in the reserved lanes free - flowing and range from $ 1.25 to $ 10 , depending on the direction and time of day .
The study found that the express lanes are disproportionately used by middle - and upper - middle - income households .
Using this as a starting point , the researchers asked hypothetically how people of different income levels would be affected if the four express lanes had instead been financed with sales tax revenues .
To answer this question , they looked at Orange County 's local option transportation sales tax , known as Measure M , which is levied on everyone who purchases taxable goods and services in the county .
Measure M generated about $ 240 million annually during the period of the study , which considered expenditures by both Orange County residents and out - of - town visitors .
If Measure M funds had been used to finance the express lanes , the study found , the poor and wealthy would have paid more .
Middle - and upper - middle - income taxpayers would have paid $ 26 million less each year than they paid under the current cost - distribution system , and the very poorest residents would have paid over $ 3 million more than they actually did under the current toll system .
Under the current 91 Express Lanes scenario , those who are paying the most to use the lanes are typically middle - and upper - middle - class households who have the freedom to decide whether the extra price is worth the savings in time .
" While regular users can pay dearly for the right to bypass 9 miles of bumper - to - bumper traffic — about $ 700 a year for heavy users and $ 300 a year for moderate users — all such payments are voluntary , because traveling in the congested free lanes is always an option , " Taylor said .
The study notes that most forms of transportation finance — fuel taxes , sales taxes and tolls — are regressive forms of taxation in that they burden the poor more than the rich .
" Are tolls regressive ?
According to this and many previous analyses , yes .
But for transport policy , whether tolls are regressive fails to fully address the justice and fairness issues that arise in financing road use , " the researchers write .
" Using sales taxes to fund roadways creates substantial savings to drivers by shifting some of the costs of driving from drivers to consumers at large , and in the process disproportionately favors the more affluent at the expense of the impoverished . "
The researchers suggest that if policymakers are worried about low - income , peak - period commuters paying tolls , one way to address this would be to provide discounted " lifeline " pricing based on income levels , as is done by utility companies for qualifying customers , or provide travel credits to lower - income commuters .
Another strategy is to use toll revenues to enhance transit services along the corridor so that people have an alternative to driving on the freeway .
While economists have long argued for " congestion tolls " on efficiency grounds , this groundbreaking new study suggests that such tolls may , surprisingly , increase equity in comparison to raising sales taxes to pay for transportation facilities .
The study is currently available online at www.springerlink.com/content/l168327363227298 .
Provided by UCLA
Explore further Solo hybrid drivers in carpool lanes amplify gridlock
By Rece Davis , ESPN.com
This is the point of the season when the chaos hit high gear in 2007 .
After Nov. 1 , teams ranked first or second in the BCS standings went 3 - 7 .
The 2008 calendar hits November on Saturday .
Will we be treated to an upset encore this season ?
No . 1 Texas gets a stern test in Lubbock , Texas , on Saturday night ( ABC , 8 ET ) .
It ’s the biggest game in Red Raiders history , but is this the game that changes Red Raiders history ?
Texas
Tech is and will always be in Texas ’ shadow .
That ’s life in the Lone Star State .
But rather than being known as a program with a gimmicky offense and an eccentric coach , Texas Tech can arrive as a title contender with a win .
From an emotional standpoint , I think the road trip will actually help Texas .
I thought last week against Oklahoma State was the tough one for which to get ready .
After the Oklahoma game , Texas heard all week how it could n’t let down for Missouri .
Then the Longhorns got basically the same message before facing the Cowboys .
The Horns have responded beautifully .
Now , for something completely different , Texas gets a road game in a hostile environment .
It ’s only Texas ’ second true road game of the season .
I think it will help the Horns .
Distractions will be limited , and the challenge will be fresh .
It ’ll be the No. 7 Red Raiders who have to deal with the hoopla surrounding the game .
These offenses are prolific , but keep your eyes on the defense — and not just the Texas defense .
Tech has two of the top three sack artists in the Big 12 .
Brandon Williams and McKinner Dixon rank second and third in the Big 12 in sacks , just behind the Longhorns ’ Brian Orakpo .
So in a game that will likely be dominated statistically by offenses , which defense can make the key stop , come up with the big sack or force the critical turnover might decide the game .
The Longhorns are n’t the only ones with playmakers on defense .
Keep your eye on whether those two Texas Tech pass - rushers can contain Colt McCoy .
That should give us an early sign as to whether the Red Raiders have the chops to pull the upset .
The financial crisis , used to justify the $ 700 billion Wall Street bailout approved by Congress and signed into law by President Bush on Friday , deepened dramatically Monday , as stock markets around the world registered massive losses in panic selling .
It was the biggest global stock market crash since “ Black Monday , ” October 19 , 1987 , when exchanges around the world collapsed and the Dow Jones Industrial Average registered a loss of 22.6 percent , its largest ever single - day decline in percentage terms .
On Monday , Europe suffered its worst - ever one - day drop in share prices , with the pan-European Stoxx 600 index falling 7.6 percent .
( See : “ European stock markets in freefall following Paris financial summit ” ) .
Trading was halted either completely or partially in Iceland and Russia .
The latter saw a 20 percent decline in share values .
European bank stocks suffered massive losses .
Britain ’s HBOS dropped 19.8 percent , Lloyds lost 10.8 percent , the Royal Bank of Scotland plummeted by 20.5 percent , Switzerland ’s UBS fell 12 percent , Belgium ’s Dexia declined 20 percent , Germany ’s Commerzbank lost 12.5 percent , Deutsche Bank was off 8.4 percent , France ’s Societe Generale gave up 9.5 percent and Italy ’s UniCredit shares plunged 9 percent before trading in its stock was suspended .
Shares of European industrial firms were also hammered .
EADS , the parent of Airbus , fell 7.5 percent , ArcelorMittal , the world ’s biggest steel maker , dropped 8.6 percent , German auto maker Daimler was down 5.8 percent and British Airways slid 10.3 percent .
The sense of panic was reflected in gallows humor , such as the quip from a senior trader at ETX Capital , who said , “ Black Mondays used to be a once - in - a - lifetime event .
Now they ’re coming along more regularly than a London bus . ”
Peter Dixon , a strategist at Commerzbank , said , “ This is markets in pure panic mode .
The financial system is seizing up … ”
“ The banking system does n’t work any more , ” said Robert Quinn , European stock analyst at Standard & Poor’s .
“ It ’s just broken . ”
Share prices also fell heavily across Asia .
China ’s benchmark Shanghai Composite Index dropped 5.2 percent , Hong Kong ’s Hang Seng Index fell 5 percent and Tokyo ’s Nikkei Stock Average declined 4.3 percent to its lowest level since February 2004 .
Benchmark indexes in Singapore , Seoul and Mumbai fell , respectively , 5.6 percent , 4.3 percent and 5.8 percent .
Shares in Indonesia plunged 10 percent .
In South America , exchanges were shut down in Brazil and Peru because of massive selling .
The Toronto Stock Exchange ’s principal index fell more than 1,000 points , or 11 per cent , then recovered about half of its losses to close down by 573 points , or 5.3 percent .
In the US , panic selling at one point dropped the Dow by 800 points and brought the index below the 10,000 mark for the first time since 2004 .
By the end of trading , the market had recovered some of its losses , with the Dow closing with a 370 point ( 3.6 percent ) loss .
The Nasdaq Composite Index ended down 84 points ( minus 4.3 percent ) and the Standard & Poor ’s 500 Index closed down 42 points ( minus 3.9 percent ) .
The losses added to declines on Friday , when all three indexes fell in the aftermath of the House of Representatives ’ vote approving the bailout plan for US banks drawn up by Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson .
For all of last week , the Dow lost 7.4 percent , the Nasdaq fell 10.8 percent and the S&P 500 declined 9.4 percent .
The plunge on Wall Street came despite new steps by the Federal Reserve Board to unfreeze credit markets by flooding the banks with cheap loans .
The Fed announced Monday that it would immediately double the amount of cash available to US banks under a so - called “ auction facility ” it launched last December .
Under this program , the Fed extends low - cost credit to the banks and accepts as collateral virtually worthless assets such as mortgage - backed securities .
The Fed increased its credit line under the program from $ 150 billion to $ 300 billion , said it would soon raise that amount to $ 600 billion , and would bring the total of such loans to $ 900 billion by the end of the year .
The Fed also announced it would begin paying the banks interest on reserves they keep in the Federal Reserve system , another windfall that will eventually be paid with taxpayer funds .
This change is one of the provisions , previously unreported in the media , contained in the bailout package signed into law on Friday .
Another is even more far - reaching .
It authorizes the US Treasury to guarantee the Federal Reserve against any losses it incurs in pumping liquidity into the banking system .
This could potentially cost US taxpayers hundreds of billions of dollars beyond the purported $ 700 billion cost of the bailout passed on Friday .
Paulson rushed to put in place the machinery to begin buying securities from the banks with public funds .
The Treasury named a high - ranking official , Neel Kashkari , to head a new Office of Financial Stability and began soliciting for Wall Street asset managers to oversee the program .
Bush , attempting to calm the markets , made an appearance in Texas and said getting the bailout program up and running would “ take time . ”
This only heightened the panic in financial markets , which are facing a lockdown of virtually all forms of credit .
Notwithstanding the claims of the bailout ’s backers , particularly Democratic congressional leaders and presidential candidate Barack Obama , that the process would have “ transparency ” and “ oversight ” safeguards to prevent conflicts of interest , the appointment of Kashkari already points to a program rife with insider influence , self - dealing and corruption .
Kashkari is a former executive at Goldman Sachs and worked under Paulson when Paulson was CEO of the Wall Street firm .
The global market panic has already demonstrated that the bailout , while covering the losses of the most powerful sections of the financial elite , will do little , if anything , to stem the deepening financial crisis and recession .
The scale of worthless paper assets within the global banking system is so immense that the banks themselves have no confidence in the credit - worthiness of their counterparts and are refusing to lend .
Monday ’s sell - off was precipitated by a number of factors .
The US jobless report issued Friday showed a large increase in the net job loss in September , increasing fears of a deep and protracted recession .
A series of bank failures destabilized the entire banking system in Europe .
And the European financial summit held Saturday produced no coordinated plan to head off more bank failures .
All of the financial indices on Monday pointed to a general collapse of confidence in the world credit system , which is increasingly undermining the broader economy .
Oil prices continued to fall sharply , gold futures soared , yields on US government bonds fell to nearly zero and inter - bank lending rates rose even higher .
The Conference Board in the US reported that its employment trends index fell 0.8 percent in September , leaving it almost 10 percent below the level a year ago .
Many economists are now predicting that unemployment in the US will rise sharply , exceeding 7 percent in early 2009 .
The investment bank Morgan Stanley warned : “ The recession now threatens to go global , with industrial economies on the brink , and trade and financial shocks threatening the developing world . ”
Les Chinois sont réputés pour leurs savoir - faire concernant la composition de remède à base de plante .
En effet , le baume du tigre fait partie de ces remèdes miraculeux de la médecine traditionnelle chinoise .
Il est composé de plusieurs plantes qui ont pour but de traiter les douleurs , les contractures musculaires et articulaires .
Le baume du tigre est reconnu comme étant un puissant anti-inflammatoire et antalgique essentiel dans la vie quotidienne .
Il s’agit d’un produit présent dans plus d’une centaine de pays pour agir contre ces différentes douleurs .
Ce baume contient de nombreuses qualités utiles pour la santé physique .
En premier lieu , il accompagne les sportifs après les entrainements intenses qu’ils subissent .
L’usage du baume se fait sur les muscles afin de provoquer un apaisement et une décontraction .
Ensuite , les dysfonctionnements apparus au niveau des articulations et des tendons engendrent une inflammation de ces zones notamment sur les épaules .
Le baume du tigre dispose de certains éléments aidant l’organisme à diminuer les douleurs et favorise le trajet du sang dans les vaisseaux sanguins .
Le baume défend également les voies respiratoires contre les microbes qui causent le rhume et les infections respiratoires .
Il est à appliquer à l’extérieur et ne doit pas être en relation avec des muqueuses ni les yeux .
La toux , le nez bouché ou les maux de gorge disparaissent aussi avec l’utilisation de ce produit .
Les maux de tête se soignent finalement après l’application de ce baume du tigre sur les tempes ou sur le front .
Il ne faut pas oublier que le baume du tigre n’aide pas uniquement pour les douleurs , mais il est nécessaire pour le traitement des piqûres d’insectes , les petites brûlures ou la présence d’ampoule .
Par conséquent , la qualité du baume est perçue sur plusieurs aspects de la vie quotidienne étant donné qu’il rassemble d’innombrables vertus .
Tous les produits vendus sur cette boutique , sont des originaux provenant des distributeurs de la société Haw Par Corporation .
Des bienfaits différents pour chaque baume
Il existe deux types de baume du tigre et chacun d’entre eux se compose de :
Le camphre se définit comme étant l’arbre de la vie chez les Chinois ainsi que les huiles essentielles venant des feuilles de ravintsara .
Ces huiles symbolisent 25 % du baume .
se définit comme étant l’arbre de la vie chez les Chinois ainsi que les huiles essentielles venant des feuilles de ravintsara .
Ces huiles symbolisent 25 % du baume .
D’ huiles essentielles obtenues de clou de girofle réputé pour ses bienfaits médicinaux et gastronomiques
obtenues de clou de girofle réputé pour ses bienfaits médicinaux et gastronomiques
Le menthol découle de l’extraction de la menthe poivrée participe à la composition de ce baume en couvrant 10 % du volume .
Il offre un peu de fraîcheur tout en effectuant son rôle de protection contre les bactéries , l’inflammation , etc .
Baume du tigre rouge
Le baume du tigre rouge reste la première version de celui-ci avant la sortie des autres formes .
Certainement , il comporte les éléments notés ci-dessus , mais vient s’ajouter quelques substances en plus comme le girofle et la cannelle .
Ce sont des épices conçues pour donner de la chaleur grâce à ses diverses propriétés .
La cannelle se trouve habituellement dans une cuisine pour assaisonner les plats , pourtant elle fortifie et purifie sans laisser la place aux infections .
Le girofle et la cannelle détiennent des vertus chauffantes pour que les muscles et les articulations puissent se relâcher et se reposer .
La quantité d’huile de menthe reste assez élevée pour ce type de baume vu qu’il joue le rôle d’antalgique et d’anesthésiants .
Le baume du tigre est dit rouge à cause de l’existence d’huile essentielle de cajeput provenant d’un arbre aromatique d’Inde .
La couleur rouge s’obtient avec cette essence qualifiée en tant qu’antiseptique .
Le baume du tigre rouge s’use généralement pour les douleurs musculaires et articulaires en l’étalant sur la partie douloureuse du corps .
Les personnes stressées doivent faire pareil en utilisant ce baume pour avoir une sérénité .
Baume du tigre blanc
Le baume du tigre blanc s’est vendu pour la première fois à Singapour vers les années 1920 .
Il contient les mêmes ingrédients de base énoncée auparavant tels que le camphre et le menthol .
Cependant , le baume du tigre blanc fournit un élément de plus pour faire sa particularité vis - à - vis du baume du tigre rouge .
Justement , il détient aussi de l’eucalyptus dans son contenu .
Cette plante a su se faire un nom dans la gestion des problèmes respiratoires comme la bronchite chronique , l’asthme , la sinusite , sans oublier le rhume qui arrive souvent .
Le principal atout de l’eucalyptus est son rôle d’antiseptique pour gérer efficacement l’inflammation respiratoire .
Les feuilles serviront à dégager des huiles essentielles primordiales à la composition du baume du tigre blanc .
Les feuilles d’eucalyptus contribuent à la fabrication d’infusion pour éliminer les microbes introduits dans le système respiratoire .
Le baume du tigre blanc est fait pour solutionner les maladies respiratoires comme la grippe , mucosités , congestion nasale et les maux de tête .
Les substances émises pendant son élaboration ont été pesées suivant des normes afin d’offrir l’effet désiré .
Ce baume incite le système immunitaire à se protéger des infections qui peuvent survenir .
Il ne reste qu’à placer du baume sur les sinus , la gorge ou le thorax et faire un petit massage pour bien incorporer le produit sur les parties affectées .
Les maux de tête guérissent autant que les maladies respiratoires .
Évidemment , il faudra l’appliquer sur le front et sur les tempes puis attendre que le baume fasse son effet .
Le baume du tigre blanc atteindra les récepteurs nerveux dans l’objectif de calmer la douleur et d’apaiser l’esprit .
Huile du tigre ou liniment
Il s’agit de la forme liquide du baume du tigre standard sur le marché .
L’huile de tigre renferme les mêmes éléments , toutefois il se répartit comme suit :
Du camphre à 15 %
Du menthol 8 %
D’huile d’Eucalyptus de 6 %
L’huile de Lavande 5 %
Salicylate de Méthyle 38 %
L’huile est comprise dans un flacon de 28 ml et se trouve plus pratique pour son usage , en plus c’est un produit concentré en Salicylate de Méthyle .
Il a été conçu pour répondre au besoin des utilisateurs qui trouvaient que la crème mise en boîte ne suffisait plus .
Malheureusement , la plupart de gens pensent que la valeur de l’huile du tigre diminue vu sa forme liquide .
L’huile est utilisée pour une variété de massage afin d’offrir un soulagement des muscles et de l’ensemble du corps parce qu’elle dispose des antalgiques utiles à cela .
L’avantage majeur de la forme liquide c’est qu’il est possible de mesurer avec exactitude la quantité à utiliser .
Il suffit de verser quelques gouttes et de l’étaler sur les endroits douloureux pour ressentir la relaxation des muscles .
Ainsi , vous pourrez soigner l’arthrite , les hématomes , les tendinites et les migraines en faisant un massage rotatif .
La chaleur apportée par l’huile du tigre atténue les douleurs musculaires et les courbatures pour les sportifs .
De ce fait , la forme liquide du baume du tigre engendre les mêmes effets sur le corps .
La pratique d’un massage répété diminue les douleurs jusqu’à leurs disparitions totales .
Bien que cette huile génère des conséquences positives , elle ne doit pas se positionner sur les contours des muqueuses des lèvres , des yeux ou du sexe .
Les patchs pour le dos et la fièvre
Le baume du tigre peut se présenter sous nombreuses formes y compris le patch .
C’est un genre de pansement à mettre sur la partie douloureuse du corps notamment sur le dos .
Effectivement , vous avez la possibilité de découvrir le baume du tigre sous une forme assez pratique .
Premièrement , les patchs pour le dos sont faits pour ceux qui n’ont pas la possibilité d’appliquer correctement le baume tels que les conditions défavorables dans une voiture , au bureau , etc .
L’implantation du patch éloigne les douleurs de dos , les courbatures ou les problèmes au niveau de l’épaule et des reins .
Il reste avantageux et pratique pour ceux qui endurent des douleurs au quotidien parce que le patch n’évoque aucune odeur et n’est pas visible parce qu’il se porte directement sous vos vêtements .
Un patch est constitué par du camphre , de la menthe , l’eucalyptus , le menthol et un peu d’extrait de piment .
Il fonctionne comme une bande adhésive qui peut se coller et suivre la forme du dos .
La chaleur dérivant de ces substances relaxe les muscles et emporte les douleurs survenues lors du travail ou des activités .
Le patch spécial pour le dos s’installe après le nettoyage et le séchage de son emplacement .
Il peut réaliser sans souci son travail d’antidouleur .
Afin de bénéficier des privilèges du patch , il est conseillé de le mettre constamment sur un endroit précis durant 3 heures continues .
Deuxièmement , il subsiste des patchs préparés avec les éléments de baume du tigre pour calmer une forte fièvre .
Il agit sur l’élévation de la température pendant le traitement de la fièvre .
Sûrement , la fièvre s’accompagne d’une hausse de température corporelle surtout chez les enfants , car il est prouvé que les enfants et les personnes âgées ne disposent pas d’anticorps suffisant pour lutter contre la fièvre .
Le sachet livré sur le marché contient deux patchs , chacun est utilisable pendant 5 heures pour faire baisser la température .
Le mode d’utilisation du patch reste facile puisqu’il faut juste retirer le film transparent et le mettre sur le front pour donner une fraicheur et refroidir le corps .
Les composants du patch jouent un rôle pertinent pour vaincre la température qui est venue s’imposer durant la fièvre .
L’effet de l’hydrogel qui compose le patch se dissimule après 5 heures d’emploi et il est favorable de le changer pour avoir un bon résultat .
Il faut noter que le contact avec les yeux ou une peau irritée est interdit , car il contient des produits néfastes à ces zones .
De plus , le patch convient uniquement aux enfants de plus de 2 ans et aux adultes voulant réduire la température d’une fièvre .
La pommade du tigre
Il s’agit d’une autre facette du baume du tigre qui vous incite à l’utiliser .
Certainement , la pommade du tigre possède des spécificités par rapport aux autres formes existantes .
Néanmoins , la pommade se constitue toujours de mêmes substances par lesquelles le baume est fait .
De la sorte , elle rappelle les bienfaits identiques à ceux que provoque le baume concernant la thérapie des douleurs musculaires .
La pommade est l’ami numéro 1 des sportifs souffrant de courbature durant ou suite à des exercices physiques .
Comme l’ensemble des produits du baume du tigre , il sert à stopper la douleur en l’appliquant avec prudence à l’extérieur des endroits douloureux .
La pommade donne une chaleur intense grâce au camphre pour tranquilliser la douleur , c’est pour cela que les sportifs l’utilisent souvent .
Malgré cela , la pommade du tigre est efficace pour les maux de tête , la toux et le mal de dos c'est - à- dire qu’elle s’adapte aux différentes circonstances qui nécessitent son emploi .
La pommade du tigre peut être divisée en trois types bien distincts et à usage différent .
Ce sont ;
La pommade épaules et nuque : comme son nom l’indique , elle gère la douleur du cou et des épaules .
Elle réduit les tensions perçues sur les cervicales , les torticolis et les névralgies .
: comme son nom l’indique , elle gère la douleur du cou et des épaules .
Elle réduit les tensions perçues sur les cervicales , les torticolis et les névralgies .
La pommade épaules et nuque boost : l ’intensité de la chaleur et la décontraction de muscles sont les maîtres mots des avantages de cette pommade .
: l’intensité de la chaleur et la décontraction de muscles sont les maîtres mots des avantages de cette pommade .
La pommade spéciale muscles : primordial pour tonifier les muscles des sportifs pratiquant régulièrement des mouvements physiques .
Actuellement , la pommade du tigre est un outil primordial pour aider les sportifs à se remettre sur pieds parce qu’il contient des huiles essentielles stimulant les cellules et provoque leurs régénérations .
Elle est déconseillée aux femmes enceintes , aux enfants de moins de 5 ans et aux personnes présentant des allergies sévères sur l’un des composants .
Le baume du tigre offre de nombreux bienfaits pour l’organisme depuis le moment où il a été créé par les chercheurs .
Ces derniers ont su associer plusieurs composants pour donner un produit apportant des solutions à plusieurs problèmes de santé physique .
Désormais , le baume est présenté sous différents aspects afin de faciliter son emploi sur le corps .
En revanche , les avantages que vous gagnez en l’utilisant sont semblables et les produits qui interviennent pour sa fabrication restent les mêmes .
Baume du tigre en pharmacie ?
Distribués exclusivement sur le net , le véridique baume du tigre , est composé de 25 % de camphre .
Bien sûr vous pourrez en trouver dans voter pharmacie local , mais la version distribuée en France ne contient que 10 pourcent de camphre .
Cette version allégée en réduit donc son efficacité !
Cette pommade contribue également à calmer vos migraines , tiraillements musculaires , piqûres d'insecte et participe pareillement à dégager les voies respiratoires .
By By Nikki Weingartner Nov 1 , 2008 in Crime
A father and his four children were the target of a possibly crazed homeowner during their trick - o- treating adventure in a quiet South Carolina neighbourhood .
The man emptied an AK - 47 through his front door , killing one child and injuring two others .
According the the The family was headed home from a city - sponsored event downtown when they decided to stop at a few homes , Sumter Police Chief Patty Patterson said .
The father and his four children approached a home with a porch light on about 8:30 p.m. EDT while their mother waited nearby in a vehicle .
Children across the country approach doors on Halloween night , vulnerable to the fact that a porch light means its OK to approach .
But for this family , the approach was a deadly choice as Quentin Patrick , a 22 - year - old felon , allegedly gunned down the family .
The boy who died was said to have been struck with around thirty rounds .
It was not believed that those who where shot knew the shooter .
Patrick was charged with murder , three counts of assault and battery with intent to kill .
Also arrested in connection with the incident was Patrick 's 19 - year - old female friend , Ericka Patrice Pee , who was said to have tried to flee the scene with thousands of dollars .
Her 2 - year - old toddler was on the scene during the shooting as well .
Pee has been charged with obstruction of justice .
There were other people in the home during the time of the shooting .
It was also said that the neighborhood was n't one known for violence and that this was a surprise for many of the residents who were mostly elderly individuals .
The victims names are : 12 - year - old T.J. Darrisaw ; 9 - year - old Ahmadre Darrisaw ; Freddie Grinnell , whose age was not released .
T.J. died at the hospital .
Ahmadre and Freddie were treated for non-life threatening injuries at an area hospital and released .
The other two children were not injured in the shooting .
A story that truly makes one rethink safety when stepping out for some family fun .
While many children across the nation were filling their bags with lots of treats , one family was being transported to a hospital following a shooting that killed a 12 - year - old trick - o- treater and injured his 9 - year - old brother and his father .
According the the Associated Press Children across the country approach doors on Halloween night , vulnerable to the fact that a porch light means its OK to approach .
But for this family , the approach was a deadly choice as Quentin Patrick , a 22 - year - old felon , allegedly gunned down the family .
The boy who died was said to have been struck with around thirty rounds .
Another report stated that " A man in police custody confessed to the shooting , saying he emptied an AK - 47 through his front door when he saw people with masks approaching , the Sumter Police Department said .
"
It was not believed that those who where shot knew the shooter .
Patrick was charged with murder , three counts of assault and battery with intent to kill .
Also arrested in connection with the incident was Patrick 's 19 - year - old female friend , Ericka Patrice Pee , who was said to have tried to flee the scene with thousands of dollars .
Her 2 - year - old toddler was on the scene during the shooting as well .
Pee has been charged with obstruction of justice .
There were other people in the home during the time of the shooting .
It was also said that the neighborhood was n't one known for violence and that this was a surprise for many of the residents who were mostly elderly individuals .
The victims names are : 12 - year - old T.J. Darrisaw ; 9 - year - old Ahmadre Darrisaw ; Freddie Grinnell , whose age was not released .
T.J. died at the hospital .
Ahmadre and Freddie were treated for non-life threatening injuries at an area hospital and released .
The other two children were not injured in the shooting .
A story that truly makes one rethink safety when stepping out for some family fun .
More about Boy , Killed , Trick - o- treating More news from boy killed trick - o- treating
Perhaps the most recognized and feared villain of his time , Darth “ Luke , I ’m yo daddy ” Vader calls it quits in an epic lightsaber battle with Luke Skywalker in Star Wars : Return of the Jedi .
To show you why I say this Dark side power monger is a quitter , see the video below and wait until the 0:46 mark where Vader easily dodges Luke ’s frontal strike and then proceeds to mysteriously grab the left rail as if to say , “ Time out !
Daddy needs a water break ” before he sits himself down on the ground .
Unrelenting , Luke continues to hammer down on his old man until Darth loses his lightsaber and his right hand .
For all these years , Darth Vader was my hero .
Now I see him as nothing more than a fraud !
Which are the industries that pay the highest monthly salaries ?
In this post , we ’ll look specifically at the industries that has the highest proportion of employees making $ 10 k or more in monthly income .
The results are derived from recently released data from MOM .
At number 1 , we have “ Financial & Insurance Services ” .
A whopping 17.3 % of employed residents working in this industry are making $ 10,000 & over in gross monthly income .
The income includes all bonuses .
In contrast , the proportion of such high earners across all industries is only 4.7 % .
At number 2 , we have “ Professional , Scientific & Technical Services ” .
But only 10.4 % here are making 5 - figure salaries a month .
Coming in close at number 3 is “ Information & Communications ” , with 10.0 % making $ 10 k + per month .
There you have it .
The top 3 industries .
Does it mean that if you ’re in these industries , you ’ll have a higher chance of making $ 10 k + ?
You think so ? …
See also my post on top paying industry half a year ago .
Reference : Statistical Table 58 , Report on Labour Force in Singapore 2007 , Ministry of Manpower ( link )
After the great crash of 1929 , the Wells - Grand Hotel in Chicago began losing guests .
The ones who remained had more time for idle pastimes .
“ The decks of cards were wearing out more quickly ” and “ the black and red squares of the checkerboard were becoming indistinguishable . ”
Those are the recollections of Studs Terkel , from his classic oral history of the Great Depression , “ Hard Times . ”
I found myself re-reading the book this week because of the confluence of two unhappy events : the economic downturn and the death of Mr. Terkel on Oct. 31 .
He was 96 .
I knew Mr. Terkel a bit  enough to appreciate his gentle nature , his deep interest in people of all sorts and his drive to reform the world .
As I turned the pages of “ Hard Times , ” I was struck by the remarkable fit between historian and subject .
In Mr. Terkel ’s wide - ranging interviews , the horrors of the Depression come through vividly .
A manual laborer on the San Francisco waterfront recalled that when a sugar refinery offered four jobs to a crowd massed at the gates , “ a thousand men would fight like a pack of Alaskan dogs ” over them .
Well , not in so many words .
But anyone reading between the lines of the National Drug Intelligence Center 's National Drug Threat Assessment 2009 could easily come to that conclusion .
The annual report from the Justice Department fiefdom based in Johnstown , Pennsylvania , with its thoroughly inside - the - box approach to the harms associated with drug policy , does not look at the data it is reporting and see the obvious , but its conclusions that violent drug trafficking organizations and street - level drug retail gangs are the gravest " drug threats " to America beg the question of why .
According to the 2009 report : " Mexican DTOs [ drug trafficking organizations ] represent the greatest organized crime threat to the United States .
The influence of Mexican DTOs over domestic drug trafficking is unrivaled .
In fact , intelligence estimates indicate a vast majority of the cocaine available in US drug markets is smuggled by Mexican DTOs across the US - Mexico border .
Mexican DTOs control drug distribution in most US cities , and they are gaining strength in markets that they do not yet control . "
Following close on the heels of the bloody cartels -- 5,000 have been killed in Mexico 's prohibition - related violence this year -- are the cartel wannabes : " Violent urban gangs control most retail - level drug distribution nationally , and some have relocated from inner cities to suburban and rural areas .
Moreover , gangs are increasing their involvement in wholesale - level drug distribution , aided by their connections with Mexican and Asian DTOs . "
While the violence of the cartels and the gangs is deplorable , the NDIC assessment makes no effort to address its root cause : the regime of drug prohibition .
Instead it conflates the harms associated with prohibition ( fighting the drug trade ) with those associated with drug use or abuse .
That conceptual confusion is evident from the very beginning of the annual report .
In the first paragraph of its summary , the report observes that : " The trafficking and abuse of illicit drugs inflict tremendous harm upon individuals , families , and communities
throughout the country .
The violence , intimidation , theft , and financial crimes carried out by drug trafficking organizations ( DTOs ) , criminal groups , gangs , and drug users in the United States pose a significant threat to our nation .
The cost to society from drug production , trafficking , and abuse is difficult to fully measure or convey . "
Without pulling apart the harms associated with " trafficking and abuse of illegal drugs , " the NDIC is conducting an exercise in futility and propaganda .
The harms associated with the growth of powerful criminal organizations thriving under a prohibition regime are an entirely different matter from the harms related to drug use , misuse , or abuse , and failing to disentangle them is a service to no one .
Similarly , the failure to disaggregate " DTOs , criminal groups , gangs , and drug users " only strengthens the same skewed view of the results of our drug policies .
In the summary 's eight bullet points designed to demonstrate the harm of " drugs , " four of them -- cartel money laundering , federal anti-drug spending , the huge number of drug arrests , and the high number of federal drug prisoners -- are a direct consequence of drug prohibition .
Two others -- a large number of people seeking drug treatment , and children removed from meth labs -- are at least indirectly influenced by drug prohibition .
Many people seeking treatment are doing so because of rote court orders , and many home meth cooks would likely simply purchase their drug instead of cooking it if allowed to do so .
One bullet point -- that diversion of pharmaceutical drugs is costing insurance companies millions -- is yet another artifact of a prohibition regime , or at least one where access to desired drugs is so restricted that diversion occurs .
The final bullet point -- some 35 million Americans used an illicit drug ( or a licit drug illicitly ) -- is essentially meaningless without indicating in some way just how those people were actually harmed by using those drugs .
But that is typical of a mindset that measures success in drug policy solely by reducing drug use instead of looking at the bigger picture .
NDIC could have attempted to quantify the harms of drug abuse , for instance by looking at lost work days , or the early onset of disease , or other measures , but it did n't .
Such an attitude is also apparent in the report 's blunt ranking of the leading threats by drug : " Cocaine is the leading drug threat to society .
Methamphetamine is the second leading drug threat , followed by marijuana , heroin , pharmaceutical drugs , and MDMA ( also known as ecstasy ) respectively . "
Given that marijuana is almost universally understood to be one of the least harmful psychoactive substances known to man ( see Professor David Nutt 's " rational scale " here ) , marijuana 's role as a leading drug threat -- ahead of heroin and pharmaceuticals ! -- can only be attributed to its widespread popularity .
Again , instead of demonstrating specific harms associated with marijuana consumption , the report simply assumes that marijuana use generates harm .
By NDIC standards , some progress is being made in combating the drug scourge .
The report cites declining cocaine availability and purity in some US markets , and a decrease in domestic meth production ( although it warns of a looming increase ) .
But even where NDIC can point to successes , it either misses the costs of waging the drug war or conflates them with the harms of drug use .
And with marijuana in particular , it can not even claim success .
Despite record plant seizures and marijuana arrests last year : " Marijuana availability is high throughout the United States .
Outdoor cultivation is going through the roof , thanks in part , the report says , to Mexican DTOs expanding into US public lands , and indoor cultivation has increased " because of high profit margins and seemingly reduced risk of law enforcement detection . "
What the National Drug Threat Assessment 2009 shows us is that we are continuing to wage a futile struggle to suppress drug use at a great cost to our society .
In failing to disentangle and disaggregate the social ills resulting from our prohibitionist drug policies from the social ills resulting from drug use , it is business as usual .
But what do we expect from a drug war bureaucracy motivated mainly by inertia and the imperative of preserving next year 's budget ?
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Blackwater Worldwide is facing a “ multimillion - dollar ” fine from the State Department for allegedly shipping illegal weapons to its contractors in Iraq , McClatchy reports .
The fine could be levied in the next few days .
State officials charge that Blackwater , which holds a lucrative personnel - protection contract for US diplomats in Iraq , hid the arms inside shrink - wrapped pallets that were shipped directly from the company ’s sprawling Moyock , North Carolina , headquarters .
About 900 weapons were sent to Iraq without permits , 119 of which were especially “ erroneous , ” says a State Department official familiar with the shipments .
Some of the weapons are thought to have wound up on Iraq ’s thriving black market .
The illegal weapons were first discussed publicly at a September 2007 congressional hearing about State Department inspector general Howard Krongard ’s alleged obstruction of a Justice Department investigation of Blackwater ’s activities in Iraq .
It was revealed at the hearing that Krongard ’s brother “ Buzzy , ” a former CIA official , had recently been recruited to Blackwater ’s board of advisors .
Since then , former Blackwater contractors Kenneth Wayne Cashwell and William Ellsworth ( Max ) Grumiaux have plead guilty to illegal weapons charges and are now cooperating with federal investigators .
For its part , Blackwater says its cooperating with the investigation and has even hired a “ vice president of export compliance ” and appointed a three - member independent oversight panel , including former Republican congressman Asa Hutchinson of Arkansas .
“ Our work for the US government around the world , and the nature of teh services we offer have created compliance challenges , ” Blackwater founder and president Erik Prince said in a statement .
Smith 's interviews with three top energy executives
With correspondent Martin Smith
FRONTLINE is a registered trademark of wgbh educational foundation .
main photograph © corbis , all rights reserved
web site copyright 1995 - 2014 WGBH educational foundation
ECOLA STATE PARK , Ore. – A Kodak moment almost turned into tragedy recently at a popular Oregon coast viewpoint when a small child nearly tumbled over a towering cliff as she posed for a family photo .
The whole incident was captured on video .
The Pitton family and some cousins were enjoying beautiful summer weather at the popular Ecola State Park overlook along Highway 101 several months ago when they asked several small children to stand against a fence for a photo .
Among them was 3 - year - old Alaina Pitton , a spunky little blond girl who took up the position between two other girls .
In the background , the blue Pacific Ocean stretched away to the horizon .
But just a few feet behind the fence where the girls were standing was a sheer 150 - foot drop down to the rocky shoreline .
As the video camera records the happy scene , little Alaina steps backwards against the fence to pose for the photo – and suddenly topples through the gap between the top and bottom fence rails .
She lands awkwardly just inches from the precipice , and grabs onto plants to keep from going over the edge .
An adult cousin quickly hops the fence and scoops her up .
She was not hurt .
On the video , another adult can be heard saying " Oh my God , oh my God .
"
The fall only lasted a second or two , but the impact of the the narrowly averted tragedy has been long - lasting .
Alaina said " I was shaking .
My tummy was shaking .
My head was shaking .
My arms were shaking .
And my legs .
My feet too .
" Her mother , Charlotte Pitton , said it took her weeks to stop shaking over the memory of the near - disaster .
" That heart - pounding , and that terrifying feeling that , I have never experienced that terrifying feeling like that before , " Charlotte Pitton told KATU News .
Alaina ’s father was not near the scene at the time and was at first dismissive of the seriousness of the fall .
Until he saw the video .
" I said , ‘ oh come on it could n't be that bad , ’ " Scott Pitton said he told family members at the time .
" I looked at it about two days later , " Scott recalls , " and it made my heart stop just watching it on a little 2 - inch screen " on the camcorder .
Alaina ’s mother Charlotte said she is upset with the Oregon Parks service for leaving such a large gap between the fence rails near such a dangerous spot .
" I guess the more I thought about it , the angrier I got at the state parks because there 's just no excuse for that , " Charlotte Pitton said .
While she said she does not plan to take any legal action , she did say she hopes the parks department would take steps to make the fence safer for small children .
part 1 | part 2 | part 3
All citations from the essay throughout the course of this series are from the Kaufmann translation in the “ Basic Writings of Nietzsche ” published by Modern Library , copyright 1992 , p. 611-653 .
First part : “ Preface , ” p. 611-612 , with commentary .
Note : Words in italics those of Nietzsche’s .
Each paragraph from the translation is reproduced .
A commentary is between each paragraph .
1. I have granted myself some small relief .
It is not merely pure malice when I praise Bizet in this essay at the expense of Wagner .
Interspersed with many jokes , I bring up a matter that is no joke .
To turn my back on Wagner was for me a fate ; to like anything at all after that , a triumph .
Perhaps nobody was more dangerously attached to – grown together with – Wagnerizing ; nobody tried harder to resist it ; nobody was happier to be rid of it .
A long story !
–
You want a word for it ?
–
If I were a moralist , who knows what I might call it ?
Perhaps self - overcoming .
–
But the philosopher has no love for moralists .
Neither does he love pretty words .
Pre-paragraph 1 : The letter begins with an inscription – “ ridendo dicere severum , ” which Kaufmann translates as “ Through what is laughable say what is somber . ”
Kaufmann points out that Horace has a similar saying , “ ridentem dicere verum , quid vetat ” ( Satires I.24 ) , which he translates as “ What forbids us to tell the truth , laughing ? ”
Nietzsche has turned a question – albeit one that could be rhetorical – into an aphorism or command .
That transformation of what could be philosophic into what is explicitly political ( law - discoverer vs. law - giver ) is our concern .
Somehow the question of art is central to this : tragedy and comedy , solemnity and laughter somehow tie into all of this .
“ Truth ” has dropped out of Nietzsche ’s forumlation entirely , but we recall Strauss invoking Thomas More in The City and Man p. 61 : Socrates laughs , Jesus weeps .
On Paragraph 1 : The difficulty with Nietzsche is establishing what persona he is using at any given time .
In this paragraph he rejects explictly the persona of a “ moralist , ” but we have to take that with a huge grain of salt .
When we reach the end of this essay , he will have completely trashed Wagner for relying on a redemption narrative that prevents self - overcoming and emphasizes weakness .
It looks like he is taking on the persona of “ philosopher , ” but that too can be defeated – “ pretty words ” are all Nietzsche writes , and he knows it .
So what “ relief ” has Nietzsche afforded himself ?
I think we could go as far as provisionally terming him a “ moralist ” in this essay .
That ’s not going to hold up , for obvious reasons .
But in this paragraph , we see he has turned his back on Wagner , and that was “ fate . ”
Now he has new tastes , and that is a “ triumph . ”
This is a testimonial for the most part .
There is one catch : note the list of four stages – “ attached to , ” “ grown together with , ” “ resist , ” “ rid of . ”
What ’s missing is the middle stage between “ growing ” and “ resisting . ”
In Plato ’s Republic , how exactly anyone is turned from the cave ’s images to seek the light above is an open question .
2 . What does a philosopher demand of himself first and last ?
To overcome his time in himself , to become “ timeless . ”
With what must he therefore engage in the hardest combat ?
With whatever marks him as the child of his time .
Well , then !
I am , no less than Wagner , a child of this time : that is , a decadent : but I comprehended this , I resisted it .
The philosopher in me resisted .
On Paragraph 2 : Why is Nietzsche insisting that he is a philosopher ?
And why is he insisting a philosopher resists , when we know full well a philosopher is far more than a believer being confronted with an opposite creed ?
I think the answer is something deeply learned from Spinoza : it does no good to tell people that they may not know something , especially not ambitious people with technical skills or enormous talents .
Best thing to do is just go “ you know what ?
you know everything ” – but one ca n’t flatter simply to do this .
One has to establish one ’s own authority , so what you do is you play up to what your audience thinks of themselves , put yourself in their shoes , and then start stepping back .
This requires incredible skill to pull off .
It also makes Nietzsche very difficult to access .
3 . Nothing has preoccupied me more profoundly than the problem of decadence – I had reasons .
“ Good and evil ” is merely a variation of that problem .
Once one has developed a keen eye for the symptoms of decline , one understands morality , too – one understands what is hiding under its most sacred names and value formulas : impoverished life , the will to the end , the great weariness .
Morality negates life .
On Paragraph 3 : Nietzsche in this paragraph is a scientific moralist .
He traces “ good and evil ” to a larger problem , that of “ decadence . ”
This perspective leads his narrator to say that under morality is decline .
Why should we not take the surface absolutely seriously ?
Precisely because as the essay develops , Wagner will be accused of negating life by propping up something that is moral inasmuch as it is immoral .
A “ great weariness ” will describe the effeminate heroes who need to be redeemed by women in Wagner ; a “ will to the end ” describes the suicides in those same operas , and “ impoverished life ” describes aptly the people who buy tickets for Wagnerian mush and sing its praises incessantly .
Perhaps the critique of Wagner is in some ways a critique of Christianity .
But that ’s a deep , serious question that Nietzsche ’s immediate audience is n’t terribly interested in .
They know Nietzsche is reputed to be an atheist , and assume that Christianity sucks .
What they need to know from Nietzsche ’s narrator ’s perspective is why Wagner sucks .
That ’s the immediate rhetorical task , and only by working through it are we going to get the proper critique of Christianity , the one Nietzsche might actually mean .
Right now , our narrator is a moralist who has used moralistic logic so well he ’s undermined morality .
4 . For such a task I required a special self - discipline : to take sides against everything sick in me , including Wagner , including Schopenhauer , including all of modern “ humaneness . ” – A profound estrangement , cold , sobering up – against everything that is of this time , everything timely – and most desirable of all , the eye of Zarathustra , an eye that beholds the whole fact of man at a tremendous distance – below .
For such a goal – what sacrifice would n’t be fitting ?
what “ self - overcoming ? ” what “ self - denial ” ?
On Paragraph 4 : The moralistic crusade continues .
Our narrator is in love with the timeless , and stands above humanity .
Again : for Cicero , the greatness of Socrates was that he compelled divine wisdom to speak about mere human things .
Here , however , man is beheld from above only .
Notice that the moralistic method means that the moralist is “ sacrificing ” as well as conquering his previous opinions and wants .
A purification is taking place .
So is Nietzsche serious ?
Absolutely : this is the bare minimum needed to indict Wagner , this is the necessary and sufficient case .
And it is n’t just piety being invoked ; we ’re getting a critique of how far piety can go .
To get to the real philosophy , which I know I ’m whetting your appetite for , we have to get the surface known well first .
And trust me .
It takes years to make a real discovery in philosophy , and usually you have no clue what it means until it is too late .
I ’m doing you a favor by sticking to the surface .
5 . My greatest experience was a recovery .
Wagner is merely one of my sicknesses .
On Paragraph 5 : If you ’re tempted to say “ hey , things that are tied to decline are bad , and he said morality negates life , so he must hate morality , ” think about the implication of this section .
Does the narrator appreciate one recovery all the more because he is still so sick ?
6 . Not that I wish to be ungrateful to this sickness .
When in this essay I assert the proposition that Wagner is harmful , I wish no less to assert for whom he is nevertheless indispensible – for the philosopher .
Others may be able to get along without Wagner ; but the philosopher is not free to do without Wagner .
He has to be the bad conscience of his time : for that he needs to understand it best .
But confronted with the labyrinth of the modern soul , where could he find a guide more initiated , a more eloquent prophet of the soul , than Wagner ?
Through Wagner modernity speaks most intimately , concealing neither its good nor its evil – having forgotten all sense of shame .
And conversely : one has almost completed an account of the value of what is modern once one has gained clarity about what is good and evil in Wagner .
On Paragraph 6 : This is a moralist telling us what the use of philosophy is .
Note that “ good and evil ” – I thought that was just the problem of “ decadence ? ” – is now the criteria for evaluating Wagner and all of “ modernity ” ( American Constitutionalism , capitalism , socialism , modern Parliamentary democracy , Church / State separation , education in technical skills only , nationalism , etc .
In short , our world ) .
Is the moralist wrong about philosophy ?
Not really – it is partly because a philosopher can have insight into his time that is especially accurate that we appreciate his wisdom .
The only problem is that recognition of philosophy has to come about through “ sickness : ” there are other things a philosopher does and is , but the moralist is n’t quite going to be able to appreciate them all .
7 . I understand perfectly when a musician says today : “ I hate Wagner , but I can no longer endure any other music . ”
But I ’d also understand a philosopher who would who would declare : “ Wagner sums up modernity .
There is no way out , one must first become a Wagnerian . ”
On Paragraph 7 : Gk. “ mousike ” – this is n’t just music , this is a complete liberal arts education .
Homer is sung , after all , and there are all sorts of accompanying arts used to truly appreciate what is virtually the Bible for the ancient Greeks .
Our moralist now “ understands ” a musician and philosopher .
Is his insight accurate ?
Must one become a Wagnerian first in order to understand modernity ?
The proof of the last statement is all too circular .
Our moralist ’s personal experience is allows him this “ understanding . ”
And yet : this is our introduction to the problem , and a hint that perhaps the problem cannot be transcended .
Perhaps something has fundamentally changed about the modern soul .
Nietzsche does not require a philosopher to say this to us , and raise the crucial questions : taking good and evil seriously lets us see quite far .
It is only people who think they can see that much farther who make appeals to dogmatic philosophy , set up their cults , and become as Wagner .
OK , I admit it -- I modified the Stop - the - Liberals web banner the National Republican Senatorial Committee ( NRSC ) is using to make it even spookier than they 're already trying to make things …
The NRSC sent out an e-mail blast on Wednesday trying to rally their discouraged flock in support for Saxby Chambliss holding on to his Georgia Senate seat and featuring ultra-conservative Orrin Hatch ( R - UT ) attempting to -- you guessed it -- make people afraid of Barack Obama .
How did that work out for you guys on November 4th ?
And they even threw in some Moveon.org for good measure .
" MoveOn.org has already airdropped $ 217,741 into Georgia 's crucial Senate runoff , " writes Hatch .
" Why ?
Barack Obama and MoveOn.org need Georgia 's Senate seat to seize complete control of government . "
" And to thank them , their candidate Jim Martin has promised to rubberstamp Obama 's far - left agenda ...
Please donate $ 25 today to stop the liberals from gaining an unstoppable , filibuster - proof majority for Barack Obama . "
Seize complete control of the government ?
First of all , just like in 2006 , the GOP had their asses handed to them in the Congressional elections last week .
Those pesky voters decided that not only did they still want a Democratic Congress , they wanted more Democrats in the House and the Senate .
As for Obama 's " far - left agenda , " Republicans must be trying to make their lemming - like herd afraid of the majority of their fellow Americans given that Obama wiped John McCain out by over 200 electoral votes and won the popular vote by eight million ballots .
Obama 's goals are not a " far - left agenda " but the roadmap that the majority of Americans want for the future .
But rather than live with that mandate from the people , the Republican party resorts to their favorite weapon , and now , the only thing they have left -- fear .
Wildlife officals in Parma , Ohio ca n’t decide how to deal with a young deer who managed to get a plastic jar stuck on its head while trying to lick the remaining food out from the bottom .
[ social_buttons ]
It ’s not the first time this has happened ; a buck got himself into a similar situation a couple months ago in the same area .
He managed to get the jar off himself , but authorities are keeping an eye on the newly jarred deer to make sure she has the same success .
“ There is a certain amount of capture mortality , with deer very intolerant of the stress involved , ” Wildlife management supervisor Dan Kramer .
“ We do n’t want to bring drugs into play unless the deer or the public are in danger . ”
Deer prefer to live in “ edge ” habitats , whether natural or man-made , so they can forage for food and then also seek shelter inside a forested area .
Of course , human development is not the safest habitat for deer as they ’re often hit by cars .
Photo Courtesy of the City of Parma , Ohio and Jack Marschall .
It is not only retail stores that are feeling the pinch as shoppers close their wallets just ahead of the holiday season .
E - commerce sales , though still growing faster than retail , are hurting , too .
E -commerce spending growth slowed to 6 percent in the third quarter over the year before , down from 13 percent in the second quarter , according to comScore .
Growth rates have declined every month since April , and September ’s rate of 5 percent was the lowest recorded by comScore since it started tracking e-commerce in 2001 .
Jeremy Liew , a venture capitalist and blogger , said he had not expected e-commerce to be hit so hard by this downturn because many e-commerce sites benefited from the last downturn .
The shoe e-tailer Zappos.com , for example , grew during that period in part because e-commerce sites could buy online advertising more cheaply as ad sales slumped .
Mr. Liew — a managing director at Lightspeed Venture Partners who invests in e-commerce companies — has now revised his expectations after realizing that this downturn is hitting e-commerce much harder because consumer confidence is plummeting along with the stock market .
In October , the Conference Board ’s Consumer Confidence Index fell to 38 , an all - time low .
By comparison , in the spring of 2000 , as the Nasdaq composite index plummeted from its March 2000 high , the consumer confidence hovered around 140 .
ComScore surveyed 1,000 consumers in October , and the results were similar .
Eighty - two percent said they are more afraid about the economic future than ever before , and only 26 percent thought the economy would be better a year from now .
“ Consumers have spent their way out of the last downturns , ” Mr. Liew said , but not this time .
Even those who have not lost their jobs and whose fundamental financial picture has n’t changed are so shaken by events that they want to hold their money tight .
“ They ask , ‘ Do I really need that digital camera ?
I can live without it , ' ” he said .
Indeed , once you have one pair of shoes , the rest are discretionary , a fact that forced Zappos.com to lay off workers last week .
For Zappos.com and similar companies , falling sales are not about bad management , Mr. Liew said .
“ You can be excellent at executing , but if less people are showing up to buy , you ’re not going to sell as much , ” he said .
( Lightspeed is not an investor in Zappos.com . )
The big exception is video games .
Online sales of games and consoles grew most in the third quarter , up 60 percent from last year , said comScore .
Sales of consumer electronics , computers and cellphones were flat , and sales of clothes , toys , jewelry , music and movies were down from a year ago .
Industrial Omelet
We can still decide , every day , what we 're going to put into our bodies , what sort of food chain we want to participate in .
We can , in other words , reject the industrial omelet on offer and decide to eat another .
-- Michael Pollan
Sick of advertisements in your video games ?
Well , once upon a time , the video games were the ads .
A number of titles were produced from the ground - up to be nothing but a sales pitch -- one you had to pay to see .
Luckily for mankind , this corporate cabal shot itself in the foot .
Most of the games were so jaw - droppingly shitty that few have attempted it since ( we 're looking at you , Burger King ) .
How shitty were they ?
Behold : Advertisement
10 The California Raisins : The Grape Escape ( Nintendo , 1991 ) Continue Reading Below Advertisement
For those readers too young / senile to remember , these desiccated purple turds were the claymation spokesfruits for the California raisin industry .
Like a carnival freak show , folks were intrigued by the Raisins overall grossness , and raisin sales initially shot up as people bought the product out of morbid curiosity .
However , the Raisins popularity waned as consumers soon could not look at them without dry heaving .
Legendary game designer Capcom ( Mega Man , Final Fight ) produced The Grape Escape in the dying days of the Raisins ' fame .
Luckily for Capcom 's reputation and the human condition , the game was never released .
If you have a taste for sadomasochism and dried fruit , know that this monstrosity occasionally pops up on eBay .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement Surprisingly enough , your raisin 's primary weapon was not his own horrible shriveled face .
No , it was a " Raisin Rifle " or a " Goop Gun " or a " Puree Peashooter " or whatever .
Anyway , when you shot foes with raisin gunk , in actuality you were slinging your own bodily fluids around .
That 's a Freudian quagmire we have zero interest marching into .
9 Pepsi Invaders ( Atari 2600 , 1983 ) During the " Cola Wars " of the 1980s , some wacky advertising execs at Coca - Cola took the term a little too literally and hired Atari to create Pepsi Invaders .
The soft drink manufacturer released the game - a modified version of the arcade classic Space Invaders - for their 1983 sales convention .
Atari produced only 125 copies of Pepsi Invaders , ostensibly to prevent their asses from getting sued off .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
In retrospect , these labels are kind of unnecessary .
Pepsi Invaders has no plot , but we can infer this much from the gameplay - Pepsi ( or a malevolent , Pepsi- loving alien race ) is annihilating humanity .
The Coca -Cola Company ( which has somehow scored a sweet defense contract from the Reagan administration ) now mans the Star Wars Defense System .
Once you crushed Pepsi's alphabet - shaped fleet , the words " COKE WINS " materialized in the heavens , the god of the video game world declaring to his creation the superiority of one can of high fructose corn syrup over another .
Pepsi Invaders made some really bold claims about Pepsi 's corporate ethics .
Blindfolded taste tests are one thing , but accusing your competitor of engineering global genocide ?
Look who 's talking , Coke .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
User profile : 176924 Blog Ubuntu On A Chip Armv7 Devices To Get Full Ubuntu Desktops
This is 176924 Blog Ubuntu On A Chip Armv7 Devices To Get Full Ubuntu Desktops 's personal page .
176924 Blog Ubuntu On A Chip Armv7 Devices To Get Full Ubuntu Desktops
Posted by : SueTLC
Amazon Germany has now opened a new contest that will give away ten copies of The Tales of Beedle the Bard signed by Harry Potter author J.K. Rowling .
To enter , click here and answer the question : “ Who inherited Dumbledore ’s book of “ The Tales of Beedle the Bard ” in Book seven , choosing between Harry , Ron , or Hermione , and then enter your email address .
The contest runs now until December 2 , and is open to people ages 18 and older ( and does not seem to be limited to residents of Germany ) .
Good Luck !
Thanks so much to TLC staffer Erna for the heads up !
STYLE 2 STYLE 3
ITEM 300 500 1,000 2,500 STYLE 1 .99 .80 .74 .70 STYLE 2 1.07 .89 .81 .78 STYLE 3 1.10 .92 .83 .80
Handy Weepuls Standard
ITEM 300 500 1,000 2,500 All Handy Weepuls with Antenna Added .99 .80 .73 .70 All Handy Weepuls without Antenna .94 .75 .68 .65
Handy Weepuls Overprinted
ITEM 300 500 1,000 2,500 Over Print Handy Weepuls with Antenna Added .99 .80 .73 .70 Over Print Handy Weepuls without Antenna .94 .75 .68 .65
NEW !!!
Weepuls : MopHead Pencils !
ITEM 300 500 1,000 2,500 Weepul MopHead Pencils 2.24 2.10 1.99 1.86
NEW !!!
Weepuls : MopHeads
ITEM 300 500 1,000 2,500 Weepul MopHeads .99 .80 .74 .70
NEW !!!
Weepuls Options
ITEM 300 500 1000 2500 Weepul with Elastic Hanger Add .20 each Add .20 each Add .20 each Add .20 each Weepul with Stress Card * Add .20 each Add .20 each Add .20 each Add .20 each Weepul with Preforated Ribbon * Add .20 each Add .20 each Add .20 each Add .20 each Weepul Wobbler * Add .40 each Add .40 each Add .40 each Add .37 each Weepul with Temperature Card * Add .50 each Add .50 each Add .50 each Add .47 each Weepul with Custom Shape Ribbon * Add .20 each Add .20 each Add .20 each Add .20 each
NEW !!!
Weepuls : Rosettes NEW - Rosette Weepuls ( Add the following costs to your chosen weepuls )
ITEM 300 500 1000 Rosette Weepul - Self Adhesive 2.00 1.95 1.90 Rosette Weepul - Pin Badge 2.20 2.10 2.00 Rosette Weepul - Pencil Topper 2.40 2.30 2.25
NEW !!!
Weepuls : Head Boppers
( Add the following costs to your chosen weepuls )
ITEM 50 75 100 150 250 Weepul Head Boppers Standard Poms 4.00 3.90 3.80 3.70 3.60 Weepul Head Boppers Standard Poms with printed card * 4.00 3.90 3.80 3.70 3.60
Weepuls : Miscellaneous
ITEM 300 500 1,000 2,500 Bride N Groom 1.57 1.35 1.24 1.18 Glitter Bride N Groom 1.81 1.62 1.49 1.44 Sombrero-hat-ice cream 1.30 1.18 1.09 .99 Camo Hat N Binoculars 1.30 1.18 1.09 .99 Builder 1.21 1.08 .99 .94 Glitter DJ 1.50 1.27 1.18 1.13 Graduate N Diploma 1.21 1.08 .99 .94 Chef N Frying Pan 1.30 1.18 1.09 .99 Fireman N Smoke Alarm 1.21 1.08 .99 .94 Nurse with Stethoscope 1.30 1.18 1.09 .99 Shopping Spree * 1.21 1.08 .99 .94 Sombrero- Custom Sunscreen - Glasses * 1.30 1.18 1.09 .99
Special Seasonal Weepuls
ITEM 300 500 1,000 2,500 Bunny Rabbit 1.30 1.18 1.09 .99 Duck 1.08 .90 .84 .77 Chick 1.20 1.08 .99 .90 Easter Egg .94 .75 .66 .63 Shamrock .94 .75 .66 .63 Green Glitter .99 .80 .74 .70 Valentine Heart .94 .75 .66 .63 Red Glitter .99 .80 .74 .70 Turkey 1.30 1.18 1.09 .99 Bat .99 .80 .74 .70 Witch .99 .80 .74 .70 Spider 1.07 .89 .81 .78 Santa 1.30 1.18 1.09 .99 Glitter Angel 1.07 .89 .81 .78 Elf 1.21 1.08 .99 .94 Glitter Reindeer 1.21 1.08 .99 .94 Reindeer 1.07 .89 .81 .78 Snowman 1.21 1.08 .99 .90 Yarmulke .99 .80 .74 .70 Christmas Asstorment 1.21 1.08 .99 .94 Special Weepuls
Any weepul can be made into
a bookmark - add $.20 per item
Add an Elastic String to any weepul for an additional $.20 per item .
Add a stock hand to any weepul for an additional $.20 per item .
Add an Antenna to a Weepul for an additional $.06 each
PRICING ON WEEPULS EXCEPT GIANT INCLUDES A 1 COLOR IMPRINTED RIBBON .
PRINTING PLATE CHARGE FOR ALL WEEPULS EXCEPT THE GIANT - $ 35.00
Imprint Plate Charge $ 35 per location
SCREEN CHARGE FOR THE GIANT 8 " - $ 45.00
Imprint of Handy weepuls with Sign requires a second plate setup fee - $ 35.00
* - Requires second plate charge for printing of - $ 35.00
DECAL PRINTING PLATE CHARGE - $ 40.00
* Pricing is subject to change at anytime *
Justmar 1-866-291-3129 toll free
In the much anticipated release of the 2009 Guinness Book of World Records the record of the year went to David Valhume of West Dover , Massachusetts .
Each year Guinness gives out one special award for a World Record that is set by accident .
The given title of this record is , " World Record set for negative distance in Pole Vault . "
Not only did Valhume receive the award but he created a new category for The Book at the same time .
The category that was created is listed in The Book under " Records broken when the opposite results occur . "
The small print excludes any situations that have been planned so all entries would have to be accidental , unplanned situations .
Many have felt that this is a move by the publishers who have seen a steady decrease in interest for the Book of World Records and that this is a desperate attempt to gain attention to increase sales .
Many also feel that this will start a trend where many will try and ' stage ' record attempts and people may get hurt .
This was quickly revealed as a growing issue when the following video was found :
Luckily no one was hurt .
Encouraging Testing in Django¶
I was having a conversation with Jacob tonight about testing in Django .
He has shot down testmaker for being too specific for Django core , which I almost agree with , given my grandiose plans for it before the month is out .
I ’m quite okay with it staying a third party app for a little while longer .
However , that got us on the topic of testing , and I think it ’s interesting enough to post here to get some feedback and to tell people what ’s up .
First we talked about trying to stub out some tests for people in the startapp command in Django .
Like Rails does , except there is a really hard question about what to provide in that file .
Should we provide a simple test that passes and makes people feel good about testing ?
Do we be evil and provide a test that fails , with assert False , ' Write some tests yo ! ' ?
So the idea then progressed into perhaps having a command that can be called later in the process to stub out your tests files with real data .
Perhaps stubbing a test for each view in your URLconf and each method in your Models or something like that .
We also talked about the possibility of adding a fifth part to the Django Intro Tutorial about testing .
I think that this is a really great idea , and would help further the testing culture inside of the Django community .
I volunteered to write the first draft of that document , so expect that to be posted to this blog sometime next week .
So I ’m just kind of curious what people think is a good way to get testing integrated into the Django community better .
I am trying to write some tools that will help people write tests , which would help them have tests :) .
But I think that there is a lot more that can be done to get people thinking about testing their applications .
Should we be encouraging people to be testing from when they start a new application in Django ?
If so , what should we put in the tests .py file when they create an application ?
Should we just stub out an empty tests .py file to remind them that they should be writing tests ?
Should we be pushing best practices from the beginning in that form , or giving people a builtin option to perhaps then stub it out later ?
I think that the Django community is lacking in the testing realm these days , and I ’m curious what we can be doing to get more people excited about testing .
It ’s a great tool , and something that everyone should be doing .
So I ’d love to hear feedback or ideas about what people think can and should be done with regards to testing .
Interview " Common sense is not so common " is a quotation attributed to Voltaire , the 18th century French philosopher , essayist , writer and wit .
So , how sensible were HP and Oracle in basing their database machine around an IO fabric that has struggled to find favour beyond the HPC market ?
The fabric in question is InfiniBand , and the switches come from Voltaire - the Israeli firm , rather than the philosopher .
InfiniBand is rated at 20 G bit/s and Voltaire would like the idea that speed and daring is involved in Oracle and HP 's decision to go with InfiniBand rather than 10 GigE or Fibre Channel or a SAS fabric .
High - performance computing ( HPC ) applications use InfiniBand as a cluster or grid interconnect .
Its bandwidth is so high , with 40 G bit / s possible , that its backers tout it as a data centre convergence fabric candidate with other protocols - Ethernet , Fibre Channel , whatever - running on top of it .
That 's a theoretical possibility , but is it practicable ?
Can InfiniBand break out of its high - performance computing ( HPC ) niche into general data centre use ?
We asked Asaf Somekh , Voltaire 's VP for strategic alliances some questions about the Dababase Machine 's use of InfiniBand and what it might mean .
Asaf 's answers have not been edited at all .
El Reg :
There are two grids in the Oracle Database Machine ; one for the database servers and one for the Exadata storage servers .
How is InfiniBand used within and between these grids ?
Asaf Somekh : The HP Oracle Database Machine is designed to run large , multi-terabyte data warehouses with 10 x faster performance than conventional database solutions .
The HP Oracle Database Machine uses 14 Oracle Exadata Servers along with 8 Oracle RAC 11g database servers connected using four Voltaire Grid Director 24 - port InfiniBand switches .
The four Voltaire switches form a unified fabric which is used both for server and storage communication ( see the diagram below ) .
Separate grids for servers and storage are not required – because of the high throughput that InfiniBand provides , the same InfiniBand wires are used for running both types of traffic over a single fabric .
InfiniBand fabric layout in Oracle Database Machine .
Not only does the Oracle HP Database Machine take advantage of InfiniBand ’s 20 Gigabit bandwidth and low latency , it also uses Reliable Datagram Sockets ( RDS ) and Remote Direct Memory Access ( RDMA ) – which enables zero loss , zero copy -- in order to deliver extreme I /O performance .
The Smooth Nylon Shrimp ( Heterocarpus Laevigatus ) Which Lives In The Depths Of The Pacific Ocean , Has An Amazing Method For Self Defense .
When Its Cornered , Or Feels Threatened , It Squirts This Bioluminescent Blue Fluid Out Of Its Mouth , And Though Looks Nice To Us , Its Used To Blind Its Attacker So They Can Escape .
They Are A Rare Sight .
Here Is A Short Clip From Japanese TV Showing Off Its Allure .
GOP admits plan to use foreclosure list to challenge voters David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Monday October 20 , 2008
Print This Email This
In a startling concession , the Republican Party has admitted to participating in an illegal scheme to use foreclosure lists to challenge predominantly Democratic voters in Michigan on Election Day .
An announcement by the Michigan Democratic Party of the settlement of a suit brought last month by the Democratic Party and the Obama campaign states , " The settlement acknowledges the existence of an illegal scheme by the Republicans to use mortgage foreclosure lists to deny foreclosure victims their right to vote .
This settlement has the force of law behind it and ensures that Republicans cannot disenfranchise families facing foreclosure . "
Early in September , a progressive - leaning website in Michigan had reported that the Republican Party in Macomb County was planning to use a list of foreclosed homes to prevent the former owners from voting .
The plan was seen as likely to disproportionately affect African - Americans , who more often receive subprime loans .
The Obama campaign and the Democratic National Committee immediately announced they would file a federal lawsuit to prevent challenges based on foreclosure lists alone .
It is that suit which has now been settled .
At the same time , Macomb County GOP Chairman James Carabelli threatened to sue the Michigan Messenger over the story , saying they had " made it up . "
CNN reviewed the situation on Monday morning , prior to the announcement of the settlement , and found that the Democrats had no doubt there was a deliberate attempt at disenfranchisement .
Michigan Democratic Party Chairman Mark Brewer told CNN , " They made that political calculation that by and large they do n't want those people voting , because they think they 're going to vote for Barack Obama . "
Reporter Eartha Jane Melzer , who wrote the original story for the Michigan Messenger , said she was standing by it .
" I spoke with Carabelli myself and I have total confidence in what he told me , " she stated .
" I have clear notes of our conversation . "
Carabelli did not return CNN 's calls , and the state GOP declined to be interviewed .
CNN emphasized that anybody who has lost their house still has the right to vote wherever they are currently living , or even at their former address if the eviction occurred less than 60 days prior to Election Day .
Despite this , Democrats fear that Republicans plan to challenge voters based on discrepancies in addresses .
This video is from CNN's American Morning , broadcast October 20 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
It 's been pretty hard to miss what 's been going on at the Yearning for Zion Ranch near Eldorado , Texas .
In case you have n't heard , here 's a quick recap : the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints , which believes in polygamy , ( which is different than the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ) has a large following near Eldorado where this YFZ Ranch is located .
In late March , the Texas Child Protective Services hotline received a call from a girl claiming to live at the ranch who said she was being abused .
This led to a huge raid by Texas law enforcement and child welfare officials , who ended up removing 452 children ( some pregnant and / or already mothers ) from the ranch .
So , that 's the rundown .
I think there has been plenty of media coverage , so I do n't need to go into great detail .
Just Google " Yearning for Zion " for more information .
Instead of rehashing what has already been splashed all over the Internet , let 's look at some notable polygamists .
Joseph Smith , Jr.
Let 's start with the founder of the Mormons , Joseph Smith , Jr. While it was well - known that his " main " wife was Emma , he may have had up to 33 wives in addition to her .
The ages ranged from 14 years old to 60 years old .
It would seem that Emma sometimes supported the polygamist lifestyle and was sometimes vehemently opposed to it .
Although she actually attended one of the weddings of her husband and another woman , she also went on record saying that her husband had only one wife and that polygamy was never advocated in their household .
Some theorize that Emma really did n't know much about his other marriages " “ Joseph knew she disapproved and he secretly married others anyway , including some of her friends .
It 's unknown how many children Joseph Smith had " “ DNA tests are still being done on people who claim to be his descendants .
Brigham Young
By contrast , Joseph Smith 's successor , Brigham Young , had marriages that were extremely well documented .
In order , he was married to Miriam , Mary Ann , Lucy , Augusta , Harriet , Clarissa , Emily ( who was also married to Joseph Smith ) , Clarissa , Louisa , Eliza , Elizabeth , Clarissa , Rebecca , Diana , Susanne , Olive ( also married to Joseph Smith ) , Mary Ann , Margaret , Mary , Emmeline , Mary Elizabeth , Margaret , Olive ( also married to Joseph Smith ) , Emily , Martha , Ellen , Jemima , Abigail ( who was the mother of Brigham Young 's first wife , Miriam ) , Phebe , Cynthia , Mary Eliza , Rhoda ( also married to Joseph Smith ) , Zina ( also married to Joseph Smith ) , Amy , Mary Ellen , Julia , Abigail , Mary Ann , Naamah , Nancy , Jane , Lucy , Mary Jane , Sarah , Eliza , Mary , Eliza , Catherine , Harriet , Amelia , Mary , Ann Eliza , Elizabeth , Lydia and Hannah .
That 's three Clarissas , three Elizas , three Mary Anns , three Marys , two Olives , two Abigails , two Elizabeths , two Harriets , two Lucys , two Margarets , five who were also married to Joseph Smith and one mother - daughter duo .
With so many wives , it 's almost surprising that he only had 57 children .
To accommodate his gigantic family , Brigham Young had the Lion House and the Beehive House built .
One of Young 's contemporaries wrote , " It was amusing to walk by Brigham Young 's big house , a long rambling building with innumerable doors .
Each wife has an establishment of her own , consisting of parlor , bedroom , and a front door , the key of which she keeps in her pocket " .
The Jeffs
First , we have Rulon Jeffs ( that 's him on the left with two of his wives ) .
He was the eighth prophet of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints , serving from 1986 to 2002 .
As mentioned before , the FLDS is a sect of the Mormon Church " “ when the Salt Lake City - based Mormon Church banned polygamy in the 1890s so Utah could become a state , the FLDS was created because , among other reasons , they still believed in polygamy .
Jeffs had 19 - 20 wives , 27 daughters and 33 sons .
That brings us to Warren Jeffs ( on the right ) , the son who declared himself the ninth prophet of the Fundamentalist Church after his father 's death .
He married most of his father 's widows , making him the stepfather of some of his brothers .
He also married women who were close relatives , but claimed that it was necessary because as a descendant of both Joseph Smith and Jesus Christ , he needed to preserve the family bloodlines .
He believes that a man must have at least three wives to make it to heaven , but the more wives , the better .
He is estimated to have somewhere between 70 and 80 wives , including Naomi , who married his 90 - year - old father when she was only 17 .
Warren was on the FBI 's 10 Most Wanted List in 2006 for arranging marriages between adult men and underage girls .
He was arrested a couple of months later and charged with that , plus sexual conduct with minors and incest .
He was found guilty of two counts of rape as an accomplice and sentenced to 10 years to life in prison , which he is now serving .
Tom Green
Now , the FLDS members know their beliefs are taboo when compared with that of most people 's , so they tend to keep a low profile .
But not Mormon Fundamentalist Tom Green ( not THAT Tom Green ) .
He appeared on Dateline NBC , Queen Latifah , The Jerry Springer Show and The Sally Jesse Raphael Show to promote a polygamist lifestyle .
He pretty much dared police to come after him , saying that marrying as many women as he wished was his constitutional right .
They accepted the dare and came after him when they discovered that his first wife , Linda Kunz , was born in 1973 and had her first child in 1986 " “ which means she was only 13 when she had sex with Green .
He was convicted in 2002 for child rape and was released from prison last year .
He 's still married to Linda .
Oh , he had five wives altogether " “ Linda , Carrie and Hannah , who were sisters ; and Shirley and Leanne , also sisters .
He has 25 children with the five wives .
Ervil LeBaron
When the Mormons abandoned the idea of polygamy , several families , including Ervil 's , moved to Mexico so they would n't be under United States jurisdiction .
When Ervil 's dad died , his eldest son , Joel , became the leader of the community , which he eventually called the Church of the Firstborn in the Fullness of Times .
In 1972 , Ervil and Joel were warring over control of the Church .
Ervil split off into a group of his own called the Church of the Lamb of God .
He had Joel killed .
Younger brother Verlan then assumed leadership of Joel 's group , so Ervil tried to have him killed too .
He was unsuccessful that time , though .
However , he was successful in having his followers ( often his wives ) kill rival polygamous leaders and their wives .
He has also been linked to the death of his own daughter , Rebecca , who criticized the group .
Ervil was arrested in 1979 and taken to the U.S. , where he was convicted of having ordered the death of one of his rivals .
He was sentenced to life in prison at the Utah State Penitentiary , but died of natural causes after serving less than two years .
For the short time he was in prison , though , he kept instructing his wives , children and followers to continue to murder .
It 's estimated that at least 25 people were killed from LeBaron 's orders in prison .
His daughter , Jacqueline , is wanted by the FBI .
Tran Viet Chu
Not all polygamists are Mormons or Mormon offshoots , though .
Tran Viet Chu of Vietnam says he has no problem keeping up with his 14 wives and 80 - plus children .
" Poor me , every time I see a voluptuously shaped woman I find no way to resist my sensitive feeling .
I seem to have been born with this flirtatious tendency , " he told the
Cong An Nhan Dan ( People 's Public Security ) newspaper .
He lives with some of his family , with each wife supporting her own children .
Chu provides for himself .
He says he 's lost count of all of his wives and kids , but says he has " at least " 14 wives .
And yes , polygamy is illegal in Vietnam , and so is having more than two children per family .
Saleh al - Sayeri
This 64 - year - old businessman has had 58 wives , but does n't remember the names of most of them .
He has 10 sons and somewhere between 22 and 28 daughters " “ he 's not exactly sure .
He does know , though , that all of his marriages and settlements have cost him more than $ 1.6 million .
Islamic law allows men to have up to four wives at a time , but he says he has kept the same three for the past 20 years or more " “ it 's the fourth wife he rotates out .
" It 's the one for renewal , " he said .
" I like to change my fourth wife every year . "
One of his sons , Fahd al - Sayeri , said he was out with friends when they heard celebratory gunshots coming from a tent , signaling a wedding .
When he conversationally asked who got married , Fahd was informed that it was his own father .
Again .
Junior Money Maker
Group : Members
Posts : 44
Dream Points : 113
Experience Points : 94
Joined : 18 - August 08
From : Argentina
Member No. : 41,819
Joined : 18 - August 08 From : ArgentinaMember No. : 41,819
PEXMON - People Exchange Money News : Re-Inventing the Internet !
Do you enjoy networking , blogging , joining communities , and making new connections ?
You are not alone !
Have you found your favorite forum , blog , or money making tool on other sites ?
We�d love to hear from you !
For every ad you sell from our site you�ll automatically receive 10 % , the remainder goes towards paying our members .
Sounds too good to be true ?
Think twice !
PEXMON changes the way you think online !
Everything you do in our relatively small but booming community will earn you points .
For example , you can submit a link to your favorite website , that link - including your referral link - will be submitted to our rebranding system .
Whenever someone uses our referral rebrand link , it redirects them with your and perhaps someone else 's link to the website you submitted , which means that not only that person , but also you and we get paid ( since we originated your rebrand link ) .
The best part of all this is that you will be paid for referrals in other people�s posts !
( Rebranding within our community is excluded from this offer ) .
What �s more - and this is unique at PEXMON - you will never lose the points you�ve already earned , instead you�ll keep accumulating as you go !
Your 1000 points of the first month will carry over to the next month , as you keep earning more points .
We chose this method to reward longtime members for their loyalty .
PEXMON members may be wondering : exactly how much money will I receive for my points ?
Well , that depends on how much money we actually make from the collective efforts of all our members .
We equally divide our earnings over the points our members accumulate , and although we cannot give you an exact amount at this time , you can rest assured that we will pay you your fair share .
We believe strongly in our community and we want to make sure that you can earn money without spending a dime !
Since we generated your link , we will automatically be part of it , which means that our combined efforts will benefit all of us .
According to Alexa - a well - known and widely trusted monitoring site - PEXMON is a rising star among websites .
We�ve dramatically jumped in popularity over the last month and have now reached a weekly average that tops 50 k .
Our 3 month average still shows starting rankings of 300k , which is quite amazing , considering our journey started only months ago !
This post has been edited by pexmig : Oct 24 2008 , 05:40 AM
--------------------
What to do with 15 million gigabytes of data
When it is fully up and running , the four massive detectors on the new Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) at the CERN particle - physics lab near Geneva are expected to produce up to 15 million gigabytes , aka 15 petabytes , of data every year .
Andreas Hirstius , manager of CERN Openlab and the CERN School of Computing , explains in November 's Physics World how computer scientists have risen to the challenge of dealing with this unprecedented volume of data .
When CERN staff first considered how they might deal with the large volume of data that the huge collider would produce when its two beams of protons collide , in the mid-1990s , a single gigabyte of disk space still cost a few hundred dollars and CERN 's total external connectivity was equivalent to just one of today 's broadband connections .
It quickly became clear that computing power at CERN , even taking Moore 's Law into account , would be significantly less than that required to analyse LHC data .
The solution , it transpired during the 1990s , was to turn to " high - throughput computing " where the focus is not on shifting data as quickly as possible from A to B but rather from shifting as much information as possible between those two points .
High - performance computing is ideal for particle physics because the data produced in the millions of proton - proton collisions are all independent of one another - and can therefore be handled independently .
So , rather than using a massive all - in - one mainframe supercomputer to analyse the results , the data can be sent to separate computers , all connected via a network .
From here sprung the LHC Grid .
The Grid , which was officially inaugurated last month , is a tiered structure centred on CERN ( Tier - 0 ) , which is connected by superfast fibre links to 11 Tier - 1 centres at places like the Rutherford Appleton Laboratory ( RAL ) in the UK and Fermilab in the US .
More than one CD 's worth of data ( about 700 MB ) can be sent down these fibres to each of the Tier - 1 centres every second .
Tier 1 centres then feed down to another 250 regional Tier - 2 centres that are in turn accessed by individual researchers through university computer clusters and desktops and laptops ( Tier - 3 ) .
As Andreas Hirstius writes , " The LHC challenge presented to CERN 's computer scientists was as big as the challenges to its engineers and physicists .
The computer scientists managed to develop a computing infrastructure that can handle huge amounts of data , thereby fulfilling all of the physicists ' requirements and in some cases even going beyond them . "
HALIFAX – Green party voters should consider voting either NDP or Liberal in tight races to avoid a Conservative victory , says Green Leader Elizabeth May .
With just two days until the federal election , May said in an interview on Sunday " there 's no question that there are some ridings where you might say to vote green you ought to vote NDP to stop a Conservative from winning , and in some ridings you might want to vote Liberal to stop a Conservative from winning . "
But she said she also " profoundly disagrees " with Liberal Leader Stephane Dion 's assertion that Green party voters across the country should switch to the Liberals .
May said she only envisions Green supporters switching their votes in tight races , most of them in Central Canada .
" It would be maybe 20 per cent of ridings in the country where that 's even a factor , and mostly in Ontario , " she said from Stellarton , N.S .
That 's about 60 of the 308 seats in the House of Commons .
May said she can't be specific about where the seats are , although three Nobel Prize - winning climate change scientists are urging Green voters to defeat Conservatives in 50 close Ontario seats that could decide the election .
Andrew Weaver from the University of Victoria , William Peltier from the University of Toronto and John Stone from Carleton University in Ottawa issued a news release on Saturday saying the country faced " a critical moment . "
They noted there are ridings in southern Ontario and British Columbia where the Green party vote is " many times greater than the Conservative margin of victory . "
The scientists urged May to tell her supporters in ridings such as Oakville , Ont. , to vote Liberal .
May said she 's aware of tough criticism from within her party over her apparent endorsement of strategic voting in some ridings .
On Saturday , the Green candidate in the riding of Simcoe North in Ontario expressed anger over May 's statements .
" I think she 's muddying the waters , " Valerie Powell said .
" I think she 's the best prime minister , and we have to keep working hard as Greens to make sure we have as many MPs as possible . "
Asked if she is muddying the waters , May responded , " It 's true I am . "
" I love Valerie and I read her full quotes and they were n't harsh or unfair .
She 's right , life would be simpler if I acted like ( NDP Leader ) Jack Layton and did n't care if Stephen Harper formed government again .
" Life would be simpler if I were a complete hypocrite like Jack Layton and pretended I cared about the climate when all of his strategy makes his own personal success more important than survival of the climate and decent climate policy .
" I 'm just not that person . "
May 's comments came as she campaigned in the riding of Central Nova , where she is in an uphill battle against a strong NDP candidate , Louise Lorefice , and Conservative cabinet minister Peter MacKay .
May and Dion made a deal not to run candidates in each other 's riding .
The issue of strategic voting has been a contentious one within the Green party .
During the 2007 Green leadership , rival David Chernushenko accused May of having asked some Green candidates to consider withdrawing from the 2006 election to avoid splitting the centre - left vote .
May rejected Chernushenko's characterization of her actions but acknowledged that she did speak to some Green candidates a week before the 2006 vote .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Two Green candidates in Quebec , Claude Gaumond in Montmagny – L'Islet – Kamouraska – Riviere - du - Loup and Danielle Moreau in Longueuil , have already asked their supporters to back their Liberal rivals .
May said she regrets those withdrawals , saying they would n't make a difference in the outcomes .
Read more about :
Winona Ryder and the Missing Jewels
When actresses become famous they begin to enjoy the perks that go with stardom .
They include being loaned some of the finest jewels that money can buy .
Actresswas in Madrid , Spain last week to attend the Marie Claire magazine party and borrowed $ 125,000 worth of Bulgari diamonds that have since vanished .
Ryder claims that she gave the diamond - encrusted bracelet and ring to the front desk at her hotel .
The actress states that she put them in an envelope and asked that they be locked up for safe keeping .
Now the gems have gone missing and the hotel is having a hard time locating the surveillance video .
Bulgari executives have of course turned this matter over to the police for further investigation .
Ryder 's people have yet to comment on the situation .
In 2001 Winona was arrested for shoplifting at Saks Fifth Avenue in Beverly Hills and received a fine and community service in a plea deal .
Photo : Wenn
Note : The SEO Starter Guide has since been updated .
Webmasters often ask us at conferences or in the Webmaster Help Group , " What are some simple ways that I can improve my website 's performance in Google ? "
There are lots of possible answers to this question , and a wealth of search engine optimization information on the web , so much that it can be intimidating for newer webmasters or those unfamiliar with the topic .
We thought it'd be useful to create a compact guide that lists some best practices that teams within Google and external webmasters alike can follow that could improve their sites ' crawlability and indexing .
Our Search Engine Optimization Starter Guide covers around a dozen common areas that webmasters might consider optimizing .
We felt that these areas ( like improving title and description meta tags , URL structure , site navigation , content creation , anchor text , and more ) would apply to webmasters of all experience levels and sites of all sizes and types .
Throughout the guide , we also worked in many illustrations , pitfalls to avoid , and links to other resources that help expand our explanation of the topics .
We plan on updating the guide at regular intervals with new optimization suggestions and to keep the technical advice current .
So , the next time we get the question , " I 'm new to SEO , how do I improve my site ? " , we can say , " Well , here 's a list of best practices that we use inside Google that you might want to check out .
" The SEO Starter Guide is now available in 40 languages !
By Casey Lynn
Contributing Writer , [ GAS ]
Apparently Guitar Praise is supposed to be a big seller this holiday season .
The idea makes sense in theory –basically a port of Guitar Hero with all of the music replaced with Christian rock for those who have issues with secular music–but it could have been executed so much better if it were an official Guitar Hero product , like the Aerosmith version ( or for example , how Karaoke Revolution had a country music version ) .
Instead it just comes off as a lame rip - off .
Check out the commercial :
The voice - over sounds like your dorky dad reading a script that he thinks is “ how all the kids are talking these days . ”
“ You can move around the room as you rock ! ” “ Shred those rifts ! ” “ Soon you ’ll be rockin ’ with the best of them while conveying that positive Christian message ! ”
It just looks like an inferior product , from having to be played on a computer to the lack of character graphics .
And that has nothing to do with the music …
I was actually a big fan of the Newsboys back in junior high ( kind of surprised they ’re still around , actually ! ) .
Still , I guess if you ’re a kid and your parents wo n’t let you play videogames because they ’re all terrible influences on you , and this is the best you ’re going to get , then it ’s not bad .
Of course , this whole thing just makes me think of other Christian versions of games … like this amazing rip - off of Wolfenstein 3D .
SUPER NOAH ’S ARK 3D .
Because shooting zombies and Nazis is evil , but plugging goats with a slingshot is wholesome ( and apparently , educational ) .
" Go enjoy yourself , " said President Bush in his congratulatory telephone call to Barack Obama on election night .
It was like a child who has just smashed up all his toys inviting another to come and play in his nursery .
To inherit two wars and a broken economy would not be most people 's idea of fun .
But that 's pig - headed Bush for you .
His remark made me brood about the trials that Obama will face as president and the sad likelihood of disappointed expectations .
Even yesterday , with his first proposed appointments , a question mark was raised over his promise of " change " .
For Rahm Emanuel and John Podesta , the men he wants as chief of staff and head of his transition team , are Clinton veterans and combative , partisan politicians who do n't seem right for the " new politics " with which Obama has said he wants to bring Democrats and Republicans together .
But then we still do n't really know what he means by " change " .
The one unquestionable and exciting change that this election has already wrought is simply his own elevation to the presidency .
This is not so much because Obama is an African - American , but because he is a one - man melting pot whose complex family background makes him an ideal leader of such an ethnically diverse nation .
An all - black descendant of slaves would too easily have been seen as representing just one ethnic minority .
Being of mixed race , Obama is in a position to garner the support of everybody .
I confess to being an Obama maniac who finds reassurance not only in his internationalist background and attitudes but also in his calm , unruffled and reflective character .
I can't imagine anyone better to steer us through the troubled waters ahead .
This is so even if " change " turns out to be no more than an empty slogan .
Given the size of Obama 's election victory , it seems strange now that millions of his supporters were anxious until the end that he somehow would n't make it .
In reality , it has been clear for months that he was likely to win ; and even in the immediate aftermath of the " Palin bounce " , Bill Clinton ( who , as Obama said at the time , " knows a little something about politics " ) predicted that he would win " pretty handily " .
There was really very little to fear .
By the same token , we should now stay calm and keep hope alive .
We face turbulent times that will doubtless rock Obama 's presidency along with the rest of us , but I can find no reason to fear that he will let us down .
• The recession may be beginning to bite , but it seems so far to be having little effect on the British media , if their coverage of the American election is any guide .
Anybody who is anybody in the press and broadcasting ( as well as some who are , perhaps , not ) , seems to have been handed a plane ticket to the United States to experience this great event for themselves .
The BBC , for example , covered the election as if it were taking place in Britain , with reporters posted all over the country , sometimes even in quite obscure corners , to offer their comments as the results came in , while various pundits jostled for attention in David Dimbleby 's Washington studio .
One shudders to think what all of this will have cost ( though not , I suppose , as much as Jonathan Ross 's suspended salary ) .
In one way , it is encouraging that the media should devote such resources to a foreign story when economies have reduced their presence abroad to a fraction of what it once was .
But it might be thought a more responsible use of a shrinking income to spend it on permanent representation in undercovered parts of the world , than on flooding America with London - based journalists .
The election , of course , was a momentous event , and this will doubtless have been used as justification for this extravaganza , though there was little danger that fewer reporters would not have kept us just as well informed .
But such is the lure of the United States that every journalist dreams of going there , and the pressure on editors to let them do so must have been enormous .
• A somewhat overlooked anniversary is that of the gin and tonic , which was first served in London bars 150 years ago .
It is a cocktail of remarkable longevity , given the vagaries of fashion to which such alcoholic concoctions are prey .
Cocktails come and go , and sometimes fall from favour altogether , but the gin and tonic soldiers on through thick and thin .
It is one of those combinations that was always meant to be , like mustard and cress , chips and vinegar , or shepherd 's pie and Worcester sauce .
Originally , tonic water was n't an accompaniment to gin , but the other way round .
British soldiers in India , who were forced to take quinine dissolved in carbonated water to fight off malaria , added gin to disguise its revolting taste and later brought the habit back to Britain .
But it only became popular in 1858 , when Erasmus Bond patented a new " improved aereated tonic liquid " that tasted much nicer and was found , combined with gin and ice , to constitute a uniquely refreshing way to get tipsy .
Thus gin rose in social status from being the 18th - century sedative of the poor to the 19th - century tipple of the moneyed classes .
That gin and tonic has survived its unfashionable associations with Surrey stockbrokers or retired officers in Cotswold pubs reflects the fact that it is absolutely and irreplaceably delicious .
• This week Alexander was glued to the television for the American election but managed belatedly to visit the Westfield shopping centre , which is only 15 minutes ' walk from his London pad : " With its curving structures and snaking ceiling lights , it is a place of great architectural confusion , yet an incongruous citadel of glamour amid the dinginess of Shepherd 's Bush . "
Research conducted at Oregon Health & Science University suggests that contrary to popular belief , the body has more than one " body clock . "
The previously known master body clock resides in a part of the brain called the suprachiasmatic nucleus ( SCN ) .
Researchers at OHSU 's Oregon National Primate Research Center ( ONPRC ) have now revealed the existence of a secondary clock - like mechanism associated with the adrenal gland .
The research also suggests a high likelihood that additional clocks exist in the body .
The study results are printed in the current edition of the journal Molecular Endocrinology .
" We 're all familiar with the idea that the body has a master clock that controls sleep - wake cycles .
In fact , most of us have witnessed the impacts of this clock in the form of jet lag where it takes the body a number of days to adjust to a new time schedule following a long flight , " explained Henryk Urbanski , Ph.D. , senior author of the study and a senior scientist at ONPRC .
" Our latest research suggests that a separate but likely related clock resides in the adrenal gland .
The adrenal gland is involved in several important body functions , such as body temperature regulation , metabolism , mood , stress response and reproduction .
The research also suggests that other peripheral clocks reside throughout the body and that these clocks are perhaps interconnected . "
To conduct the research , scientists studied adrenal gland function in rhesus macaque monkeys which is very similar to human adrenal gland function .
Specifically , researchers measured gene expression in the adrenal gland of monkeys during a 24 - hour period ( six times a day , four - hour intervals ) .
In analyzing this information , researchers identified 322 genes in the adrenal gland with functions that varied rhythmically over a 24 - hour period , meaning that each gene 's function peaked and diminished at the same time each day .
Interestingly , the scientists also noted that a subgroup of these 322 genes also exist in the SCN – the home of the body 's master body clock .
This suggests that the adrenal gland has its own timing mechanism that is related to , but separate from , the SCN body clock .
" Of course , different genes peaked in function at different times of the day , " explained Dario Lemos , an OHSU graduate student in the Urbanski lab and first author of the study .
" For instance , genes controlling catecholamine secretion were more active in the day with function greatly decreasing at night .
Catecholamines are involved in many important body functions , such as stress and mood . "
This research provides important new information regarding the complex , rhythmic , 24 - hour functions of the body .
The research may also impact current therapies for a variety of diseases .
For instance , data gathered in this study and future studies may suggest that certain therapies be delivered at certain times to synchronize with normal body functions controlled by body clocks .
" One example is testosterone replacement , a common treatment for certain disorders in males such as sexual dysfunction and depression , " explained Urbanski .
" Patients receiving testosterone late in the day often complain of sleep loss .
This is likely due to the fact that in healthy people , testosterone levels are lower in the afternoon and evening .
As more data is gathered about body clock functions in our lab and others , we will likely learn of a specific window of time during the day where testosterone therapy is effective , but less disruptive for patients . "
Source : Oregon Health & Science University
Explore further Daylight study reveals how animals adapt between seasons
