A distinguished brain scientist at one of the world ’s great research and teaching institutions has often observed to NewEnergyNews that the people of this nation are not stupid , they are slow .
But they will arrive at the core of the matter eventually .
This echoes the foundational belief of former President Bill Clinton , who reportedly believes passionately that when the people have the necessary information , they will always get a matter right .
The steady growth of small wind turbines is a case in point .
Slowly but surely , the owners of small businesses and large residential properties are getting at the core of the energy issue and getting it right .
They are slowly steadily moving to efficiency retrofits and distributed electricity generation such as small wind , rooftop solar and geothermal heat pumps .
As detailed in the AWEA Small Wind Turbine Global Market Study , released last month by the American Wind Energy Association , 2009 was another year of big growth for small wind .
Yes , the recession had an impact , but , no , the marketplace did not lose sight of the fact that electricity prices are going to go up and having a private personal supply of it is , sooner or later , going to pay off .
:: continue ::
click to enlarge
Small wind turbines are those of 100 kilowatts ( kW ) or less capacities .
Small wind should be distinguished from the even smaller rooftop turbines and the much larger utility - scale turbines .
Some 9,800 new small wind units were sold in the U.S. in 2009 , a market growth of 15 % ( over 2008 ) that brought in $ 82.4 million .
As a result , total U.S. installed capacity reached beyond 100 megawatts .
Momentum gathered through the New Energy boom years of 2005 - to - 2008 .
With 2009 ’s 20.3 installed megawatts , half of the total U.S. installed capacity was built in the last 3 years of the sector ’s 80 - year history .
Small wind industry insiders say continuing 2009 growth in the face of the recession is partly attributable to sustained commitment to small wind by consumers and private equity investors and partly to new and improved federal and state incentives .
The international small wind sector also sustained its growth in 2009 , buoyed by aggressive U.S. manufacturers .
Two - thirds of the small wind turbines installed in the world last year ( as well as 95 % of those installed domestically ) were built by U.S. manufacturers .
The world ’s 10 % growth over 2008 added up to ~ 21,000 units , 42.5 megawatts of capacity and $ 189 million in sales .
There are now 250 companies in the world making small wind turbines .
One - third of them ( 95 ) are U.S. - based .
click to enlarge
This post is based on AWEA Small Wind Turbine Global Market Study ( MAY 2010 , American Wind Energy Association )
Click thru for more on this and more NewEnergyNews
Willis “ Doc ” Halliday , Cornelius Beaden and Henry Gole all asked the same question when the Korean War erupted 60 years ago today .
“ Where is Korea ? ” they wondered .
They ’d find out .
More than 5.7 million Americans served in the armed forces during the Korean War from June 25 , 1950 , to July 27 , 1953 :
33,741 U.S. troops were killed in combat in Korea and 2,833 died there from other causes .
103,284 Americans were wounded .
35 Dauphin County residents died in the war along with 33 from York County , 14 from Lebanon County , 12 from Adams County , 7 from Perry County and 4 from Cumberland County .
Halliday , now 78 , of North Middleton Twp. , was already a private in the Army when communist North Korean troops invaded U.S. - backed South Korea on June 25 , 1950 , triggering the first hot conflict of the Cold War .
Two months later he was hip - deep in the war .
Beaden , 78 , of Steelton , got to Korea in the middle of the conflict and helped to ensure that the massive U.S. and United Nations war machine kept rolling .
Gole , 76 , of Silver Spring Twp. , arrived in time to see the war end in July 1953 with an uneasy truce that prevails to this day .
Their war , sometimes called " the Forgotten War , " was brutal , but necessary , the three veterans said .
And they admit they did n't know what they were getting into .
The Seesaw War
Doc Halliday was just 18 , but had been a soldier for three years when the war erupted .
He ’d been just shy of 16 when he enlisted to escape his hometown of Troy , N.Y. , where jobs were scarce .
Word of the war caught him at Fort Benning , Ga . “ Before then , I ’d never even heard the word , ‘ Korea ’ , ” Halliday said .
“ But I was a young , gung - ho guy . ”
His unit arrived in August 1950 at Pusan , South Korea , where U.S. and U.N. forces were holding a bridgehead against communist troops who had overrun most of the country .
“ That was my first time in the Far East .
The Koreans were still using water buffalo instead of [ motor ] vehicles , ” Halliday said .
“ Everything about the place was strange to me . ”
He was assigned to the 1st Cavalry Division and joined the allied push that chased the North Koreans back above the 38th parallel , the prewar border of North and South Korea .
“ We had Thanksgiving dinner in Pyongyang , the capital of North Korea , ” Halliday said .
His unit was almost at the Yalu River , the border between North Korea and the People ’s Republic of China , when swarms of Chinese communist troops entered the war , forcing the U.S. and allied armies into a hasty , chaotic retreat .
“ As we moved back , any vehicles that ran out of gas were just pushed off the road , ” Halliday recalled .
“ We were told that the Chinese were in the mountains on both sides of us . ”
When the Chinese attacked , they came in seemingly endless waves , he said .
The Chinese drive was finally halted and the war settled into its static phase , with both sides dug into fortified positions , mounting patrols , trading artillery fire , but not moving much of anywhere .
One of the toughest foes was the Korean winter , Halliday said .
“ When it was 30 degrees below zero and the wind was blowing , you bet it was cold , ” he said .
Once , he said , he captured four Chinese soldiers single - handedly while on his way to a command post .
“ I walked right up behind them .
When I realized they were wearing different uniforms I put my rifle at the ready , ” Halliday recalled .
“ But they wanted to surrender .
They had no rifles .
They were looking for an American to surrender to .
“ I took them back to the battalion headquarters and I got chewed out something terrible , ” he said .
“ It was getting dark and the guys there did n’t want to have to deal with them . ”
Thirteen months after arriving in Korea , Halliday was rotated home , leaving behind a war that had become a bloody stalemate .
Keeping them Moving
Cornelius Beaden was still in high school in Steelton when the war broke out .
He watched as more and more of the tight - knit community ’s men headed off to the fighting .
“ One of my neighbors was killed over there , ” he said .
Beaden was 20 and working as an equipment operator at Olmsted Air Force Base — now Harrisburg International Airport — when he was drafted into the Army .
After 10 weeks of training in military construction he was shipped to Korea in 1952 .
He arrived after 28 days on troop ships and was assigned to the 439th Engineering Construction Battalion stationed in what is now North Korea .
“ We repaired the roads after the [ military ] convoys went through every night , ” Beaden said .
“ We were always patrolling them , making sure they were OK .
A lot of the routes we had to work day and night on . ”
One of his lasting impressions of Korea , which he shares with Halliday and Gole , was the smell ; a pervasive scent made up of the fish integral to the Korean diet and the human feces used to fertilize the farm fields .
Although he was n’t in combat , Beaden and his colleagues were integral to the war effort .
Without their work , the twisting and dangerous mountain roads would n’t have remained passable and supplies would n’t have reached the front - line troops .
“ I had a good bunch of guys and we all pitched in and did what we had to do , ” Beaden said .
There was always at least a hint of danger from sabotage by North Korean infiltrators .
“ Our people told us not to trust any of the Koreans , ” said Beaden , who was a sergeant .
“ You could n’t tell who was who .
The North and South Koreans looked the same .
I followed that advice . ”
He said he also tried to keep homesickness at bay during the 22 months he spent in Korea .
“ I enjoyed what I was doing , and I always kept myself occupied and tried not to think much about home , ” Beaden said .
The Thrill Seeker
Henry Gole did n’t have to go to Korea .
The New York native had a college deferment , so he was immune from the draft .
But in September 1952 he marched down to his local draft board and enlisted .
“ I thought it was an opportunity .
You do n’t have a war every season , ” Gole recalled .
“ And like 19 - year - olds from time immemorial , I wanted to test myself .
“ My parents were disappointed , but my father understood .
He had joined the Navy when he was 16 . ”
The war had been going on for two years by then and seemed locked in an irresolvable stalemate , Gole said .
“ By that time stories on the war were on the inside of the newspaper , ” he said .
In the Army , he received only “ rudimentary ” training as a medic before being shipped out on a slow - moving troop ship .
“ Our weapons and uniforms were from World War II , ” Gole said .
“ When we got to Korea we were shipped north in a train without windows .
We were really treated like cattle .
There was a great deal of callousness . ”
He was a corporal when he was assigned to the 27th Infantry Regiment , the Wolfhounds , in the spring of 1953 and told he was going to be a rifleman instead of a medic .
Gole said he was n’t given any instruction before being marched up for his first night on the fighting line .
“ I just followed the guy in front of me and we walked into the trenches , ” he said .
“ The Chinese on the other side were broadcasting over a loudspeaker , ‘ Welcome Charlie Company , Welcome Wolfhounds . ’
They even knew the officers ’ names .
“ I thought , ‘ How in the hell did they know all that .
They knew my officers ’ names and I did n’t . ”
With a terrible screech , a four - barreled American machine gun opened up on a distant target as he hunkered with two strangers in a foxhole .
“ Flares were popping intermittently , lighting up the night .
When they went off I could see a sea of barbed wire in between the lines , ” Gole said .
“ In the middle of the night I was sent to man the machine gun bunker .
I ’d never fired a machine gun . ”
His major contribution that first night was to mistakenly “ capture ” a South Korean soldier who was assigned to his unit , he said .
And so it went for the next few months .
“ It did n’t take long before I decided , ‘ This sucks ’ , ” Gole said .
“ You were physically uncomfortable .
I felt I was poorly led .
...
It was mostly routine drudgery rather than a John Wayne moment . ”
He was in a rear area , but still within earshot of the battle zone , when the truce was declared .
At the moment it took effect “ there was a huge volume of fire from both sides .
And then it just stopped , ” Gole said .
“ I had mixed feelings at the time , ” he said .
“ It all seemed so inconclusive .
But I also thought , ‘ I ’ll live to be 20 ’ . ”
Reflections
All three soldiers are now grandparents and great - grandparents .
Halliday stayed in the Army , retiring as a first sergeant in 1969 after a tour in Vietnam .
He also is retired from what is now the Defense Depot Susquehanna in Fairview Twp .
He met his wife , Ruth , a former military nurse , while hospitalized for appendicitis after the war .
At the couple ’s insistence , all four of their children served in the military , and two are retired from the service .
Halliday is part of the volunteer Cumberland County Honor Guard that provides military rites at veterans ’ funerals .
These days , many of those burials are for fellow Korean War vets .
Beaden returned to Steelton , where he still keeps close tabs on some of his Army buddies .
He resumed work as an equipment operator and retired from what is now the Naval Support Activity , Mechanicsburg in Hampden Twp .
One of his and his wife Veronica ’s five children became a chaplain with the National Guard in Washington , D.C .
Gole , also the father of a military retiree , left the Army following his Korean service .
In the early 1960s President John F. Kennedy ’s speeches inspired him to leave his job as a school teacher and again don his uniform .
Gole served with the special forces in combat in Vietnam and retired from the Army as a colonel .
A military historian and author , he still teaches at the U.S. Army War College in Carlisle .
None of the veterans regrets his Korean War service .
“ The war was necessary because it was the first time we were challenged to draw the line against the spread of communism , ” Gole said .
“ We had to prove we were n’t just a paper tiger . ”
“ It was necessary that we were there , ” Beaden agreed .
“ But I just hated to see my comrades getting hurt . ”
The vets are still concerned about the tension in Korea to this day as North Korea , which might possess nuclear weapons , continues to threaten armed confrontation .
“ I think [ the North Koreans ] are stupid .
They ’re starving their own people .
Why deprive your own people of better living conditions just because you ’re stubborn ? ” Halliday asked .
“ It ’s ready to get back into a mess again , ” Beaden lamented .
“ I do believe we ’re going to have a problem there . ”
Unfortunately , that is nothing new , Halliday said .
“ Ever since I was a kid there ’s been a war someplace , ” he said .
“ The Earth just ca n’t live in peace .
It ’s a shame . ”
Hooray for Zoidberg !
Mashup
See the best one - liners from second - rate physician and hammy Decapodian Dr. Zoidberg .
Wes and Tony put a comic up here to celebrate the last leg of their great crawl out of hell .
Nude Swimmer Disrupts Filming at OB Pier
by Jim Grant / June 13 , 2010
On Sunday , June 13th , a 20 something young man decided to walk and swim naked on the beach during filming at the OB Pier .
( Editor : “ Firefly ” is the name of the company that was shooting the promotional stills and video for the show “ Terriers ” .
It ’s nothing to do with the show “ Firefly ” . )
FX was filming a show which was originally thought to be “ Firefly ” the derailed sci - fi series , and they had a crew of 40 - 50 members with at least as many onlookers , when the young man stripped off his clothes , walked on the beach for awhile , and then went into the water .
He was in the water just for awhile , and then he tried to climb up a barnacle encrusted concrete pier support but to no avail .
SD Lifeguards and EMT finally corralled the guy .
They wrapped him in a bright YELLOW blanket they use to cover dead bodies .
After talking to him on the beach , they placed the slightly dazed and confused guy on a stretcher and took him to the hospital for observation .
Well , it seemed like a good idea before the SDPD showed up !!!
A desperate Kyrgyzstan today asked Russia to send its army to the south of the country after another day of clashes in the city of Osh , where at least 65 people have been killed and 850 wounded in three days of ethnic rioting .
Kyrgyzstan 's interim leader , Rosa Otunbayeva , called on Russia 's president , Dmitry Medvedev , to intervene militarily .
Admitting that her government had lost control of the situation in the volatile south , she said outside forces were needed to restore order .
The Kremlin said it had no immediate plans to send troops , describing the riots as an internal conflict .
Any prospect of a large - scale Russian military intervention is likely to concern the White House , whose Manas airbase near Kyrgyzstan 's capital of Bishkek is a crucial supply post for US forces fighting in nearby Afghanistan .
Moscow has its own military airbase near Bishkek .
Russian officials said Moscow would consult its regional allies on Monday over what measures it might take .
They said Russia – which regards central Asia as its backyard and is keen to limit US influence in the region – would only act in conjunction with the United Nations .
Yesterday witnesses described scenes of horror and said thousands of terrified ethnic Uzbeks were fleeing to the nearby border with Uzbekistan .
An Associated Press reporter who visited the border witnessed people fleeing in panic and saw bodies of children who had been killed in the stampede .
Much of Osh , the country 's second biggest city , was today in flames – with Kyrgyz youths carrying out bloody pogroms against Uzbek residents , who are a large minority in the city .
Witnesses said Kyrgyz gangs armed with firearms , sticks and metal rods were roaming the streets , burning Uzbek homes and property .
The Uzbek cinema , supermarkets and several shops were destroyed .
Many residents were hiding in their cellars , food was running out and large parts of the city reported to be without gas and electricity .
The interim government has sent troops and armoured vehicles into the city , but they have failed to stop the rampages .
" The sky above Osh is black .
The army is n't at all in control .
We do n't know what to do , " one resident told Kyrgyzstan 's AKIpress news agency .
" The authorities in Bishkek simply do n't know what 's going on here .
We 're not just talking about looting but total destruction .
By the time troops arrive there will be no one left to save . "
" It 's a real war , " said Omurbek Suvanaliyev , a leader of the Ata - Zhurt political party that tried to organise local militia , " Everything is burning , and bodies are lying on the streets , " Reuters reported Suvanaliyev as saying .
He said the warring parties were using armored vehicles in their fighting .
Witnesses said the city 's bus station was wrecked , and that 30 Uzbeks were massacred and 70 injured in an overnight pogrom in Cheremushi district .
Motorists were daubing " KG " in red paint on their vehicles to show they were ethnic Kyrgyz , they said .
In contrast , Uzbeks were painting SOS outside their houses .
Passengers who flew in to Osh 's airport yesterday were trapped there as gunfire was exchanged at an Uzbek village near the airport 's ring road .
The disturbances are the most serious since April 's street revolution ousted Kyrgyzstan 's former leader Kurmanbek Bakiyev .
The president fled the country after his troops opened fire in Bishkek , killing at least 85 unarmed protesters .
He is now in Belarus .
His supporters in the south of the country seized several government buildings last month .
Analysts said the pro-Bakiyev counter - revolutionary movement in southern Kyrgyzstan had rapidly evolved into a ferocious ethnic conflict .
The region was the scene of inter-ethnic rioting in the 1990s during the breakup of the Soviet Union .
Some 1000 people were killed when Kyrgyzstan 's Uzbek minority tried to gain autonomy and join neighbouring Uzbekistan .
The fear now is that ethnic tensions might erupt across the region .
Lilit Gevorgyan , an expert with Global Insight , said the territorial dispute " seems to be coming back to life again " .
" The Osh Uzbeks have found unlikely partners in ousted president Bakiyev 's Krygyz supporters who are happy to join forces with any group antagonistic towards the northern revolutionary government in the capital Bishkek . "
The collapse of the Bakiyev regime had also ignited a fight between rival criminal gangs , Gevorgyan said , with one Uzbek mafia boss in Osh recently shot dead .
Opponents of the new government said it had failed to impose political stability , and was letting the country drift towards civil war .
" We have our own resources .
We have our own armed forces .
We do n't need to ask the Russians to deal with the situation , " Miroslav Niyasov , former head of the country 's security council , told the Observer .
" Unfortunately our government is n't up to the job . "
Otunbayeva – Kyrgyzstan 's former ambassador in London and a veteran English - speaking diplomat – telephoned Russia 's prime minister , Vladimir Putin , last night to discuss the crisis .
She admitted today : " The situation in the Osh region has spun out of control .
Attempts to establish a dialogue have failed ...
We need outside forces to quell confrontation . "
Russia dominates a security pact of several ex-Soviet nations that includes Kyrgyzstan .
Both its obligations under the Collective Security Treaty OrganiSation and its interests in the strategically placed central Asian nation suggest it will be open to Otunbayeva 's call for help .
There ’s a really old joke that goes , “ Doctor , my arm hurts when I move it this way , ” and the doctor replies , “ So do n’t move it that way . ”
It ’s stupidly funny because it ’s such a simple solution , but it does n’t really fix the problem .
In the case of Steve Jobs , however , if he were the doctor he would n’t just tell you not to move your arm that way , he ’d tell you that your arm really does n’t hurt at all .
When users started complaining about the iPhone 4 ’s reception problems , some decided to take it straight to Apple ’s CEO .
“ My iPhone does n’t work properly when I hold it this way , ” some user cried .
In typical Jobs fashion , his terse response was , “ Just avoid holding it in that way . ”
Oh , but it did n’t stop there .
After receiving another e-mail complaint , the megalomanical Jobs asserted us that there is no iPhone 4 reception issue at all and asked us to “ stay tuned . ”
So here we have a widespread problem that Apple has acknowledged with an excuse that all phones do the same thing to a degree , and its response , along with its CEO , is that it ’s not that big of a deal .
Then we ’re hit with another follow up that assures us there is no issue at all .
I ’m confused !
If I bought a new Macbook Pro and the “ E ” key did n’t work , would I accept a response from Steve Jobs that said , “ Just do n’t us that lttr .
Not that big of a dal . ”
Hell no !
So what makes him think , aside from his ego and the idea that he creates some of the world ’s most magical products , that iPhone users would accept his unusual and insulting solution to the smartphone ’s antenna and reception problems .
Oh wait , there are no reception problems .
Steve , I like your products .
I think they ’re some of the best gadgets on the market , if not the best , today .
But please make up your mind on the issue / non - issue we have with the iPhone 4 and fix it fast .
Thanks .
Image courtesy of Gizmodo commenter Cheetah Eldrick Woods
Quebec 's government broke the law by buying software from Microsoft without considering offers from other vendors , the province 's Superior Court has ruled .
The government 's procurement agency acted illegally in spending $ 720,000 , beginning in the fall of 2006 , on the migration of 800 workstations to Microsoft software , including Windows Vista and Office 2007 , Judge Denis Jacques ruled in Quebec City on Thursday .
The government did not perform a " serious and documented search " for alternatives , which it must do with any expenditure over $ 25,000 , he said .
The decision was in regards to a suit filed in March 2008 by Savoir Faire Linux , a small Montreal - based firm that deals in open - source software .
Jacques dismissed arguments from the government , which said that Microsoft software was selected because employees were already familiar with it , and that switching to a different platform would have incurred additional costs .
The government also argued that the move to Vista was an upgrade , not a purchase , and therefore did not need to be publicly tendered .
A tender was made , but only to authorized Microsoft dealers .
The contract went to Compugen Inc. , a Microsoft dealer based in Richmond Hill , Ont .
Savoir Faire Linux had asked for the purchase to be reversed , but the judge rejected the request on the grounds that the installation of the software was complete .
He did award Savoir Faire Linux with the costs of its legal action .
" The [ government ] should have issued a request for proposals , " the judge said .
" Under the circumstances , it would n't be reasonable to retroactively cancel the purchase , given that it was n't in bad faith . "
The company was pleased with the ruling , despite not getting the contract reversed , and hailed it as a major win for both government and taxpayers .
" The contract was n't really important for us … the biggest winner in the case is the Quebec government because now the administration is free from the grip of a multinational 's fiefdom , " said Savoir Faire Linux executive vice - president .
" They will have to follow the purchase rules and wo n't be able to pass over them by anymore . "
Officials from Quebec 's procurement office could not be reached for comment .
Microsoft said it was glad the matter was resolved .
" While this is a matter between Savoir Faire and the government of Quebec we are pleased that the contract is upheld and that the courts found Microsoft acted in good faith , " said spokesperson Cynthia Keeshan .
Governments around the world have been under pressure to reduce their software budgets and reliance on proprietary vendors such as Microsoft .
Several countries , including France and the Netherlands , have in recent years switched to open source software such as Linux .
Obama 's Timidity and Deaths at Sea A chief lesson to learn from President Barack Obama ’s recent unwillingness to stand up to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and the Likud Lobby is that such timidity can get people killed .
Email
Printer friendly Casualty figures are still arriving in the wake of Israel ’s Sunday night - Monday morning commando attack on an unarmed flotilla trying to bring relief supplies to the 1.5 million Palestinians crowded into Gaza .
Already , at least nine civilian passengers aboard the ships are reported killed , and dozens wounded .
Yet , seldom has an act of aggression been so well advertised in advance .
Israel had made clear that it would use force to prevent the ships from reaching Gaza and heard no stern protest from President Obama , who apparently could not overcome his fear of Israel ’s legendary political clout .
Earlier this year , Obama did criticize Israel ’s continued settlement of Palestinian areas and Netanyahu ’s resistance to hold meaningful peace talks , but the President has failed to back up his words with firm action or resolve .
For that reason , Netanyahu was left convinced that Israel could do what it wished , including dropping commandos by helicopters onto crowded ships and after an apparent clash with civilians on one of the ships , ordering the use of lethal force .
Then , Netanyahu could expect that America ’s Fawning Corporate Media ( FCM ) – with leading figures like Wolf Blitzer who built his journalistic career by working for the Jerusalem Post – would finesse the murderous assault into something reasonable and possibly even tilted sympathetically toward the Israeli troops .
Early on , CNN began repeating the Israeli “ explanation ” for its attack on the high seas , parroting the Jerusalem Post which reported that “ militants were killed ” after they set upon Israeli naval commandos who boarded one of the six ships Monday morning at two o’clock .
The commandos “ were met with strong resistance from men armed with bladed weapons and the situation degenerated into a massacre when one of them grabbed the weapon of a soldier and opened fire , ” said the Jerusalem Post , quoting Israeli military sources .
The Israeli Defense Forces ( IDF ) claimed that the relief convoy organizers had a “ radical Islamic anti-Western orientation , ” and that Israeli “ naval forces were attacked with metal clubs and knives , as well as live fire , ” though there were no reports of Israeli deaths .
The IDF statement continued : “ The demonstrators had clearly prepared their weapons in advance for this specific purpose , ” adding that the Navy then used riot dispersal methods , which include live fire , according to JTA , the global news service of the Jewish people .
Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak blamed the organizers of the convoy for the violent outcome , and Deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon told a news conference why that was so : “ The organizers ’ intent was violent , their method was violent , and unfortunately , the results were violent . ”
So , you see , the Israeli military resorted to violence only in self - defense .
Right .
Quiet Conversation
On Monday , President Obama spoke to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu by phone about the incident .
Afterwards , the White House said Obama had expressed “ deep regret ” over the deaths , but declined further comment , citing “ the importance of learning all the facts and circumstances ” as quickly as possible .
However , do n’t count on the timid Obama or his Likud - leaning advisers — much less the FCM — to question the Israeli version .
We are likely to get an “ explanation ” worthy of the late Alexander Haig as to why the slaughter may well have been “ justified . ”
Haig ’s death in February brought to mind comments he made about a brutal incident on the night of Dec. 2 , 1980 , shortly after Ronald Reagan ’s election victory .
In rightist - ruled El Salvador , government security forces stopped four American churchwomen in their mini-van and were ordered to kill them .
The soldiers first raped the women and then executed them with high - powered rifles .
Reagan ’s foreign policy team decided to treat the rape - murder as a public relations problem , best handled by shifting blame onto the victims .
And so , the women were deemed not nuns , but “ political activists . ”
After becoming Reagan ’s first Secretary of State , Haig told Congress that “ the nuns may have run through a roadblock or may have accidentally been perceived to have been doing so , and there may have been an exchange of fire . ”
In just a few weeks , the American women had gone from being innocent victims to “ political activists ” to armed insurgents – although knowledgeable U.S. government officials conceded there was no evidence to support Haig ’s shoot - out speculation .
As an intelligence analyst at the time , I knew of Haig ’s inclination to make up stuff .
Watch for the same thing to happen to the international “ activists ” who were killed and wounded in the incident off Gaza .
I do n’t watch the FCM anymore ( it ’s just too much for my Irish temper ) , but I ’m told that Israel - friendly pundits are already spinning faster than the famous centrifuges in Iran .
Uncle Remus ’s Wisdom “ He Do n’t Say Nothin ’ , ” as Uncle Remus put it , with improper grammar but with an accurate understanding that by not saying anything you can often convey a powerful or dangerous message .
As a presidential candidate , Obama was careful to say nothing about the brutal Israeli blockade against the 1.5 million people in Gaza , about to enter its fourth year .
As president - elect he stayed mum as the Israelis attacked densely populated Gaza , killing some 1,400 Gazans .
As President , he has backed down at every significant moment when Netanyahu thumbed his nose at Obama or at Vice President Joe Biden .
Obama knew about the “ Freedom Flotilla ” and its plan to bring supplies to Gaza .
And he had to be aware of Israel ’s threats to attack the relief ships .
But , like Uncle Remus ’s B’rer Fox , Obama “ do n’t say nothin . ’ ”
Quite the contrary , Obama ’s pro-Zionist White House chief of staff Rahm Emanuel , who recently vacationed in Israel and met with Netanyahu last Wednesday , extended an invitation for a working visit at the White House .
Netanyahu was to visit Obama on Tuesday after a four - day visit to Canada .
On Monday morning , Netanyahu canceled out of a gala dinner to be held in his honor in Ottawa and nixed the visit to Washington .
He said he hoped that both Prime Minister Stephen Harper and President Obama “ understand that Israel has a great security problem . ”
However , according to Craig Murray , a former British ambassador and Foreign Office specialist on maritime law , the commando raid in international waters was more than just a security problem ; it was a violation of international law and the Law of the Sea .
" Possibility one , " Murray wrote , " is that the Israeli commandoes were acting on behalf of the government of Israel in killing the activists in international waters .
The applicable law is that of the flag state of the ship on which the incident occurred , " in this case Turkey .
" In legal terms , the Turkish ship was Turkish territory .
So ... Israel is in a position of war with Turkey , and the attack by Israeli commandos falls under international jurisdiction as a war crime , " Murray continued .
" Possibility two is that , if the killings were not military actions authorized by Israel , they were then acts of murder and fall under Turkish jurisdiction .
If Israel does not consider itself in a position of war with Turkey , it must hand over the commandos involved for trial in Turkey under Turkish law .
" It is for Turkey , not Israel , to carry out any inquiry or investigation and to initiate any prosecutions .
Israel would be obliged by law to hand over indicted personnel for prosecution . "
Getting Away With Murder
But the fatal incident off the Gaza coast was not the first time Israel had used lethal force against a nearly defenseless ship at sea .
The attack on the “ Freedom Flotilla ” was reminiscent of the attack on the USS Liberty during Israel ’s Six - Day War against three of its Arab neighbors .
The war started on June 5 , 1967 , when Israel carried out an unprovoked Blitzkrieg attack .
What is my source for “ unprovoked ? ” Former Israeli Prime Minister Menachem Begin , who 15 years later admitted publicly : “ In June 1967 , we had a choice .
The Egyptian army concentrations in the Sinai approaches do not prove that [ Egyptian President ]
Nasser was really about to attack us .
We must be honest with ourselves .
We decided to attack him . ”
Three days into the war , Israeli aircraft and torpedo boats turned their firepower on the intelligence collection ship USS Liberty in international waters after the Israelis had identified it as a U.S. Navy ship .
The Israelis later insisted they had lost track of the ship and that the strafing was an accident in the fog of war .
However , U.S. intelligence intercepted Israeli conversations at the time , indicating that the Israeli mission was to sink the ship and leave no survivors .
Israeli commandos clad in black were about to land from helicopters and finish off what remained of the Liberty crew when Seaman Terry Halbardier ( later awarded the Silver Star ) slid over the Liberty ’s napalm - laden deck to jury - rig an antenna and get an SOS off to the Sixth Fleet .
Israeli forces intercepted the SOS and quickly broke off the attack .
But 34 of the Liberty crew were killed and over 170 wounded .
To avoid exacerbating bilateral tensions , the U.S. Navy was ordered to cover up the deliberate nature of the attack , and the surviving crew was threatened with imprisonment , if they so much as told their wives .
When some of the crew later called for an independent investigation , they were hit with charges of anti-Semitism .
One of the surviving crew of the USS Liberty , decorated Navy veteran Joe Meadors , was with the “ Freedom Flotilla ” when it was attacked .
Meadors is past president of the USS Liberty Veterans Association .
The State Department tells us that Joe Meadors survived this latest Israeli attack .
At last word , he sits in an Israeli jail .
Rachel Corrie Another incident occurred on March 16 , 2003 , when 23 - year - old Rachel Corrie , an American volunteer serving in Gaza with the International Solidarity Movement was run over by an Israeli Army bulldozer after a prolonged face - off in full view of several of her volunteer colleagues .
Rachel was trying to prevent the bulldozing of a Palestinian home where she had been staying .
The apparent message the Israelis wanted to convey in killing Rachel Corrie was that international volunteers would no longer be exempt from the brutal treatment accorded young Israeli volunteers who tried to stand up , as Rachel did , for decent treatment of Palestinians in Gaza .
The FCM ’s excitement over President George W. Bush ’s eagerly anticipated “ shock - and - awe ” bombing of Iraq three days later pushed what limited coverage there was about Rachel ’s murder to the back pages .
The Israelis claimed the killing was an inadvertent mistake , like the shoot - up of the Liberty .
The courageous Rachel was very much with the Freedom Flotilla in spirit .
One of the ships in the convoy bore the name “ Rachel Corrie . ”
Israel cannot hide behind “ inadvertence ” this time , although its spin-masters are already doing their best to smear the civilians on the ships with buzzwords , calling them “ terrorists ” who “ ambushed ” and tried to “ lynch ” the Israeli commandos .
These P.R. tactics may work with the American FCM and neocons in Washington – and by extension the TV - watchers in the United States – but patience with Israel in the international community is wearing paper - thin .
Much of this has to do with Gaza , including the Israeli attack from Dec. 17 , 2008 , to Jan. 18 , 2009 , as well as the three - year blockade that began when Hamas won Palestinian elections and became the governing party in Gaza .
Israel and the U.S. government deem Hamas to be a terrorist organization , though some other countries regard it more as a resistance movement fighting against Israeli occupation .
Yet , regardless of how one feels about Hamas , Israel ’s harsh blockade of Gaza and last year ’s military assault are widely seen as inflicting a humanitarian disaster on the Palestinian people .
Has Netanyahu Gone Too Far ?
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has reacted strongly to the Israeli attack on the relief ships , the largest of which sailed from Turkey .
According to one report , Turkey has served warning that Turkish Navy ships will escort future relief convoys to Gaza .
Erdogan has had it with Israeli mistreatment of Muslims in his eastern Mediterranean neighborhood .
On Jan. 29 , 2009 , at the economic summit in Davos , he leveled harsh criticism to Israeli President Shimon Peres ’s face , labeling Gaza “ an open - air prison . ”
Erdogan angrily cited “ the sixth commandment — Thou Shalt Not Kill , ” adding , “ We are talking about killing ” in Gaza .
Erdogan ’s one - and - a - half - minute tirade was captured on camera by the BBC .
Five days before Erdogan ’s outburst , the Brazilian government also condemned Israel ’s bombing of Gaza and its effect on the civilian population as a “ disproportionate response . ”
It seems to have been the atrocity in Gaza that galvanized the successful joint effort by Turkish Prime Minister Erdogan and Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva to defy Israel by getting Iran to agree to transfer fully half of its low - enriched uranium to Turkey for further processing , rendering it unusable for a nuclear weapon .
Defy Israel ?
you ask .
If Israel believes that low - enriched uranium is an essential part of an “ existential threat ” to Israel from eventual nuclear weapons in Iran , would the Israelis not be delighted at Iran ’s agreement to send half to Turkey ?
Good question .
If the truth be told , Israel cares a lot less about Iran ’s uranium that it does about forcing “ regime change ” in Tehran .
Netanyahu does not want any agreement with Iran ; he wants sanctions against Iran , and eventually a military conflict .
And this twin wish is shared by American neocons who remain influential in the Obama administration and in the FCM .
The pro-Israeli hardliners appear to be the ones running U.S. policy on the Middle East , not Obama , who seems only nominally in charge .
Unusually clear proof of this came when the Brazilians released a letter revealing that Obama had personally encouraged the Brazilian and Turkish leaders to pursue the kind of deal they were able to work out with the Iranians .
Thus , the leaders of Brazil and Turkey were surprised when Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and other administration spokespeople trashed the tripartite Iran - Turkey - Brazil deal and pressed ahead with a new round of sanctions .
And the President ?
Did he step up and acknowledge encouraging Brazil and Turkey to seek the uranium deal ?
Well , he do n’t say nothin’ .
Israeli Influence While Americans continue to be starved of real information from the FCM , people around the world are able to view with disdain the degree to which Washington dogs are wagged by Israeli tails .
When I suggested five years ago before a Capitol Hill hearing chaired by Rep. John Conyers that Israel was right up there , together with oil and military bases , as comprising the real rationale for war on Iraq , I , too , was called anti-Semitic .
But the evidence has always been as clear as it is abundant .
An inadvertent remark by former British Prime Minister Blair has provided insight — straight from the horse ’s ass , I mean , mouth .
In early February 2010 , the British press revealed that Blair , testifying to the Iraq war commission in the U.K. , offered the following account of his discussions with Bush in Crawford , Texas , in April 2002 .
That ’s when Bush said war was the only way to deal with Saddam Hussein , and Blair acquiesced .
But Blair ’s remarks revealed that Israeli concerns were a major part of the equation and that Israeli officials were involved in the discussions .
Thus , Blair : “ As I recall that discussion , it was less to do with specifics about what we were going to do on Iraq or , indeed , the Middle East , because the Israel issue was a big , big issue at the time .
I think , in fact , I remember , actually , there may have been conversations that we had even with Israelis , the two of us , whilst we were there .
So that was a major part of all this . "
It is a safe bet that Hillary Clinton ’s Likud - friendly lieutenants and their new junior partners in London are busy conferring with Tel Aviv right now about how to handle the PR challenge caused by the upstart leaders of Turkey and Brazil with the temerity to work out a deal with Tehran .
( Never mind that Obama personally asked them to do it . )
How does one make into a bad thing Iran ’s agreement to ship half its uranium out of the country , even if additional steps might still be needed to assure the world that Iran is telling the truth when it says it is n’t building a nuclear bomb ?
More and more people around the globe are seeing Obama as subservient to the Likud Lobby , perhaps not as enthusiastically as Bush was , but still unwilling to put action behind his occasional words of dissatisfaction .
Important players in the Middle East , as well as increasingly assertive countries like Turkey and Brazil , conclude that the policies and behavior of Tel Aviv and Washington are virtually identical .
And then there is the $ 3 billion or so that the United States gives Israel each year that enables the Israelis to arm themselves to the teeth .
It is understandable , then , that many will blame Washington for what happened in the dark of night , on the eve of Memorial Day , on the high seas .
Hard Lessons
The likely results are three - fold : -- On Memorial Day next year , there may well be hundreds more “ fallen heroes ” to honor , killed by Muslim and other “ militants ” who make no distinction between what the U.S. had done in Iraq and Afghanistan and what Israel does in Gaza and the occupied West Bank — and add Lebanon and Syria , for good measure .
As Gen . David Petraeus pointed out earlier this year , the unresolved Arab - Israeli “ conflict foments anti-American sentiment , due to a perception of U.S. favoritism for Israel ” and thus puts U.S. troops at greater risk .
“ Arab anger over the Palestinian question limits the strength and depth of U.S. partnerships with governments and peoples in the [ region ] and weakens the legitimacy of moderate regimes in the Arab world , ” Petraeus said .
“ Meanwhile , al - Qaeda and other militant groups exploit that anger to mobilize support . "
-- The linking of U.S. support with Israeli actions enhances the incentive of terrorists to ply their dark arts in the United States .
While it is difficult to find a measure of objectivity in official U.S. government documents on this topic , every so often there is a slip between cup and lip .
There was such a slip on Sept. 23 , 2004 , for example , when the Pentagon - sponsored U.S. Defense Science Board issued a formal report concluding : “ Muslims do not ‘ hate our freedom , ’ but rather , they hate our policies .
The overwhelming majority voice their objections to what they see as one - sided support in favor of Israel and against Palestinian rights . ”
You will not be surprised to find out that the board ’s report was generally suppressed in the FCM , as were the following , more specific , examples : “ By his own account , KSM ’s [ 9/11 “ mastermind ” Khalid Sheikh Mohammed ’s ] animus toward the United States stemmed not from his experience there as a student , but rather from his violent disagreement with U.S. foreign policy favoring Israel . ” [ 9/11 Commission Report , July 22 , 2004 , page 147 ]
And what motivated Dr. Humam Khalil Abu Mulal al - Balawi , the 32 - year - old Jordanian physician of Palestinian origin , who on Dec. 30 , 2009 , detonated a suicide bomb at a CIA site in eastern Afghanistan , killing seven American CIA operatives ?
According to his brother , al - Balawi “ changed ” during the three - week - long Israeli offensive in Gaza , which killed some 1,400 Gazans .
When al - Balawi volunteered to treat injured Palestinians in Gaza , he was arrested by Jordanian authorities , his brother said .
It was after that arrest that al - Balawi allowed himself to be “ recruited ” to spy on al - Qaeda for the CIA .
Quickly , it became payback time for Americans and Jordanians whom he associated with Israel .
Christmas underpants bomber Abdulmuttallab also is reported to have been particularly outraged by Israel ’s slaughter of the 1,400 Gazans at the turn of 2008 - 09 and Washington ’s defense of Israel ’s action .
That Israeli actions in Gaza acted as catalysts to al - Balawi’s and Abdulmuttallab ’s determination to exact revenge on the U.S. is hardly surprising — the more so in view of Washington ’s efforts to suppress the findings of the UN - commissioned Gaza investigation by Justice Richard Goldstone .
His report concluded that : “ The blockade policies implemented by Israel against the Gaza Strip , in particular the closure of or restrictions imposed on border crossings in the immediate period before the military operations , subjected the local population to extreme hardship and deprivations that amounted to a violation of Israel ’s obligations as an Occupying Power under the Fourth Geneva Convention . …
“ Israel has essentially violated its obligation to allow free passage of all consignments of medical and hospital objects , food , and clothing that were needed to meet the urgent humanitarian needs of the civilian population …
“ The Mission concludes that the conditions resulting from deliberate actions of the Israeli forces and the declared policies of the Government with regard to the Gaza Strip before , during , and after the military operation cumulatively indicate the intention to inflict collective punishment on the people of the Gaza Strip .
“ The Mission , therefore , finds a violation of the provisions of Articles 33 of the Fourth Geneva Convention . ”
-- Attacking Iran ?
It is no secret that this goal enjoys high priority on Netanyahu ’s agenda .
It could be stopped in its tracks by a public warning from President Obama — but all signs point to his bending to neocon advice to shy away from a showdown .
The fact that world leaders consider Netanyahu a clear and present danger to peace in the region is showed by the way the leaders of Turkey and Brazil moved at an accelerated pace to draw the Iranians into the kind of deal that Obama personally had advocated , before being overruled by Clinton and Democratic neocons .
The urgency of the Turkey - Brazil initiative came through in the words of Brazilian President Lula da Silva , who could hardly have been more explicit : “ We can't allow to happen in Iran what happened in Iraq .
Before any sanctions , we must undertake all possible efforts to try and build peace in the Middle East . "
A Green Light Netanyahu listens only to Washington , when he listens at all .
Following the bloody attack on the Freedom Flotilla , I imagine he will now get at most a mealy - mouthed “ please - do n ’t - do - this - again ” from the White House , together with an Al - Haig made - up excuse about an “ exchange ” of fire .
If that proves to be the case , Netanyahu is altogether likely to consider that Israel has a green light to provoke hostilities with Iran , with the full expectation that the United States will jump right in to help the non-ally ally finish the job .
Non-ally ally ?
Sorry , despite what you hear from Obama , Congress and the whole Washington Establishment , Israel is not an ally of the United States .
Webster ’s ( and international law ) define ally as “ a state associated with another by treaty . ”
There is no mutual defense treaty between the U.S. and Israel .
( Washington has broached the idea to Israel from time to time , but Israel has said no thanks .
Treaties , you see , require internationally recognized borders , and Israeli leaders avoid that subject like the plague . )
NATO member Turkey , on the other hand , is a U.S. ally .
This could make things very awkward if Turkey sends its warships to accompany the next convoy trying to lift the siege of Gaza .
It is possible that Washington may have to choose between a real ally and a synthetic one , if shots are fired .
Ray McGovern works with Tell the Word , the publishing arm of the ecumenical Church of the Saviour in inner-city Washington .
As an Army infantry / intelligence officer and later a CIA analyst , he spent almost 30 years in intelligence work .
He is co-founder of Veteran Intelligence Professionals for Sanity ( VIPS ) .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
Delightfully eccentric kids show ' Yo Gabba Gabba ! ' has announced a 60 - city tour of North America featuring wacky hip - hop legend Biz Markie .
Excitedly titled ' Yo Gabba Gabba !
Live ! :
There 's a Party in My City ! , ' the tour stretches across the latter half of the year , starting in Bethel , N.Y. on Aug. 27 and concluding in Dallas , Texas on Dec. 12 .
For the hip - hop heads in the house , Biz Markie will be on stage to lend some beat boxing lessons in a live version of his popular ' Biz 's Beat of the Day ' segment that appears regularly on the Nick Jr. show .
Attendees can expect a wild combination of music , singing , dancing and animation that will create an interactive experience that is sure to please the kids .
Other guests are expected for stage versions of the show 's ' Super Friends Music Show ' and ' Dancey Dance ' segments .
To add even more sweetness , the tour will donate a dollar from every ticket to Habitat for Humanity .
Produced by S2BN Entertainment in association with Wildbrain Entertainment and The Magic Store , the tour will coincide with the September release of the group 's second album entitled ' Yo Gabba Gabba !
Music Is Awesome Volume 2 . '
Check out the full dates here .
With yesterday 's announcement of the Motorola Droid X on Verizon , and first shipments of the Apple iPhone 4 on AT&T joining the HTC Evo 4G on Sprint , three of the four big U.S. carriers now have new flagship high - end smartphones .
With yesterday 's announcement of the and the on AT&T joining the on Sprint , three of the four big U.S. carriers now have new flagship high - end smartphones .
Some things are constant among these phones .
First , all run 1GHz processors :
The iPhone runs Apple 's A4 , the Evo runs the Qualcomm Snapdragon , and the Droid X runs on a TI OMAP processor .
All add much better cameras : A 5 - megapixel one on the iPhone 4 and 8 - megapixel ones on the Droid X and the Evo 4G .
And all have bigger or higher - resolution displays and a large selection of applications .
But while there are a lot of similarities , what interests me most are the differences .
The iPhone 4 , of course , runs Apple 's operating environment , now called iOS 4 , and AT&T is the only U.S. carrier to offer it .
( I do know people who run " jailbroken " versions of the earlier iPhones on T - Mobile , but not many . )
The new phone looks great and is very thin , and its 3.5 - inch LCD has the highest resolution at 960 - by - 480 , though the screen is physically smaller than that on the other two devices .
Although the hardware looks great , the biggest benefit the iPhone has is still its integrated ecosystem , with hardware , software , and the App Store all working together .
There are more applications in total - and more good ones - in the App Store than for other mobile platforms .
I love a number of applications , and find its mail program to be better than the defaults on other platforms ( particularly now with the addition of a unified inbox . )
The iPhone 4 adds a front - facing camera , and FaceTime video calling looks easier to use than other choices , though I want to try it more .
The downsides :
It 's a closed environment , so Apple controls what goes into the App Store , sometimes with unpredictable results ; AT&T 's known issues with dropped calls ( which as I 've said seems to be improving , but it 's clearly been a big problem ) ; the iPhone 's lack of expandability - neither a removable battery or an additional memory card ; and its lack of support for Flash , which means that some Web sites ( such as Hulu ) do n't work .
The other flagship phones all run Google 's Android operating environment , which is notably more open :
You can choose from multiple handset makers and carriers , and the Android Market is notably less restrictive than Apple 's store .
There are n't quite as many applications there , but there are tens of thousands , and most of what you want is available .
But a downside here is that these phones tend to be a bit more complex .
The user interfaces are n't as consistent , and most of the hardware makers add their own enhancements that may or may not conflict with those offered by the OS and the carrier .
You have more control , but you have to work at it more .
The Evo 4G has a large 4.3 - inch display , with an 800 - by - 480 resolution , and as a result , the phone is a lot larger than the iPhone 4 .
It has a variety of very nice features , including a front - facing camera for video conferencing and the ability to be used as a mobile hot - spot , sharing its Sprint connection with multiple computers over Wi-Fi .
It also has an 8 - megapixel camera , HDMI out , and a kickstand .
But the standout feature is its support for the Wimax network , which is now available in a number of markets and coming to a lot more this fall .
The downsides include size - the flipside of the big screen is that it is notably bigger than the iPhone and feels heavier than the Droid X - and for me , at least , battery life and a number of little bugs I 'm waiting to get resolved .
Currently , Flash does n't work , but Andorid 2.2 with support for Flash 10.1 is likely coming .
The Droid X , like the Evo , has a 4.3 - inch LCD but with a slightly higher resolution of 854 - by - 480 , and ships with Android 2.1 , with the 2.2 update and Flash promised for later this summer .
( The device is scheduled to ship July 21 ) .
It too has a wireless hotspot feature , removable battery and expandable store .
A couple of things make it different , including its own set of Motorola widgets that go on top of Android and an optional larger battery that makes it a little thicker .
But what really stood out to me was Motorola 's focus on voice quality , with additional antennas and three microphones for improved noise cancellation .
Of all these phones , it is the biggest , slightly longer than the Evo 4G .
I have n't been able to use one yet .
These phones will be soon joined by the , originally with the model on AT&T , but rumored to be on other carriers as well .
This too runs Android 2.1 initially , but has Samsung 's own 1 GHz processor and a 4 - inch 800 - by - 480 " Super AMOLED " display .
One thing I 've noticed is how much lighter it feels than the other big Android phones , but we 'll have to see what that means for battery life .
And I really want to see how this OLED display really stacks up to the others .
Also note that T - Mobile has a number of interesting phones , including the HTC HD2 , which runs Windows Mobile 6.5 and a number of Android - based models , although I 'm not sure I 'd describe these as flagship phones in the same way .
I can't say any one phone is perfect for everyone .
Some people will prefer smaller phones , and others will insist on physical keyboards , as on the BlackBerry .
Some will balk at the data plans .
And everyone will have to choose not just a phone , but also a carrier , which offer different levels of service , coverage , and plans .
Originally posted to Michael Miller 's blog , Forward Thinking .
About The Author Cameron Chapman is a professional Web and graphic designer with over 6 years of experience .
She writes for a number of blogs and is the author of The Smashing … More about Cameron Chapman …
How To Permanently Delete Your Account on Popular Websites
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
We all have an increasing number of sites and online services we ’re members of , and sometimes it all gets a little overwhelming .
At times , we just need to delete our memberships to some sites , either in an effort to simplify our lives or just because we ’ve grown tired of a particular site or service
What we often do n’t realize when signing up for all these accounts , though , is how difficult it can be to permanently delete our accounts when we ’ve had enough .
Some require complicated , multi-step processes that can stretch over the course of days ( or weeks ) .
Others take less time , but still require multiple steps by the user .
Below we ’ll take a look at the account deletion processes of popular websites and services , and how easy or difficult they make it .
Then we ’ll discuss why sites make things so complicated , and some things to consider when designing your own deletion policies .
We all have an increasing number of sites and online services we ’re members of , and sometimes it all gets a little overwhelming .
At times , we just need to delete our memberships to some sites , either in an effort to simplify our lives or just because we ’ve grown tired of a particular site or service .
What we often do n’t realize when signing up for all these accounts , though , is how difficult it can be to permanently delete our accounts when we ’ve had enough .
Some require complicated , multi-step processes that can stretch over the course of days ( or weeks ) .
Others take less time , but still require multiple steps by the user .
Please consider reading our related articles :
Below we ’ll take a look at the account deletion processes of popular websites and services , and how easy or difficult they make it .
Then we ’ll discuss why sites make things so complicated , and some things to consider when designing your own deletion policies .
Facebook
Difficulty ( on a scale of 1 - 5 , 5 being hardest ) : 5
Deleting a Facebook account is a bit more complicated than many other services .
There are two options for getting rid of your FB account , one that ’s permanent and complete , and one that lets you change your mind later .
If you just want to shut down your account for a little while , with the option to reactivate it later , you can deactivate your account .
This is simple : just go into your account settings and click on the “ deactivate account ” link .
This immediately makes your account invisible to everyone else on Facebook .
If you decide at a later date that you want to reactivate your account , it ’s as simple as reactivating .
If you ’re looking for something a little more permanent , though , you ’ll need to submit a request to Facebook .
The tricky thing here , though , is that they do n’t immediately delete your account , and if at any time before it ’s permanently deleted you log in or otherwise interact with Facebook , your deletion request will be canceled .
For that reason , it ’s a good idea to go around to any computers or devices ( like your mobile phone ) that you access your account through and log out ( deleting saved passwords is also a good idea to prevent an accidental login ) .
Then you can use the form found here to request deletion .
Remember not to log into your account at any point after that .
There does n’t seem to be any official notice on how long it takes , but unofficial reports say 14 days .
To be on the safe side , you may want to wait a month or more before attempting to login to confirm your account has been deleted .
More information on deleting your Facebook account can be found in their FAQs .
Twitter
Difficulty : 2
In contrast to deleting a Facebook account , deleting a Twitter account is relatively easy .
All you need to do is go into your account settings and click on the “ Deactivate my account ” link at the bottom of the page .
This is a permanent deactivation , though it can take up to a month for your account and information to disappear entirely from their system .
One word of warning , though : if you think you might want to use your email address , username or phone number on Twitter in the future , make sure that you change them prior to deactivating your account .
Whether these things are permanently blocked from Twitter in the future or only temporarily is n’t specified , but it ’s a good idea to change them anyway .
You can find more information on deleting your Twitter account here .
MySpace
Difficulty : 4
Deleting a MySpace account is a bit convoluted , but doable .
You ’ll need to login to your account and then go to the “ My Account ” link , and then select “ Account ” .
Scroll until you see the “ Account Cancellation ” section and click on “ Cancel Account ” .
This is where it gets a little bit complicated .
MySpace will then send you an email with instructions for completing your account cancellation .
Except the email does n’t come right away , and can take a couple of days to show up .
Once you get the email , it asks you for confirmation again that you want to delete your account , but then deletes it immediately .
All of the above works just fine , as long as you still have access to the email address you signed up with .
But as so often happens when we finally decide to clean up our online accounts , some of them may be associated with outdated email or other accounts .
In that case , there are a few alternatives listed by MySpace .
The first one is to edit your profile and replace everything in your “ About Me ” box with “ REMOVE PROFILE ” and then contact MySpace and tell them to delete your profile ( including your friend ID or URL ) .
If that does n’t work ( say , if you ca n’t login to your account at all ) , you can just contact MySpace and ask them to delete the profile .
How quickly they actually do so is n’t specified .
Official instructions for deleting your account can be found here .
LinkedIn
Difficulty : 3
Linked
In makes it quite easy to delete your account , once you know where to look .
Click on “ Settings ” in the upper - right of the screen once you ’re logged into your account , and then select “ Close Your Account ” under “ Personal Information ” .
You ’ll then be prompted for the reason you ’re closing your account , and once confirmed , your account will be deleted .
As far as social networking sites go , Linked In probably has the most straight - forward account closure process .
More details can be found here .
Google
Difficulty : 3
Considering how pervasive Google is in our digital existence , you ’d think deleting your Google account might be incredibly complicated .
After all , many of us use dozens of Google services , and you ’d think each one would require separate deletion .
For the most part , deleting your entire Google account is easy .
There are only a few services that require special consideration .
Of course , with the exception of a couple of services , there ’s no way to delete individual services completely from your Google account .
For example , with Analytics , you can delete each individual site you ’re tracking , but not the Analytics account itself .
To delete your main Google account , login through the Google Accounts homepage .
Then click on “ Edit ” next to “ My Products ” .
From that page , you can delete certain services ( Orkut and Web History ) , as well as delete your entire account by clicking on “ Clear account and delete all services and info associated with it ” .
This will take you to a form where you ’ll need to confirm each of the services you ’ll be deleting .
If you linked your Google account to an existing YouTube account , you ’ll need to delete that account separately .
Then you ’ll need to confirm your password , and check that you do , indeed , want to close your account , and that you know you ’re still responsible for any pending financial transactions associated with your account .
Then confirm , and your account will be deleted .
Certain services , including Google Alerts , Groups , and Docs , are n’t automatically deleted in this way .
To unsubscribe from alerts , you ’ll need to refer back to your original Alerts email ( or from any Alerts email you ’ve since received ) and click the ‘ unsubscribe ’ - link there .
For Groups , you ’ll also need to unsubscribe from each group .
Google Docs leaves shared documents and presentations available to collaborators and viewers .
Spreadsheets , on the other hand , are n’t available to collaborators or viewers once you ’ve deleted your account ( so have a collaborator create a copy of the spreadsheet prior to deleting your account ) .
With shared documents and presentations , you ’ll want to reassign ownership to another user before deleting your account .
Full details on deleting your Google account can be found on the Google ’s Help page “ Deleting : Your Google Account ” .
Ebay
Difficulty : 3
Ebay makes it fairly easy to close your account , though they do impose a waiting period .
All you need to do is make sure your account has a zero balance , and then click the link to request your account be closed on this page .
One caveat : if you think you might want to use your email address for another Ebay account in the future , make sure that you change it prior to deleting your account .
Email addresses and user IDs can not be reused in the future .
Once the waiting period has ended , your account will be deleted and your feedback ratings and other information will no longer be visible .
Whether that information is permanently deleted or stored on a server somewhere ad infinitum is n’t specified .
Wikipedia
Difficulty : Impossible
Wikipedia is one of the few websites out there that does n’t allow you to delete your account .
That ’s right , once you have a Wikipedia account , you have it forever .
There is some hope , though , if you really do n’t want to be associated with it any longer .
In most cases , accounts can be renamed and your user page can be deleted , along with ( in some cases ) your user talk pages .
While this does n’t erase your tracks entirely , it does effectively let you vanish from the site .
Wikipedia ’s reasoning behind this is that all contributions have to be assigned to someone .
They ca n’t have anonymous or orphaned contributions , or it would potentially ruin the crowdsourced and open nature of the site .
Flickr / Yahoo !
Difficulty : 2
Deleting your account on Flickr is relatively easy .
Once you ’ve logged into your account , go to your account settings and click on the “ Personal Information ” tab .
From there , click the link “ Delete your Flickr account ” .
A warning screen will come up that informs you that the deletion is permanent , and that all of your photos and videos will be deleted .
Deleting your entire Yahoo !
account is a separate step .
Log into your account and then go to the account deletion page .
This page explains what happens when you delete your account .
User information is kept on Yahoo ! ’s active servers for 90 days after the deletion has been requested , and may persist in backups beyond that .
Once you ’ve read the information on the page , you have to enter your password , a captcha code and then confirm that you want to delete your account .
One thing to remember : if you ’ve signed up for any Yahoo !
premium services , you may still be billed for those after your account has been terminated , so make sure you cancel those premium services before you delete your account .
Windows Live
Difficulty : 2
Closing your Windows Live account is actually surprisingly easy .
There ’s only a problem if you ’re using that account to access other websites .
If so , you ’ll need to go to each website where you ’re using your Windows Live login credentials and delete your accounts there prior to deleting the Live account itself .
If you do n’t , you wo n’t be able to delete those accounts ( or do anything with them ) once your Live ID is deactivated .
Now , once you ’ve verified that all your accounts linked to your Live ID have been closed , all you need to do is go to your Windows Live account and click on the “ Close your account ” link at the bottom under “ Other Options ” .
This will bring up a page that tells you what happens when your account is closed .
This includes that your registered information will be permanently deleted , that some information might not be deleted ( refer to their privacy statement for details on that ) , and that if you have associated children ’s accounts with that Live ID , they will also be deactivated .
To finish the deletion process , you have to type in your password and click “ Yes ” .
There are reports that at this point you may be told there is a Microsoft email account associated with your account , and that your account can not be closed .
From there , you just need to click on “ Close your Microsoft account ” and then “ Close my account ” .
Stumbleupon
Difficulty : 1
Stumbleupon is one of the easiest web services to delete your account from .
Just go to their delete account page , enter your user ID / nickname and password , and click on “ Delete Account ” .
That ’s it !
Account deletions are permanent , so make sure you really want to delete your account before clicking that “ Delete Account ” button .
Wordpress.com
Difficulty : Impossible
WordPress.com does n’t allow you to delete your account .
Instead , they recommend you simply leave the account inactive .
If you ’re worried about the information you ’ve uploaded to your WordPress.com account , remember you can always delete the information contained in the account ( or replace it with false information ) .
Start by deleting your blogs .
To do that , go to Tools and then “ Delete Site ” .
There ’s an email confirmation step required .
You may want to run an export of your site ’s content first , just so you have a backup in case you ever want to repost or reuse any of it ( or just for posterity ) .
After that , you can replace your email address and other identifying information with alternative information .
More information can be found on this page and this one .
Amazon
Difficulty : 3
Closing your Amazon account requires you to contact their customer service department to request the account to be closed .
This can only be done if you have no pending transactions , so make sure you ’ve either received or cancelled all recent orders .
The email to customer service has to be sent from the email - address associated with your account .
Other than that , they do n’t give any indication of either how long it might take to delete the account or if there are additional confirmation steps involved .
YouTube
Difficulty : 3
If your YouTube account was set up with your Google account login credentials ( as in , you used your Google account to sign up for your YouTube account ) , it ’s automatically deleted when you delete your Google account .
But if you set it up separately from your Google account ( or linked the accounts together after they were both set up , or if you want to keep your Google account ) , you ’ll need to delete it separately .
One thing to note is that deleting your account does not delete your videos or channel , just your profile information .
You ’ll need to delete those prior to deleting your account .
The deletion process is pretty straightforward , though it does have a few more steps than are really necessary .
Log in to your account and then go to “ Manage ” from the drop - down menu under your user name .
Then click on “ Manage Account ” and then “ Delete Account ” .
It will then ask you why you want to delete your account .
Fill that in and then click the “ Delete Account ” button .
YouTube then brings up a window that reminds you that your videos will not be deleted , only your profile .
If you ’ve deleted your videos and channel ( or opted not to ) , then click on “ Delete Account ” one more time .
You then have to confirm one more time .
After that , try logging into your account again to make sure it ’s been deleted .
PayPal
Difficulty : 1
Closing a PayPal account is pretty simple .
Just log in to your account , and then click on your “ Profile ” link .
From there , click on the “ Close Account ” link in the “ Account Information ” column .
You ’ll be prompted to continue from there and then you ’ll need to click the “ Close Account ” button .
You ’ll want to make sure your account is current and that there are no pending transactions , and of course you ’ll want to transfer the positive balance to your bank account .
There are reports that if you delete your PayPal account , it ’s more difficult to get another one in the future ( as in , they require more information of you ) .
Whether this is true or not is unconfirmed .
Why ’s It So Complicated ?
In the case of every service mentioned above , properly deleting your account is a multi-step process .
Some sites are even more difficult .
It ’s not a technical issue , obviously , as programming a functionality to let users delete their own accounts is something most competent developers could do before breakfast .
So why do some sites make it so complicated ?
The answer is user retention .
They do n’t want you to delete your account .
The hope is that if you have the account , you ’ll use it at least occasionally , if for no other reason than curiosity about things you might have missed when you were n’t logged in .
As soon as you delete that account , though , it ’s an out - of - site - out - of - mind kind of thing .
You ’re less likely to sign up for another account if you decided you could live without it once .
Account Deletion Remorse
This is one very valid reason to make it more complicated to delete an account : deletion remorse .
It ’s not uncommon for a user to have a bad day , get angry about something going on within a social network , and decide they ’ve had enough and are getting rid of their account .
Of course , what often happens is that a day or two later they realize how much they loved using that social network , and they wish they could get their account back .
With account deletion policies like those of Facebook ( on which I ’ve witnessed such account deletion remorse first - hand ) , users can just reactivate their account , and have all of their old friends and information right there .
On sites with more immediate deletion policies , that user would likely have to start over entirely .
Should You Use Complicated Account Deletion Processes ?
Considering how many major sites out there have complex methods for deleting accounts , should this be industry standard ?
Should all sites employ these methods to help retain users who ca n’t be bothered to follow a multi-step process ?
Probably not .
There are a few things to consider when deciding whether you want to make it complicated for a user to delete their account .
First of all , if your deletion process is going to be handled by customer service representatives , do you have the manpower to do so ?
If you suddenly have a thousand members who want to delete their accounts , do you have the resources to handle that ?
Do you expect users to regularly delete their accounts just to sign up for a new one a week later ?
If it ’s complicated to delete their account , they may never sign up for another one , not wanting to go through the process again .
Inactive accounts can also eat up your system resources .
Server space can become an issue , especially on very popular sites ( or sites with very low budgets ) .
Plus , it makes maintenance and backups more intensive , since there ’s more data to deal with .
Making it easier for people to delete their accounts if they ’re not using your service can help relieve that load .
The level of complexity for the account deletion process is something that needs to be considered on a site - by - site basis .
In general , the easier the process is , the better ; however , it is important to make sure that users may be having a bad day and make a mistake by closing an account and so they will be happy about getting the account back a couple of days after it was closed .
Making the process way too difficult and time - consuming will turn annoyed customers in angry ones , the ones who will be very likely to spread negative word out there , while annoyed users would probably just close the account and move on , and even maybe come back to the service later .
In either case , one way to minimize your worries about it , though , is to keep your users happy and conduct your site ’s business in a transparent and open way .
( vf )
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Greek public sector workers have stormed the Acropolis and scuffled with riot police after launching a 48 - hour strike against austerity measures .
Their action comes ahead of a nationwide general strike on Wednesday .
The austerity measures were outlined in a draft bill submitted to the Greek parliament and will be voted on by the end of the week .
They have been introduced in return for a 110bn euro ( £ 95 bn ) international rescue package agreed for the country .
The measures include wage freezes , pension cuts and tax rises .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
They aim to achieve fresh budget cuts of 30bn euros over three years , with the goal of cutting Greece 's public deficit to less than 3 % of GDP by 2014 .
It currently stands at 13.6 % .
Union leaders say the cuts target low - income Greeks .
" There are other things the [ government ] can do , before taking money from a pensioner who earns 500 euros ( £ 430 ) a month , " Spyros Papaspyros , leader of the public servants ' union ADEDY , told Greek private television .
Dozens of Communist protesters broke into the ancient Acropolis at dawn , draping giant banners on the Parthenon temple reading : " Peoples of Europe Rise Up . "
" We want to send a message to the farthest reaches of Greece and Europe , " Communist MP Nikos Papaconstantinou said .
" Similar measures that eliminate social security are taken across Europe .
But popular anger will rattle imperialist organisations . "
Silent parade Several thousand teachers and students marched to parliament , carrying black flags and banners .
The demonstration was largely peaceful .
Some protesters handed red roses to riot policemen .
But some scuffles broke out near the parliament building , with demonstrators throwing stones at riot police , who responded with pepper spray .
In other signs of discontent , on Monday a group of teachers forced their way into the main state broadcaster 's studios in Athens to protest about education cuts .
What went wrong in Greece ?
Greece 's economic reforms that led to it abandoning the drachma as its currency in favour of the euro in 2002 made it easier for the country to borrow money .
Greece went on a debt - funded spending spree , including high - profile projects such as the 2004 Athens Olympics , which went well over budget .
It was hit by the downturn , which meant it had to spend more on benefits and received less in taxes .
There were also doubts about the accuracy of its economic statistics .
Greece 's economic problems meant lenders started charging higher interest rates to lend it money and widespread tax evasion also hit the government 's coffers .
There have been demonstrations against the government 's austerity measures to deal with its 300bn euro ( £ 267bn ) debt , such as cuts to public sector pay .
Now the government is having to access a 110bn euro ( £ 95bn ; $ 146.2 bn ) bail - out package from the European Union and International Monetary Fund .
Greece 's problems have made investors nervous , which has made it more expensive for other European countries such as Portugal to borrow money .
BACK {current} of {total} NEXT Also in Athens , some 150 members of the armed forces staged a silent parade to protest at having their bonuses cut .
The EU has agreed to provide 80bn euros ( £ 69 bn ) in funding , while the rest will come from the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) .
The deal is designed to prevent Greece from defaulting on its massive debt .
However , it must first be approved by some parliaments in the 15 other eurozone countries .
Germany 's Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble said private banks were willing to chip in to to Germany 's part of the deal , which is expected to be the largest individual contribution , at about 22 m euros .
In return for the loans , Greece will make major austerity cuts which Prime Minister George Papandreou said involved " great sacrifices " .
Measures include : Scrapping bonus payments for public sector workers
Capping annual holiday bonuses and axing them for higher earners
Banning increases in public sector salaries and pensions for at least three years
Increasing VAT from 21 % to 23 %
Raising taxes on fuel , alcohol and tobacco by 10 %
Taxing illegal construction
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I really love things from home and friends and pictures for my walls and I miss you all !
My address here for the next two years is : Cuerpo de PazCasilla Postal 208 Oficina Serpost SAChiclayo , Lambayeque , Peru
Iran ’s elite Revolutionary Guards are ready to provide a military escort to cargo ships trying to break Israel ’s blockade of Gaza , a representative of Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said Sunday .
“ Iran ’s Revolutionary Guards naval forces are fully prepared to escort the peace and freedom convoys to Gaza with all their powers and capabilities , ” Ali Shirazi , Khamenei ’s representative inside the Revolutionary Guards , was quoted as saying by the semi-official Mehr news agency .
ADVERTISEMENT
Any intervention by the Iranian military would be considered highly provocative by Israel which accuses Iran of supplying weapons to Hamas , the Islamist movement which rules Gaza .
Iran does not recognize the Israeli state and President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has often predicted its imminent demise .
Israel and its ally the United States decline to rule out military action against Iran if it looks like acquiring nuclear arms capability , something Israel sees as a threat to its survival .
Tehran says its nuclear program is for energy generation and medical purposes and calls its nuclear - armed adversaries hypocrites for trying to block its technological progress .
The Iranian state news agency IRNA said Sunday Iran would try to send humanitarian aid to Gaza in ships under an Iranian flag .
It said Iran had decided to ditch previous plans to send its aid in ships flying the flag of another state .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The Iranian humanitarian assistance will include foodstuffs , medicines and medical equipment , ” the head of Iran ’s Red Crescent Society , Abdolraouf Abidzadeh , was quoted as saying .
He gave no more details .
Last Monday Israeli troops killed nine activists on board one ship in a convoy trying to deliver aid to Gaza , sparking international outrage , especially in Muslim countries .
Another ship was boarded Saturday and pro-Palestinian activists have promised more as they challenge the blockade imposed four years ago with the stated aim of stopping arms getting to Hamas .
ADVERTISEMENT
Shirazi said Iran should encourage more international efforts to break the blockade .
“ We should expose our enemies to a spontaneous global action and not let them achieve their heinous goals , ” he said .
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Israel would continue to stop ships reaching the shore and creating “ an Iranian port in Gaza , ” a reference to Iran ’s support for Hamas .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Revolutionary Guards , with their own navy , air force and command structure separate from the regular armed forces , are seen as fiercely loyal to the supreme leader .
“ If the supreme leader issues an order for this then the Revolutionary Guard naval forces will do their best to secure the ships , ” Shirazi said .
“ It is Iran ’s duty to defend the innocent people of Gaza . ”
( Writing by Robin Pomeroy ; Editing by Andrew Dobbie )
ADVERTISEMENT
Mochila insert follows …
Show full PR text
ARM , Freescale , IBM , Samsung , ST - Ericsson and Texas Instruments Form New Company to Speed the Rollout of Linux - Based Devices
Linaro unites industry leaders to foster innovation in the Linux ( R ) community through a common foundation of tools and software
TAIPEI , Taiwan , Jun 02 , 2010 ( BUSINESS WIRE ) -- -- News highlights
-- ARM , Freescale , IBM , Samsung , ST - Ericsson and Texas Instruments have created the not - for - profit company , Linaro , committed to providing new resources and industry alignment for open source software developers using Linux on the world 's most sophisticated semiconductor System - on - Chips ( SoCs ) .
-- Linaro will invest resources in open source projects that can then be used by Linux - based distributions such as Android , LiMo , MeeGo , Ubuntu and webOS .
-- Linaro will provide a stable and optimized base for distributions and developers by creating new releases of optimized tools , kernel and middleware software validated for a wide range of SoCs , every six months .
-- Linaro's base of software and tools will be applicable to a wide range of markets , helping reduce time - to - market for products such as smart phones , tablets , digital televisions , automotive entertainment and enterprise equipment .
-- Linaro 's first software and tools release is due out in November 2010 , and will provide optimizations for the latest range of ARM ( R ) Cortex ( TM ) - A family of processors .
ARM , Freescale Semiconductor , IBM , Samsung , ST - Ericsson and Texas Instruments Incorporated ( TI ) , today announced the formation of Linaro , a not - for - profit open source software engineering company dedicated to enhancing open source innovation for the next wave of always - connected , always - on computing .
Linaro's work will help developers and manufacturers provide consumers with more choice , more responsive devices and more diverse applications on Linux - based systems .
Linaro aligns the expertise of industry - leading electronics companies to accelerate innovation among Linux developers on the most advanced semiconductor SoCs ( System - on - Chip ) .
The current wave of " always - connected , always - on " devices requires complex SoCs to achieve the performance and low power consumers demand .
Linaro was formed to increase investment in open source , address the challenges in developing products for sophisticated consumer markets and provide the support of a broad array of semiconductor products from multiple companies .
By providing the common foundations of tools and software for other distributions and stacks to build upon , Linaro enables greater operational efficiency for the electronics industry .
Background
Traditionally , the Linux and open - source software communities focused on solving the software problems of enterprise and computing markets with a limited choice of processor platforms .
The open source community is transitioning to create advanced Web-centric consumer devices using high profile open source based distributions and a wide range of high - performance , low - power ARM ( R ) - based SoCs .
Linaro will make it easier and quicker to develop advanced products with these high profile distributions by creating software commonality across semiconductor SoCs , from multiple companies .
Consumer Benefits
In addition to providing a focal point for open source software developers , consumers will benefit by the formation of Linaro .
Linaro 's outputs will accelerate the abundance of new consumer products that use Linux - based distributions such as Android , LiMo , MeeGo , Ubuntu and webOS in conjunction with advanced semiconductor SoCs to provide the new features consumers desire at the lowest possible power consumption .
" The dramatic growth of open source software development can now be seen in internet - based , always - connected mobile and consumer products , " said Tom Lantzsch , executive officer , Linaro .
" Linaro will help accelerate this trend further by increasing investment on key open source projects and providing industry alignment with the community to deliver the best Linux - based products for the benefit of the consumer . "
Linaro Software and Tools
Linaro will work with the growing number of Linux distributions to create regular releases of optimized tools and foundation software that can be used widely by the industry , increasing compatibility across semiconductors from multiple suppliers .
As a result , Linaro 's resources and open source solutions will allow device manufacturers to speed up development time , improve performance and reduce engineering time spent on non-differentiating , low - level software .
Linux distributions , open source and proprietary software projects will benefit from Linaro 's investment , with more stable code becoming widely available as a common base for innovation .
To further its mission , Linaro aims to unite the open source engineering resources within its member firms with the broad open source community .
Linaro engineers , leveraging their extensive embedded knowledge , will contribute to a wide range of open source projects covering areas such as tools , kernel , graphics and boot code .
Linaro intends to work in partnership with the Linux Foundation to align on core operating principles .
The company 's first release is planned for November 2010 and will provide performance optimizations for SoCs based on the ARM Cortex ( TM ) - A processor family .
In addition to ARM and IBM , four of the world 's leading application processor companies , Freescale , Samsung , ST - Ericsson and Texas Instruments , will align open source engineering efforts within Linaro .
Linaro is a growing organization with additional partners expected to join , thus expanding the range of expertise that is brought to the open source community .
Companies interested in joining are invited to discuss membership with Linaro executives .
For more information on the company and future access to software and tools , visit www.linaro.org
Founding Member quotes
" ARM and our partners have a long history of working with , and supporting , open source software development for complex SoCs based on the ARM architecture , " said Warren East , ARM CEO .
" As a founding member of Linaro , we are working together with the broader open source community to accelerate innovation for the next generation of computing , focusing on delivering a rich connected experience across the diversity of devices in our daily lives . "
" Freescale is taking a leadership position in shaping the future of consumer electronics by enabling entirely new categories of smart mobile devices based on processors , " said Lisa Su , senior vice president and general manager of Freescale 's Networking and Multimedia Group .
" Linaro represents an important step forward in developing the ecosystem for these smart mobile devices through dramatically speeding and simplifying software development cycles and leveraging the power and strength of the open source community . "
" IBM believes that leadership with Linux solutions begins with effective collaboration in the community , and IBM 's ten year history of working with the Linux community has resulted in a strong , mutually beneficial relationship , " said Daniel Frye , vice president , open systems development , IBM .
" IBM 's ongoing collaboration has contributed to the widespread adoption of Linux throughout the data center .
We are strong proponents of working with partners such as ARM to further our commitment , ensuring Embedded Linux is the leading platform for innovation in the mobile and consumer electronics markets . "
" Samsung is an industry leader in high performance , low power application processors for mobile handset and other consumer devices .
We fully appreciate the significance of having an optimized Linux software foundation and tools for our ARM CPU core base products , to support our customers ' needs with high quality solutions , " said Yiwan Wong , vice president , System LSI marketing , Samsung Electronics .
" We are pleased to join Linaro as a foundation member and work together with ARM to serve the interests of our customers . "
" Open source has become an engine for innovation in the smart phone and consumer electronics market , " said Teppo Hemia , vice president , 3G Multimedia Platforms Business Unit of ST - Ericsson . "
Being an active contributor in the open source community , we are excited to be one of the founding members of Linaro and expect our combined efforts to accelerate the development of Linux - based devices . "
" Linaro is intently focused on delivering critical open source components to enable developers building on ARM - based processors .
An important element of that delivery is a more complete , higher quality development toolset that increases performance .
In our leadership role , TI will support Linaro 's efforts by leveraging our open source expertise -- evidenced by our participation in Linux kernel enhancement submissions and our support of popular industry development boards , " said Remi El - Ouazzane , vice president and general manager , OMAP Platform Business Unit , TI .
Industry quotes
" The existence of Linaro will significantly simplify the process of making Linux - based consumer devices available to market , " said Jane Silber , CEO of Canonical .
" By standardising many of the core software components , companies can focus on creating great user experiences on embedded devices through to smart phones .
Canonical is delighted to participate in what will be a significant driver of the success of Linux on ARM , in the consumer electronics market . "
" We welcome the launch of Linaro as a new industry organisation with similar values and a complementary focus to LiMo Foundation , " said Morgan Gillis , executive director of LiMo Foundation .
" We look forward to working collaboratively with Linaro to deliver greater efficiency within the mobile Linux value system . "
" The Linux Foundation is happy to see ARM and Linaro increase their investment in Linux , " said Jim Zemlin , executive director of The Linux Foundation .
" We are supportive of any investment that contributes to the mainline kernel and the many upstream open source projects that make up Linux based operating systems today . "
About Linaro
Linaro ( TM ) is a Not - For - Profit ( NFP ) software engineering company that works with the open source community to make it easier and faster to develop open source based devices .
Linaro has the aim of investing new resources and aligning efforts from the industry to continuously improve and optimize open source software and tools on the ARM architecture with the goal of accelerating industry innovation .
www.linaro.org
Linux( R ) is the registered trademark of Linus Torvalds in the U.S. and other countries .
Our firm focuses on trusts , estates , probate matters and elder law issues .
Because our practice is centered on just these areas , we can provide in - depth counsel for clients of all ages .
A well - prepared estate plan will provide for your wishes to be communicated after you are gone and just as importantly , addresses your plans for your medical treatment while you are alive in case you are no longer able to speak for yourself .
If you are still raising your children – or you just started your family – your estate plan becomes a critical instrument to convey your wishes for their care and provide for their financial needs if you are suddenly incapacitated .
Estate plans save your family from unnecessary stress , confusion and court expenses while you are still here and when you are gone .
Working with an experienced estate planning lawyer can also ease your burden when your loved one passes away , or you find yourself with the trustee responsibilities .
Administration of trusts and estates can be complicated .
A trustee is charged with multifaceted fiduciary duties .
We will guide you through the process of probate , working to maintain maximum estate assets .
When disagreements arise , we provide a full spectrum of services from negotiation to litigation for trust or probate disputes .
[ Do n't forget to click to enlarge ]
#
It 's a bit late , but I wonder whether the president is prepared yet to admit that the great Bipartisan Project , the determination to lower the noise level and usher in a new era of formerly rancorous disputants sitting at the table listening respectfully to one another -- that all of that , um , .
As regular readers know , I 've attempted a number of times to peek inside his head to try to figure out whatthinks his plan is , but even given this most charitable interpretation , can we acknowledge that
Labels : Barack Obama , bipartisanship , Tom Tomorrow
– Perfect Timing : Goldman Sachs Set to Pay £ 3.5 Billion in Bonuses For Just 3 Months ’ Work ! ( Times )
Goldman Sachs has been drawn into a fresh controversy as lawyers demand to know whether it was partly responsible for triggering Lehman Brothers ’ downfall by shorting its rival ’s shares .
Goldman has filed 8 m documents with the SEC in relation to the investigation Photo : AP
The Wall Street behemoth is already being investigated by a number of financial regulators around the world in addition to the US Securities and Exchange Commission ’s fraud charges over derivatives mis-selling .
It has now been named in a court filing seeking information about short - selling Lehman shares .
Goldman has been subpoenaed to hand over documents to Lehman ’s Bryan Marsal , the man responsible for winding up the bank ’s affairs and repaying creditors .
Goldman was named in the court filing along with four other firms , including hedge funds SAC Capital and Citadel .
Goldman declined to comment on the Lehman case .
In a further potential legal case , it emerged that AIG is considering suing Goldman over about $ 2bn ( £ 1.3 bn ) of losses it incurred from past derivatives instruments .
The troubled insurer is understood to be considering action as a result of protection it was forced to pay to buyers of credit - default swaps when collateralised debt obligations ( CDOs ) in Goldman ’s Abacus programme lost their value .
The new worries came as Goldman hit back against the SEC ’s charges , which it said are “ completely unfounded both in law and fact ” .
Questions were last night being asked as to why the bank had not publicly disclosed the regulator ’s probe .
It is understood Goldman was first contacted by the US financial watchdog over its examination of mis-selling in the mortgage - backed securities industry two years ago , and that it received what is known as a “ Wells Notice ” – an intention to file charges – as early as July last year .
Goldman has filed 8 m documents with the SEC in relation to the investigation , and five of its staff were interviewed as part of an exchange which saw the bank attempt to defend its point of view .
Lloyd Blankfein , the bank ’s chairman , has been attempting to boost staff morale ahead of today ’s first - quarter results , which are expected to show a profit of as much as $ 3.8 bn .
“ The extensive media coverage on the SEC ’s complaint is certainly uncomfortable , but given the anger directed at financial services , not completely surprising , ” he said in one voicemail left on an employee ’s phone .
Fabrice
Tourre , the bond trader at the heart of the SEC ’s probe , has begun an undetermined period of absence .
The bank maintained that while he has done “ nothing wrong ” and remains an employee , he had made a “ personal decision to take a bit of time off ” .
President Barack Obama is to make a landmark speech on financial regulatory reform which is expected to draw on Goldman ’s current problems .
Both BaFin , the German regulator , and the European Union are looking into the situation .
By James Quinn , US Business Editor
Published : 6:00 AM BST 20 Apr 2010
Source : The Telegraph
This is how ‘ doing God ’s work ‘ looks like :
– SEC Accuses Goldman Sachs of Civil Fraud
– Looting Main Street :
How the nation ’s biggest banks are ripping off American cities with the same predatory deals that brought down Greece
– Goldman Sachs Squeezes Hedge Funds in $ 110 Billion ‘ Collateral Arbitrage ’
– Goldman Sucks
– Banksters Bet Greece Defaults on Debt They Helped Hide
– Secret AIG Document Shows That Goldman Sachs Minted Most Toxic CDOs
– Here Comes The Next Bubble : Carbon Trading
– Greek Debt Crisis : How Goldman Sachs Helped Greece to Mask its True Debt
– The CDS Puppetmaster Behind It All And The Ever Increasing Parallels Between AIG And Greece
– The Illuminati Banksters : JPMorgan vs. Goldman Sachs
– Secret Banking Cabal Emerges From AIG
Shadows
– America ’s Impending Master Class Dictatorship !
– Ron Paul on FOX NEWS : Wall Street Bailout FRAUD
– The No.1 Trend Forecaster Gerald Celente : Financial Mafia Controlling US and Wall Street
– How Goldman Sachs Made Tens Of Billions From The Economic Collapse Of America In Four Easy Steps
– Goldman Sachs : Investors Could Only Lose in Offshore Deals
– Goldman Sachs : Betting Against All of Us
– Chinese firm says wo n’t pay Goldman Sachs on options losses !
– Goldman Sachs Banksters Arming Themselves With Pistols Against Public
– Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein : I ’m doing ‘ God ’s work ’
– Wall Street Banksters To Pay $ 30 Billion Record Bonuses
In 2009
– Absolute Perfection : Goldman Sachs Loses Money On Just One Trading Day In Q3
– Goldman Sachs : Trading Perfection And Statistical Improbabilities
– Goldman Sachs Takes On New Role : Taking Away People ’s Homes
– CIT Bankruptcy Filing Expected in Days ; $ 2.3 Billion Taxpayer Money to Be Wiped Out ; Goldman Sachs Receives $ 285 Million In Termination Fees
– New York Fed ’s Secret Choice to Pay for AIG Swaps Squandered Billions of Taxpayer Money :
… and remember who got the bailout money back then :
– AIG Discloses Counterparties as Obama , Cuomo Assail Bonuses :
This time the bailout money from the U.S. taxpayer went to :
Goldman Sachs led beneficiaries , with $ 12.9 billion , followed by SocGen , France ’s No. 3 bank , with $ 11.9 billion , and Deutsche Bank , Germany ’s biggest lender , with $ 11.8 billion .
Barclays Plc received $ 8.5 billion from AIG , Merrill Lynch & Co. got $ 6.8 billion , Bank of America Corp. got $ 5.2 billion and UBS AG got $ 5 billion .
– US taxpayers pay Goldman Sachs for Swaps on Nonexistent Bonds
– The Goldman Sachs Bankster Casino – Where The Hell Is The Outrage ?
– US : Utah approved a $ 27.3 million incentive package to keep Goldman Sachs , bringing the total amount to $ 47.3 million
– On the Edge with Max Keiser ( 09/04/09 ) : The Banksters have free reign in America
– Goldman Sachs Loses Grip on Its Doomsday Machine
– Goldman Sachs Code Theft BOMBSHELL ?
– Goldman Sachs Market Manipulation Dominance at Risk by Theft
– New Secrecy Rule Lets Goldman Sachs Control Stock Prices Unmolested by Public Scrutiny
– Goldman Sachs hires law firm to shut blogger ’s site
A prestigious pig cook - off at the Governor Hotel Sunday night was followed by at least two head buttings and a fist - fight outside an Old Town strip joint .
Portland police were called to break up the rumble , which sent a renowned chef and the event 's organizer to jail after one had been pepper - sprayed and the other shot with a taser .
And it was all over a pig .
Eric Bechard , the heralded young chef behind Thistle in McMinnville , confronted Brady Lowe , the Atlanta - based organizer of Cochon 555 , around 2 a.m. , angrily denouncing his event for giving top marks to pork raised in Iowa .
" People need to support Oregon farmers and local business , " Bechard told the Portland police officer who arrested him .
He added that he thought it was " messed up " that the culinary show " would have guests from San Francisco and that a pig was brought all the way in from Iowa . "
Lowe , who said he had a concussion and a fractured leg , was getting ready Tuesday to pick up a dressed pig from Sweet Briar Farms in Eugene for the next Cochon 555 scheduled Sunday in Seattle .
The promoter of heritage pork – antique breeds raised on small farms for epicures -- said the ruckus took the focus off good food , which was the point of the event .
" It 's sad to the see a celebration for heritage pork get upstaged by the actions of a local hooligan .
There 's no place in the true chef community for someone like that . "
Besides , Lowe said the event in Portland featured three pigs from Oregon , one from Kansas and one from Iowa .
Judges and the 400 participants who paid up to $ 175 to attend voted on the outcome of the cooking competition .
Bechard was not one of the five chefs to compete and in fact , had not heard of the event before a week ago .
He said he is n't the only chef to find the whole idea distasteful .
" We as Oregonians pride ourselves on sustainable and local , so to be in a room full of those people , who then voted for this Iowa pig , it was disappointing . "
Bechard , whose restaurant was mentioned in the New York Times last month , first made his mark in the Portland dining scene as chef at the now - closed Alberta Street Oyster Bar .
He was noted as a rising star among the new breed of young chefs emphasizing locally grown food .
At Thistle , Bechard prides himself on sourcing all of his ingredients from Yamhill County .
Lowe takes his road show to 10 cities in what is billed as a friendly competition between the best local chefs .
Five competitors are paired with whole pigs and charged with making dishes from the entire animal .
Sunday night , Jason Barwikowski , head chef of the Portland restaurant Olympic Provisions , won the title Prince of Porc , using a red wattle pig raised on Koerperich Farm in Iowa .
The trouble began around 9:30 p.m. when the party moved to Davis Street Tavern in Old Town .
Witnesses said Bechard elbowed and then head - butted Craig Hedstrom , sales manager for Elk Cove Vineyards , one of the wineries participating in the earlier event .
Hedstrom said former chef Tom Hurley , who happened to be at the bar that night , stepped in to escort Bechard out of the bar .
Blake Smith , owner of the bar , told police that Bechard was visibly intoxicated when he first arrived and threatened him when he was asked to leave .
After the tavern closed , Bechard , Lowe and others ended up at the Magic Gardens strip club a few blocks away .
Shortly before 2 a.m. , police were called to break up a fight outside the club at 217 N.W. Fourth St. Witnesses said Bechard started shoving Lowe and then was throwing punches , with the two ending up on the ground .
One witness quoted Bechard as saying , " Food does n't come from San Francisco , food comes from Portland . "
At least seven officers were called to the fight which ended with Lowe getting tased and Bechard being pepper - sprayed .
Bechard was charged with disorderly conduct , harassment and interfering with a police officer .
Lowe was charged with disorderly conduct and interfering with a police officer .
The Multnomah County District Attorney 's office declined to prosecute and dropped the charges .
Jason French , owner of Ned Ludd , a Portland restaurant that also emphasizes all local food , said if anything he blames the melee on chefs , egos and lots of alcohol .
" If there 's any question why things go down , you do n't have to look past the amount of wine and booze flowin , " he said .
" It was a fun event that went bummer . "
As for Lowe , he said he plans to return next year .
" I love Portland , " Lowe said .
" I do n't think this chef should give the city a black eye .
--
While the possibility of a spill - tested but presently ignored solution to the unfolding environmental mess is very intriguing , I was equally drawn to the fact that , if the story were true , Saudi Aramco had managed to keep this massive spill and its mostly - successful remediation a secret for over sixteen years .
Not unexpectedly , Saudi Aramco has denied that this spill took place .
Who is telling the truth ?
A mishap during the loading of an oil tanker off Saudi Arabia in 1993 initiated a cascading disaster , resulting in what was the largest offshore oil spill ever , but the oil was mostly recovered by deploying supertankers to vacuum up the spill .
This is the story told by a former Saudi Aramco engineer in concert with his efforts to convince BP and the U.S. Coast Guard to consider this approach for cleaning up the recent oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
Background : The Oils of War
The Arabian ( or Persian ) Gulf is not one of the more pristine bodies of water , given that it is the conduit for a good chunk of the world 's oil and is perforated at its rather shallow bottom with hundreds of wells .
But what is currently believed to be the largest spill happened not as a result of an accident , but rather as war strategy .
On January 16 , 1991 , Allied forces began bombing Iraq in preparation for the military reconquest of Kuwait .
About 2 - 3 days later , Iraq began releasing oil from the Kuwait Sea Island terminal into the Arabian ( Persian ) Gulf .
This spill was later augmented by oil from other sources including tankers and refineries .
The oil flowed for about 10 days , and although the total amount of oil spilled is not precisely known , and EPA estimate of 6 million barrels makes this the largest oil spill on record , surpassing the 3.5 million barrels Ixtoc Gulf of Mexico spill in 1980 .
Given the direction of water flow in the Arabian Gulf , the shores of Saudi Arabia bore the brunt of the spill :
The largest oil spill in the history of the Gulf hit 700 kilometers ( 435 mi ) of Saudi Arabia ’s coastline during the 1991 Gulf War .
As it drifted south , the oil sank into wet sands and formed layers of tar that poisoned the breeding grounds of fish and crustaceans .
Teams from Saudi Aramco worked around the clock to protect vital water - intake channels used for power generation , desalination and injection , and they recovered more than 1.2 million barrels of oil — the largest amount ever collected from a spill — thus sparing hundreds of kilometers of beaches and intertidal areas .
Years later , the environmental effects were still being assessed all over the Gulf .
Studies continued for many years , many scientific papers were published , and oil companies developed emergency spill response plans to handle such situations .
But according to one report , an even bigger spill happened sometime in 1993 , but nobody told anybody who was still fretting over the previous largest spill .
Déjà vu , Oil Over Again
In Esquire Magazine 's The Politics Blog , former Shell Oil President John Hofmeister was being interviewed by writer Mark Warren about BP 's response to the current crisis when he said this :
JH : The work going on to close the well is taking multiple approaches , and I am aware that BP has sent out a message to all the oil companies asking for help and advice .
And I actually sent some people to BP in terms of the spill response cleanup to try to get them aware of a process that has been used in the Arabian Gulf that has not been used in the Gulf of Mexico , and that is to use supertankers , empty supertankers , to suck up the oil off the surface , where they can store the oil , they can treat the water , they can discharge the water and then they can either salvage the oil or destroy it , as the case may be .
And I know the mayor of New Orleans and a few other officials are now asking BP about that process as a result of these engineers coming forward from Saudi Aramco .
ES : When did that spill happen , John ?
JH : I do n't actually know , but it was sometime back , there was a huge , huge spill that never got reported , because they do n't have an open press , obviously ...
But I was told it was a 700 - million - gallon spill .
ESQ : That would be the biggest , right ?
JH :
That would be the biggest the world has ever known .
And they used six supertankers to clean up the oil and were very successful .
We 'd do well to get supertankers in the Gulf .
Hofmeister learned of the Saudi spill during the recent Offshore Technology Conference in Houston in a conversation with Nick Pozzi , who was employed by Saudi Aramco and had first hand knowledge of the cleanup ( although not the incident itself ) .
Pozzi and his current business partner , attorney Jon King , have been trying to persuade BP to consider the strategy that seemingly worked on a much larger spill in 1993 .
Warren next contacted Pozzi and King and they gave further details of the Saudi spill and cleanup effort .
The primary equipment that was used to remove the crude from the Arabian Gulf was Super Tankers .
The Super Tankers were used to store everything , run thru on - shore three - phase separators and sent to on - shore tank farms for additional clean up using centrifuges .
The more the oil spreads the more tankers will be needed .
Nick would be willing to provide a conceptual non-technical drawing to visualize this process .
Also at the above link is video from the NBC Today show with an interview of Hofmeister .
Oil Port 1993
The thought of six supertankers meandering around slurping up oil like whales feeding on krill invokes wonder .
Further details on the incident itself are revealed in a story from AOLNews :
The 1993 Persian Gulf spill , Pozzi says , began when Aramco was loading a tanker and " the umbilical cord got away . "
Oil started spewing from the pumps .
Panicked , a line of tankers waiting to be filled began hightailing away from the flammable spray .
Massive ships maneuvered in tight quarters .
It was chaos .
Because of a confidentiality agreement with Aramco , Pozzi wo n't describe exactly what happened next , except to say that " there were [ then ] other mishaps causing other oil to spill . "
" The order of magnitude rose exponentially due to the panic level , " he says .
The Politics Blog also had this :
The suck - and - salvage technique was developed in desperation across the Arabian Gulf following a spill of mammoth proportions — 700 million gallons — that has until now gone unreported , as Saudi Arabia is a closed society , and its oil company , Saudi Aramco , remains owned by the House of Saud .
But in 1993 and into ' 94 , with four leaking tankers and two gushing wells , the royal family had an environmental disaster nearly sixty - five times the size of Exxon Valdez on its hands , and it desperately needed a solution .
To recap the sequence of events , what we have so far is :
A tanker is loading crude while several ( at least three ) additional tankers are waiting in line The " umbilical cord " feeding the tanker is dislodged , spewing crude oil into the water
The tankers begin scrambling to move away from the oil
In the ensuing panic , four tankers end up leaking oil and two wells are somehow uncorked .
700 million gallons of oil is eventually spilled , with 85 % of it collected over six months using supertankers as giant wet / dry vacuums .
Oil is offloaded to onshore gas oil separation plants .
Assuming these details are accurate , the following questions come to mind :
When did the spill happen ?
Where could this spill have happened ?
Could that much have been spilled ?
Where did the tankers used to collect the oil come from ?
How would the oil be separated from the water ?
Is there any evidence of such a spill ?
Alternately , all or part of the story could be fiction .
Indeed , after several weeks , Saudi Aramco finally issued a flat denial .
Dhahran , June 22 , 2010 -- Saudi Aramco unequivocally refutes allegations reported in several news media and Internet blogs about an alleged " secret " oil spill during 1993 in the Arabian Gulf .
The Company states that there is no factual basis to those allegations , and there was no such event or incident as alleged concerning its operations in 1993 , 1994 , or at any other time .
Saudi Aramco confirms that it participated in oil spill cleanup activities and operations in early 1991 during the Gulf Conflict .
Under the leadership of Saudi Arabia ’s government , the Company , together with various agencies , undertook oil spill cleanup operations lasting for about six months until July 1991 .
The Company ’s response to the 1991 oil spill was carried out with the technologies and best practices available at that time , such as portable skimmers and containment booms .
Although the company utilized a number of work and supply boats , Saudi Aramco wishes to clarify that no supertankers were used during the 1991 spill cleanup operations .
The concept of utilizing supertankers to collect large quantities of spilled oil was never pursued .
The Company has made reports available to several news media outlets about Saudi Aramco ’s involvement in the 1991 spill cleanup .
One of the reports was published in Saudi Aramco ’s Dimensions Magazine Fall 1996 edition and can be viewed at http://www.saudiaramco.com/irj/go/km/docs/SaudiAramcoPublic/ExternalFile...
The Company also confirms that Mr. Nicholas Pozzi is a former employee and worked as a foreman in Saudi Aramco ’s East - West Pipeline Department .
However , he made no significant contribution to the Company ’s spill preparedness or response teams during his employment or at any other time .
The claims made about his alleged efforts at a 1993 oil spill response operation are without factual basis .
This seems rather unambiguous .
Some might remain skeptical , however , as having to own up to this after so many years would be embarrassing .
Would they lie ?
The Motivation for Secrecy
Trying to understand the need for Saudi Aramco to keep such an incident secret is probably no easier than understanding their need to keep their oil production data secret .
In my articles on various Saudi projects , I have noted several cases where they have clearly been less than forthcoming :
The Oil Drum
Satellite o'er the Desert
Many observers are skeptical about Saudi oil reserves claims as well as the status and oil production level of Ghawar , the world 's largest oil field .
While there are valid arguments to be made for more transparency , Saudi Aramco can also make valid claims of the need for secrets ( for security reasons if nothing else ) .
But an oil spill which could impact other counties coastlines ( not to mention its ability to deliver oil to customers ) would seem to fall into a different category .
The coastline of Saudi Arabia suffered the most from the 1990 spill during the Gulf War :
The Gulf War Oil Spill Twelve Years Later : Consequences of Eco-Terrorism
What Happened To The GULF : Two Years After The World 's Greatest Oil - Slick
On one hand , Saudi Aramco has allowed the documentation of many field - related problems in Society of Professional Engineers ( SPE ) publications .
Indeed , Matt Simmons wrote Twilight in the Desert based on an analysis of many such papers .
But there is also a curious , almost amateur , approach to the censuring of the papers of name and place data .
Nevertheless , information eventually leaks out in some form .
A concealment of this magnitude would seem to require a more foolproof approach and motivation .
On the other hand , Saudi Aramco does n't really admit to any oil spills .
From The Tankership Tromedy :
You can see that most of the CTX transfer spills are at the discharge port ( activity codes L and d ) .
I would not make much of this .
Most load ports are in countries which , whether they are strict or lax , do n’t make spills public .
The CTX database has no spills at Ras Tanura / Juaymah by far the largest tanker load port in terms of volume .
This port loads half - a- dozen big tankers a day .
Based on my experience , I ’d be surprised if this port averaged less than one spill a week , almost all of them quite small .
Checking Out the Story
Despite the rather emphatic denial by Saudi Aramco , I will look into the possibility of the spill , partly because some of you wo n't believe them , but also because it 's fun .
Back to the questions raised earlier :
1 ) When did the spill happen ?
The account says the cleanup occurred from 1993 into 1994 , spanning six months , so the spill would have happened in summer 1993 .
2 ) Where could this spill have happened ?
( This will take a bit longer to cover )
Most Saudi Arabian crude oil is loaded onto tankers at one of four separate locations :
The main oil export terminal at Ras Tanura , the Al Juaymah offshore terminal about 20 miles northwest of Ras Tanura , a similar but smaller offshore terminal in the offshore Zuluf oil field , and the Yanbu terminal on the Red Sea ( via pipeline ) , Below is a map showing the location of Ras Tanura along with those for the major Saudi offshore fields .
Major Saudi Arabian Offshore Oil Fields .
Oil export terminals are indicated with reddish dots .
The largest oil exporting terminal in the world is located on the Ras Tanura peninsula and is capable of loading over 5 million barrels of oil per day onto tankers moored on one of two T - shaped terminals ( small vessels only ) or on one of a cluster of four Sea Islands located offshore in deeper water .
The limit for tankers berthed at the Sea Islands is 550,000 dwt ( dead - weight tons ) .
Shown below is a satellite image of Ras Tanura seen in Google Earth ( this image and those further below copyright Google and Friends ) .
Ras Tanura Oil Terminal , the world 's largest .
Below is a closeup of a tanker being loaded at one of the Sea Islands .
Oil is delivered to the islands via underwater pipeline and pumped into the tankers via several Chiksan loading arms , or articulated steel pipes .
Tanker loading at Ras Tanura Sea Island .
Here is a video of a Chiksan gasoline loading operation gone awry .
The Al Juaymah Offshore Terminal is located to the northwest of Ras Tanura , just east of the Qatif oil field as shown below .
The Qatif field lies both on and off shore , with several offshore platforms positioned to drill and maintain offshore wells .
Oil is loaded onto tankers from Single Point Moorings ( SPMs ) anchored in deeper water such that larger ships can be handled ( up to 700,000 dwt ) .
It has been in operation since 1974 .
The Al Juaymah complex also includes a pier from which liquified natural gas ( LNG ) is loaded onto ships .
Al Juaymah Offshore Oil Terminal ( Single Point Moorings )
Oil is similarly delivered from shore in underwater pipeline to a platform , distributed to the SPMs and then transferred to the tanker via large flexible hoses connecting them to the SPM .
There are six SPMs at Al Juaymah , which can theoretically output six million barrels per day and has been in operation as early as the 1970s .
In a 2005 Google Earth satellite image , I can only find two SPMs , although others might be present in low resolution images .
Two tankers ( separated by one mile ) loading at Al Juaymah Single Point Moorings in 2005 .
These tankers are each just over 1000 feet in length .
Shown below is a closeup of the darker tanker from above receiving oil .
There are two " hoses " attached to this tanker , whereas there are three attached to the other .
Tanker loading at Al Juaymah Single Point Mooring .
I have n't found anything recent on loading rates , although SPE 4013 - MS suggests that each ( in the late 1970s ) was designed for a flow of at 130,000 barrels per hour but averaged only half that in practice .
The operational principle is that ships can rotate independently around the SPMs , orienting themselves to minimize crosswinds ( the two tankers are pointing northwest , which is the direction that the wind normally comes from : down the Saudi shore ) .
The Louisiana Offshore Oil Port ( LOOP ) in the Gulf of Mexico operates in the same way as Al Juaymah , albeit in reverse ( oil is pumped out of the tankers ) .
Finally , the terminal at the Zuluf field , which reportedly ships oil from the Zuluf and Marjan fields , has only a single SPM .
Unfortunately , there are no high resolution images available from Google Earth that might show whether this is still operational , and I have n't found any historical information , either .
3 ) Could that much have been spilled ?
700 million gallons is a lot of oil .
There were reportedly three sources :
- Oil from the terminal ( " unbilical cord " )
- Oil from leaking tanker (s )
- Oil from two " gushing " wells , damaged during the melee
The initial spill was from the supply hoses connected to the tanker being loaded .
As seen in the video linked above of a Chiksan loader spewing gasoline , the flow rates can be quite high .
This paper discusses tanker loading rates at the Al Juaymah terminal .
In case of an accident , a lot of oil can flow in the near term , but there are many ways in which the flow could be stopped , from shutting valves to turning off pumps to just letting the storage tank run out .
The amount spilled might be enough to incite immediate panic , but nothing approaching 700 million gallons .
The largest tankers can hold about 2 million barrels , or 84 million gallons .
Four such supertankers leaking out all their oil would yield 336 million gallons .
Now we 're getting somewhere .
However , with the exception of the one actually being loaded , the tankers were waiting to be loaded ; i.e. they were empty of oil .
Beyond that , it would seem that the only way the first tanker could have spilled a ship full of oil is if it was a ) filled nearly full , and then b ) sank .
This leaves the oil wells .
The only realistic scenario would be for a tanker colliding with a platform connected to two or more wells .
A problem is identifying platforms that could have actually been involved .
There are no wells ( or offshore platforms ) near Ras Tanura .
In contrast , as seen in a map from earlier , there are a few platforms near the Al Jumayah moorings ( at least there are now -- Qatif was reworked in 2004 , so those platforms might not have been there ) .
However , the nearest of these are for water injectors .
The water gets increasingly shallow further into the field ( 20 feet deep ) , so it is not clear that tankers would have been able to get there .
This leaves only the Zuluf terminal as the only location consistent with the leaking well scenario .
Let 's do a simple calculation and assume that of the 700 million gallons ( around 17 million barrels ) 2 million leaked from the ship(s ) and terminal , and that the remaining 15 million barrels flowed out at a constant rate from two wells for six months .
This translates to over 40 thousand barrels per day per well .
Now , a deepwater GOM well might do this due to the much higher pressure , but the reservoir pressures for offshore Saudi fields do not support this kind of rate , and certainly not for an extended period of time .
Early Ghawar wells flowed at perhaps a third to a fourth of that .
And the fields that could have been involved , Zuluf and Qatif , were not very productive in 1993 ; Qatif was essentially dead , and was shut down completely from 1995 until it was reworked ( in 2004 ) .
Worse yet , the assumption of a constant flow over six months is not realistic , so it would have to be much higher at first .
The reservoir pressures involved ( ~3000 psi ) would not support this flow .
It does not seem at all possible to spill as much oil as in the described scenario .
The other side of this question is whether they could have collected 85 % of it .
This is rather doubtful as well , regardless of the amount of oil , because more than 15 % would probably have evaporated in the hot summer .
4 ) Where did the tankers used to collect the oil come from ?
Saudi Arabia has ( and had ) it 's own fleet of tankers .
Vela International Marine Ltd. is a fully - owned subsidiary of Saudi Aramco based in Dubai .
In 1992 , Vela had just expanded it 's capacity by purchasing four used tankers , giving it eight .
In addition , a 1993 merger with the Saudi Arabian Marketing and Refining Company ( SAMAREC ) gave it access to four medium range product tankers .
5 ) How would the oil be separated from the water ?
In normal operations , a mixture of oil , gas and water flowing from the wells and then through pipelines is separated out in Gas Oil Separation Plants .
This is conceptually a simple process , but is rather complicated when undertaken at the rate necessary to handle the volumes coming from the wells .
Saudi GOSPs are usually not designed to handle high water cuts .
In north Ghawar , new wells were drilled to add new dry oil production to mix with that from existing high - water - cut wells so as to avoid building more GOSP capacity .
There was likely limited spare GOSP capacity at that time , as Saudi production was fully ramped up after being throttled back in the late 1980s .
Getting oil from the tankers to GOSPs on shore would not have been easy , either .
6 ) Is there any evidence of such a spill ?
It 's not enough to say that they could keep the spill a secret because they are a " closed society " .
The Gulf has a lot of ship traffic , both to the main oil ports as well as near to the Zuluf field .
A spill near populated areas would be especially difficult to conceal .
The immediate situation was reportedly chaotic , and the oil cleanup operation proceeded for six months and beyond .
It is hard to envision how , if this occurred near Ras Tanura , that this could have escaped notice by people not completely within the Saudi Aramco cone of silence .
Al Juaymah is far enough offshore that cleanup operations might be more inconspicuous .
A big problem would be that dangerous fumes from Qatif wells ( very high sulfur content ) would have required public safety measures that would not have gone unnoticed .
Summer 1993 was just a few years after the Gulf War Spill .
There were many studies undertaken subsequent to that by international research institutions .
Water and sediment samples were taken in many locations around the Gulf , including near the possible spill sites during the time in question .
There are no reports of any unusual results suggesting a new flow of oil .
A study involving tar ball collection on the Qatari coastline showed hints of some increased activity , but the noise is rather high and the time correlation a bit loose :
Tar ball accumulation on the Qatari coast , from [ ref ] .
Note : data arbitrarily offset for clarity .
I did find one internet reference to a possible spill in 1993 .
At an oil spill workshop and exercise ( date unknown ) , a manager for Bapco , the Bahraini national oil company , said something interesting :
Mr. Al - Ansari addressed the participants in the closing ceremony and stressed the importance of time when responding to oil spills .
He added that when he was Incident Commander in 1993 a large oil spill hit Jeddah Island and if the response then had been five hours sooner , 45 % of the overall costs associated with responding to the oil spill would have been saved .
Jeddah is a small island located between Saudi Arabia and Bahrain , looking something like a posh retreat .
It remains to be explained what qualifies as a " large oil spill " , but it is something .
Given Bahrain 's close relationship with the rulers of Saudi Arabia , it 's likely that no official protest was lodged .
Given the above , it is likely that an oil spill occurred in the Arabian Gulf in 1993 .
Would the effects from a massive spill be expected to be more pronounced ?
In 1980 , a blowout at an offshore well in Saudi Aramco 's Hasbah field spewed oil for 8 days , for a total of 100,000 barrels .
However , the Qatari coastline was affected for months .
Hasbah is located southeast of the Zuluf field .
Even though it was claimed that 85 % of the oil from the purported spill was collected , the first few days ( before significant oil collection could have occurred ) would have been several times 100,000 barrels , and would have spread over such a wide area that going unnoticed seems unfathomable .
Lastly , we can look at Saudi Aramco 's activities subsequent to this .
They have been quite active in coordinated spill response drills and workshops .
Here is one particular document which discusses many issues :
Saudi Aramco Oil Spill Approach , Prevention , and Readiness
In 1998 , Saudi Aramco and the Petroleum Association of Japan ( PAJ ) conducted a joint exercise to test a coordinated response to a spill in the Arabian Gulf .
PAJ had been working since 1991 to safeguard the transport of oil from the Middle East to Asia and had stockpiled oil spill remediation equipment at the Khafji oil field ( shared with Kuwait ) in 1994 .
The interesting facet is the description of the scenario given in the paper linked above :
The exercise scenario was developed by PAJ a consultant , Mr. Andrew Crawford of Water born Environmental Limited .
The exercise scenario called for an oil spill involving a tank rupture in a Vela vessel during loading operations at Ju’aymah Terminal , which is located about 10 kilometers north of the main terminal at Ras Tanura .
In addition , the scenario called for a hose rupture at the loading arm in the terminal , with the combined total amount of oil spilled coming to about 70,000 barrels .
The resultant slick would then hit the shoreline and spread offshore near the main Ras Tanura Terminal .
Ju’aymah has a major power generation plant at nearby Ghazlan , which would have to be notified to protect its water intake .
The Ras Tanura Refinery water intake would also be affected .
This amount of oil spillage is higher than the rated capability of Saudi Aramco 's oil spill equipment in the Ras Tanura area .
Several questions come to mind here .
First , was this really just Mr. Crawford 's inspiration ?
If so , did the Saudi Aramco people present just sit there with poker faces ?
No mention is made of supertankers as cleanup tools either .
But anyway , we have the beginnings for our movie plot .
Perhaps Mr. Crawford would get a royalty check .
Nick Pozzi ... probably not .
Epilogue
Did this massive spill happen ?
( cue the closing theme and credits ... )
j Query sliders and image galleries have continued to grow in popularity for use on homepages or on portfolio pages .
Last year we published 25 jQuery Image Gallery / Slider Tutorials and Plugins , but a number of high - quality tutorials and plugins have been released since then , so it ’s time for a follow - up post .
Here you ’ll find another 25 jQuery sliders ( 13 tutorials and 12 plugins ) to help you in your own work .
j Query Slider Tutorials :
A Beautiful Apple - Style Slideshow Gallery with CSS & jQuery
Automatic Image Slider with CSS & jQuery
Animate Panning Slideshow with jQuery
Creating a Slick Auto - Playing Featured Content Slider
How to Make a Threadless Style T - Shirt Gallery
Automatic Infinite Carousel
How to Create a Simple iTunes - Like Slider
A Bulletproof Content Viewer
Making a Content Slider with jQuery UI
Create Featured Content Slider Using jQuery UI
Using the Wonderful jFlow Plugin
Create a Resizable Image Grid with jQuery
j Query Slider Plugins :
Moving Boxes
loopedSlider
Nivo Slider
AnythingSlider
ImageSwitch
CrossSlide
j Query Cycle Plugin
s3Slider
Pirobox
Zoomimage
j Query Panel Gallery
ColorBox
For more web development resources please see :
Modernity Vs. Tradition in Oberammergau Bavarian Village Divided over Updates to World - Famous Passion Play
For almost 400 years , the residents of the Bavarian village of Oberammergau have performed their world - famous Passion Play , a reenactment of the crucifixion and resurrection of Christ .
But the play 's avant - garde director , who is determined to erase traces of anti-Semitism from the piece , has left locals at odds over how to reconcile modern Christianity and tradition .
" India and Bangladesh are not very good at football .
The passion is there , but ranking is low so there is a substitution .
We try to get a taste of the contest by supporting other teams .
Bengalis are passionate people . "
Image caption Anonymity plans for rape defendants have prompted complaints
David Cameron appears to have given some ground on proposals to grant anonymity to those accused of rape .
In its coalition deal , the government backed keeping the identity of defendants in rape cases in England and Wales secret until after conviction .
But Mr Cameron told MPs he favoured a " limited extension " to the law to cover the period between arrest and charges .
Acting Labour leader Harriet Harman said she was still " disappointed " by the policy .
Raising the issue during the first session of prime minister 's questions since the election , Ms Harman said even partial granting of anonymity would make it " harder " to bring rapists to justice .
' Scandal '
At present , there are no restrictions on naming defendants who are over 18 years old .
In their coalition agreement , hammered out in the days following the general election , the Conservatives and Lib Dems said their government would " extend anonymity in rape cases to defendants " , interpreted as applying at all stages before any conviction .
The proposal was not in either parties ' manifestos but has been a Lib Dem policy since 2006 .
Opponents of the proposals fear they would discourage rape victims from coming forward and do nothing to improve the conviction rate .
Describing the current conviction rate as a " scandal " , Mr Cameron told MPs that all parties wanted to increase the number of successful rape prosecutions and to send more rapists to jail .
To single out rape defendants sends a very powerful message to juries in rape cases that the rape victim is not to be believed Harriet Harman , Labour leader
But he said he supported the conclusions of a review by the all - party Commons Home Affairs Committee - of which he was a member before 2005 - which recommended a " limited extension " of anonymity .
" We came to the conclusion that there was a case for saying that between arrest and charge there was a case for anonymity , " he said , adding that rape victims were currently granted legal protection .
" The coalition agreement mentions this issue of anonymity .
We will of course be bringing forward proposals that the House can then examine and debate .
" I understand what she says that it is important the publicity around a case can help bring other people who have been raped forward .
I understand her case but I do think this does represent a good way forward . "
He said MP would be given a chance to debate the proposed changes .
' Powerful message '
But Ms Harman said she disagreed with the government 's approach .
" We know that it is often only after many rapes that a defendant is finally brought to court and it is only at that point , often , when previous victims find the courage to come forward , " she said .
" To single out rape defendants sends a very powerful message to juries in rape cases that the rape victim is not to be believed .
It sends a devastating message to rape victims that uniquely of all victims they are not to be believed . "
Mr Cameron showed " no understanding of the progress that has been made on prosecuting rape and does not realise how seriously this will turn the clock back " , she added .
Only 6 % of all reports of rape to the police lead to a conviction , but more than half of the cases that make it to trial result in the suspect being found guilty , official figures show .
The anonymity proposal became Lib Dem party policy in 2006 after a number of cases in which celebrities were named in newspapers over allegations of sexual assault , even though in some cases they were not charged and the complainant was found to be malicious .
The 1976 Labour government introduced anonymity for defendants - only for the measure to be repealed 12 years later under the Tories .
A review of the law earlier this year warned there needed to be a proper examination of the wider issues .
There is no anonymity for defendants in Scotland and Northern Ireland .
WASHINGTON , April 30 / PRNewswire -USNewswire / --
The National Center for Transgender Equality is calling on transgender people who are unemployed or underemployed to take their job search directly to their Congressional district offices in a move designed to demonstrate their plight to members of Congress .
The Employment Non-Discrimination Act ( HR 3017 ) is currently being considered by the House Committee on Education and Labor .
" It 's time to take matters into our hands and show Congress the urgent need for job protections for transgender people .
Every single day that goes by , discrimination claims more jobs and puts more families at risk , " stated Mara Keisling , Executive Director .
" They need to understand that this is n't some theoretical bill they are debating — this is about human lives .
We 've talked to people who have applied for literally hundreds and hundreds of jobs without getting work .
Maybe members of Congress can address this issue by giving a job to a transgender person ; we know they can address it by passing ENDA . "
Workplace discrimination against transgender people runs the gamut of employers , from the Library of Congress ' choice to rescind a job offer to the highly qualified Col.
Diane Schroer when she informed them that she was transgender to the managers of a fast food restaurant in Florida who , using derogatory language , told a transgender teen not to even bother following up on her job application .
Transgender people face rampant discrimination in employment around the country , with 26 % of respondents in a national 2009 survey reporting that they had been fired simply for being transgender , while 97 % had faced some form of harassment on the job .
Workplace instability in turn leads to highly increased rates of poverty and homelessness among this population .
State laws only offer protections in 12 states plus the District of Columbia .
ENDA would ban workplace discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity .
Updates about this action will be posted on the NCTE website at www.TransEquality.org/ENDA.
CONTACT : Justin Tanis , Communications Director , National Center for Transgender Equality , ph. +1-202-903-0112 , c. +1-505-610-7812 , [ email protected ]
SOURCE National Center for Transgender Equality
The miniaturization of electrical sensors coupled with the development of flexible silicon technology paves the way for a wide variety of medical sensors that can be implanted into the human body .
One of the major obstacles facing the development of such devices , not to mention artificial organs , is how they are powered .
Currently devices need to be constantly recharged via an external power source or , as is the case with battery - powered pacemakers , replaced altogether .
Now a team of French researchers has implanted a new type of biofuel cell into rats that overcomes these problems by generating electricity from a potentially limitless source - sugar in the rat ’s bodies .
The new type of Glucose BioFuel Cell ( GBFC ) developed by a team from Joseph Fourier University in Grenoble , France , headed by Philippe Cinquin , harvests energy from glucose and oxygen in the body using enzymes .
Glucose and oxygen flows into the device and enzymes catalyze the oxidation of glucose to generate electricity .
The electric charges is then transported from these enzymes via compounds dubbed “ redox mediators ” to electrodes that lead from the biofuel cell to the device it is powering .
Previous attempts at developing such implants have failed either because the enzymes require highly acidic conditions to work , or were inhibited by charged particles of chlorine , or urate anions , present in the fluid surrounding the cells .
To overcome these problems Cinquin and his team confined glucose enzymes inside graphite discs that were placed into dialysis bags , which use plastics already clinically approved for implants .
Summary of the principle , preparation , implantation and operation of an implantable Quinone - Ubiquinone Glucose BioFuel Cell
The fuel cells were surgically implanted into the abdominal cavity of two rats and were able to produce a peak power of 6.5 microwatts .
Technology Review reports that the power remained around two microwatts for a period of 11 days in one rat , and the other rat showed byproducts of glucose oxidation in its urine for three months , indicating the device lasts at least that long .
Pacemakers require 10 microwatts , but the team ’s prototype fuel cell ’s two electrodes took up just 0.266 milliliters of the 5 - milliliter fuel cell .
So in principle a milliliter ’s worth of these electrodes could generate a peak power level of 24.4 microwatts .
Cinquin and his team also believe they can improve efficiency of the fuel cells .
" I 'm optimistic that we will get tens of milliwatts in future versions , " he said .
The team ’s findings appear in a paper entitled , “ A Glucose BioFuel Cell Implanted in Rats , ” published in the journal PLoS ONE .
Source : Technology Review and Scientific American .
A few days back I was contacted by the people at Rotimatic if I was interested in reviewing the worlds first roti making robot .
I was elated and very excited .
I immediately said yes and I could n’t wait to receive it .
We have been testing Rotimatic since almost a few weeks and I have simply fallen in love with it .
Rotimatic is the worlds first automatic roti making robot .
In most of the desi households women spend a lot of time making rotis for breakfast lunch and dinner .
Who does n’t love to eat roti at meals .
And Rotimatic is a blessing for all roti loving families .
As some of you may know , I have been blessed with a second baby Alhamdulillah and she is growing up fast Mashallah .
But life with babies means no time to spend in the kitchen and we rely heavily on help , especially on someone who can send home cooked meals .
I cannot tell you how much I missed eating roti and if I was able to request someone for a few fresh handmade rotis , I profoundly blessed them .
Heres how it works :
To make Rotis , I switch it on and simply fill the containers of the Rotimatic with flour , water and oil , select the level of thickness and the amount of oil I prefer .
It takes about 6 minutes to warm up and begins making delicious rotis for us all while I am busy looking after kids and doing other things .
The rotis are about 6 inch in diameter , and perfectly roasted and round in shape .
I was initially using a brand of flour not suggested for use by Rotimatic and I was getting undone rotis , but when I switched to using Aashirwaad aata , the problem solved .
The rotis were simply perfect .
It has made my life so much easier and we get to enjoy healthy rotis at meals Alhamdulillah .
I have tried spinach roti , masala roti and plain roti .
So many options , how awesome is that .
Inshallah I would like to try making aloo roti using Rotimatic .
There is also an option for puri making .
You need to sync your Rotimatic on your phone and keep yourself updated with all the latest updates .
Rotimatic is pricey and a large and heavy machine that occupies a space similar to that of a microwave oven on your countertop .
It does make a loud sound when operating , which I did n’t like .
But its a great gadget in my opinion .
It makes perfectly round rotis , and the amount of oil it uses even on the max setting is very little , which means it makes very healthy rotis , which are just as good as handmade rotis .
If I feel like indulging I simply brush then with ghee or oil .
Wrap them all up in a napkin to keep warm and soft .
After each use , I simply hand wash the parts which takes me just a few seconds and then after they have dried , the assembly does n’t take much time either and is very easy .
Power Consumption ( Idle vs In - Use )
Power Consumption Chart
Since some people might be curious regarding the power consumption of this machine , I decided to add these numbers in .
In comparison , Rotimatic draws power in the same range as an oven .
From the power consumption chart for making 10 Rotis , with least thickness and 3 / 4 roast level , it started to draw in the ~1500W range as it warmed up the griddle , water etc .
then once those were warm , the consumption tapers off with peaks when the Rotimatic is making the individual rotis .
You can probably make out the 10 peaks for the 10 rotis .
The time to make 10 rotis was a little under 30 min when including the cool down time .
Due to the WiFi capabilities of Rotimatic , it draws about 2.3W even when turned off , something to note .
Here is a video I made using my Rotimatic which will you give an idea about how this machine works .
I am in love with my Rotimatic and I certainly recommend it .
You can purchase this awesome home appliance for yourselves by clicking here .
Luv ,
Mona
“ Power keeps hacking away at the weeds , but it ca n’t pull out the roots without threatening itself . ”
— Eduardo Galeano
We live in troubled times .
The National Government has set in motion a number of attacks on the working class : prisons open while schools close , there ’s been cuts to education and ACC support for victims of sexual abuse , a draconian search and surveillance bill proposed , plans to mine conservation land , GST hikes , and changes to the benefit that would extend the patriarchal hand of the state even more .
But let ’s not kid ourselves into thinking a Labour Government ( or a Green one ) would be any better — government , under whatever facade , is still the rule of the few over the many .
Capitalism , hand - in - hand with the state once again finds itself in an economic situation that hits those already feeling the effects of a bankrupt system .
In Aotearoa ( and across the globe ) we are witnessing wage freezes coupled with rising prices .
Companies close or move offshore , resulting in workers losing their jobs — our livelihoods are destroyed in their never - ending scramble for profit .
We unwillingly pay for a crisis not of our doing .
The responses to these attacks have not challenged the state in any meaningful way .
Protest activity , while at times large in number has been small in results .
Trade unions have failed dismally in resisting the wind back of workers ’ gains , completely lacking in both radical ideology and effective activity .
Politicians — well they ’re part of the problem and will never offer any kind of solution that would threaten their positions of privilege .
Unfortunately , the overwhelming answer for many is to give up their power to that of a representative ( politician , community bureaucrat or union official ) who will supposedly act on our behalf .
We are encouraged to believe that we are powerless to effect any real change in our lives , and political structures are designed to reinforce this .
Yet as long as a minority make decisions on our behalf we can not be free .
The sense of community , solidarity , and collective action needed for meaningful change is diffused through structures that privilege a debasing of power ( giving our power to somebody else ) .
Challenging this trend towards the delegation of activity to others is no easy feat , yet it ’s one way to move from current defensive action and onto the offensive .
Structures and tactics that empower , employ direct action and offer revolutionary alternatives to capitalism and the state are needed more than ever .
The time has come for real resistance , for the building of a movement that will effect actual change .
This is nothing new .
Nor are we the first to point this out .
Establishing solidarity and gaining real power through struggle will enable us to break with a culture of dependency and the existing order : this is the pressing task ahead .
“ You ca n’t destroy a society by using the organs which are there to preserve it … any class who wants to liberate itself must create its own organs . ”
— H. Lagardell
Recent protest action has been merely symbolic and sporadic .
We turn up , feel disillusioned , and go home .
Politicians then get kudos and claim ‘ grassroots ’ bragging rights .
Nothing changes .
There are next to no organisational links being made , analysis of the root causes of the issues we protest against are not being heard , and there ’s not much relevant follow - up action .
These protests , if they do draw people along , are limited to the usual lobbying of government and illustrate quite plainly the passivity that is symptomatic of a culture of representation .
This same ineffectuality carries through to trade union structures .
While there are many sincere and militant members in these unions , a union ’s hierarchical and bureaucratic nature limits their scope .
It should be clear to all by now that any chance of using the existing unions as tools of social change is , well , kaput — due to their mediating position within capitalism , their conciliatory rather than confrontational stance , and their limitation to trade or workplace .
The last century has been full of failed attempts to reform trade unions .
Any reform attempt that seriously threatens the union ’s role as ‘ social partners ’ to management would require a significant upsurge in militancy from the membership .
This upsurge would naturally have to come about through actual class struggle , so it seems odd to focus on making an existing union ‘ more radical ’ when the struggle needed to make it more radical would be enough on its own .
This approach equates working class action with trade union action .
Yes , lets work with those in unions who share a critique of them and win members to our ideas , but our orientation should be towards actual working class conflict , not one particular form that conflict can take ( ie the traditional trade union form ) .
To become absorbed in current unions and their hierarchy destroys militancy and meaningful action .
Furthermore , current unions cause divisions between different groups of workers ( non-members / members of other unions ) in the same workplace , trade or industry who share the same interests , acting as a barrier to common class action .
A focus on current unions in Aotearoa also neglects their low membership — it also ignores sites of struggle outside of the traditional union ’s scope such as unpaid work in the home and community , fights by the unemployed , possible rent strikes etc .
We must take note and move on from the failed forms of the past and look to foster effective struggle — to build dual power and a culture of resistance .
“ We carry a new world here , in our hearts .
That world is growing this minute . ”
— Buenaventura Durruti
What do we mean by dual power , and how can we build it ?
Dual power can be understood as a way of practicing anarchist methods of organisation in order to grow a culture of resistance .
It means encouraging direct control of struggle by those in struggle , the practice of non-hierarchical workplace and community assemblies , and collective decision - making based on direct democracy .
It ’s a way of challenging the power of boss , landlord and government until such time we can abolish them .
Building dual power challenges authoritarian structures of power and at the same time , points towards the libertarian future we envision .
It not only opposes the state , it also prepares for the difficult confrontations and questions that will arise in a revolutionary situation .
Dual power has to come about through struggle , through ongoing organising around real ( not perceived ) needs , and through direct action .
Running a collective for food distribution or a radical bookshop , while having its own value , does not really confront wider social relations — this is collectively managing a resource , not the building of dual power .
Dual power is not prefigurative in the sense that it is building counter institutions that will magically grow within capitalism and replace it once it ’s gone .
Dual power is prefigurative in terms of the means we use now , the way we organise our struggles , and the way we relate to others during that struggle .
Building dual power points to a possible , but not predetermined future .
Dual power ca n’t be built in isolation or by traditional structures such as trade unions or political parties , as such structures are not set up to encourage such a sharing of power ( as we pointed out above ) .
This is where some kind of network that would span across union lines and workplace isolation — and link to the wider community — could play a significant role .
“ History always repeats itself : first time as tragedy , second time as farce . ”
— Karl Marx
Revisiting successful aspects of the anarcho - syndicalist tradition and its tactics of revolutionary struggle ( within and outside of the workplace ) is something that could potentially move beyond representation and build the culture of resistance described above .
By coming together in one network based on direct action , solidarity and the ideas of anarchism , we could offer a very real alternative to both reformist action and the capitalist system itself .
It could do what the current unions ca n’t or wo n’t do .
We do n’t buy the argument that what ’s needed is a similar network but without the explicitly anarchist position .
Membership is not the goal of a successful network , meaningful struggle with a radical vision is .
The focus would be to build class conflict , not the building of a union .
To fetishise union membership over radical content has failed time and time again — an effective network should focus on class struggle rather than recruiting as many people as possible .
A network of 20 people who manage to foster the growth of radical assemblies wherever they are ( workplace or community ) would have a larger effect than a network of 200 without any confrontational vision or strategy .
Likewise , a network that waters down its politics to a perceived level of resistance acceptable to people ends up reducing the level of both .
This is the problem with ‘ pure syndicalism ’ that would concentrate on economic demands ( wages etc ) without an anarchist analysis of political structures that enforce wage slavery .
It is absurd to say that someone who could be concerned with the money they receive would not also be concerned with why that money exists and how it is shared around .
It ’s also absurd to assume people do n’t question the fact they have to work for a wage all their life .
We need to move beyond pure economics and question the political nature of work itself .
“ An organization must always remember that its objective is not getting people to listen to speeches by experts , but getting them to speak for themselves . ”
— Guy Debord
Instead , the role of those of us in a network would be to put forward explicitly anarchist ideas and call for open assemblies in our workplace or community struggles .
We would argue for direct control of these struggles by the mass assembly itself ( not by any union or representative , including our own network ) .
This means wherever we are based we should try to get together with our workmates and neighbours to collectively discuss our problems , regardless of whether they are in the network or not .
Anyone who is affected by a particular issue should be included and involved , regardless of their union membership , place of employment , gender , race or age .
The key is the self - activity of all of those concerned , to widen the fight and encourage a state of permanent dialogue .
By promoting direct action and solidarity , putting across anarchist ideas and offering practical examples of those ideas in practice , we would hopefully start to build a culture of resistance .
This is vastly different to the current representative unions or community boards , whose unaccountable officials take it on themselves to control the fight and steer it along an acceptable path .
By practicing and promoting mass meetings in times of struggle , we plant the seeds of ongoing , relevant forms of resistance which empower all of those effected — not just network members , but those who are n’t members of the network and who may never want to be .
A network could also offer important solidarity to those who are isolated ( such as sub - contractors , temps , causal workers , the unemployed and those at home ) and help build a sense of community .
It could act as an important source of skill sharing and education — doing all the useful things the current unions do ( acting as source of advice , sharing knowledge on labour law , foster solidarity etc ) while critiquing their legalist and bureaucratic frameworks .
Advice on employment law , community law , bullying at work , health and safety , WINZ and benefit changes — these are all important needs that a network could meet .
However it ’s not our job as anarchists to resolve the problems of capitalism , but to keep alive the differences between the exploited and the exploiter , to build a culture of resistance .
Our skill sharing and advice must be geared towards this vision .
While we should offer practical support we can’t lose sight of our anarchist critique of the current system and our ultimate aim of social revolution : the network is not a help line that simply privileges outsider expertise , but is a fighting organization aimed at empowering those in need and encouraging radical self - activity .
If the activity of such a network related to real needs , was structured so that it involved the wider community in meeting those needs , and illustrated anarchist ideas in practice , it would show that anarchism is relevant to everyday life more effectively than a flyer , discussion group or theoretical journal ever could .
“ The self - emancipation of the working class is the breakdown of capitalism ”
— Anton Pannekoek
Historically we are currently in a low period of radical struggle , partly because of the culture of representation described above .
But radical struggle does n’t pick up by magic , by the right mix of historical context .
Struggle picks up through struggle , through the self - activity of the working class .
The economic breakdown of capitalism does n’t equate to radical change : just because we ’re experiencing an economic downturn does n’t mean the social revolution is on our doorstep .
Nor does capitalism follow a pre-determined tune that allows us to sit back and wait for it to play out .
Capitalism has the ability to adapt and even profit from such downturns .
As the quote above illustrates ( and history proves ) , the self - activity of those in struggle is paramount to moving beyond a capitalist ‘ crisis ’ to social revolution .
A network and its activity could aid in this upswing of struggle .
A revolutionary network premised on the ideas and tactics described above is what Beyond Resistance aims to help create in the near future .
We call for and encourage discussion about these ideas and tactics — if you agree or disagree then let ’s get talking .
An email list has been set up for this very purpose : discussionbeyondresistance - subscribe ( at ) lists.riseup.net
We hope to start regionally , but we invite all those in Aotearoa interested in such a network and its formation to participate in a hui tentatively organised for September 2010 .
Any input and knowledge is welcomed .
Let us move forward together in the fight against this inhumane , patriarchal and exploitative system and start to build a culture of resistance in Aotearoa .
— JUNE 2010
Examples and further reading :
Solidarity Federation
Anarchist Workers Network
Seattle Solidarity Network
Strategy and Struggle : anarcho- syndicalism in the 21st century
Anarcho - syndicalism in Puerto Real
To Work or Not to Work : Is that the Question ?
Anarchism , anthropology and Andalucia : an analysis of the CNT and ‘ New Capitalism ’ ( in ‘ Sources ’ : PDF download ) .
Winning the Class War : an anarcho - syndicalist strategy
Watford , England , sits at the end of a spur on the London tube 's Metropolitan line , a somewhat dreary city of some 80,000 rising amid the pleasant green Hertfordshire countryside .
Although not utterly destitute like parts of south or east London , its shabby High Street reflects a now - diminished British dream of class mobility .
It also stands as a potential warning to the U.S. , where working - class , blue - collar white Americans have been among the biggest losers in the country 's deep , persistent recession .
As you walk through Watford , midday drinkers linger outside the One Bell pub near the center of town .
Many of these might be considered " yobs , " a term applied to youthful , largely white , working - class youths , many of whom work only occasionally or not at all .
In the British press yobs are frequently linked to petty crime and violent behavior -- including a recent stabbing outside another Watford pub , and soccer - related hooliganism .
In Britain alcoholism among the disaffected youth has reached epidemic proportions .
Britain now suffers among the highest rates of alcohol consumption in the advanced industrial world , and unlike in most countries , boozing is on the upswing .
Some in the media , particularly on the left , decry unflattering descriptions of Britain 's young white working class as " demonizing a whole generation . "
But many others see yobism as the natural product of decades of neglect from the country 's three main political parties .
In Britain today white , working - class children now seem to do worse in school than immigrants .
A 2003 Home Office study found white men more likely to admit breaking the law than racial minorities ; they are also more likely to take dangerous drugs .
London School of Economics scholar Dick Hobbs , who grew in a hardscabble section of east London , traces yobism in large part to the decline of blue - collar opportunities throughout Britain .
" The social capital that was there went [ away ] , " he suggests .
" And so did the power of the labor force .
People lost their confidence and never got it back . "
Over the past decade , job gains in Britain , like those in the United States , have been concentrated at the top and bottom of the wage profile .
The growth in real earnings for blue - collar professions -- industry , warehousing and construction -- have generally lagged those of white - collar workers .
Tony Blair 's " cool Britannia , " epitomized by hedge fund managers , Russian oligarchs and media stars , offered little to the working and middle classes .
Despite its proletarian roots , New Labour , as London Mayor Boris Johnson acidly notes , has presided over that which has become the most socially immobile society in Europe .
This occurred despite a huge expansion of Britain 's welfare state , which now accounts for nearly one - third of government spending .
For one thing the expansion of the welfare state apparatus may have done more for high - skilled professionals , who ended up nearly twice as likely to benefit from public employment than the average worker .
Nearly one - fifth of young people ages 16 to 24 were out of education , work or training in 1997 ; after a decade of economic growth that proportion remained the same .
Some people , such as The Times ' Camilla Cavendish , even blame the expanding welfare state for helping to create an overlooked generation of " useless , jobless men -- the social blight of our age . "
These males generally do not include immigrants , who by some estimates took more than 70 % of the jobs created between 1997 and 2007 in the U.K .
Immigrants , notes Steve Norris , a former member of Parliament from northeastern London and onetime chairman of the Conservative Party , tend to be more economically active than working - class white Britons , who often fear employment might cut into their benefits .
" It is mainly U.K. citizens who sit at home watching daytime television complaining about immigrants doing their jobs , " asserts Norris , a native of Liverpool .
The results can be seen in places like Watford and throughout large , unfashionable swaths of Essex , south and east London , as well as in perpetually depressed Scotland , the Midlands and north country .
Rising housing prices , driven in part by " green " restrictions on new suburban developments , have further depressed the prospects for upward mobility .
The gap between the average London house and the ability of a Londoner to afford it now stands among the highest in the advanced world .
Indeed , according to the most recent survey by demographia.com , it takes nearly 7.1 years at the median income to afford a median family home in greater London .
Prices in the inner-ring communities often are even higher .
According to estimates by the Centre for Social Justice , unaffordability for first - time London home buyers doubled between 1997 and 2007 .
This has led to a surge in waiting lists for " social housing " ; soon there are expected by to be some 2 million households - - 5 million people -- on the waiting list for such housing .
With better - paid jobs disappearing and the prospects for home ownership diminished , the traditional culture of hard work has been replaced increasingly by what Dick Hobbs describes as the " violent potential and instrumental physicality . "
Urban progress , he notes , has been confused with the apparent vitality of a rollicking night scene : " There are parts of London where the pubs are the only economy . "
London , notes the LSE's Tony Travers , is becoming " a First World core surrounded by what seems to be going from a second to a Third World population . "
This bifurcation appears to be a reversion back to the class conflicts that initially drove so many to traditionally more mobile societies , such as the U.S. , Australia and Canada .
Over the past decade , according to a survey by IPSOS Mori , the percentage of people who identify with a particular class has grown from 31 % to 38 % .
Looking into the future , IPSOS Mori concludes , " social class may become more rather than less salient to people 's future . "
Britain 's present situation should represent a warning about America 's future as well .
Of course there have always been pockets of white poverty in the U.S. , particularly in places like Appalachia , but generally the country has been shaped by a belief in class mobility .
But the current recession , and the lack of effective political response addressing the working class ' needs , threatens to reverse this trend .
More recently middle - and working - class family incomes , stagnant since the 1970s , have been further depressed by a downturn that has been particularly brutal to the warehousing , construction and manufacturing economies .
White unemployment has now edged to 9 % , higher among those with less than a college education .
And poverty is actually rising among whites more rapidly than among blacks , according to the left - leaning Economic Policy Institute .
You can see the repeat here of some of the factors paralleling the development of British yobism : longer - term unemployment ; the growing threat of meth labs in hard - hit cities and small towns ; and , most particularly , a 20 % unemployment rate for workers under age 25 .
Amazingly barely one in three white teenagers , according to a recent Hamilton College poll , thinks his standard of living will be better than his parents ' .
It 's no surprise then that Democrats are losing support among working - class whites , much like the now - destitute British Labour Party .
But the potential yobization of the American working class represents far more than a political issue .
It threatens the very essence of what has made the U.S. unique and different from its mother country .
This article originally appeared in Forbes.com .
Joel Kotkin is executive editor of NewGeography.com and is a distinguished presidential fellow in urban futures at Chapman University .
He is author of The City : A Global History .
His newest book is The Next Hundred Million : America in 2050 , released in Febuary , 2010 .
Photo by MonkeyBoy69
Advertisements
What is the most important piece of the puzzle that completes a modern smartphone ?
Is it the powerful hardware ?
Is it the accessibility and ergonomics ?
Or is it perhaps the software – applications and integrated services – that come with the device ?
It ’s probably a mixture of all these components .
They create a stable foundation for any successful and long living product .
Let ’s take Nokia N900 for instance .
While the exterior is plain and uneventful , the whole device flares into life as soon as the user gets curios enough to explore the software possibilities of the device .
Explore .
This could be the defining word for N900 , as it suits this pseudo - smartphone , pseudo - mobile computer more than anything else .
Â
You can explore as long as you want , and CAN look as deep as your curiosity allows .
It ’s no wonder that in all this process of transforming and tweaking the device to our different needs , we can easily get lost at times .
I shamelessly admit being among those kind of users .
What if we need to start over from scratch ?
To be able to look back and benefit from the experience I gained so far , I ’ve decided to create this catalog of applications that have earned my attention over the course ofÂ my time with Maemo 5 .Â
And everybody ’s welcome to join .
_______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
This list was born with no intention to prove one platform ’s superiority over another .
I believe that every smartphone OS has it ’s strengths and weaknesses , Â and in the end , it ’s the user experience what matters to us the most .
What this list should illustrate , however , is that Maemo 5 has a self - sufficient ecosystem of apps where one can find almost everything , provided one knows where exactly to look .
This is where the so called application repositories come into play .
Before starting to search for any of the listed items , it ’s important to make sure you have all the necessary ‘ app catalogues ’ or repositories added in your application manager .
Here ’s how you do it :
1 . Open the applications manager and touch the ‘ Download ’ tab in the middle .
In the following screen you ’ll see various app download categories .
Â
Touch the upper part of the screen where it says ‘ Application manager ’ and then choose ‘ Application catalogues ’ from the emerging window .
A scrollable list will appear with all currently installed catalogues .
2 . If you ’re missing some of the repositories listed down below , press ‘ New ’ to enter the required details , and then choose ‘ Save ’ to confirm .
The app manager should automatically refresh and populate the download list with apps from the newly added catalogues , but you can also do it manually via the same menu from the upper screen .
Catalogue name : Extras
Web adress : http://repository.maemo.org/extras/
Distribution : fremantle
Components : free non-free
Catalogue name : Ovi
Web adress : https://downloads.maemo.nokia.com/fremantle/ovi
Distribution : ./
Catalogue name : Extras - Testing
Web address : http://repository.maemo.org/extras-testing/
Distribution : fremantle
Components : free non-free
Catalogue name : Extras- Devel
Web address : http://repository.maemo.org/extras-devel/
Distribution : fremantle
Components : free non-free
Important note I . If , for some reason , you receive a refresh error after adding a catalogue , try re-enabling it by ticking the ‘ Disabled ’ tab and then pressing ‘ Save ’ .
Return again to the troubling catalogue and remove the tick , and press ‘ Save ’ to confirm again .
Important note II .
Least but not least , it should be noted here that many apps in these repositories ( except ‘ Extras ’ and ‘ Ovi ’ ) are still under development and can cause certain problems to your N900 .
The apps in my list , however , have all been tested on my device and proven to work without any serious harm to the stability of the system ( that I ’m aware of ) .
3 . That ’s it .
As you can see , adding news repositories or ‘ app catalogues ‘ is a pretty straightforward process and in some cases comes down to slightly changing the web address line .
You should now have the same download sources available in the app manager , which means you can successfully start your hunt for the listed apps .
You can start searching for appsÂ by typing in their names in each of the categories , or simply carry out a global search across all available categories by selecting theÂ ‘ All ’ tab and writing the name of the application .
There ’re also some applications in this list that are only available in Nokia ’s Ovi Store , like Pixelpipe or Angry Birds , for example .
The link to the online store should be in your N900 ’s main menu .
The Maemo version of the store is still under development , but it ’s well worth it occasionally paying a visit for some interesting new apps and games .
_________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
To help you find your way around this rather comprehensive list , I ’ve highlighted some of the worthwhile N900 apps that you simply cannot afford to miss .
Â
So in case you ’re in a hurry or just want the best of what Maemo 5 can offer right now , those are the ones you should be looking at !
Without further ado , here are my top app choices for Nokia N900 :
Abiword – A rich word processing program for maemo platform , with plenty of supported formats .
AdBlock Plus –
Ad blocking plugin for Maemo Browser
AlmostTi Graphing Calc Emulator – TI programmable calculator emulator
AP News Desktop Widget – News from The Associated Press directly on your N900 ’s homescreen .
Can be set up to display region specific news on topics like business , politics or technology .
Appdownloader – Download client for extras applications in maemo.org .
In my opinion , it offers the content in a more organized and less confusing manner than the default N900 app downloader .
It also has a rating and comments system in place similarly to Nokia ’s own Ovi Store , but the available selection leaves wanting for more .
Let ’s just hope this app keeps on improving !
Appwatch – Track new applications and repository activity
Battery – a good looking Qt based widget showing battery charge level .
Battery Graph – shows various battery statistics into a graph .
bluezwitch – a handy little widget for faster switching Bluetooth on / off .
Barriosquare – Maemo application to access foursquare.com api functionality .
Bounce Evolution – A playable demo of a gorgeous looking 3D game for N900
Chromium – A port of Google Chrome web browser , but it ’s still in early development stages and rather slow .
Custom Operator Name Widget – Replace desktop operator name with your own custom name
Countdown Timer – the interface is a bit fiddly to use , but this countdown app has upÂ to four memory slots and configurable alarm sound .
Currency Converter – there ’s hardly anything left out of this app , and it even has a built - in calculator .
CuteExplorer – rather basic but fast file manager built on Qt
ConnectNow internet connection switch – an extremely useful desktop widget to switch internet connections more efficiently .
You can have multiple widgets on the homescreen for different internet access points , for example , for wlan and 3G .
One of the latest updates has also brought in the option to change the icons for different types of connections and even add custom ones .
Google - album - art - downloader – Thumbnail library album art downloader that uses Google images .
D-THEME AeroBlack – a simply gorgeous looking , dark N900 theme that I can’t seem to part with .
Default menu icons .
D-THEME
Blue – another great quality theme I used on my N900 .
DateToday Home Desktop Widget – A desktop widget that shows the current day of month .
DialCentral – Touch screen enhanced interface to the Google voice phone service .
Desktop Photo Slideshow
Widget – displays slideshow of images from a selected directory in a resizable frame with various transitions and touch activated controls .
Digg Home Widget – displays top Digg topics on your desktop .
It can be configured to show up to 4 stories in various categories like world &business , technology or entrainment .
Angry birds – addictive physics based puzzle game with lots of levels .
DiskUsage – shows in a simple pie diagram the N900 disk usage state .
Digitally imported – ” installs the full suite of streams from Digitally Imported in 24 kbps AAC and 96 kbs MP3 ” .
Enna Media Player – a powerful media center application with eye - candy user interface that is n’t very finger friendly .
evopedia – offline wikipedia viewer .
Extended Call Log – this app gives the ability to view complete call history .
Extra Decoders Support – Support for additional video and audio decoders in the N900 Media Player .
Extra protocol plugins for Conversations and Contacts – adds support for popular IM and VoIP accounts like AIM , Facebook , ICQ , MSN & more .
Facebook Widget and Photo Uploader – a widget that shows Facebook friend ’s status updates and can upload photos , all from the comfort ofÂ N900 ’s homescreen .
FBReader – ebook reader with lot ’s of supported formats for your N900 .
feedcircuit – downloads RSS and Atom feeds for offline reading .
fMMS -Â an app that enables the N900 to send and receive MMS .
Firefox – supports extra add - ons and can even sync bookmarks and tabs with the PC version of the well known web browser .
While Firefox still does n’t work as fluid as the N900 ’s built - in MicroB web browser , it ’s making great progress with each new update , and thus should n’t be overlooked .
FM Radio Player – basically does what it says – adds the strangely missing FM radio feature to your N900 .
Drnoksnes – good ’ ol Super Nintendo Entertainment System console emulator .
With an extensive number of game roms that can be easily found throughout the internet , Â fans of classic gaming tittles should n’t feel left out here .
Duke Nukem 3D – a fully functional port of the iconic shooter from my childhood .
After you ’ve installed the main package , be sure to also download and install the music support package ‘ duke3d - timidity ’ .
The shareware version has only one level , so to get the full experience you ’ll need to extract and transfer the data file DUKE3D.GRP from the PC version of the game .
Let ’s kick some !
ecoach – application for managing sport and exercise activities .
grr – a simple yet functional app for accessing Google Reader on your N900 .
fMSX – MSX home computer emulator .
Yes , the N900 has that one too !
ForecaWeather widget – Weather forecasts for your desktop .
Gonvert – a universal conversion app with a simply ridiculous amount ofÂ units – Area , Temperature , Time , Luminance , Density etc .
You might hardly need them all , but it ’s still handy to have it just in case .
g Podder Podcast Client – one of my most favorite apps .
In a nutshell , it ’s a very easy to use and versatile app to download and manage podcasts on Nokia N900 .
Sadly it still lacks integration with the default music player and has no auto - resume feature .
Another pleasant surprise is the ability to work in portrait mode .
g Translate – this easy to use Google Translate client can work with a wide variety of languages , but internet connection is a must .
Headphone daemon – pauses the media player when headphones are unplugged .
Do n’t even ask why this has n’t been implemented by default 8 )
Htop – interactive processes viewer on your N900 .
Be ready to use your monocular !
iNES – Nintendo NES / Famicon video game console emulator .
IivilSteel Black and Blue
Theme – this elegant theme for N900 has been my primary choice for a while now .
IivilSteel OSX
Theme
IivilSteel Theme
ioquake3 – Port of Quake III Arena .
Jamendo – streaming music player from jamendo.com
MaStory – a hands down great blogging tool .
I haven ’tÂ found myself blogging that often on my N900 , but anyone looking for ways to create and publish content on the fly will surely appreciate it ’s functionality .
Also check out WordPress official Maemo client .
Knots – it ’s a media center application that gives you remote access to files stored on PC over an internet connection .
Leafpad – it ’s a basic notepad application , but it also has some extraÂ formatting features .
LED Pattern Editor – A small program that resides in the settings menu and controls the notification LED light ’s blinking patterns .
Load Applet – Show CPU and memory usage , as well as take screenshots and record screencasts from the status area .
m Barcode – a 1D and 2D barcode scanning app .
Macuco –
A simple mobile browser that emulates iPhone ’s behavior ( handy when preserving mobile web bandwidth ) .
Master Gear – ‘ SEGA 8 bit console emulator ’.
UAE4ALL Maemo Edition – Commodore Amiga 500 Emulator
Media Player Status Area Applet – see the name of the song , album art and artists in the status area .
Midnight Commander – a dual panel file manager with archaic looking interface that I rarely use , but it ’s still worth mentioning Â due to it ’s advanced features .
MediaBox Media Center – another media center on N900 .
One of it ’s key strengths is the finger friendly user interface .
Morpho QuickPanorama – while the free trial version has VGA resolution support only , it ’s stillÂ a great app for taking panoramic shots with the Nokia N900 camera .
Get it via Nokia ’s Ovi Store !
Mauku –
One of the very first Twitter clients to come to N900 , Mauku has seen some improvements in functionality , but it still retains some old UI problems .
m Satus Applet – ‘ it ’s a small statusbar applet that lets you update your status on different social networks by sing the Ping.fm API ’.Â
mwTube - Â ‘ Displays current London Tube status ’ .
NoLazy – ‘ Manage your tasks from Remember The Milk ’ .
Now Playing Notifications – Shows interactive ’ email like ’ notifications when song changes .
FreOffice – ‘ Office file viewer based on KOffice ’ .
Flashlight – what ’s a smartphone without it ’s own flashlight tool ?
To turn it on , you ’ll first need to open the lens cover , and then locate the applet in the status menu .
Dead simple , and what ’s more important , the N900 ’s dual LED ’s do a great job too !
Opera Mobile – created as a ‘ hobby project ’ by a small group of developers , this build for Maemo devices ( including the N900 ) works surprisingly well , with the same functionality you come to expect .
With nice and smooth UI , decent browsing speed , this web browser also fully supports portrait viewing mode .
And yes , Adobe Flash is not supported , but who needs it for economic and fast browsing anyway ?
To get it , just open the link via your N900 ’s default web browser and follow the instructions from there .
OMWeather – weather forecast widget with plenty of ways to customize it ’s appearance and behavior .
PSX4 All Maemo edition – a rather promising Sony PlayStation
One emulator , still needs a lot of work to get playable framerates in most games .
PCSX Maemo Edition – another Playstation
One emulator that keeps getting new updates , so see if it works better for you than the one previously mentioned .
Personal Dataplan Monitor – a useful GPRS traffic monitor for people with limited data plans .
Personal Photo Frame – ‘ Display a photo or slideshow on your desktop ’ .
Phone Speakers Switcher – turns on the phone ’s loudspeakers during calls when the slider is open .
PicoDrive – Sega Mega Drive emulator for Maemo
Pidgin Internet Messenger – supports a staggering amount of chat networks like Google Talk , MSN or IRC .
Pixelpipe Media Uploader to the Social Web – a simply monstrous app that I find myself using almost every single day !
Pixelpipe can upload user created content , like photos or videos , via ‘ pipes ’ to many social networking websites – Facebook , Flickr , Twitter , Vox and Youtube – to name a few .
Powatool – with this app you can tweak your status bar and remove unused applets .
Another nice addition is that you can disable the ‘ Nokia hands ’Â boot up screen .
PrBoom – Maemo port of the legendary FPS shooter ‘ Doom ’
Qik – Stream live video broadcasts to the web
Quake 2 – Port of a well known kick - ass 3D shooter game
Quake 3 Arena
Quick Clip
Quick - launch – A status bar applet to quickly launch apps .
Quicknote – a note taking application that simply works .
Recaller - Â a widget to record audio , works with voice calls too !
ReSiStance – RSS feed reader for Maemo 5 .
Recorder – voice recorder
Reflect Theme
Rootsh – enable root access via the ‘ sudo gainroot ’ command .
Essential for those who want to work with the X - Terminal .
ScummVM – it ’s a collection of game engine recreations .
Have childhood memories of playing all those old LucasArts adventure games ?
Now it ’sÂ time to revisit them on your Nokia N900 !
TweeGo – a very promising twitter client based on the Qt platform , but still lacks a few essential features .
Series Finale – love watching Tv series like 24 or Lost ?
If so , this Nokia N900 app should be right up your alley , as you can look up for any missed episodes and read short plot summary and other information .
Shortcutd – Enables the proximity sensor and camera button to be used as shortcuts
Silencer – timed profile changer
Simple Brightness Applet – a quick way to change the brightness level of the screen back light to preserve battery life .
Sleeper – widget that pauses the music player after a user - defined time
Sleeppy – Alarm application that utilizes accelerometer
Speedometer – app developed by the well know Offscreen , it displays your speed using the built - in GPS . Â
Look for it in the Ovi Store .
Speedy – internet speed meter .
Very simple , but manages it ’s job well .
Stopwatch – this app actually consists of two modes : a stopwatch and a countdown .
What makes Stopwatch worth mentioning is the ease of use and support for both landscape and portrait screen positions .
But there ’s also some bad news : a very quiet alarm sound with no means to change it .
Storage Usage – shows the disk usage of files as a treemap .
System info widget – A desktop widget that shows the cpu and memory usage .
Tethering Monitor – monitor tethering connections from the status area .
Theme Marina – dark blue theme for Maemo 5 .
TouchSearch – A desktop widget which allows you to search the web using numerous search engines like Google , IMDB or Wikipedia .
Transmission –
An easy and free BitTorrent client
Tubes – A simple offline router for the London Underground system .
Timeshop – highly customizable timers on your N900 .
Too complex for my daily use , it might come in handy for other users .
Tower Cell Info – Cell Tower information
Tweakr – a control panel to tweak various settings
ukeyboard – additional - screen keyboard layouts
Unzip add - on for the File Manager
uremote – a client for remotely managing uTorrent
VBG – Nintendo GameBoy emulator
VGBA – Nintendo GameBoy Advance emulator
vncviewer – a client that allows the user to view a ‘ desktop ’ environment from anywhere on the Internet .
wallpapercreator – this application helps creating image sets directly on device .
webcamviewer – according to the developer ’s website ‘ Webcam Viewer is desktop widget for nokia N900 , which shows pictures over the internet ’ .
WifiInfo – ‘ shows current WLAN status ‘ .
witter – a very functional twitter client , but a bit tricky to use in some cases .
WordPress – Official WordPress blogging client .
Xournal – Maemo application for note taking .
I ’ve actually found it quite useful as a drawing board to sketch some ideas .
XChat IRC Client – An IRC client for Maemo
yfrog – Photo and Video uploader to Twitter
Zoutube – Browse and watch Youtube videos
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Post - Scriptum
As with all good things that come in small packages , this blog post started from being just a plain list of app names to become something … bigger , it seems .
At first glance , Nokia N900 excels with a good selection of office and networking tools , and has a pretty decent number of emulators to keep the gaming flame alive on the N900 .
But there ’re also some gray areas , like the small number of native Maemo 5 games or the still evolving twitter clients .
We can only hope that once Ovi Store for N900 comes out of beta , the array of apps becomes more varied ( although the device still has a very limited user demographic ) .
I ’ve only populated this list with apps that were already up and running on my N900 .
Also , it ’s quite obvious I did n’t go for any hard to install mods and hacks that are in great number on such open device as N900 .
It is , without any doubts , a completely different world out there .
Â
For the sake of keeping it simple and accessible to average N900 user ( such as myself ) , I ’ve only touched upon things that can be installed in a moment ’s notice and without any hassles , getting the risk free result you were promised .
But in the end , I strongly encourage you , dear reader , to voice your opinion in the comments section on any deserving apps I might have missed along the way .
Let me know , and Â I ’ll do my part in keeping this list up to date with the most interesting and useful apps that Nokia N900 has to offer .
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Liked this post ?
Then you might also enjoy my list of top S60 3rd edition apps !
Advertisements
Related
Category : Applications , Linux , Maemo , Nokia
Update : Modern Perl : the book is out !
Skip the draft and download the real thing .
Last week at YAPC I finished editing the draft of Modern Perl : The Book .
I 'm pleased with how it 's turned out , but I 'm not yet ready to hit the " Ship it to stores ! " button .
In particular , I could use your help :
Is the material accurate ?
Is the material effective in its explanations ?
Are any parts confusing ?
Is the material comprehensive ?
Are there typos or infelicities ?
Are the cross references appropriate ?
Is the organization and order sensible ?
You can always render the latest version of the book from a Github checkout by running perl build / tools / build_chapters.pl and perl build / tools / build_html.pl .
You must install Pod :: PseudoPod to build the HTML .
The easiest way to install Pod :: PseudoPod is to install cpanminus , either with your packaging system or with commands like :
cd ~/bin wget http://xrl.us/cpanm chmod +x cpanm
Then run cpanm Pod:: PseudoPod .
I 've also uploaded the file to the drafts section of this website .
I welcome any and all feedback .
You 're more than welcome to contact me directly , but the easiest mechanism for me to receive feedback is in the form of bug reports , patches , and pull requests on Github .
Please feel free to add your contact information to the CREDITS file if you prepare a patch , even for the simplest typo .
Gratitude is important and I have much to share .
We plan to send the book to the printer sometime in August , and we 'll certainly make PDFs and ePub versions available as well .
For now , please do n't redistribute the book ; please instead distribute links to the book .
The draft chapters are :
Preface
1 of 1 2 of 1
Supporters of public education need to realize they ’re in the middle of a war for its future , and they ’re losing .
The Fraser Institute ’s school report - card program is merely the opening salvo in a campaign to strip public education of its funding and direct the resources to the private and nonprofit sectors .
Every year the institute spends hundreds of thousands of dollars to compile and disseminate its rankings of elementary and secondary schools .
It has undreamed - of support from corporate media , which turn over dozens of pages each year for school rankings in the Vancouver Sun , Calgary Herald , Edmonton Sun , Toronto Sun , Ottawa Citizen , Windsor Star , and Quebec newsmagazine L’Actualité .
Every year teachers ’- union executives and education experts write op - ed pieces pointing out the serious deficiencies in the rankings .
And every year the media play the rankers and their critics as a debate between two equally valid viewpoints .
Lost in the debate are the goals of universally accessible , publicly funded education , such as preparing children for citizenship , cultivating a skilled work force , and developing critical - thinking skills .
For its part , the Fraser Institute could n’t care less what the teachers say .
It knows the report - card program is working the way it intends , which is to undermine public confidence in the public system .
The wealthy , who send their children to private schools , ask , “ Why should I pay for the public system , especially the failing parts ? ”
And the poor ask , “ I ’m not getting a fair deal from the public system .
Is there something else ? ”
Families are already buying houses near high - ranked public schools if they can afford to , or bussing their kids if they ’re fortunate enough to gain access to “ better ” schools .
And divorcing parents fighting in the courts for custody of their children are citing the school rankings as a reason why the parent who lives near a high - ranked school should get custody .
The institute ’s Peter Cowley , who manages the report cards , and whose background is marketing , not education , is clear about the goal of school ranking : to “ establish one of the conditions necessary for a free market in education ; namely the availability to consumers , in this case parents , of reliable information on the comparative value of services provided by competing suppliers , in this case schools ” , he wrote in the September 2007 issue of Fraser Forum , the institute ’s magazine .
Other conditions are necessary for a free market in education , the think tank says , and it is working to establish these , too .
Most important is to create a system in which government or private entities provide vouchers so that children from disadvantaged families can attend private schools .
The Fraser Institute already has a program dedicated to this activity in Ontario and Alberta .
Children
First is bankrolled by the deep pockets of Canada ’s third - wealthiest family , the Westons , to the tune of $ 2 million to $ 3 million a year .
Poor families compete for these vouchers , which can be used to attend religious or private schools .
And once one provincial government offers its own taxpayer - financed vouchers , for - profit school chains will flood into that province .
This dismal prospect is most likely to occur first in Alberta , where Danielle Smith , leader of the Wildrose Alliance , stands a good chance of becoming the next premier .
Smith has advocated vouchers since she was a Fraser Institute intern in the mid-’90s .
While in the think tank ’s employ , she coauthored a study with Vancouver Sun editorial pages editor Fazil Mihlar ( then the institute ’s director of deregulation ) , which concluded that “ schools must be given the freedom to innovate , ” and that making schools compete through a voucher scheme was the way to do this .
To prepare for the day when taxpayer - funded vouchers become a reality , the Fraser Institute already has a Web site promoting for - profit school chains .
“ The intended effect of the report cards , ” Cowley wrote in 2007 , is “ to encourage multi- faceted competition among schools , both public and private . ”
It is indeed true that high - priced private schools do compete for students from wealthy families .
When the Calgary Herald publishes the Fraser Institute ’s Alberta school rankings , twice each year , Cowley notes , private schools are prominent advertisers in the paper .
The March 21 Herald , for instance , gave prominent placement to the institute ’s annual Alberta elementary rankings , leading with a front - page story and 14 pages in the B section .
Clear Water Academy , an independent Catholic school , Glenmore Christian Academy , Menno Simons Christian School , and Master ’s Academy and College all paid the Herald for ads in the rankings section , while Webber Academy took out a half - page colour ad trumpeting the fact that “ the Fraser Institute has ranked Webber Academy as one of the top schools in Alberta . ”
Webber can easily afford the ad : it charges elementary students $ 14,000 a year in tuition .
But private schools have always competed for the children of the elite and the nouveau riche , so the Fraser Institute has not actually encouraged competition here .
Public schools are the real target .
Competition should not be relevant to public schools , which must educate children from a wide range of socioeconomic and cultural backgrounds .
Public schools must take everyone in the catchment area who shows up at the door , while private schools can screen their students based on testing , report cards , letters of reference , and interviews , to determine if a potential student will “ fit in ” with the school ’s culture .
So what is the point of claiming that poor inner-city schools , where parents may have two or three jobs and kids go to class hungry , are competing with wealthy schools , where parents have the time and resources to support their children ’s education ?
The point of the exercise is to undermine public confidence in the system as a whole , to frame education as a market composed of hundreds of individual schools where the improvement or deterioration of a school ’s ranking is due to the effort of principal , teachers , and students .
The Fraser Institute already has a program to make this point .
It hands out awards — with a little cash ( also financed by the Westons ) — in B.C. , Alberta , Ontario , and Quebec , to schools whose rankings topped the list over five years , schools whose rankings went up the most , and schools whose rankings are higher than they should be , given their socioeconomic status .
Conclusion : education is improved through the efforts of individual schools .
Government officials and teachers ’ unions play no part in this endeavour .
In fact , as free - enterprise guru Milton Friedman insisted , they are the enemy , resisting improved education because they promote their own agendas , which are not those of parents and children .
( Note the name of the Fraser ’s voucher program : Children First . )
Friedman launched the project to turn education into a market with an article he wrote in 1955 .
He was alarmed by “ the trend toward collectivism ” and worried about an “ indiscriminate extension of governmental responsibility ” into education through government - run schools .
Friedman proposed vouchers , which local governments would give to each child through the child ’s family to pay for a general education at any type of school the family deemed appropriate .
“ Competition is the most effective way to improve quality , whether in computers , in automobiles , in suits , or in schooling , ” Friedman once told an interviewer .
Forty years later , Friedman was still railing at public education .
“ Public schools , ” he wrote in 1995 , three years before the Fraser Institute started ranking schools , “ are not really public at all but simply private fiefs of the administrators and the union officials . ”
The Fraser Institute hews closely to Friedman ’s line .
Institute founder Michael Walker was a close friend of Friedman ’s , and Friedman was an early Fraser Institute adviser and author .
Walker is still a director of Milton and Rose Friedman ’s voucher - advocacy organization , the Foundation for Educational Choice , based in Indianapolis , Indiana .
Friedman ’s efforts to apply market principles to education and other areas of social and cultural life have been seen as so extreme that they have been labelled as “ market fundamentalism ” .
The Longview Institute , a progressive think tank in California , defines market fundamentalism as “ the exaggerated faith that when markets are left to operate on their own , they can solve all economic and social problems ” .
Faith , not fact ; ideology , not economics .
Thanks to massive corporate backing and to the work over many decades of the Fraser Institute and similar think tanks around the world , market fundamentalism has extended its grip on much of public - policy debate in Canada and the United States .
Privatizing public schools is a key priority .
A 2007 study by the progressive National Committee for Responsive Philanthropy found that conservative foundations in the U.S. were pumping about US $ 100 million a year into organizations advocating for vouchers and school choice .
The Walton Family Foundation , whose money comes from Wal - Mart , provided the lion ’s share of the money , more than US $ 140 million over the five years of the study .
Even U.S. president Barack Obama is veering toward school choice .
The Obamas chose Sidwell Friends School , a private Quaker school , for daughters Sasha and Malia .
Vice - President Joe Biden ’s grandchildren also attend the school , where tuition is upward of US $ 28,000 per child .
And Obama ’s selection of Arne Duncan , CEO of the Chicago public - school system , as his secretary of education also raises concerns .
Duncan is a strong advocate of measuring schools through comprehensive testing , shutting down underperforming schools and replacing them with charter schools where policies are set by parents , and where teachers ’ unions are normally not certified .
Obama created a US $ 4.35 - billion
Race to the Top fund to encourage cash - strapped states to expand the presence of charter schools and to punish — and perhaps even fire — teachers who fail to lift student scores on standardized tests in reading and math .
Teachers must face the fact that the deep pockets of the report - card sponsors — and increasing political support — will ensure rankings continue to be produced for as long as it takes to privatize K - 12 education .
The Fraser Institute and its market - fundamentalist allies are in the war for the long haul .
In 1998 , the institute produced its first report card on B.C. secondary schools .
Expansion was rapid , encompassing Alberta secondary schools in 1999 ; Quebec secondary schools in 2000 ( with the collaboration of the Montreal Economic Institute ) ; Ontario secondary schools in 2001 ; Alberta elementary schools in 2002 ; B.C. and Ontario elementary schools in 2003 ( the same year that the Atlantic Institute for Market Studies , a market - fundamentalist think tank in Halifax , started ranking all secondary schools in Atlantic Canada ) ; B.C. aboriginal education in 2004 ; and Washington - state elementary , middle , and high schools in 2009 ( with the help of the Evergreen Freedom Foundation ) .
In 2010 , the Atlantic Institute for Market Studies and the Frontier Centre for Public Policy , another market - fundamentalist think tank in Winnipeg , served notice they will be ranking all secondary schools in Western Canada .
Their target is the NDP government of Manitoba , which has refused to turn test scores over to the think tanks .
School report cards put teachers and education experts in a difficult spot .
They know the rankings are false and misleading , but they do their cause no good when they refute the rankings .
University of Michigan social psychologist Norbert Schwarz found that repeating falsehoods and slogans helps lodge them in people ’s minds .
Refuting them can lead people to remember the falsehoods better .
It does n’t seem to matter if the falsehood comes from several sources or from one source repeating it multiple times , Schwarz found .
“ A repetitive voice sounds like a chorus , ” Schwarz contends .
Adolf Hitler held a similar view .
He wrote in Mein Kampf that “ only constant repetition will finally succeed in imprinting an idea on the memory of the crowd . ”
Constant repetition is a hallmark of Fraser Institute studies .
It has produced hospital waiting lists for 19 years ; “ Tax Freedom Day ” for 34 years ; an “ Economic Freedom of the World ” index for 13 years ; and B.C. secondary - school report cards for 11 years and counting .
Teachers respond to the report cards with accurate information , pointing out limitations in the ranking system , such as the narrowness of the criteria .
But the studies done by Schwarz suggest that denials and clarifications , even though they seem like the correct thing to do , can actually increase the impact of the report cards .
Rather than refuting a false claim , Schwarz and his colleagues found , it is better to put forward a completely new claim that makes no reference to the original falsehood .
University of California cognitive scientist George Lakoff makes a similar point when he explains that conservatives are winning the war of ideas because they have managed to frame public debate on just about every issue .
Lakoff defines a frame as a mental structure that shapes the way we see the world .
Once a frame has been clamped on an issue of public concern , denying the frame merely reinforces it .
Two frames , or fundamental values , dominate western democratic societies : freedom and justice .
In the 1960s they merged in the civil - rights movements of African - Americans , students , women , and other oppressed groups .
As Martin Luther King Jr. said in his stirring “ I Have a Dream ” speech on August 28 , 1963 , at the Lincoln Memorial in Washington , D.C. : “ I have a dream that one day even the state of Mississippi , a state sweltering with the heat of injustice , sweltering with the heat of oppression , will be transformed into an oasis of freedom and justice . ”
But half a century later , the oasis of freedom and justice remains a speck on the horizon .
For that unhappy state of affairs we can thank the work of market fundamentalists , who captured control of public policy by driving a wedge between freedom and justice , sanctifying the former and demonizing the latter .
The lofty value of individual freedom was debased into shabby advocacy for the free market .
Freedom of speech , of association , and of choice became freedom to exploit and freedom to be greedy , as Austrian philosopher Karl Polanyi warned .
Freedom came to mean being free to choose between competing consumer products , such as higher - and lower - ranking schools .
As the Fraser Institute puts it , the purpose of the Children First voucher program is to help “ families afford the school of their choice ” .
Justice , in its many manifestations — social , economic , environmental — was attacked mercilessly , while the two institutions most capable of promoting justice , government and unions , were cast as enemies to be crushed .
For Fox News Channel resident demagogue Glenn Beck , social justice is a threat to freedom .
He recently defined it as “ forced redistribution of wealth with a hostility toward individual property rights , under the guise of charity and / or justice ” , perpetrated by progressives , socialists , and Marxists .
Unions have a long history of promoting justice .
The B.C. Teachers ’ Federation , for example , engages in many social - justice initiatives that “ focus on poverty , child and youth issues , race relations , gender equity , homophobia and heterosexism , bullying , environmental issues , globalization , and violence prevention ” , as well as on aboriginal education .
The task for progressives is to condense social - justice programs into a frame that can be clamped onto education and can challenge the hateful rhetoric of the Glenn Becks of the world .
If public - education supporters hope to counter the success of market fundamentalism , they must stop denying the free - market frame and start constructing a frame based on social justice , and they must be prepared to do this consistently for many years .
SILWAN , East Jerusalem – Ever wonder what a future America might look like if the Tea Party took over ?
Try today 's Israel .
That distinctive brew of left - baiting , Obama - hating , poorly veiled racism , clergy - driven jingoism , clergy - fanned derision of the Supreme Court , the Luddite insertion of anti-government bile where an ideology should go , a majority which feels victimized and discriminated against and threatened by minorities of indeterminate legal status – it's all here .
It just speaks Hebrew .
In fact , for a far - right segment of U.S. Jewry which , since the rise of Barack Obama , has mushroomed in volume and impact if not in numbers , anti-government animus has taken what may have been an inevitable next step : finding ways to betray in one stroke the policies and , in fact , the national interests of both the United States and Israel .
For proof , you need not rough it to the pistol - packing West Bank badlands , with their Bible - thumping libertarian homages to Dennis Hopper - strength nihilism .
Just leave the relatively friendly confines of West Jerusalem and stroll to the city 's embattled Arab half .
At any given Israeli prime ministerial visit to the president of the United States , right - wing Israeli Jews and their American vicarious Zionist groupies / bankrollers / plaque recipients will be hard at work leveraging settlement activity to jut a wrench into the works of anything smacking of a glimmer of a possible peace , or any effort at reconciliation .
Open gallery view Palestinian youths throw stones at Israeli military vehicle in the Silwan neighborhood of East Jerusalem , in May 2010 .
Credit : Archive
In this regard , no one comes close to the Grand Old Man of befouling Jerusalem and U.S. - Israeli relations by remote control , the retired physician - turned - bingo parlor mogul Irving Moskowitz of Miami Beach .
For years , Moskowitz has played godfather to what may be called the Inpost Settlements – moving Jews into East Jerusalem enclaves of dubious legality but unquestioned incendiary impact on the Palestinian population and the prospects of a future peace .
This week , two days after more than a thousand Jews and Arabs marched peaceably through the streets of Jerusalem 's Palestinian Silwan neighborhood just south of the Old City walls , work began on a new settler neighborhood in a particularly sensitive quarter of East Jerusalem , Sheikh Jarrah .
The owner and operator : Irving Moskowitz .
So practiced is the good doctor at acts of sabotage by real estate , that the following Time article , now 14 years old , could have been written today , with the revision only of the name of America 's chief diplomat :
" Madeleine Albright , Secretary of State of the world 's only superpower , visits the Middle East and manages to accomplish nothing for the peace process .
Irving Moskowitz goes to the region after her , and the next thing you know , the process is threatened anew with riot and rupture .
Of course , it 's easier to hurt than help the onerous business of negotiating peace , but that 's what makes Irving Moskowitz arguably the most pivotal player in the Middle East at the moment . "
To be fair , Moskowitz has a serious rival of late in the race to dismantle the U.S. - Israel relationship , Jerusalem Mayor Nir Barkat .
Not to be outdone by the Moskowitz initiative , Barkat this week leaned on his diplomatic Murder Incorporated , the Jerusalem Planning and Building Commission , to approve the razing of 22 Arab homes in the tinderbox neighborhood of Silwan , just south of the Old City walls , in order to make way for The King 's Park , a pointed reference to the assertive if at times amoral David of the Jews .
Just a year and a half in office , Barkat has gone to great lengths – crowned by a spectacularly damaging post -Biden visit to Washington – to insult the U.S. government and embarrass his own .
But the Silwan affair sets the bar at a new low .
The self - styled champion of authorized construction , Barkat rammed the project through the committee despite grave reservations on the part of Jerusalem City Engineer Shlomo Eshkol , Jerusalem municipality Legal Adviser Yossi Havilio , and the city the department which inspects building plans prior to their submission to the planning committee , which , according to documents obtained by Haaretz , found some 250 defects in the Silwan plan .
The thought occurs , that it is time to call the mayor by the name he has earned : Nero Barkat .
If there is one man whose fiddling will cause this city to burn , this is your man .
Not Raed Salah , not Irving Moskowitz , not Khaled Mashal .
Nero .
This is dual disoyalty of an even more profound sort .
In putting demagoguery and pandering to the far - right above the interests of Jerusalem Barkat is a true traitor to his city , and a true traitor to Israel .
His actions go far beyond harming the fabric of life in this city of intolerable tensions and chronic woe .
In his recklessness and tunnel vision , Barkat is undermining the very legitimacy of Israel at a time when Israel can least afford it .
Forget , for the moment , that Palestinians universally , and justly , view East Jerusalem as their capital .
Forget the issue of whether Israel has a right to claim all of Jerusalem – a claim which , having earned the world 's ( and America 's ) resounding non-recognition , has left Israel as formally the only nation on the planet without a capital .
Consider , instead , the issue of whether Israel is acting as a worthy custodian for this sacred city which , more than any other , belongs to the world .
As Israel treats Jerusalem , so shall the world treat Israel .
As Jerusalem goes , so goes Israel .
Mournful is the Holy City whose mayor is a shvontz .
BMW Z4 roadster made out of stone and mortar was spotted in Beijing , China .
Stunning full size replica comes complete with glass windows and detailed interior also made from stone .
[ photos by Eric Brum ]
Also check out : Modern Fossils by Christopher Locke
* Consumer filings up 18 pct , business filings up 2 pct
* Nevada has most filings per capita , Arizona filings soar
NEW YORK , May 14 ( Reuters ) - U.S. bankruptcy filings resumed their upward climb in the first quarter , nearly equaling their highest level since 2005 , as high unemployment and a still - strained housing market squeezed consumers .
There were 388,148 filings between January and September , up 17 percent from 330,394 a year earlier , according to data released Friday by the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts .
Consumer filings rose 18 percent to 373,541 , while business filings edged up 2 percent to 14,607 .
Filings also rose 4 percent from last year ’s fourth quarter , the government data show .
That had been the first period with a quarter - to - quarter drop in filings since 2006 .
For the 12 months ended March 31 , there were 1.53 million filings , up 27 percent from a year earlier and the most since 2006 .
Some experts expect the number to stay above 1.5 million in future periods .
“ We ’re not anyway near through our housing situation , and are going to see more foreclosures , perhaps for another three years , ” said David Jones , president of the Association of Independent Consumer Credit Counseling Agencies in Fairfax , Virginia .
“ The job situation is also serious .
It ’s not just that people cannot find jobs , but many who have found jobs are finding them at lower wages . ”
First - quarter filings were the second - most since the fourth quarter of 2005 , when Congress overhauled federal bankruptcy laws to make it tougher for people to file .
They nearly equaled the 388,485 filings in the third quarter of 2009 .
According to the American Bankruptcy Institute , Arizona had a 69 percent rise in total filings over the last year , the biggest increase in any federal district .
On a per capita basis , Nevada had the most filings , with 11.7 per 1,000 people .
Both states have been among the hardest hit by the nation ’s housing and commercial real estate problems .
Tennessee ranked second per capita , followed by Georgia , Indiana and Alabama .
Among the most populous states , California was 8th per capita , Texas 48th , New York 41st and Florida 15th .
Alaska had the fewest filings per capita , with 1.54 per 1,000 people .
In the quarter , about 73 percent of bankruptcy filings came under Chapter 7 of the U.S. bankruptcy code , 26 percent under Chapter 13 , and most of the rest under Chapter 11 .
Consumers use Chapter 7 to get a fresh financial start .
Chapter 13 lets people discharge some debts .
Businesses often use Chapters 7 and 11 .
Farmers use Chapter 12 of the code .
( Reporting by Jonathan Stempel , editing by Gerald E. McCormick )
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) --
Just a few months after passing comprehensive health reform , U.S. lawmakers appear willing to risk a short - term backslide in the push to reduce the number of uninsured Americans until the overhaul 's major provisions take effect in 2014 .
Unless Congress passes an extension retroactively , people who lose their jobs on or after June 1 no longer will receive government financial help to cover 65 % of their premium costs for Cobra health coverage , which lets them continue on their former employer 's group health plan .
The U.S. House of Representatives stripped out of a recent jobs bill a provision that would have extended the Cobra payment subsidy .
That bill now heads to the Senate .
See story on House extends jobless benefits , tax breaks .
If lawmakers choose not to extend the Cobra subsidy , the only people who could claim those subsidies for 15 months are those who were laid off between Sept. 2008 and May 31 , 2010 .
Cobra coverage requires former employees to pay full freight for their health insurance , meaning the entire cost of the premium plus an administrative fee of up to 2 % .
In exchange , they 're allowed to keep their comprehensive benefits and the network of doctors and hospitals to which they 're accustomed .
Monthly family premiums for Cobra coverage run $ 387 on average with the help of the subsidy made possible by the 2009 economic stimulus package , according to a new study from Families USA , a health - care advocacy group in Washington .
Without the subsidy , family premiums will jump to an average $ 1,107 a month .
The government has been picking up the difference of about $ 720 a month for eligible people .
Without that financial help , many jobless workers may be surprised to find out how much of their unemployment insurance checks are gobbled up by Cobra premiums .
Those who are newly laid off and do n't qualify for the subsidy will have to spend 84 % of their monthly unemployment insurance checks on Cobra premiums to keep their families insured , Families USA found .
The average monthly unemployment income is $ 1,313 compared with an average charge of $ 1,107 for Cobra coverage , according to the report .
The average cost of Cobra without government financial aid exceeds the average income from jobless benefits in 11 states .
" It 's ironic that in a little over two months after health reform passed and is designed to achieve significant coverage improvement , in the short term we will go backwards , " said Ron Pollack , executive director of Families USA .
Shopping on your own
People who lose their jobs after June 1 may be able to find coverage on the individual market if they can afford it and they do n't have a preexisting condition that disqualifies them , said Edwin Park , co-director for health policy at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities in Washington .
Under the new health - reform law , health insurers will be banned from discriminating against people with preexisting conditions , but that provision does n't kick in until 2014 .
A transition program that patches together a network of high - risk pools for the medically uninsurable is still in the planning stages .
" Cobra coverage is so expensive , but the alternatives are either going without coverage or having to go to the individual market , " Park said .
" As long as there 's not a gap of 63 days or more in coverage , you 're guaranteed access to the individual market so insurers can't deny you .
But it may not provide the same comprehensive benefits . "
Ron Antonette , 41 , a self - employed public - relations professional in Long Beach , Calif. , knows how the uncertainty of government subsidies can change a family 's personal finances .
He elected Cobra coverage for most of 2009 after losing a job .
He estimates the government subsidy saved his family of four $ 800 to $ 1,000 a month .
" I ended in advance of when the subsidy was going to run out , " he said of the last time Congress weighed extending the subsidy .
" I did n't want to be committed for the whole year , and we were n't going to be able to afford the 65 % increase .
By moving to our own health insurance , we actually reduced our costs considerably .
" This is our first experience of actually having to shop for health insurance , " he said , noting that he chose a high - deductible plan after working with a broker and feels lucky his family does n't have any preexisting health conditions .
" If you have medical conditions you may have to stay with what you have . "
Where to find coverage
Adults who can't find coverage on the individual market may be able to get health care on a sliding - fee scale at community health centers , and families may be able to enroll their children in the state children 's health insurance program , Pollack said .
At the same time Congress grapples with extending Cobra assistance , it also has the chance to extend financial relief for state Medicaid programs , which would preserve benefits for low - income people in need of health care .
Unless Congress acts , " it means states left and right are going to be cutting back Medicaid services , " Pollack said .
That could mean reduced benefits , increased cost - sharing for beneficiaries or lower reimbursement for health - care providers that accept Medicaid patients .
In the meantime , hope that employers will begin hiring in earnest again remains tepid .
The national unemployment rate fell to 9.7 % in May from 9.9 % in April , a move that mostly reflects the addition of temporary Census workers , the U.S. Labor Department reported Friday .
See story on hiring weak in May except for Census workers .
The prospects for more continuous health coverage look rosier in 2014 , when Medicaid expansion and new health - insurance exchanges that offer subsidies to low - and moderate - income people to buy coverage are slated to get off the ground , Park said .
" Employer - based coverage will still be the predominant source of coverage , " he said , " " but when people lose their jobs and health insurance they 'll have affordable alternatives that they do n't have now . "
Star Wars IPad Briefing
What do you get when you combine the audio from Steve Jobs iPad introduction and the Death Star attack briefing from Star Wars : A New Hope ?
Well , not huge laughs , but at least a smile on this glorious Memorial Day holiday .
( Via SW : TOR Strategies )
APB ’s Key To The City event launches tomorrow .
We ’ve got the trifling matter of 50,000 keys to give away .
Yes , we did n’t get the zeros wrong .
If you were a subscriber to RPS you ’d have heard about this a while back and been guaranteed to have gotten one before the rush .
And now , everyone else in the universe gets a go .
So if you want a key to play Realtime World ’s APB Key To The City open beta from tomorrow , you need to CLICK RIGHT HERE .
Stick in your email address , and until we run out of keys you should receive an email within an hour letting you know your key .
Once you ’ve done that , make sure to check out APB ’s site from tomorrow morning to see details of when the beta goes live .
We ’re told 9 am is a sensible time to check , whichever side of the Atlantic you ’re on .
EDIT : We are assured by Realtime Worlds that EU codes should work for Rest Of World .
Some are reporting they are not .
Definitely try choosing EU and inserting an EU code .
We are hearing stories of success too .
US and EU definitely work .
EDIT 2 : Canadians who did not receive US keys , please try again now .
Every IP get 2 goes anyway .
Sorry about this oversight .
Here ’s some details about APB , just in case you ’ve somehow missed the news about Realtime World ’s online world of crime and punishment :
Imagine a living , breathing , modern city .
Put this city online and populate it with thousands of players .
Their mission : to gain fame and fortune , fast .
Many will become Criminals , supporting themselves by feeding on the citizens of San Paro .
Others will choose to join the Enforcers – and feed on the Criminals .
Imagine joining in .
Which side will you pick ?
How will you play ?
The choice is yours .
Key features : • Experience fast - paced third - person action in a persistent online multiplayer world
• Earn money , clothing , weapons , and cars as you play
• Customize your character to achieve a unique look
• Master the radically different styles of gameplay ; Criminal and Enforcer
• Gain real - life celebrity through in - game displays of your characters and designs
• Become known as San Paro ’s premier car thief , clothing designer , “ death theme ” musician , or assassin .
If you ’ve clicked you may be rather astonished to see how awesome our key distribution page is .
This is thanks to the excellent ‘ frog ’ , and the fine folks at Dark Water Studios .
It ’s so magical that despite the game being region specific , it will have automagically identified where you are and sent the appropriate key !
They are best .
WHY IS LIZ CHENEY ON MY TEEVEE ?….
Liz Cheney , who has no expertise in national security policy , continues to be given media platforms by outlets that prefer to pretend she knows what she ’s talking about .
Take this morning , for example , when Cheney condemned the Obama administration on “ Fox News Sunday . ”
“ When the administration captures a terrorist and their first instinct is to inform him that he ’s got the right to remain silent , that is exactly the wrong way to win this war .
Is that so .
Would - be shoe bomber Richard Reid was read his Miranda rights five minutes after being taken off a plane he tried to blow up .
The same people who criticize the president today were silent back then .
I ’m still waiting for Liz Cheney to explain why the Bush / Cheney administration had the wrong “ instincts ” and embraced “ exactly the wrong way ” to be effective on counter - terrorism .
As for the Shahzad case in particular , Liz Cheney continues to say things that are n’t true .
Factually , the administration ’s “ first instinct ” was to invoke a public safety exception to the Miranda process , delaying steps to make the suspect aware of his rights .
Shahzad provided information before and after being Mirandized .
In other words , the Obama administration ’s approach was effective and successful .
Why partisan hacks are whining about it now remains a separate question .
It appears that listening to Liz Cheney is exactly the wrong way to understand current events .
June 23 , 2010  -- President Obama today relieved embattled Gen. Stanley McChrystal from his position as the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan for his remarks belittling administration officials , replacing him with Gen. David Petraeus , currently head of United States Central Command .
McChrystal 's conduct , as detailed in the Rolling Stone article , " does not meet the standard that should be set by a commanding general , " the president said today .
" It undermines the civilian control of the military that is at the core of our Democratic system , and it erodes the trust that 's necessary for our team to work together to achieve our objectives in Afghanistan . "
The president praised McChrystal for his " extraordinary dedication " and " love of the country , " but made it clear the comments McChrystal and his aides made could jeopardize the U.S. mission in Afghanistan .
" All Americans should be grateful for Gen. McChrystal 's remarkable career in uniform .
But war is bigger than any one man or woman , whether a private , general or a president , " the president said .
" I believe that it is the right decision for our national security . "
Obama said the change was needed to maintain unity of U.S. efforts in Afghanistan and to " hold ourselves accountable to standards that are at the core of our democracy . "
The president reaffirmed that the change in personnel did n't mean a change in U.S. policy .
" I welcome debate among my team , but I wo n't tolerate division , " he said .
The embattled general , who was named the top commander in Afghanistan a year ago , met Obama for about 30 minutes this morning .
He offered his resignation and the president accepted it , and no formal letter of resignation was offered , an administration official said .
In a written statement , McChrystal said he resigned out of " a desire to see the mission succeed . "
" This morning the president accepted my resignation as Commander of U.S. and NATO Coalition Forces in Afghanistan , " McChrystal said .
" I strongly support the president 's strategy in Afghanistan and am deeply committed to our coalition forces , our partner nations , and the Afghan people .
It was out of respect for this commitment -- and a desire to see the mission succeed -- that I tendered my resignation . "
Obama spoke with Defense Secretary Robert Gates earlier today about possible replacements , including Petraeus , who was thought to be the best choice , since he would provide " the greatest amount of continuity " with the mission .
On the ground , news of McChrystal 's dismissal and Petraeus ' new position was met with surprise , but also a sense of relief that an experienced commander will take the helm .
As one Marine told ABC News , " the softball is teed up for Petraeus to hit it out of the park . "
Some Marines said the new position may be a bit of a comedown for Petraeus , 57 , who is best known for turning around the Iraq war in 2007 and is widely credited with devising the U.S. counterinsurgency strategy .
In September 2008 , as Petraeus was leaving Iraq , Gates dubbed him the " hero of the hour . "
In Washington , lawmakers also heaved a sigh of relief at Petraeus ' pick , well regarded on both sides of the political aisle for his leadership in the Iraq war .
" This is the most pressing theater , the most pressing mission , and Petraeus is someone who has the relationships and has the relationship with the president , and has the experience dealing publicly with people and the press , " said Nate Fick , chief executive of the Center for a New American Security .
" It 's a good save . "
Petraeus ' pick won in Republican circles and muted any criticism that could have emerged from McChrystal 's removal .
" There is no one more qualified or more outstanding a leader than Gen. Petraeus to achieve successful conclusion of the Afghan conflict , " Sen .
John McCain , R - Ariz. , ranking member of the Senate Armed Services Committee , said today .
House Minority Leader John Boehner , R - Ohio , called Petraeus " the right person to take over this command . "
In a statement , Sen. John Kerry , D - Mass. , who chairs the Senate Foreign Relations Committee was similarly enthusiastic .
Obama 's " decision to return General Petraeus to the battlefield provides not just continuity in philosophy , but tested diplomatic skill that is at the very center of a military strategy which hinges on progress in governance to sustain military gains , " Kerry said .
But Republicans did take the opportunity to question the administration 's timetable for withdrawal .
" David Petraeus is our best hope , " Sen . Lindsey Graham , R - S.C. , said .
" If things do n't change , nobody can pull out of Afghanistan . "
Petraeus ' confirmation on Capitol Hill is expected to be swift , but it is likely to refocus attention on the war in Afghanistan , at a time when the White House agenda is grappling with a multitude of domestic issues , including the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico and the economy .
The war in Afghanistan has become the longest war in U.S. history , and more than 1,000 troops have died there since the U.S. invaded the country in 2001 .
Comments made by McChrystal and his aides to freelance writer Michael Hastings highlighted the lack of trust between the military and civilian leaders , and raised widespread concern over whether that would jeopardize U.S. operations in Afghanistan .
But despite the anger in the White House over McChrystal 's comments , the government of Afghan President Hamid Karzai threw its full support behind McChrystal and warned that his departure could disrupt U.S. - Afghanistan partnership .
McChrystal was often the intermediary between Karzai and U.S. leaders such as ambassador Karl Eikenberry , whose distrust of Karzai is well documented .
NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said in a statement that the group will continue to support the U.S. strategy and carry on as normal despite McChrystal 's departure .
" Our operations in Afghanistan are continuing today , and they will not miss a beat , " he said .
British Lt. Gen .
Parker will serve as the temporary NATO commander until Petraeus is confirmed , the British government announced today .
McChrystal Steps Down : ' A Sad , Tragic Day '
President Obama was " stern " today as he proceeded through a series of meetings that resulted in McChrystal 's ouster , a senior White House official said this afternoon .
The message from the president today was that everyone involved in the mission " needs to remember why we 're doing this , " the official said .
" He does n't want to see pettiness .
This job is n't about personalities and reputations , it 's about the men and women in uniform and serving our country . "
It undermines the mission and the unity of the team implementing the policy -- including U.S. allies , such as the French , who were also disparaged by McChrystal and his team in the Rolling Stone story , the official added .
" This was a sad , tragic day , " the official said .
McChrystal had informed Gates on Tuesday that he was prepared to resign , but contrary to reports Tuesday from other news outlets , he did n't offer his resignation until today , the official said .
After McChrystal left the White House , the president met for roughly 45 minutes with Gates , Vice President Biden , Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Admiral Mike Mullen , White House chief of staff Rahm Emanuel , and National Security Adviser Gen. James Jones to discuss next steps .
Immediately after that meeting , the president met with Petraeus and offered him the job .
" Petraeus had a sense that his name was being discussed , " the official said .
The president also spoke to his Cabinet , key lawmakers and and Karzai to inform them of the decision .
McChrystal admitted during his round of phone calls to top Obama administration officials that he had " compromised the mission , " a senior administration source told ABC News earlier today .
On Tuesday , Obama said McChrystal and his team showed " poor judgment , " but that he wanted to meet with him face to face before making a decision on whether to fire him .
Officials feared that McChrystal 's influence would be diminished and could jeopardize the momentum of the U.S. counterinsurgency strategy in Afghanistan .
At the same time , officials realized how closely tied McChrystal was with the current counterinsurgency strategy , and the fact that Gen. David McKiernan was dismissed from the same job last summer could cause upheaval in operations on the ground .
' The Runaway General '
The profile published in Rolling Stone , titled " The Runaway General , " characterized McChrystal as an outsider who did not relate well with the administration , and as a military leader who was " disappointed " with his first meeting with the president .
Hastings said McChrystal was fully aware of the notebook and tape recorder that the freelance journalist always had in his interviews .
" It was a sort of natural kind of recklessness that General McCrystal had , that has been with him through his entire career , as I understand it , I hear from the special forces community , " Hastings told ABC News ' Diane Sawyer Tuesday .
" Their willingness to take a risk is a part of their whole persona .
And inviting me in , was a obviously a risk , as it always is when you invite a journalist in . "
McChrystal and his aides criticized several top U.S. officials , including U.S. special envoy to Pakistan and Afghanistan Richard Holbrooke -- dubbed a " wounded animal . "
McChyrstal also said he felt betrayed by Eikenberry for the ambassador 's criticism of Karzai in a leaked cable .
One of the article 's most disparaging remarks comes from an unnamed adviser to McChrystal , who described the general 's first meeting with Obama .
" Obama clearly did n't know anything about him , who he was , " the aide said .
" Here 's the guy who 's going to run his [ expletive ] war , but he did n't seem very engaged .
The boss was pretty disappointed . "
McChrystal himself spoke openly about the time the president criticized him for speaking too bluntly about needing more troops last fall .
" I found that time painful , " McChrystal said in the article .
" I was selling an unsellable position . "
After news of the comments stunned the political and military circles from D.C. to Afghanistan , McChrystal quickly issued an apology for his " bad judgment . "
" I extend my sincerest apology for this profile .
It was a mistake reflecting poor judgment and should never have happened , " McChrystal said in a statement .
" Throughout my career , I have lived by the principles of personal honor and professional integrity .
What is reflected in this article falls far short of that standard . "
In his apology , McChrystal said he had " enormous respect and admiration for President Obama and his national security team , and for the civilian leaders and troops fighting this war " and said he remains " committed to ensuring its successful outcome . "
Duncan Boothby , a civilian press official in Afghanistan , resigned in the aftermath of the scandal .
Biden -- who one McChrystal adviser referred to as " Bite Me " -- was one of the few officials named in the story who did not comment , except to say Tuesdasy that he will have " plenty of time to talk about Afghanistan . "
ABC News ' Z. Byron Wolf and Jonathan Karl contributed to this report .
The first came from Andrew Ladd in the game 's opening seconds .
The Flyers were n't able to take advantage and after the penalty had ended , it looked like that failure could be catastrophic .
The Blackhawks were the dominant club , outchancing the Flyers 5 - 0 over a three minute span and looking like the much better team .
Thus , the immortal Tomas Kopecky decided that it would be just fantastic to take the second Moreaunic penalty of the period ; one horrendous gaffe from Niklas Hjalmarsson later , the Flyers had taken the lead and whatever je ne sais quoi it was the Hawks had had before falling behind .
It did n't return until Scott Hartnell returned the favour .
The unsportsmanlike conduct penalty was for banging his stick against the boards which strikes me as a ludicrous thing to call .
He was on the bench when it happened , so it was n't a frustration thing and apparently he'd been warned to knock it off already .
If it were n't for both Peter Laviolette and Hartnell himself looking and acting like he'd earned every bit of it , I 'd be sorely tempted to give the refs the stink - eye but if he earned it , well , then it 's an example of ridiculous stupidity on the part of the player and not the men in stripes .
The Flyers had contained the Hawks for the first half of the third period , successfully keeping them away from the scoring areas and even scoring a goal themselves in the process .
And then Hartnell banged his stick , the Hawks got some life , another call , and a goal to close the gap to two .
When the margin narrowed to one with four minutes to go it looked very much like the pale horse was riding into Philadelphia .
Thanks to some particularly strong goaltending from Michael Leighton , the Flyers survived and head to Chicago with the series tied .
Scoring chances and more after the jump .
For those who'd like a definition : a scoring chance is defined as a clear play directed toward the opposing net from a dangerous scoring area - loosely defined as the top of the circle in and inside the faceoff dots , though sometimes slightly more generous than that depending on the amount of immediately - preceding puck movement or screens in front of the net .
Blocked shots are generally not included but missed shots are .
A player is awarded a scoring chance anytime he is on the ice and someone from either team has a chance to score .
He is awarded a " chance for " if someone on his team has a chance to score and a " chance against " if the opposing team has a chance to score .
And , of course , a big thanks to Vic Ferrari for making the whole damn thing possible with his awesome scripts .
The Flyers three - game steak of outchancing has ended but they did keep things even or better for the fourth consecutive game at even strength .
This was likely the weakest defensive performance from the Flyers of the series but also by far their best goaltending performance .
It was amusing to hear Chris Pronger talk about their sloppy defensive play after Game One and then hear him speak on their ability to limit chances against last night when , in reality , they allowed more good chances in Game Four .
I suppose there 's probably an argument to be made around quality but I 'd be willing to bet that the difference in goaltending is what drove that perception .
There was a really interesting moment in terms of strategy last night when the Flyers iced the puck with about two minutes to go .
Gagne , Richards , Carter , Timonen and Krajicek had all been out there for about forty seconds already and the Flyers had already burned their time - out .
Tired players , no Pronger and a faceoff in the offensive zone .
In a very similar situation earlier in the series , Peter Laviolette ( correctly , in my view ) pulled his goalie .
Joel Quenneville did n't and although the Hawks had one good chance off that icing , that was it for the last two minutes .
I really think that he should have been more aggressive there .
If the Flyers do manage to win this series , I 'm sure there will be some who say that this team is the worst Stanley Cup champion of the post - expansion era .
In order to make that argument a success , someone would need to argue they played WAY above their heads in the Finals because this Blackhawks team is damn good and the Flyers , as a team , have outperformed them through the first four games .
That said , I 'm still kind of waiting on the Hawks to crush these guys and , every night , I 'm surprised when it does n't happen .
There was a lot of talk about line matching coming into this game and it seems that Joel Quenneville basically took my advice and all but abandoned the endeavour except with Duncan Keith who he tried to get out against Mike Richards and Co .
Other than that , it was Bolland and Madden getting d-zone duty with Sharp and Toews getting o- zone duty .
I think it was a better strategy and got better results but fully expect him to go back to hard matching once he gets last change back for Game Five .
When he does , he might be better to focus on shutting down Danny Briere and Scott Hartnell rather Mike Richards and crew , at least with his forwards .
The Richards group did n't have much success tonight against anyone while Briere 's group has been very good in almost every game so far .
Despite his strong scoring , I really think Ville Leino is a guy you can take advantage of if you get him defending .
One play that stuck out to me was right around 14:10 of the second period after the Flyers had been caught with an icing .
Leino got the puck near the top of the circle with a chance to clear and get a change but instead gave the puck away .
It did n't lead to anything , but it 's the kind of thing a team can really take advantage of .
Sealed by God
3. Kimmo Timonen - Mostly just for the pass on the third Philadelphia goal which was jaw - droppingly good .
He was kind of , sort of at fault on the third Hawks ' goal and he also took a penalty in the first but Timonen is getting pumped here because of how well he compares to his defense partner .
How the hell do you play 85 % of your ice time with someone and go +2 on chances while your partner goes - 3 ?
How does one guy end with a Corsi of - 19 and the other guy - 8 ?
Crazy .
2. Duncan Keith -
He was a joy to watch in this game , that last puck skipping on him be damned .
His closing speed on loose pucks and attacking forwards was simply amazing .
One example was at roughly 8:50 of the first period when Jeff Carter was breaking out of the Philadelphia zone .
For just a second he looked like he would have a step on Keith , but Keith caught him and angled him safely to the boards .
The game was filled with stuff like that .
I think his ability to pressure forwards and his awareness of how far he's able to push the play offensively without getting caught is what really drives his numbers .
A lesser defender makes that read with less precision and either gets beat to the outside by Carter for a scoring chance or is n't as available in the offensive zone , thus reducing the amount of chances his team gets when he 's out there .
Just a wonderful player .
1. Michael Leighton -
It 's not often I 'll give top honours to a goalie who allows a goal every seven chances ( also known as , being about average ) but I really thought that Leighton was fantastic .
The only pucks to beat him were either on wonky plays ( like the puck falling out of Timonen 's equipment ) or in ridiculous situations ( that five - on - three goal was pretty hard to stop ) .
If it was remotely stoppable , it seemed to me that Leighton stopped it .
Marked by the Beast
3. Niklas Hjalmarsson -
He actually was n't bad overall but those two mistakes in the first period were big ones .
Stripped Raped by Mike Richards on the first goal and then a perfect pass Matt Carle ( wrong team buddy ! ) on the second .
Antti Niemi did n't give him a whole lot of help on that first one but your having your defenseman get completely owned is n't exactly something you expect as a goalie .
2. Braydon Coburn -
There 's a big difference between playing a lot and playing well .
Coburn played more than any other Flyer with 27:52 of ice time on the night .
He also took a holding penalty that gave Chicago the five - on - three that they scored on .
It was the only goal the Hawks scored where Coburn was n't on the ice , though neither goal was " on him " specifically .
Still , the puck was always in the wrong place when Coburn was on the ice , his chance differential of - 3 buttressed by Corsi of - 19 and a Fenwick of - 10 .
As a team , the Flyers had a Corsi of - 4 and Fenwick of +4 when Coburn was on the bench .
He did n't play more than half of his even strength ice time against any one player which suggests that he struggled against pretty much everyone .
1. Patrick Kane -
So bad .
He was on the ice for all four of the Flyers even strength goals and got nothing done offensively all night .
At the end of the second period and into the third , Kane was moved off of the line with Jonathan Toews and onto the line with Dave Bolland .
Toews was +4 - 7 with Kane and +2 - 1 without while Bolland was +1 - 4 with Kane and +2 - 2 without .
Not so good Patrick Kane .
Not so good .
Image caption
An artist 's impression of an Iridium Next satellite in orbit
The mobile satellite services provider Iridium has ordered 81 spacecraft to upgrade its global network .
Thales Alenia Space of France will build the satellites - 66 to form the operational constellation , the remainder to act as spares .
The order makes the Iridium Next venture the biggest commercial space project in the world today .
The $ 2.1 bn deal has largely been underwritten by the French export credit guarantee organisation , Coface .
The overall cost of the Iridium Next project is likely to be about $ 2.9bn , much of which the company expects to finance out of its own cash flow .
" As you can all imagine , this is a great day for Iridium and the news we announce today represents a significant milestone in the life of our business , " said Matt Desch , the chief executive officer of Iridium .
" Iridium has selected Thales Alenia Space to be our prime contractor for Iridium Next , and our agreement constitutes a $ 2.1 bn commitment .
We signed an authorisation to proceed yesterday with TAS to immediately begin work designing and building our satellites , and this puts us on track for our first launch of the new satellites in the first quarter of 2015 . "
Sky flashes
Reynald Seznec , president and CEO of Thales Alenia Space , added : " We were selected for this contract following a long international competition that started back in 2007 .
" It is the result of the dedication and commitment of our teams and those of our partners .
This success is also a clear recognition of our expertise in system architecture and telecommunications in general , and also confirms our competitiveness and our leadership in the constellation market . "
Iridium , which allows subscribers to make a phone call and data connection anywhere in the world , began operating in 1998 but soon ran into financial difficulties .
Image caption
The current constellation spacecraft have distinctive antennas
It was purchased out of Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 2000 by investors who paid a fraction of the cost of setting up the first constellation .
Today , the company , which is based in McLean , Virginia , has about 360,000 subscribers worldwide , earning revenues amounting to hundreds of millions of dollars .
Just under a quarter of those revenues come from US government and Department of Defense contracts .
The Iridium constellation operates in a low - Earth orbit about 780 km above the planet .
The spacecraft are aligned in six planes and relay communications between themselves and ground stations to provide global coverage .
The distinctive arrangement of the satellites ' antennas gives rise to so - called " Iridium flares " .
These flashes are produced by sunlight glinting off the spacecraft and are a popular observation for skywatchers .
It was an Iridium satellite that collided with a defunct Russian spacecraft in 2009 .
Key finance
The current network consists of 66 satellites .
The Next constellation order encompass 81 satellites in total .
TAS will build 66 for operational use , a further six will act as in - orbit spares , and nine spares will be held on the ground .
The Next constellation is expected to work until at least 2030 .
Satellite phone competitor Globalstar is already in the process of renewing its network .
Globalstar operates 48 spacecraft in a slightly higher orbit and will see its first next - generation platforms launch later this year .
These renewals are also being built by TAS , again in a deal underwritten by Compagnie Francaise d'Assurance pour le Commerce Exterieur ( Coface ) .
TAS beat Lockheed Martin of the US to win the Iridium contract .
The support of Coface will have been critical to that outcome .
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
We 're still trying to puzzle out the mystery of why some iPhone 4 pre-orders have been randomly canceled , but there 's good news for the rest of the 600,000 people who managed to get past Apple 's ordering issues last week : the newest iPhone is now shipping .
We have n't gotten our ship notification email yet , but judging from our tip jar plenty of other people have -- we 'll see if anyone 's lucky enough to score an early delivery .
[ Thanks to everyone who sent this in ]
About The Author Speider Schneider is a former member of The Usual Gang of Idiots at MAD Magazine , “ among other professional embarrassments and failures . ”
He currently writes … More about Speider Schneider …
Why Design By Committee Should Die
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
Our core competency is in creating something that is the perfect communication vehicle for the given message .
But then subjectivity walks in the door , and the creative is left standing there , looking like an incompetent who needs a committee to complete their work .
Let ’s see what we can do to fix it .
No matter where you go in the known universe , there is design - by - committee .
It has become a pecking order of disaster for the society that used to pride itself on being a mover and shaker and that allowed its mavericks and dreamers to innovate their way to success .
In a business climate fueled by fear and the “ Peter Principle , ” as it is today , a decision not made is a tragedy averted .
So , decision by committee provides a safe and often anonymous process for finger - pointing down the line … inevitably leading to the creative , of course .
Further Reading on SmashingMag :
Why It Happens
Wikipedia describes it thus :
The Peter Principle is the principle that “ in a hierarchy every employee tends to rise to his level of incompetence . ”
It was formulated by Dr. Laurence J. Peter and Raymond Hull in their 1969 book The Peter Principle , a humorous treatise which also introduced the “ salutary science of Hierarchiology ” , “ inadvertently founded ” by Peter .
It holds that in a hierarchy , members are promoted so long as they work competently .
Sooner or later they are promoted to a position at which they are no longer competent ( their “ level of incompetence ” ) , and there they remain , being unable to earn further promotions .
This principle can be modeled and has theoretical validity .
Peter ’s Corollary states that “ in time , every post tends to be occupied by an employee who is incompetent to carry out his duties ” and adds that “ work is accomplished by those employees who have not yet reached their level of incompetence .
Whether on staff or freelance , we all walk into meetings prepared for our work to be torn to shreds .
And it always is .
The client sits there trying to explain to you how a logo the size of a small melon should sit on a 9x12 - inch ad .
Our core competency is in creating something that is the perfect communication vehicle for the given message .
But then subjectivity walks in the door , and the creative is left standing there , looking like an incompetent who needs a committee to complete their work .
Others Have Noticed Its Effects
Michael Arrington , founder and co-editor of TechCrunch , a blog covering Silicon Valley technology , and a widely respected and influential person on the Web , recently wrote :
There ’s a saying I love : “ a camel is a horse designed by committee . ”
A variation is “ a Volvo is a Porsche designed by committee . ”
Some of the best product advice I ’ve ever heard goes something like “ damn what the users want , charge towards your dream . ”
All of these statements are , of course , saying the same thing .
When there are too many cooks in the kitchen all you get is a mess .
And when too many people have product input , you ’ve got lots of features but no soul .
Through it all , I ’ve heard some wondrous and magical statements come from the mouths of non-creatives as they “ join in on the fun ” of designing in these dreaded committee meetings .
My favorite exchange to date happened in a meeting that a secretary sat in to take notes but who eventually took over the conversation .
I looked at her and then the art director , who sat sheepishly quiet ( from too many emotional beatings , no doubt ) , and asked why a secretary would be allowed to give design feedback .
She pulled herself up in her chair and said , “ Well , you do want this to be the best product it can be ? ”
“ The best it can be . ”
She was somehow convinced that her opinion overshadowed all others , including those of the art staff .
In her mind , she was actually saving the design .
Stories like this abound .
You ’re Not The Only One
Wanting to feel I was not alone , I posed the question to the art directors among my umpteen connections on Linked In .
The responses were varied , passionate and maddening at times .
One of my favorite Los Angeles art directors gave me a list of her favorite sayings overheard in committee meetings :
My wife wants more circles .
My husband says it does n’t hit him in the gut .
My kids say there are too many words .
My dog did n’t wag its tail .
The waiter said he ’s seen something just like that in France .
I need more oopmh in it .
I ’ll know it when I see it .
So go back and make more .
I love what _____ did .
Can you do the same , but with carrots ?
What are you doing after work ?
The next respondent to my question asked , “ Did you forget to take your meds today ? ”
Another chimed in , “ I do n’t want to give you any stories because I do n’t want to cry ! ”
One creative director added these : “ Why is n’t my logo bigger ? ” , “ Why ca n’t we use all of this empty space over here ? ” and “ It ’s too promotional ” .
He adds : “ Anything from anyone who ’s ever said , ‘ I ’m not creative , but …’ or ‘ It needs more … something . ’
And anything from anyone who ‘ knows what they do n’t want but has to actually see what they do want because they ca n’t describe / direct / vocalize it . ”
Plenty of responses advised us to let go and just take the fee and do whatever the client or committee wants .
This is a “ service industry ” after all .
One graphic designer wrote :
One thing I try to do is understand why certain decisions have been made , and I do this by questioning the person doing the direction ( this could be a colleague , sales person , client , etc. ) .
If that person has legitimate reasons for asking for specific things , and they can back up that it will work , I ’d like to know .
Another voice added , “ He who pays calls the tune , even if they ’re wrong , and even if they have poor taste .
That is important to keep in mind . ”
As much as I agree , there is still that voice inside me that screams bloody murder at the idiocracy of group decisions .
Feeling the same way , an art director in Texas wrote , “ The client may pay for the work , but who takes the blame when the client campaign fails miserably because the client did not listen to the advice of the designer ? ”
Who Should Ultimately Decide ?
For better or worse , I agree with another passage in Mr. Arrington ’s article :
Product should be a dictatorship , not consensus - driven .
There are casualties , hurt feelings , angry users .
But all of those things are necessary if you ’re going to create something unique .
The iPhone is clearly a vision of a single core team , or maybe even one man .
It happened to be a good dream , and that device now dominates mobile culture .
But it ’s extremely unlikely Apple would have ever built it if they conducted lots of focus groups and customer outreach first .
No keyboard ?
Please .
He also illustrates his point brutally with this hard fact :
Digg is sort of on the opposite end of the spectrum .
The company has been standing still now for years as Facebook , Twitter and others have run laps around it .
But the company is famous for listening to its hard core fanatical users .
My point is best made through the brilliant , funny , intelligent Better Off Ted .
In one adventure , the corporation empowers everyone to make decisions about products in committee .
See what happens to the simple product .
The always classic “ Process ( aka Designing the Stop Sign ) ” is another frightening example soaked in truth .
Marketing aims to create consumer interest in goods and services based on the assumption that the target consumer is buying a lifestyle or habit , with some income , location and loyalty considerations thrown in .
It draws from information about the target demographic ; however , personal preferences about color , type size , logos and so on do not represent those of the target demographic .
One person on a committee might be a target consumer , but certainly not the committee as a whole .
Should people from disparate demographics second - guess the visual approach taken by the designer to the target consumer ?
Mr. Arrington believes that the plan trumps all voices .
His article ends with a very assertive video about winners and losers .
Most creatives choose to let it wash over them and collect their pay check .
I suppose I do n’t agree because I have n’t seen many pay checks made out to “ Dance , monkey , dance ! ”
What ’s The Solution ?
From all the responses and stories , it seems there are few ways to live with the design - by - committee lifestyle .
Suggesting what a marketing plan or piece of copy is missing or implying that the secretary is unable to spell will only get you pegged as “ difficult ” and make you appear as though you “ overstep boundaries . ”
Asking a non-creative who gives you excruciating input why they think you ’re incapable of doing your job will brand you as “ defensive ” and “ combative . ”
Give in , and you ’ll earn descriptions like “ flexible ” and “ easy to direct . ”
The sensible answer is to listen , absorb , discuss , be able to defend any design decision with clarity and reason , know when to pick your battles and know when to let go .
A photographer I know once said , “ I ’ll give the model a big mole on her face , and the committee focuses on that and are usually satisfied with the momentous change of removing it and leave everything else as is . ”
Whether you ’re on staff or freelance , the political dance of correctness and cooperation brings a new story and new experience every day .
And is n’t that one of the great things about this business … even if it goes around and around sometimes ?
You can just blame someone using the new buzzword , “ Commidiot , ” which is a committee member who has no idea what is going on in front of them but feels they have to say something of importance to justify their presence in the room .
The American Variety Stage : Vaudeville and Popular Entertainment , 1870 - 1920
View this film :
( To download the film for future viewing , be sure to set your browser to the " load to disk " or " retrieve to disk " option . )
Part 1 of 1
MPEG format ... 5 megabytes
Quick Time format ... 3 megabytes
CREATED / PUBLISHED
United States : Edison Manufacturing Co. , 1899 .
SUMMARY
Opens with a man riding a bicycle in a backwards circle , on a stage with a painted backdrop of a city street .
He dismounts , then remounts the cycle and rides in a forwards circle , pausing and balancing for a moment as he rears up and spins the front wheel .
Continuing in the circle , the man moves in front of the handlebars and continues pedaling briefly .
For his next trick , the cyclist makes one circle and then pauses center stage as he does a balancing act to the left side of the bike , with his left leg on the pedal and his right on the front wheel .
Ends after he remounts but continues to hold the bicycle motionless .
From Edison films catalog : " Neidert , " of national fame , does stunts on his wheel that are simply wonderful .
Makes his bicycle rear up , and rides around the stage on his back wheel ; besides a lot of other easy things , such as riding on one pedal and riding backward , seated on handlebar .
50 feet .
$ 7.50 .
NOTES
Copyright : Thomas A. Edison ; 20 Mar1899 ; 20771 .
Original main title lacking .
Duration : 0:34 at 20 fps .
Materials listed originate from the paper print chosen best copy of two for digitization ; for other holdings on this title , see the M/B / RS Paper Print database .
Code name ( for telegraphic orders ) Unbottomed .
NCN046281 ; Bicycle trick riding , no .
2 .
Sources used : Copyright catalog , motion pictures , 1894 - 1912 ; Niver , K.R. Early motion pictures , 1985 ; Edison films catalog , no .
105 , July 1901 , p. 49 ; AFI cat. : film beginnings , 1893 - 1910 , 1995 .
Received : 11/23/94 from LC film lab ; ref print ; preservation ; Paper Print Collection .
Received : 7/15/94 from LC film lab ; dupe neg ; preservation ; Paper Print Collection .
Received : 3/20/1899 ; paper pos ; copyright deposit ; Paper Print Collection .
SUBJECTS
Stunt cycling -- United States .
Bicycles -- United States .
Silent films .
Vaudeville .
Shorts .
RELATED NAMES
Neidert , performer .
Thomas A. Edison , Inc .
Paper Print Collection ( Library of Congress )
MEDIUM
1 reel of 1 ( 43 ft. ) : si. , b&w ; 35 mm. ref print .
1 reel of 1 ( 43 ft. ) : si. , b&w ; 35 mm. dupe neg .
1 roll ( 43 ft. ) : si. , b&w ; 35 mm. paper pos .
When I opened the shipping box I nearly fell in shock .
I ran around the house to tell anybody who was home what I received .
Before opening the box I begin texting a friend of mine to explain what I received .
A 16GB iPad. WOW .
" I can not believe it " I said .
Upon opening what seemed to be a sealed BestBuy packaged iPad , I was revealed something of a much greater awesomeness .... Samurai 7 .
I talked to my secret arbitrer anonymously and expressed my love for anime .
I will be sure to watch this as soon as possible , never seen Samurai 7 !
I do n't feel any anger at all , and problem troll made me laugh it all away .
Truly awesome .
You definitely got me Jeff .
Touché .
BrainVoyager Brain Tutor is an award - winning educational program that teaches knowledge about the human brain the easy way .
The program lets you interactively explore high - quality 3D head and brain models , which can be rotated , moved , zoomed and morphed in real - time .
The head and brain models have been computed with BrainVoyager QX using data from magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) scans .
Besides having fun with the rotatable 3D models , the program contains information about lobes , gyri , sulci and Brodmann areas of the cerebral cortex , which may be explored simply by clicking a location in the brain or by selecting a region by its name from a list .
BrainVoyager Brain Tutor runs on all major computer platforms including Windows , Linux and Mac OS X . Follow a link below to get your copy of BV Brain Tutor free of charge :
In 2004 , the Mac version of BrainVoyager Brain Tutor 1.0 has won a runner - up prize in Trolltech 's Qt/ Mac Application Developer Contest .
Northern Ireland 's born - again Christian culture minister has called on the Ulster Museum to put on exhibits reflecting the view that the world was made by God only several thousand years ago .
Nelson McCausland , who believes that Ulster Protestants are one of the lost tribes of Israel , has written to the museum 's board of trustees urging them to reflect creationist and intelligent design theories of the universe 's origins .
The Democratic Unionist minister said the inclusion of anti-Darwinian theories in the museum was " a human rights issue " .
McCausland defended a letter he wrote to the trustees calling for anti-evolution exhibitions at the museum .
He claimed that around one third of Northern Ireland 's population believed either in intelligent design or the creationist view that the universe was created about 6,000 years ago .
" I have had more letters from the public on this issue than any other issue , " he said .
The minister said he wrote a " very balanced letter " to the museum because he wanted to " reflect the views of all the people in Northern Ireland in all its richness and diversity " .
Earlier in his letter to the museum 's trustees McCausland said he had " a common desire to ensure that museums are reflective of the views , beliefs and cultural traditions that make up society in Northern Ireland " .
His call was condemned by the evolutionary biologist Professor Richard Dawkins , who said : " If the museum was to go down that road then perhaps they should bring in the stork theory of where babies come from .
Or perhaps the museum should introduce the flat earth theory . "
Dawkins said it was irrelevant if a large number of people in Northern Ireland refused to believe in evolution .
" Scientific evidence can't be democratically decided , " Dawkins said .
McCausland 's party colleague and North Antrim assembly member Mervyn Storey has been at the forefront of a campaign to force museums in Northern Ireland to promote anti-Darwinian theories .
Storey , who has chaired the Northern Ireland assembly 's education committee , has denied that man descended from apes .
He believes in the theory that the world was created several thousand years ago , even though the most famous tourist attraction in his own constituency – the Giant 's Causeway on the North Antrim coast – is according to all the geological evidence millions of years old .
Last year Storey raised objections to notices at the Giant 's Causeway informing the public that the unique rock formation was about 550 m years old .
Storey believes in the literal truth of the Bible and that the earth was created only several thousand years before Christ 's birth .
This latest row over Darwin versus creationism in Northern Ireland comes at a delicate time for the Ulster Museum .
Earlier this month it was shortlisted for the UK 's largest single arts prize .
The Art Fund Prize annually awards £ 100,000 to a museum or gallery for a project completed in the last year .
The belief that the Earth was divinely created in 4004 BC originates with the writings of another Ulster - based Protestant , Archbishop of Armagh James Ussher , in 1654 .
Ussher calculated the date based on textual clues in the Old Testament , even settling on a date and time for the moment of creation : in the early hours of 23 October .
The US Supreme Court on Monday extended the constitutional protection of the Second Amendment ’s right to keep and bear arms to every jurisdiction in the nation .
The action places in serious doubt the constitutionality of a handgun ban in Chicago , and sets the stage for more legal challenges to an array of tough gun-control laws across the United States .
The 5 - to - 4 decision means that in addition to the federal government , state and local governments must comply with the high court ’s 2008 landmark ruling recognizing an individual right to possess handguns in the home for self defense .
IN PICTURES :
The debate over gun rights
Two years ago , in a decision called District of Columbia v. Heller , the high court struck down a handgun ban in Washington , D.C. , ruling that it violated the right of individuals to keep and bear arms .
Because the District of Columbia is a federal enclave – rather than part of a state – the question remained open whether the newly articulated Second Amendment right would apply beyond federal jurisdictions like Washington , D.C. , to states and municipalities .
That was the issue in Monday ’s case , McDonald v. City of Chicago .
Chicago maintains a handgun ban similar to the ban struck down in Washington .
But it was n’t clear from prior Supreme Court precedent whether Second Amendment protections extended to cities and states .
The high court has now made clear that they do .
“ We have previously held that most of the provisions of the Bill of Rights apply with full force to both the federal government and the states .
Applying the standard that is well established in our case law , we hold that the Second Amendment right is fully applicable to the states , ” wrote Justice Samuel Alito for the majority .
A ' fundamental ' right
The majority justices said the right to keep a handgun for self - protection in the home is a “ fundamental ” right , deeply rooted in America ’s history and tradition .
Justice Alito quoted England 's Sir William Blackstone as asserting that the right to keep and bear arms was “ one of the fundamental rights of Englishmen . ”
He said the American colonists shared that view and decided to protect it .
“ The right to keep and bear arms was considered no less fundamental by those who drafted and ratified the Bill of Rights , ” Alito said .
In a dissent , Justice John Paul Stevens said the majority opinion overturned more than a century of Supreme Court precedent .
“ Although the court ’s decision in this case might be seen as a mere adjunct to its decision in Heller , the consequences could prove far more destructive – quite literally – to our nation ’s communities and to our constitutional structure , ” he said .
“ Today ’s ruling marks a dramatic change in our law , ” he said .
“ I would proceed more cautiously . ”
Chicago 's handgun ban on tenuous ground
The decision sends the case back to the Seventh US Circuit Court of Appeals in Chicago to reconsider the constitutionality of that city ’s handgun ban .
In effect , the appeals court judges must apply the same test the high court used to invalidate Washington , D.C. ’s handgun ban .
Most legal analysts expect Chicago ’s ban to be struck down .
The next major issue will be what legal standard lower court judges should apply when assessing whether a particular gun-control measure violates the Second Amendment .
A plurality of justices offered some guidance .
“ It is important to keep in mind that Heller , while striking down a law that prohibited the possession of handguns in the home , recognized that the right to keep and bear arms is not a right to keep and carry any weapon whatsoever in any manner whatsoever and for whatever purpose , ” Alito wrote .
“ We made it clear in Heller that our holding did not cast doubt on such longstanding regulatory measures as ‘ prohibitions on the possession of firearms by felons and the mentally ill , ’ ‘ laws forbidding the carrying of firearms in sensitive places such as schools and government buildings , or laws imposing conditions and qualifications on the commercial sale of arms , ’ ” he said .
“ We repeat those assurances here , ” Alito said .
“ Despite municipal respondents ’ doomsday proclamations , incorporation does not imperil every law regulating firearms . ”
' Due process ' is basis of majority decision
In extending the Second Amendment to cities and states , the justices declined an invitation by gun rights lawyers to overrule prior legal precedents dating to 1873 , 1876 , and 1886 .
Lawyers for the Second Amendment Foundation had asked the justices to consider relying on the privileges and immunities clause of the 14th Amendment .
But that part of the high court ’s jurisprudence has remained largely dormant since the 1800s and would have required the court to announce a major shift in the law .
Only one justice , Clarence Thomas , embraced this approach .
Nonetheless , Justice Thomas joined the majority in most of its decision and concurred in the result .
Alito ’s majority decision relied on the due process clause of the 14th Amendment , the provision most often cited by the Supreme Court when the high court has moved to enforce the protections in the Bill of Rights to the states .
The Bill of Rights was written and adopted as a check on the power of the national government .
It was only later that the Supreme Court began enforcing those same rights against state and local governments .
For example , state and local governments must respect free speech rights guaranteed in the Constitution , and state and local police must adhere to the privacy protections of the Fourth Amendment .
But the Supreme Court has not applied all of the rights in the Bill of Rights to the states .
Some state courts do not recognize a right to a grand jury indictment or a jury trial in certain civil cases .
Yet both of those rights are guaranteed in federal court by the Constitution .
On Monday , the high court extended its holdings in this area to declare that the Second Amendment must now be enforced at the state and local levels .
“ In Heller we held that the Second Amendment protects the right to possess a handgun in the home for the purpose of self - defense , ” Alito said .
“ A provision of the Bill of Rights that protects a right that is fundamental from an American perspective applies equally to the federal government and the states . ”
Alito was joined in the majority opinon by Chief Justice John Roberts and Justices Antonin Scalia , Anthony Kennedy , and Clarence Thomas .
In addition to Stevens , Justice Stephen Breyer wrote a dissent that was joined by Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Sonia Sotomayor .
“ The Framers did not write the Second Amendment in order to protect a private right of armed self - defense , ” Breyer wrote .
“ There has been , and is , no consensus that the right is , or was , fundamental , ” he said .
“ No broader constitutional interest or principle supports legal treatment of that right as fundamental .
To the contrary , broader constitutional concerns of an institutional nature argue strongly against that treatment . ”
IN PICTURES :
The debate over gun rights
Related :
Betty Dodson and Audre Lorde : Can I possibly use the master ’s tools to demolish her house ?
So Betty Dodson , the ‘ expert ’ that had recommended Clitoraid with their humiliating Adopt A Clitoris campaign has written an attempted response to the critics of Clitoraid .
The piece , republished on the Clitoraid website , is an interesting provocation to engage but it is so lacking in logic that I ’m having a hard time even deciding whether to respond .
On one hand I ’m tempted to engage her and convince her the many errors of her ways with regard to this specific issue of Female Circumcision .
She obviously did n’t do her research enough to realize that I ’m not African American , there is no such place as San Francisco University , and that the critique of Clitoraid is much wider than just my individual concerns as reflected by the 221 signatures to the online petition before we closed it early .
Indeed many , including Dr. Petra Boynton , Dr. Elisabeth Wood , Matthew Greenall , Darklady , Kudzai Makombe and Caille Milner of the San Francisco Chronicle have all previously written criticizing Clitoraid extensively .
Sadly Ms. Dodson ’s willful blindness speaks to how she goes about things and why she ’s ended up in the Clitoraid mess she ’s clinging to .
Apparently her research method is restricted to grabbing random facts about an issue and rearranging them to suit her own fancy .
Then again i’m reminded of Audre Lorde ’s wonderful piece titled The Master ’s Tools Will Never Dismantle the Master ’s House .
In it she writes that ,
“ Women of today are still being called upon to stretch across the gap of male
ignorance and to educate men as to our existence and our needs .
This is an
old and primary tool of all oppressors to keep the oppressed occupied with
the master ’s concerns .
Now we hear that it is the task of women of Color to
educate white women — in the face of tremendous resistance — as to our
existence , our differences , our relative roles in our joint survival .
This
is a diversion of energies and a tragic repetition of racist patriarchal
thought ” .
( http://lists.econ.utah.edu/pipermail/margins-to-centre/2006-March/000794.html)
This excerpt reflects exactly how I feel about Betty ’s attacks on my critique of clitoraid .
Audre Lorde wrote this indictment of feminism 26 years ago and it is stunning how far feminism has NOT come thanks to feminists like Ms. Dodson !
Seriously , when do we get to move on to the real and pressing issues ?
Why must I stop and have to explain the importance of respecting African women and our dignity to fellow feminists ?
So , that is why I do n’t know how to react to Betty Dodson ’s statements .
To engage with her ridiculousness is to divert my energies from much more important work that urgently needs to be done .
But if I chose to be quiet I ’m afraid I might communicate to other young brown feminists out there that feminism is still a space of hurt and humiliation for women of color where speaking out is met with personal attacks from older ‘ experts ’ .
Then there is the disturbingly unquestioned position of authority that Betty holds on all things sexual .
Reproducing patriarchal systems of hierarchical power , it seems she has reached to far high up the ladder that anyone who dares ask a question is a pariah whose sanity is to be questioned .
I had never heard of her before this Clitoraid thing and so it was in naivete that I questioned her ‘ expertise ’ on the issue of Female Circumcision .
Woe unto me for daring .
I have to admit that it is with sadness I wonder out loud if this the cutting edge of North American feminism ?
Is it that the sum total of feminist thought and mobilizing is about pleasure ?
We ’ve made the entire experience of womanhood all about what is between our legs and not between our ears and in our hearts ?
That the respect so necessary in building the bridges of sisterhood is to be abandoned because one ‘ expert ’ must be venerated ?
26 years after Lorde ’s indictment we are still standing at the same street corner haggling over whether women of color deserve respect and have anything to contribute to feminism ?!
If you were me what would you do ?
Would you engage with Betty or leave it at these questions ?
Advertisements
It was another wild and wacky trip through revisionist Right Wing history with Glenn Beck today as Glenn decided to spend the day defending slavery .
On the radio he claimed that race relations aka slavery was fine until it became politicized before the Civil War , and he followed this up with a claim on his TV show that there were no racial relations issues in colonial America .
Here is Beck explaining why some free African Americans went back to Africa and founded Liberia :
Advertisements
Beck gave his own fantasy explanation of why Liberia was founded , “ We talk a little bit about Liberia tonight .
Here ’s a group of African Americans that left because they wanted to go back to Africa , because they wanted to go back to Africa , not everybody wanted to go back to Africa .
Some of them left and went back to Africa and started a country .
What did they call it ?
Liberia .
What is the capital of Liberia ?
Monrovia , that ’s amazing .
Now how could you possibly do that if you hated this country , if it was such an oppressive country ? ”
( Beck ’s point is that slavery was not a bad thing .
African Americans were n’t oppressed and they loved America ) .
Beck also claimed that race relations were good until the Civil War :
Beck said , “ The things that have happened in this country where it really starts to wrong was the lead up to the Civil War , and it became politicized and it was all about slavery , before then we were moving on the right track .
You ’ll learn things tonight that you never ever learned before and ask yourself why ? ”
Beck then claimed on his television show that blacks and whites did n’t hate each other in the 1790s :
In contrast to Glenn Beck ’s rosy picture of slavery and race relations during the colonial period , comes this account of the legal rights of African Americans around the colonial era from Archiving Early America , “ The Negro slaves had by 1790 reached their full definition as dehumanized marketable commodities .
A lawsuit in that year , in Virginia , apparently was brought for satisfaction in the transfer of a group of “ 11 negroes belonging to Benjamin Pynes … i ( sic ) saw them when down the country , and offered him 330 pounds for the whole .
“ This sounds more like a trade in dry goods or agricultural products than in human lives , and there is no reason to believe that the participants in this transaction saw it as anything but a simple and straight - forward , absolutely amoral business deal . ”
Here is more of what it was like in 1800 , from Archiving Early America , “ By 1800 , anyone living in the southern United States with a high concentration of epidermic melanin was assumed a slave , unless by more or less difficult documentation that person could prove conclusively otherwise .
The continuing uncertainty of the common law demanded the exposure of such proof .
But even though slaves suffered horribly , it was the logical noose on the Anglo - American law ’s neck that tightened the hardest .
Eventually , a subconscious recognition of the unworkable nature of “ dual status ” prompted extreme paranoid defensiveness in some southern Anglo - Americans .
This disease would not be relieved soon , and then , only by the coincidence of gory cultural self - mutilation inflicted by civil war , some of whose helotist seeds were planted ages before northern Europeans ever reaped such noisome fruits on North American shores . ”
The problem with Glenn Beck ’s revisionist history is that he does not take into account that African Americans were still slaves .
Beck is making the basic argument that the slave system worked and that African Americans were happy in chains .
It was okay with them and everyone got along just fine .
Of course , this argument is silly and or offensive to anyone who is African American or knows the basics of our national history , but Glenn Beck is out to rewrite history from a far right perspective .
His whole take on colonial era race relations is extremely racist , but it is also illogical .
Beck contended that the discussion about slavery , not race relations , were the problem , but was n’t slavery the racial relationship in the nation at that time ?
Beck defended slavery and claimed that it was fine until it was politicized in the lead up to the Civil War .
Glenn
Beck was arguing that slavery was n’t bad until the politicians got involved .
In short , Glenn Beck was defending the slave system and racism , and he wonders why much of America thinks that he is a racist .
Photo Credit : lynnrockets
ATTENTION is again focused on Gaza after Israeli troops stormed ships that were carrying aid to the strip on May 31st , killing at least nine people .
Since 2006 Israel has limited the import of various goods to the Hamas - controlled territory to a “ humanitarian minimum ” , though there is no official list for traders to observe .
Instead , Israel makes decisions on a case - by - case basis , which has resulted in an odd assortment of prohibited items , as detailed by Gisha , an Israeli human - rights organisation .
Newspapers , tea , A4 paper and chocolate are among the items that have at one point been barred .
But though certain goods cannot be brought in by boat or through Israel , they do still come — often faster and cheaper , too — through the tunnels .
The main impact of the blockade is on people , who have been barred from leaving , and on exports .
AP
Martin Elliott won worldwide fame with the shot
The photographer behind Tennis Girl , one of the world 's biggest - selling posters , has died at the age of 63 .
Martin Elliott took his most famous shot in 1976 of his then girlfriend dressed in tennis gear , hitching her skirt to reveal a bare bottom .
The image , which featured in a calendar , shot to fame and more than two million copies were sold worldwide .
Mr Elliott died at his home in Truro , Cornwall , last week following a 10 - year battle with cancer .
He took his most famous picture , featuring 18 - year - old Fiona Butler , on a university tennis court while studying photography in Birmingham .
The pair borrowed a white tennis dress , racket and balls for the shot which was taken from behind as Ms Butler raised her dress , showing her left cheek .
' Schoolboy 's fantasy '
The picture was sold to poster chain Athena but Mr Elliott retained the copyright .
It was first published as part of a calendar for the 1977 Silver Jubilee before being made into the poster that hung on schoolboys ' bedroom walls around the world .
The poster was derided by critics at the time as a " schoolboy 's fantasy " but it went on to become one of the most famous pictures in the world .
It is not a picture I would buy
Martin Elliott
On his own website , Mr Elliott called it " the most published photograph in the world " .
It has been parodied by various celebrities including Alan Carr and Kylie Minogue and was often seen in the background of the satirical puppet show Spitting Image .
The photographer once said in an interview that it was " not a picture I would buy " , putting its appeal down to the seaside postcard spirit of the image .
Mr Elliott never revealed how much he made from the photo , but his widow Noelle , has said the couple had " done well " out of it and were still receiving royalties for it to this day .
Ms Butler , who was not paid for her work , has always maintained she will never be embarrassed by the photograph .
After qualifying , Mr Elliott went on to work in advertising and had a studio in Birmingham .
He retired to Cornwall 11 years ago after living in Stourbridge , in the West Midlands , and Portishead , Somerset .
His funeral will take place in Truro on 9 April .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Best Selling Video Games ( So Far )
As the video game industry gets set to show off the games that will dominate the charts in the back half of 2010 and early 2011 , what better time to see what has been driving sales for the first half of the year ?
After a disappointing 2009 , software sales are down 11 percent so far this year , according to the most recent numbers from the NPD Group , which tracks game sales .
That ’s a shortfall of over $ 500 million .
The numbers should begin to rebound in the coming months – but so far , 2010 has n’t Photo : Activision
As the video game industry gets set to show off the games that will dominate the charts in the back half of 2010 and early 2011 , what better time to see what has been driving sales for the first half of the year ?
After a disappointing 2009 , software sales are down 8 percent so far this year , according to the most recent numbers from the NPD Group , which tracks game sales .
That ’s a shortfall of over $ 500 million .
The numbers should begin to rebound in the coming months – but so far , 2010 has n’t been too encouraging .
A look at the top 10 follows , based upon US sales .
But with a strong title catalog gearing up for the end of the year , expect a much different list by the end of the year .
By Chris Morris , Special to CNBC.com
Posted 10 June 2010
10 . Pokemon HeartGold Version
Publisher : NintendoReleased : March 2010
Fourteen years after its launch , the Pokemon franchise is as strong as ever .
This version , released simultaneously with the SoulSilver version , comes bundled with a pedometer that ‘ holds ’ a Pokemon from the game that gets stronger as you carry it with you .
Photo : Nintendo
Publisher : Nintendo
Released : March 2010
Fourteen years after its launch , the Pokemon franchise is as strong as ever .
This version , released simultaneously with the SoulSilver version , comes bundled with a pedometer that ‘ holds ’ a Pokemon from the game that gets stronger as you carry it with you .
9. Mass Effect 2
Publisher : Electronic ArtsReleased : January 2010
The second part of this action role - playing trilogy is among the most favorably reviewed titles on the Xbox 360 .
Built by developer Bioware , who has a reputation for finely crafted games , the game has sold over 1.6 million copies .
Photo : Electronic Arts
Publisher : Electronic Arts
Released : January 2010
The second part of this action role - playing trilogy is among the most favorably reviewed titles on the Xbox 360 .
Built by developer Bioware , who has a reputation for finely crafted games , the game has sold over 1.6 million copies .
8. Wii Sports Resort
Publisher : NintendoReleased : July 2009 “ Wii Sports , ” which was bundled with the Wii , is now the best selling games of all time , so it makes sense that a sequel would do well .
To ensure this title ’s success , Nintendo bundled it with an add - on for the Wii controller that results in more precise control .
And as of early May , the company included a copy of the game with every new Wii sold .
Photo : Nintendo
Publisher : Nintendo
Released : July 2009
“ Wii Sports , ” which was bundled with the Wii , is now the best selling games of all time , so it makes sense that a sequel would do well .
To ensure this title ’s success , Nintendo bundled it with an add - on for the Wii controller that results in more precise control .
And as of early May , the company included a copy of the game with every new Wii sold .
7. Pokemon SoulSilver Version
Publisher : NintendoReleased : March 2010
Like the HeartGold version , this Pokemon game is one of the highest rated titles of all time for the Nintendo DS .
Worldwide , the pair have sold 8.4 million copies .
The only difference between the games , incidentally , is the Pokemon included .
Photo : Nintendo
Publisher : Nintendo
Released : March 2010
Like the HeartGold version , this Pokemon game is one of the highest rated titles of all time for the Nintendo DS .
Worldwide , the pair have sold 8.4 million copies .
The only difference between the games , incidentally , is the Pokemon included .
6 ) God Of War III
Publisher : SonyReleased : March 2010 Brutal and bloody , the latest entry in this PlayStation exclusive franchise tells the ongoing tale of Kratos , a Spartan warrior who takes on the Greek gods .
This concluding chapter of the game ’s first trilogy is arguably the title that best demonstrates the graphical prowess of the PS3 .
Photo : Sony
Publisher : Sony
Released : March 2010
Brutal and bloody , the latest entry in this PlayStation exclusive franchise tells the ongoing tale of Kratos , a Spartan warrior who takes on the Greek gods .
This concluding chapter of the game ’s first trilogy is arguably the title that best demonstrates the graphical prowess of the PS3 .
5. Wii Fit Plus
Publisher : NintendoReleased : October 2009
An enhanced version of 2008 ’s “ Wii Fit , ” this fitness video game offers 21 additional activities and games as well as a calorie burning counter .
Like its predecessor , it ships with the Wii Fit balance board .
It also was recently endorsed by the American Heart Association as a way to helping people take initial steps towards making exercise a part of their daily routine .
Photo : Nintendo
Publisher : Nintendo
Released : October 2009
An enhanced version of 2008 ’s “ Wii Fit , ” this fitness video game offers 21 additional activities and games as well as a calorie burning counter .
Like its predecessor , it ships with the Wii Fit balance board .
It also was recently endorsed by the American Heart Association as a way to helping people take initial steps towards making exercise a part of their daily routine .
4. Final Fantasy XIII
Publisher : Square EnixReleased : March 2010
Long in development , the latest installment in this long - running role - playing series has proven to be its best selling , with over 5.5 million copies selling worldwide .
The vast majority of those were sold in Japan , where 1 million copies were grabbed by consumers on its first day .
Photo : Square Enix
Publisher : Square Enix
Released : March 2010
Long in development , the latest installment in this long - running role - playing series has proven to be its best selling , with over 5.5 million copies selling worldwide .
The vast majority of those were sold in Japan , where 1 million copies were grabbed by consumers on its first day .
3. Battlefield : Bad Company 2
Publisher : Electronic ArtsReleased : March 2010
Even EA was a little surprised by the success of this first - person shooter .
By mid-May , the game had sold over 4 million copies worldwide and was directly responsible for EA ’s higher than expected earnings in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010 .
Photo : Electronic Arts
Publisher : Electronic Arts
Released : March 2010
Even EA was a little surprised by the success of this first - person shooter .
By mid-May , the game had sold over 4 million copies worldwide and was directly responsible for EA ’s higher than expected earnings in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010 .
2. Call Of Duty : Modern Warfare 2
Publisher : ActivisionReleased : November 2009
Given that it was last year ’s best selling game , it ’s not too surprising to see “ Modern Warfare 2 ” high on this year ’s list .
The game has sold over 14 million copies worldwide and is now the third - best selling game of all time in the U.S. Photo : Activision
Publisher : Activision
Released : November 2009
Given that it was last year ’s best selling game , it ’s not too surprising to see “ Modern Warfare 2 ” high on this year ’s list .
The game has sold over 14 million copies worldwide and is now the third - best selling game of all time in the U.S .
1. New Super Mario Bros .
Wii
Publisher : NintendoReleased : November 2009
Some classics never get old .
This update of the classic Mario Bros. title for the industry ’s best selling console was the first to let players play together .
It has sold 14.7 million copies worldwide and is the Wii ’s second - best selling Mario title ( behind “ Mario Kart ” ) .
Photo : Nintendo
To celebrate the world ’s largest football tournament , we launched the Firefox Cup — a friendly , global competition based on the number of users for each team Persona .
We ’ve seen thousands of fans from around the world showing their team spirit by wearing Personas on their Firefox .
The winner for each round was chosen based on the team Persona with the most fans ( average daily users ) for the week .
Today , we announce the overall winner of the competition : Germany !
Congratulations to Brazil and Spain , who were second and third place , respectively .
Here ’s a recap of the four rounds :
• June 16th : Brazil won round 1 with Argentina in close competition .
• June 23rd : Brazil kept their lead .
• June 30th : Brazil hung on to its lead in round 3 with 17,380 supporters , just a few more hundred than Germany .
• July 7th : Germany jumped to first place !
Thanks to all the loyal fans and community members for supporting their teams in the Firefox Cup !
We ’re already looking forward to the next football tournament and challenge Paul the Octopus to follow the Firefox Cup !
Think picking a date on looks alone is a little shallow ?
How about picking your kids ?
The owners of the dating site BeautifulPeople.com have no qualms on the subject -- they 've launched a " virtual sperm and egg bank " where users can select beautiful people 's beautiful genetics by signing up for their beautiful gametes .
Though the company wo n't perform egg extractions or accept sperm donations , they will serve as matchmakers and then forward the interested parties to the proper clinics .
The company says its exclusive dating site -- you can only join if other members judge you attractive enough -- is a magnificent resource for those looking to breed up .
As reported by ABC News , the site has decided to generously offer its services even to the beauty - challenged .
" Initially , we hesitated to widen the offering to non-beautiful people .
But everyone -- including ugly people -- would like to bring good looking children in to the world , and we can't be selfish with our attractive gene pool , " company founder Robert Hintze said in a statement .
Everyone from bioethicists to the professionals who run clinics are concerned about site visitors skipping over the proper medical and psychological screenings .
There is also concern about the participants ' expectations -- and perhaps basic understanding of genetics .
Just because biological mummy and daddy have good looks , it does n't necessarily mean their offspring will .
If BeautifulPeople.com does n't make that clear , things could get very ugly .
Related content : Discoblog : Dating a Dud? Blame
It on Biology Discoblog : Worst Science Article of the Week ?
Women are getting " hotter " Disoblog : In Japan , Your Blood Type Could Get You Hired … Or Fired 80 beats : No Gattaca Here : Genetic Anti-Discrimination Law Goes Into Effect
Image : flickr / alainelorza
News Release : NREL Study Shows Power Grid can Accommodate Large Increase in Wind and Solar Generation
May 20 , 2010
The National Renewable Energy Laboratory ( NREL ) today released an initial study assessing the operational impacts and economics of increased contributions from wind and solar energy producers on the power grid .
The Western Wind and Solar Integration Study examines the benefits and challenges of integrating enough wind and solar energy capacity into the grid to produce 35 percent of its electricity by 2017 .
The study finds that this target is technically feasible and does not necessitate extensive additional infrastructure , but does require key changes to current operational practice .
The results offer a first look at the issue of adding significant amount of variable renewable energy in the West and will help utilities across the region plan how to ramp up their production of renewable energy as they incorporate more wind and solar energy plants into the power grid .
“ If key changes can be made to standard operating procedures , our research shows that large amounts of wind and solar can be incorporated onto the grid without a lot of backup generation , ” said Dr. Debra Lew , NREL project manager for the study .
“ When you coordinate the operations between utilities across a large geographic area , you decrease the effect of the variability of wind and solar energy sources , mitigating the unpredictability of Mother Nature . ”
The study focuses on the operational impacts of wind , photovoltaics , and concentrating solar power on the power system operated by the WestConnect group of utilities in the mountain and southwest states .
WestConnect is a group of transmission providers , which includes Arizona Public Service , El Paso Electric Co. , NV Energy , Public Service of New Mexico , Salt River Project , Tri-State Generation and Transmission Cooperative , Tucson Electric Power , Western Area Power Administration , and Xcel Energy .
Though wind and solar output vary over time , the technical analysis performed in this study shows that it is operationally possible to accommodate 30 percent wind and 5 percent solar energy penetration .
To accomplish such an increase , utilities will have to substantially increase their coordination of operations over wider geographic areas and schedule their generation deliveries , or sales , on a more frequent basis .
Currently generators provide a schedule for a specific amount of power they will provide in the next hour .
More frequent scheduling would allow generators to adjust that amount of power based on changes in system conditions such as increases or decreases in wind or solar generation .
The study also finds that if utilities generate 27 percent of their electricity from wind and solar energy across the Western Interconnection grid , it would lower carbon emissions by 25 to 45 percent , depending on the future price of natural gas .
It would also decrease fuel and emissions costs by 40 percent .
Other key findings from the study include :
Existing transmission capacity can be more fully utilized to reduce the amount of new transmission that needs to be built .
To facilitate the integration of wind and solar energy , coordinating the operations of utilities can provide substantial savings by reducing the need for additional back - up generation , such as natural gas - burning plants .
Use of wind and solar forecasts in utility operations to predict when and where it will be windy and sunny is essential for cost - effectively integrating these renewable energy sources .
The study was undertaken by a team of wind , solar and power systems experts across both the private and public sectors .
The study complements the recently released Eastern Wind Integration and Transmission Study , which examines the feasibility of integrating up to 30 percent wind in the eastern states .
The report released today is an important first step in assessing the impact of solar and wind energy on the electrical grid .
Under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act , the Department of Energy is investing more than $ 26 million to further study the Western transmission interconnection , which will help states , utilities , and grid operators prepare for future growth in energy demand , renewable energy resources , and Smart Grid technologies .
The study can be downloaded at http://www.nrel.gov/wwsis.
A media webinar will be held on May 20 , 2010 .
For details , please contact Richard Sawyers at rsawyers@kearnswest.com .
NREL is DOE ’s primary national laboratory for renewable energy and energy efficiency research and development .
NREL is operated by DOE by The Alliance for Sustainable Energy , LLC .
###
Visit NREL online at www.nrel.gov
— Gary Schmitz
SOCCEROOS coach Pim Verbeek slammed his star players Vince Grella and Tim Cahill for two brutal tackles on New Zealand winger Leo Bertos , challenges that in a World Cup match would have left Australia with only nine men on the pitch .
Australia defeated the Kiwis 2 - 1 at the MCG last night thanks to a last - gasp strike from Brett Holman , but the win was marred by the ugly challenges by two of Australia ’s best - known players .
After Cahill ’s scything challenge , which followed Grella ’s two - footed lunge , Bertos was carried off on a stretcher and out of the game after barely half an hour .
Verbeek praised the All Whites for their discipline and refusal to turn the game into a battle of retaliation , but warned that such a physical approach by Australia in South Africa would be a disaster for his team .
" In the World Cup that ’s probably two red cards , so it ’s a good lesson because I cannot accept this of course .
The players know this is not the way they should play the game .
You can not afford to go into whatever game and make tackles like that .
I cannot find any reason why you should do it .
A 16 - year - old girl trying to sail solo around the world who was missing in treacherous seas in the Indian Ocean has been found by an Australian search plane and is in good condition , her parents said on Friday .
The girl , Abby Sunderland of Thousand Oaks , Calif. , departed alone Jan. 23 in her sailboat Wild Eyes .
On Thursday , she lost satellite phone contact with her family and set off emergency beacons , triggering a rescue effort by United States , Australian and French authorities .
Ms. Sunderland was trying to break the record for the youngest sailor to circumnavigate the globe , a title held briefly by her older brother Zac , who completed his sail last year at 17 .
“ We have just heard from the Australian Search and Rescue .
The plane arrived on the scene moments ago .
Wild Eyes is upright but her rigging is down .
The weather conditions are abating .
Radio communication was made and Abby reports that she is fine , ” Ms. Sunderland ’s parents reported on her blog .
“ We do n’t know much else right now .
The French fishing vessel that was diverted to her location will be there in a little over 24 hours .
Where they will take her or how long it will take we do n’t know , ” they said .
• Human rights groups say measures do not go far enough • Construction materials among products to be allowed in
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Israel will ease much of its land blockade of the Gaza Strip , it was revealed today .
The Israeli government is hoping to silence growing international criticism following the assault on a flotilla of aid ships bound for Gaza in which nine activists were killed .
A statement from the office of the prime minister , Binyamin Netanyahu , said Israeli leaders decided today to expand the number of products Israel will allow into Gaza , including construction materials .
The naval blockade will remain .
" It was agreed to liberalise the system by which civilian goods enter Gaza [ and ] expand the inflow of materials for civilian projects that are under international supervision , " the statement , which did not specify any product list , read .
The new arrangements , decided upon in a series of meetings between the Middle East Quartet envoy , Tony Blair , and Netanyahu , are expected to cover three areas :
• A list of prohibited goods not allowed into Gaza , replacing the current system of a list of approved goods
• Agreement to allow construction materials for UN - sponsored projects
• Israel to consider allowing EU monitors to be stationed at crossings between Israel and Gaza
An Israeli military official told the Associated Press that all foods would be freely let in to Gaza with immediate effect .
Israel has previously allowed a narrow and constantly changing list of authorised food items .
Outside Israel , the announcement received a cautious welcome – although human rights groups said it did not go far enough .
Hamas dismissed it as " window dressing . "
" What is needed is a complete lifting of the blockade , " spokesman Sami Abu Zuhri said .
" Goods and people must be free to enter and leave .
Gaza especially needs construction materials , which must be allowed to come in without restrictions . "
The EU said the Israeli announcement was " a step in the right direction " , but the EU foreign policy chief , Catherine Ashton , said officials wanted to see how it was carried out , adding : " The detail is what matters . "
She said Israel must " make sure that many , many more goods can get in to Gaza to enable people to reconstruct their homes , to build schools , to place infrastructure , and also enable people to get on with ordinary lives " .
Oxfam welcomed the move , but described it as " a far cry from the full lifting of the blockade that is urgently needed " .
" Only a full opening of all crossings to people and goods , including exports , can be the breakthrough that will enable Gazan civilians to restore their economy and escape the poverty the blockade has entrenched , " a statement read .
" The international community must press for the blockade to be fully lifted , rather than only eased . "
Gisha , an Israeli human rights organisation , questioned whether the blockade had been effective .
" The time has come for Israel to ask serious questions about how three years of closure have promoted the goals it declared for itself and what has been the effect on 1.5 million people whose right to travel and to engage in productive work has been denied , " the organisation said .
" We do n't need cosmetic changes .
We need a policy that recognises the rights of Palestinian residents of Gaza not just to consume but also to produce and to travel . "
Salam Kanaan of Save the Children UK said Gazan families should be allowed to move freely across the border .
" Save the Children would welcome any increase in urgently needed supplies into Gaza .
More nutritious food , medical supplies and building materials in particular will make a significant difference to the quality of life of children living there , " he said .
" But simply easing the blockade by allowing more goods in is not enough .
What about sick children who need life - saving medical attention out of Gaza ?
Will they and their families be allowed to move freely across the border ?
Family businesses , orchards and crops have been destroyed by years of conflict and three years of life under a strict blockade .
The people of Gaza need to start rebuilding their destroyed economy by exporting their goods out . "
﻿﻿One of the really attractive things about the N900 is the possibility of customising it .
You see , I ’m a bit of a geek at times .
A nerd , if you will .
And the idea of being able to tweak the way my phone works appeals to me , whether it be in fixing a bug I find in an app or out - and - out writing a new one for something the manufacturer had n’t though of ( and I think a lot of the iPhone ’s appeal to geeks is represented by that too , app store policy issues aside ) .
But that ’s not an option on symbian .
First off , well , programming for symbian is fairly horrible ; and secondly , you ’d need the source code to the app which most companies are n’t going to provide without a rather large chunk of change .
But the N900 runs linux and therefore it should be really easy to code for ( if you ’ve written code on linux before ) .
And since Python is one of the easier ways to write an application , I wondered how long it would take me to get up and running with Python on the N900 , from nothing installed through to getting “ Hello , World ” running .
So here ’s how it went .
Start the clock at 1300h .
After a brief google search , I open this blog post and the PyMaemo quick start guide .
Right , there are two options :
1 . Do n’t install any complex cross-compiling environment , just develop the python code on your desktop machine and then just scp the .py file (s ) to the N900 and run the application from there ( this requires that you ’ve installed the OpenSSH package on the N900 , which I had already ) .
2 . Go the whole hog with scratchbox and set up the full Maemo5 SDK and be able to run apps on the desktop in an emulated N900 environment for test / debug purposes .
Okay , it ’s 1308 h so let ’s do the first route just to see how long it takes .
I download and install the the Personal IP desktop widget to see what the N900 ’s IP is , and then ssh to it ( I have a minor hassle with trying to ssh to the N900 when it ’s on its 3G IP address , which you ca n’t do for networking reasons ; so I put it on the local wireless lan and the problem goes away ) .
Copy hello.py ( stolen from the maemo.org wiki ) to the N900 with scp .
[ cc escaped =” true ” lang = ” python ” ]
import gtk from gtk import Window , Button , Widget if __name__ == " __main__ " : window = Window ( gtk.WINDOW_TOPLEVEL ) window.connect ( " destroy " , gtk.main_quit ) button = Button ( " Hello World " ) button.connect_object(" clicked " , Widget.destroy , window ) window.add( button ) window.show_all( ) gtk.main ( )
[ / cc ]
Then from the ssh session into the N900 I run [ cci ] python hello. py [ / cci ] and then hit Ctrl - Shift - P to take a screenshot and haul this out of /home / user / MyDocs /.images / Screenshots using scp :
That ’s 27 minutes from absolutely nothing to “ Hello , World ” on an embedded system .
While eating lunch and blogging my steps .
Can I just say that the N900 rocks for this alone ?
Okay , but it ’s not a real cross - platform dev environment .
So next up , route 2 – the full Maemo5 SDK and scratchbox .
Scratchbox , for those who ’ve never heard of it , is the emulated N900 environment , which uses Xephyr ( an X - within - X server ) for the display .
It proved a little tricky to install on my laptop , because I ’m running on a 64 - bit platform .
Here ’s what I did : ﻿
sudo apt - get install xserver - xephyr
That ’s all it took for Xephyr , but the Maemo SDK was a wee bit more annoying .
wget http://repository.maemo.org/stable/5.0/maemo-sdk-install-wizard_5.0.py chmod a+x maemo-sdk-install -wizard_5.0.py sudo ./maemo-sdk-install-wizard_5.0.py
From here it ’s just a straightforward wizard installation :
Quite a few EULAs , but eventually the real work gets going …﻿﻿ ﻿
And at this point , you go off and make a cup of tea while it all downloads .
This runs for a half - hour or so on my network connection until ( the clock ’s at 1414h for those keeping score ) …
So the install failed .
A bit of digging reveals that the wierd assertion error that caused the bug ( you can see it in the screenshot there ) is a 32 bit - v- 64 bit problem .
This is overcome with a boot kernel option so I re-ran the install wizard to uninstall what it had installed , then rebooted and used the GRUB editor to set vdso32=0 in the boot options for the kernel and let it boot up .
You can , of course , find other more permanent ways to do that , and it can be done via sysctl.conf as well if your kernel is version ﻿ 2.6.24 or earlier ( mine ’s 2.6.30 so no hope there , has to be done by boot parameter ) .
Once that was done and we ’d rebooted , I re-ran the install wizard .
It does takes a lot of time ( it ’s woefully optimistic about installing inside of 20 minutes ) , but it needs no input , so you ’re free to get some coffee or read away …
Until it finally succeeds .
The clock ’s now at 1714h for those keeping score .
The next job is to fire up the development environment .
This starts off easy enough :
Xephyr :2 - host - cursor - screen 800x480x16 - dpi 96 - ac & ln -s /scratchbox/users/mdennehy/home/mdennehy scratchbox cp /tmp/hello.py scratchbox /MyDocs/ /scratchbox/login export DISPLAY=:2 af - sb-init.sh start
And there we are , the emulated N900 device starts up :
Now to run the app is a bit more complicated , you have to add the python SDK to the emulated device too .
First , ensure the following lines are in its sources .
list file :
deb http://repository.maemo.org/extras-devel fremantle free non-free deb-src
http://repository.maemo.org/extras-devel fremantle free
Then update and install :
apt - get update apt - get install python - gtk2 python-sdk
And finally , run the python script ( which you can just copy from your $ HOME to the directory in the emulated N900 ) .
run-standalone.sh python2.5 hello.py
And do n’t forget to shut the door and turn out the lights once you ’re done :
af - sb - init.sh stop exit
That took until 1815h , but most of the delay was in setup ; actual code hassles were nonexistant .
That ’s remarkable for an embedded platform like this .
27 minutes to get a basic app running ; an afternoon ( most of it spent doing other stuff while stuff downloaded ) to get the full development environment ( with emulator ) up and running .
Simply excellent .
The N900 really is a very good platform for development work , especially with Python .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
More
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Like this : Like Loading ...
Tags : Linux , maemo , n900 , nokia , pymaemo , Python , scratchbox
Excerpt from " The Love You Make .
An Insider 's Story of The Beatles " ,
by Peter Brown & Steven Gaines .
( Additional information : )
It is not a secret that many celebrities are regular weed users , but few , if any at all , actually seek treatment at Marijuana addiction centers in California .
Signet 1984 , ISBN 0-451-12797-8
Chapter 8 , part 3 .
Peter Brown was Executive Director of NEMS Enterprises , the Beatles ' management company , and was closely associated with the group , in both business and personal life .
He was John Lennon 's best man when John married Yoko and still maintains a close personal relationship with the surviving Beatles .
On August 28 ( 1964 ) a small but auspicious event occurred at the Delmonico Hotel in New York that would grow to affect the consciousness of the world : Bob Dylan turned the Beatles on to marijuana for the first time in their lives .
Now , the Beatles did not become marijuana addicts immediately after that - it took at least six months for that transformation to occur - but smoking pot with Dylan gave getting high the Sanctification of the Hip .
Before that they had spurned marijuana with a passion ; as far as they were concerned , pot smokers were junkies , in the same category as heroin addicts .
The pills the boys took were pharmaceutical , illegally obtained but not illegal to take .
Shortly after their turn - on with Dylan they began to compose under marijuana 's spell .
It did n't show very much on the next album , most of which was already composed and recorded anyway , but you could almost smell the pungent smoke on the album that was to follow .
There was no doubt about it ; Dylan had given them a key that opened a door to a new dimension of pop music , and they took the youth of the world across the threshold with them .
John Lennon had long wanted to meet Bob Dylan , but not as badly as he wanted to meet Elvis , however .
For John , Elvis was a god who had achieved indescribable sanctity .
Dylan was a contemporary , and to John just another competitor , although John was a little envious of Dylan 's gift for lyrics .
It was only recently that John had begun to take special interest in his own lyrics .
His first introspective , autobiographical song , " I 'll Cry Instead " , had been written for the soundtrack of A Hard Day 's Night but had never made it into the movie .
The lyrics said , " I 've got a chip on my shoulder that 's bigger than my feet / I can't talk to people that I meet . "
That was certainly the case with Dylan .
They were introduced by a mutual friend , writer Al Aronowitz , who was one of the first legitimate journalists to write about pop music .
Aronowitz had befriended John the previous spring in England , while writing about him for The Saturday Evening Post .
At that time John had told Aronowitz he wanted to meet Dylan , but only " on his own terms " , when John had become his " ego equal " .
On that August 28 , after playing the Forest Hills Tennis Stadium , with the Beatles ' smiling faces on the cover of Life magazine , John was ready .
Aronowitz rode in from Woodstock with Dylan in a blue Ford station wagon driven by Victor Mamoudas , Dylan 's road manager and chum .
They parked around the corner from the hotel , and Mamoudas , who 's tall , dark and Sephardic , bombed Dylan and Aronowitz past the crowd of screaming kids into the relative safety of the hotel lobby .
There they found themselves with a two - man police escort to accompany them up to the Beatles ' floor .
When the elevator door opened Dylan and company were shocked to find still more police , plus a dozen people gaily chatting and drinking booze being served out of Derek Taylor 's room .
Included in this group waiting to be admitted to the Beatles ' suite were various reporters , disc jockeys , and the singing groups The Kingston Trio and Peter , Paul and Mary .
Dylan was whisked past these people into the Beatles ' private domain .
Brian , Neil , Mal , and the Beatles had just finished a room - service dinner around the dining room table when Dylan appeared in the doorway .
He was smaller than the boys had expected , with a hook nose and merry , twinkling eyes , like a Semitic St. Nick .
After clumsy introductions officiated over by Brian , the embarrassed tension in the room was palpable .
Brian moved the guests into the living room , trying to keep the evening afloat .
He asked Dylan and his friends what they wanted to drink , and Dylan replied , " Cheap wine . "
Brian was embarrassed to admit that there was only champagne , French wines , scotch , and Coke in the suite , and Mal was dispatched to get Dylan 's favourite cheap wine .
During the wait it was obliquely mentioned that some pills of speed were available , and Dylan and Aronowitz reacted strongly against the idea .
Both of them were antichemical at the time , especially speed .
In lieu of pills , Dylan suggested , perhaps they 'd like to try something organic and green , grown out of Mother Eart 's sweet flowing breast .
Brian and the Beatles looked at each other apprehensively .
" We 've never smoked marijuana before , " Brian finally admitted .
Dylan looked disbelievingly from face to face .
" But what about your song ? " he asked .
The one about getting high ? "
The Beatles were stupefied .
" Which song ? " John managed to ask .
Dylan said , " You know ... " and then he sang , " and when I touch you I get high , I get high ... "
John flushed with embarrassment .
" Those are n't the words , " he admitted .
" The words are , ' I ca n't hide , I can't hide , I can't hide ... ' "
Dylan could n't wait to initiate them .
The preparations to secure the hotel suite took half an hour before Dylan was even allowed to produce the grass .
The doors were closed and bolted , and towels from the bathroom were stuffed into every crevice and crack .
The blinds were pulled tight and the drapes drawn against the Park Avenue traffic .
Finally , a bemused Dylan was allowed to roll the first joint .
Dylan lit the joint , gave them instructions on how to smoke it , and passed it on to John .
John took it from him but was too scared to try it himself and passed it on to Ringo , whom he called " my royal taster " .
Ringo
Held onto the joint and finished it himself while Dylan and Aronowitz rolled half a dozen others .
Ringo started laughing first and set the others off .
Like many novice pot smokers they found many trivial things funny .
Dylan watched for several hours as the Beatles broke each other up , sometimes with something authentically funny , often at nothing more than a look or a word or a pause in the conversation .
For a while they all laughed at Brian , who kept saying , " I 'm so high I 'm on the ceiling .
I 'm up on the ceiling ... "
After the smoke had cleared out they allowed a room - service waiter to come in to clear the dining room and found everything he did reason to convulse them with laughter .
Months later " Let 's have a laugh " became the code for " Let 's get stoned " .
Paul was overwhelmed with the momentousness of the occasion .
" I 'm thinking for the first time , " he said , " really thinking . "
So certain was he of uttering gems of wisdom , he demanded that everything he said that evening be recorded for posterity .
He had Mal Evans follow him around the hotel suite , writing down every thing he said .
Mal Evans kept these notes - ludicruous pontifications in retrospect - with him up until the time of his death in Los Angeles in 1976 .
They were confiscated by the police and lost with some of his other belongings .
The evening was the start of a long , albeit intermittent , friendship with Dylan , and they made arrangements to see him again when they passed through New York at the end of their tour .
The link to Marijuana addiction centers near the top is a paid ad .
i'm only a couple of weeks late
( there 's a group but no one does anything )
( i actually have no idea what this means , and not all of the accounts are very active )
look at this huge article that 's taken me like two weeks to finish !
yey !
my favorite time of year is always fanime time !
it 's the best anime con. why ?
because it 's in my hometown , and because it just plain rules .
and there 's the artists ' alley which is the whole point of this article !
just like my acen article fav.
me / n118014 , i'm featuring the best of the best and the mentionables !was there again and NEEDS TO HAVE AN ACTIVE ACCOUNThere 's the fanime groupherewego !
Bay Area Artists Unitesupport bay area artists !
yeeey !
maybe someday i'll be one of them : thumb155347917 : :thumb160170220 : :thumb148526179 : :thumb152482850 : :thumb148657476 : :thumb147119044 : :thumb86155311 : :thumb165353483 : :thumb132878778 : : thumb143653306::thumb153077516::thumb164608343::thumb142247844::thumb127258348 :i apologise to those i've missed !
if you were at fanime and not mentioned here , it 's only because the artists ' alley was GINORMOUS .
check out these awesome artists and give them some happy s.f. bay area ( and other places ) love !
soma
Chinese workers are planning to sue a Taiwan - based manufacturer who makes iPhone components for Apple .
They say they were poisoned by a chemical used to clean LCD screens .
The 44 workers of Wintek in Suzhou , China , are alleging they were poisoned by n-hexane , a chemical that can cause damage to the peripheral nervous system and the spinal cord , according to Stratfor , a global intelligence agency .
Stratfor 's report said that since August 2009 , 62 Wintek workers have been hospitalized due to n-hexane poisoning .
Wintek , which makes LCD and touch panels for consumer devices , began using n- hexane instead of alcohol sometime last year to clean screens , because apparently it dried more quickly and reduced streaks .
Stratfor notes that the manager who decided to use n- hexane has since been fired .
The Guardian reported that after the chemical switch , workers immediately noticed the pungent smell of n- hexane but did not know it would affect their health .
" We had n't even heard of occupational illnesses before , " Wintek worker Xiao Ling said in an interview with The Guardian .
Apple did not immediately respond to a request for comment regarding Wintek .
Apple works with several Asian suppliers who provide components for its iPhones , iPads , iPods and Macs .
The company earlier this year published its supplier responsibility report , describing the company 's efforts to ensure its partners around the world comply with responsible business practices .
In its report ( .pdf ) , Apple said it audited 102 facilities in 2009 , up from only 39 just two years ago .
The company also claimed it trained 133,000 supervisors and workers on workers ' rights and management responsibility .
Global
Post ran an extensive report late last year detailing the labor violations committed at supply chains all over Asia .
The report based its findings on six months of interviews with workers and activists .
Some claimed they worked in sweatshop - like conditions , such as hourly wages below a dollar and firings with no notice .
From Barron's
See Also :
* Photo : dschulian / Flickr
*
Coventry factory worker , Robert Longden took these photographs of working life on the canals in the late 1940s and early 1950s .
Inland Voyage : Life on the Coventry and Oxford Canals opens at the Herbert Art Gallery and Museum , Coventry , on June 26 and runs until August 30
He has spent about $ 180 million of his own money so far and has said he is willing to spend up to $ 320 million more .
An expansion of the factory will double the amount of floor space as the company begins the transition from research and development to production .
Mr. Bigelow only occasionally gives interviews , and except for Michael N. Gold , the director of Bigelow ’s Washington office , the employees almost never speak publicly .
A company document titled “ Some Important Bigelow Aerospace Cultural Values ” implores employees , “ Keep your work and the work of your co-workers very private from people outside the company . ”
( Mr. Gold said that the confidentiality stems from federal regulations designed to protect technological information and that the engineers are busy working . )
The Las Vegas site is hemmed by barbed wire and patrolled by armed guards .
The soundness of the business case is unknown to outsiders .
Mr. Bigelow declines to say if he has firm commitments from any countries or companies to rent space on his space stations .
In recent years , he has played down the notion that he is building a space hotel for rich tourists , although he says space tourism could provide a part of his business .
Over the past year , Mr. Gold visited countries like Japan , South Korea , Singapore , the Netherlands , England and Sweden to gauge interest .
A stay on a Bigelow station , including transportation , is currently priced at just under $ 25 million a person for 30 days .
That is less than half the more than $ 50 million a seat that NASA is paying for rides alone on Soyuz spacecraft to the International Space Station .
Doubling the stay to 60 days adds just $ 3.75 million more .
For a country or company willing to sign up for a four - year commitment , the lease for an entire six - person module would cost just under $ 395 million a year , and that would include transportation for a dozen people each year .
“ You see why this is attractive for the sovereign client market , ” Mr. Gold said .
Image INFLATABLE NASA ’s Echo satellite was basically a Mylar balloon .
Bigelow ’s design uses aluminized and foam skins .
Credit ...
NASA
The Bigelow prices are good through 2018 , and Mr. Bigelow said the prices would drop by then if , as he expects , rocket prices drop .
DALLAS — Local activists with the Southern Christian Leadership Conference , the Dallas Peace Center and others called a “ Poor People ’s Rally ” outside City Hall here , June 23 .
About 100 people were able to get downtown at the noon rally in 100 - degree heat .
It was a scorcher .
Faced with city , state and national campaigns to get people to accept more cuts in our living standards , the crowd was ready to dig in their heels .
Here in Dallas , a $ 130 million budget shortfall has brought proposals of closing more libraries and swimming pools while laying - off hundreds of skilled city workers .
But , it has n’t stopped city - subsidized construction on a new “ designer ” bridge across the Trinity River .
The city does plan to convert the old bridge into a park .
Another big park is under construction in the arts district , near the new symphony hall .
The State of Texas says they need $ 18 billion to break even in the legislative session that begins in January .
Their proposals , so far , are to introduce more gambling and to crowd public school students into classrooms .
The Texas AFL - CIO has demanded that they start spending the state ’s “ Rainy Day Fund ” before starting layoffs , but the Republican governor and top state politicians are not responding .
Gathering people ’s input to resolve the national budget crisis is the ostensible purpose of a number of linked “ town hall ” meetings across the country on June 26 .
But , according to economist Dean Baker , the proceedings are apparently rigged to turn out no “ solutions ” other than more cuts for working people and retirees .
Baker wrote the meetings will be “ … another milestone in the drive to cut Social Security and Medicare . ”
The Dallas newspaper encouraged people to attend , but also revealed that the Chamber of Commerce , one of working peoples ’ worst enemies , was helping organize the event !
Photo : Jim Lane / PW
Santa definitely got it right !
Thank you so much for DWIGHT SCHRUTE !!!
I ’m sure he is going to be great company in my office along with my DUNDEE A ...
Going against the grain may turn out to be a powerful move for black holes .
New research suggests supermassive black holes that spin backwards might produce more ferocious jets of gas .
The results have broad implications for how galaxies change over time .
" A lot of what happens in an entire galaxy depends on what 's going on in the minuscule central region where the black hole lies , " said theoretical astrophysicist David Garofalo of NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , Calif .
Garofalo is lead author of a new paper that appeared online May 27 in the Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society .
Other authors are Daniel A. Evans of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Cambridge , Mass. , and Rita M. Sambruna of NASA Goddard Space Flight Center , Greenbelt , Md .
Black holes are immense distortions of space and time with gravity that is so great , even light itself cannot escape .
Astronomers have known for more than a decade that all galaxies , including our own Milky Way , are anchored by tremendous , so - called supermassive black holes , containing billions of suns ' worth of mass .
The black holes are surrounded and nourished by disks of gas and dust , called accretion disks .
Powerful jets stream out from below and above the disks like lasers , and fierce winds blow off from the disks themselves .
The black holes can spin either in the same direction as the disks , called prograde black holes , or against the flow -- the retrograde black holes .
For decades , astronomers thought that the faster the spin of the black hole , the more powerful the jet .
But there were problems with this " spin paradigm " model .
For example , some prograde black holes had been found with no jets .
Garofalo and his colleagues have been busy flipping the model on its head .
In previous papers , they proposed that the backward , or retrograde , black holes spew the most powerful jets , while the prograde black holes have weaker or no jets .
The new study links the researchers ' theory with observations of galaxies across time , or at varying distances from Earth .
They looked at both " radio - loud " galaxies with jets , and " radio - quiet " ones with weak or no jets .
The term " radio " comes from the fact that these particular jets shoot out beams of light mostly in the form of radio waves .
The results showed that more distant radio - loud galaxies are powered by retrograde black holes , while relatively closer radio - quiet objects have prograde black holes .
According to the team , the supermassive black holes evolve over time from a retrograde to a prograde state .
" This new model also solves a paradox in the old spin paradigm , " said David Meier , a theoretical astrophysicist at JPL not involved in the study .
" Everything now fits nicely into place . "
The scientists say that the backward black holes shoot more powerful jets because there 's more space between the black hole and the inner edge of the orbiting disk .
This gap provides more room for the build - up of magnetic fields , which fuel the jets , an idea known as the Reynold 's conjecture after the theoretical astrophysicist Chris Reynolds of the University of Maryland , College Park .
" If you picture yourself trying to get closer to a fan , you can imagine that moving in the same rotational direction as the fan would make things easier , " said Garofalo .
" The same principle applies to these black holes .
The material orbiting around them in a disk will get closer to the ones that are spinning in the same direction versus the ones spinning the opposite way . "
Jets and winds play key roles in shaping the fate of galaxies .
Some research shows that jets can slow and even prevent the formation of stars not just in a host galaxy itself , but also in other nearby galaxies .
" Jets transport huge amounts of energy to the outskirts of galaxies , displace large volumes of the intergalactic gas , and act as feedback agents between the galaxy 's very center and the large - scale environment , " said Sambruna .
" Understanding their origin is of paramount interest in modern astrophysics . "
Shares
Mark Hyman , a proponent of so - called “ functional medicine ” promoting himself over at the Huffington Post ( an online news source that essentially allows dubious medical infomercials to pass as news ) has posted a particularly egregious article on personalized medicine for dementia .
In the article Hyman distorts the modern practice of medicine , the current state of genetic science , and the very notion of “ disease . ”
It is , as usual , a fine piece of medical propaganda sure to confuse many a reader .
Hyman starts with some standard epidemiology of dementia – it is a common and growing disorder – but then descends quickly into distortion and pseudoscience .
Conventional Medicine Strawman .
Hyman creates what readers are likely to recognize by now as the standard straw man of conventional or science - based medicine , and then uses that caricature to create a false dichotomy with his “ functional ” medicine .
He writes :
But first I want to explain why just naming a disease — whether it is dementia or anything else — is becoming increasingly unhelpful ( unless you just want to match the drug to the disease which is the only thing doctors are trained to do ) .
and
In fact , disease and diagnosis as we know it will soon be an obsolete concept , an artifact of medical history , like bloodletting or phrenology ( the art of diagnosis based on the shape of your skull , popular in the 19th century ) .
The reason is simply this : Naming a disease does nothing to help us identify and treat the underlying causes of the disease .
We must address these causes if we have any hope of helping individuals heal .
As a neurologist who treats dementia , his straw man is more than a bit offensive .
Hyman does not seem qualified , if his writings and videos are any indication , to offer an opinion on medical training .
Hyman would have you believe that the science - based approach is going the way of bloodletting .
But what he is really indicating is that he does not understand the label of dementia , the concept of disease , or the complex relationship between science and medical practice .
What is a disease ?
Hyman uses the term “ dementia ” quite loosely in his article , so let me explain what we actually mean by this term .
Dementia is a clinical syndrome ( not a disease ) – it is the term applied to a condition of chronic cognitive impairment , regardless of cause .
On the other hand , Alzheimer ’s disease is a specific disease – a pathophysiological entity with specific changes to the brain on biopsy and markers in the blood and spinal fluid ( although at present only biopsy is useful for diagnosis ) .
When a patient presents with dementia ( actually they present with cognitive symptoms and are diagnosed with dementia based upon history and exam , distinguishing it from other entities , like delirium , psychosis , or specific disorders like language dysfunction ) the first order of business is to rule out treatable or reversible forms .
This may include depression , medication side effects , nutritional deficiencies , anatomical lesions , strokes , inflammatory diseases , toxicities , and other causes .
This is done by history , physical , MRI scan of the brain , EEG , and blood tests .
If an underlying treatable cause is found , it is treated .
Patients may then stabilize , improve , and even be entirely cured , depending on the cause and if any permanent damage has already occurred .
If the workup for reversible causes is negative then the patient is not given the diagnosis of Alzheimer ’s disease – rather they are diagnosed with an Alzheimer ’s - like dementia , or a related but still irreversible cause of dementia .
It is true that simply attaching a label to a syndrome does not necessarily lead to effective treatment or even better understanding , as I have pointed out myself previously .
In fact , some syndrome labels are over -used .
But the same is not true of a genuine disease label – a diagnosis that carries with it a host of information about epidemiology , risk factors , underlying causes , genetic predispositions , and treatment outcomes .
Hyman hopelessly confuses these two situations , demonstrating a profound lack of understanding of how medical thinking has progressed over the last couple of centuries .
Hyman demonstrates his confusion by using the term “ dementia ” as if it were interchangeable with “ Alzheimer ’s disease . ”
He writes :
“ There is no effective known treatment for dementia . ”
This statement is flawed on many levels .
Some dementias are treatable , even curable , if the cause is reversible .
It is true there is no cure for Alzheimer ’s disease , and no disease - modifying treatment , but there are treatments .
Currently available treatments for Alzheimer ’s disease , however , are symptomatic only – they improve function but do not alter the course of the disease .
Hyman ’s sloppy language reflects his sloppy thinking , the likely result is that his readers will end up as confused as he appears to be .
Hyman ’s Anecdotes
Hyman ’s article goes from bad to worse – after distorting the current state of neuroscience and medical practice regarding dementia , his infomercial for his own idiosyncratic methods begins .
He offers , of course , just anecdotes – two patients whom he treated and who we are told improved .
Of course , we are given no information to confirm a diagnosis .
Since Hyman appears not to know the difference between dementia and Alzheimer ’s disease , it is quite possible that either or both of these patients had a reversible cause of dementia , and their improvement may or may not have had anything to do with his ministrations .
But they are useless as evidence for any superiority of Hyman ’s approach to the science - based approach .
For example – despite the fact that Hyman would have you believe my training was restricted to pharmacotherapy , I routinely will check patients who present with dementia for folate and vitamin B12 deficiency ( this is standard practice ) .
In addition I check homocysteine and methylmalonic acid levels , because these markers may be elevated even with low normal levels of folate and B12 .
If this blood work indicates a functional deficiency of either vitamin , then I supplement and monitor the blood work to see how they respond .
This is the evidence - based approach .
Scientific doctors are good at asking meaningful questions and then doing research to answer them .
Is the B12 and folate level enough ?
Turns out , the other metabolic markers may be a more sensitive indicator of a relative deficiency .
Should we treat every dementia patient with folate and or B12 ?
Turns out , there is no clinical response to routine treatment – so treatment should be targeted at those with a documented deficiency .
Gurus like Hyman , however , are not evidence - based .
Rather , in my opinion , they seem to search for any tenuous evidence to support their philosophy or marketing strategy and then make huge hand - waving extrapolations from the evidence to their practice .
Hyman , for example , writes :
George had another gene called MTHFR ( viii ) that made him require very high doses of folate to lower his blood levels of homocysteine , which is a substance very toxic to the brain .
This is part of his genetic “ personalized medicine ” marketing .
But what I described above is true personalized medicine – using markers that have been shown to be useful in individualizing treatment – who needs folic acid and who does n’t .
But looking at genes sounds more cutting edge – better for marketing .
Hyman seems to be cherry picking the evidence .
At present there is inconclusive evidence linking the MTHFR gene to an increased risk of dementia in the elderly , and a recent large study showed :
MTHFR genotypes or alleles also did not show any correlation ( with dementia ) .
But worse , Hyman confuses the role of risk factors , markers for diagnosis , and markers for treatment .
Some genotypes correlate with an increased risk of developing a disease , but are not helpful in diagnosis .
Other genes are useful in diagnosis , but only some of these genes are useful in predicting outcome to specific treatments .
Now , it is true that we hope one day to usher in a phase of medicine where we use genetic testing to tailor our treatments .
This is theoretically possible , and we are making progress , but we are not there yet .
Just as we hope one day to cure many diseases with stem cells , but I would not pay to go overseas to a stem cell clinic today .
Hyman is misusing current research to determine treatment – but this is simply not evidence - based .
It is not “ functional ” medicine , it is bad medicine .
Science - based doctors want to know what markers actually mean – and for treatments that means they need to be tied to treatment outcomes .
None of the studies Hyman references actually support the genetics - based treatment decisions he is advocating .
I would also point out that he mixes in some advice that is based on evidence , but that is already part of standard evidence - based practice ( or is being incorporated in response to published evidence ) .
For example , here is a study which concludes :
CONCLUSION : Vegetables , unsaturated fats , and a high MeDi score may be beneficial to cognitive function .
MeDi is short for a Mediterranean diet .
The evidences shows decreased risk and better long term outcomes for patients who eat plenty of vegetables , have low saturated fats , and generally eat a Mediterranean diet ( which has lots of vegetables and low saturated fats ) .
This is a generally healthful diet in many ways – and we do n’t need to test your genes to recommend it .
Hyman also recommends exercise – and there is evidence that exercise reduces risk and improves outcome in vascular dementia and other dementias .
So that is also part of conventional treatment .
I wonder who Hyman thinks is doing all these studies on diet and exercise , since he believes physician training only includes matching drugs to diseases .
Conclusion
Science - based medicine includes many modalities of intervention , including diet , targeted supplementation , exercise , risk modification , symptomatic treatment , and where possible disease modification .
The research on any particular medical topic , like dementia , is very deep and nuanced and requires understanding of the complex relationship between syndrome , disorders and diseases , the relationship between biomarkers and pathophysiology , the differences among markers for risk , diagnosis , and treatment outcomes , and the types of evidence that are useful in determining which treatments work and are appropriate for specific patients .
Mark Hyman , in advocating for his “ functional ” medicine , appears to understand none of this .
Instead he whitewashes over all this complexity and would have his readers believe that science - based practitioners take a simplistic knee - jerk pharmacological approach to all patients .
The evidence clearly puts the lie to this caricature .
Meanwhile he himself takes what appears to be an overly simplistic approach – extrapolating tenuously and inappropriately from various different kinds of evidence to ultimate treatment decisions .
Specifically in this essay he abuses preliminary evidence on the relationship between various genetic markers and disease risk factors to give the illusion of personalized medicine – prematurely declaring the death of the indispensable notion of “ disease . ”
He seems to have failed to notice that the very evidence he is citing is often closely tied to , or even dependent upon , the concept of a pathophysiological disease .
He further borrows from legitimate science in order to argue for the inadequacy of the scientific tradition that created the evidence in the first place .
We know about the legitimate benefits of exercise and a healthful diet because of science - based medicine – not the slick marketing of self - promoting gurus .
1991 Gründung in Wies / Steiermark Österreich
Die Geschichte unserer Firma Kaiser Systeme nahm ihren Anfang in sehr überschaubaren Dimensionen .
Unser Chef und unsere Chefin , Herr und Frau Kaiser , leiteten das Unternehmen im Wohnhaus und mieteten erste Lagerräume hinzu .
Doch schon nach kurzer Zeit wurde der Raum zu knapp .
1993 Neubau einer Halle mit Lager und Büro in Deutschlandsberg
Die Expansion nahm ihren Anfang .
Mit der Umsiedelung nach Deutschlandsberg wurde der endgültige Grundstein für die zukünftige Expansion in den europäischen Raum gelegt .
1997 Erweiterung der Lagerhalle auf 1300 m²
Der Kundenstamm wächst stetig und die Lagerhaltung nimmt immer größeren Umfang an . Ebenso wird das Sortiment permanent erweitert .
Die Kapazitätsvergrößerung des Lagers war die logische Schlussfolgerung .
1998 Büroausbau
Eine Aufstockung des Personals bleibt unabdingbar .
Der Büroausbau ermöglicht eine effiziente und bestmögliche Kundenbetreuung .
Modernste Büroausstattung und der Auftritt im Internet führen zur Erschließung neuer Interessenten und Kunden .
Als einer der ersten Internetanbieter in unserem Bereich nimmt die Fa. Kaiser Systeme damit eine Vorreiterstellung ein , die sie bis heute sehr erfolgreich behalten hat .
2001 Gründung der Zweigniederlassung Deutschland in Nienhagen
Der enorme Erfolg in Deutschland führt dazu , dass eine Niederlassung in Deutschland gegründet wird .
2002 Umzug der Niederlassung Deutschland nach München
Um unsere Kunden in Deutschland noch besser und schneller bedienen zu können , wird in diesem Jahr unsere deutsche Niederlassung nach München verlegt .
Hier befindet sich seit diesem Jahr unser deutsches Büro. 2004 Vergrößerung der Lagerflächen auf 3.000 m²
Die Lagerkapazitäten in unserem Zentrallager in Deutschlandsberg / Österreich sind erschöpft und es kommt zu einer beinahe Verdreifachung der Lagerhallen .
Durch eine große Umschlagshäufigkeit und eine Verdoppelung des Lagerpersonals wird unsere perfekte Logistik und die unseren Kunden bekannte Zuverlässigkeit von Kaiser Systeme stets gewährleistet .
2008 Neugestaltung der Homepage
Durch einen komplett neuen Internetauftritt und unseres Kataloges sind wir inzwischen sowohl österreichweit , als auch deutschlandweit bekannt .
Bekannt , für unsere Kundenfreundlichkeit , unsere Kundennähe , unsere Zuverlässigkeit und natürlich für unsere qualitativ einwandfreien Produkte .
﻿﻿﻿ ﻿2011 Neubau eines Bürogebäudes in Deutschlandsberg
Um unseren Mitarbeitern einen optimales Arbeitsumfeld bieten zu können , haben wir uns dazu entschlossen , ein modernes Bürogebäude zu errichten .
Mit dem Bau wurde nach Ostern 2011 begonnen .
Bereits am 28.12.2011 konnten wir unsere neuen Büros beziehen .
Nikolas Asimos , born Nikolaos Asimopoulos , was the greatest troubadour of the anarchist movement in Greece and one of the figures that made Exarcheia diachronic habitat of radical thinking and practice .
This is an attempt at a first synoptic biography of Asimos in English with some integrated translations of his poems and songs .
The biography is based on Asimos ’ book “ Searching for Crockanthropus ” as well as information posted at http://asimos.gr
Nikolas Asimopoulos was born on the 20th of August 1949 in Salonica and spend his childhood in the city of Kozani in North Greece .
His first clash with the system was in 1966 when he sent a translation of the French song “ Monsieur Cannibal ” to a newspaper column edited by Nikos Mastorakis , the then authority on rock music and later collaborator of the Colonels ’ Junta .
Instead of publishing the translation , Mastorakis authored an ironic piece on it , to which Nikolaos Asimopoulos replied by a scathing four pages public letter under the pen name “ Asimos ” , which he would thence use as his surname .
A year later he leaves Kozani for Salonica to read Medieval and Modern Greek Studies at the Philosophical School of the Aristotelian University .
The Years of the Junta
During his third year of study Asimos made his debut in theatre playing Moliere .
Yet his career in theatre would soon bring him up against the Junta Censors when a year later the Colonels ’ propaganda machine demanded the rising phoenix , the trademark of the Junta , to feature at the back page of the booklet of a play of Menander where he had a leading role .
As a result of his refusal , his efforts to set up an experimental drama group in the basement of the School of Philosophy were smashed by the Junta ’s General Security which took away from Asimos his identity card so as not to give it back until 18 years later .
In 1972 , in the stifling climate of the dictatorship , he met Dimitris Dimitrakopoulos who taught him guitar and he starts to perform unplugged in the café which at the time functioned at the attic of the White Tower with other musically inclined youth , deserting his studies for ever .
After falling out with his friends , Asimos moved to Athens where he took part for a last time in a theatre performance , immersed more and more in the radical upsurge of the youth that would soon find expression , in the spring of 1973 , in the occupation of the Law School .
After the Polytechneio Uprising in November 1973 and its bloody clamp down , Asimos composed a impromptu poem which according to his memoirs he would sing in the basement of the “ 5th season ” with the orchestra making staccato sounds similar to the machine guns and the tanks that massacred the people that night ; meanwhile the audience would murmur “ ESA , SS , Torturers ! ” ( ESA was the military police responsible for countless horrors before and during the junta ) :
November 1973
From the wild nights of Athens …
When the small and the great clashed
the small won ,
so that the great could become a leading
guide of truth …
Auntie , light the candle , we shall win …
From the wild nights of Athens …
Wolves in the dark , wolves hunt down
a virgin deer , they tear its belly drink its blood
and inside them , I think ,
their beastly heart is shaken .
Auntie , light the candle , we shall win …
I begin a song and the cyclical dance starts
In the wax silence of censorship
The knowledge circulates
Do n’t disturb my circles …a muddled up transistor .
Auntie , light the candle , we shall win …
From the wild nights of Athens … .
Think all together , you slaves … .
The nightingale sang to you from the stone balcony …
And it only sings once !
The winter of 1973 - 74 was the darkest of all in the 7 years dictatorship with the new hardliners ’ junta led by Brigadier Ioannidis ( ESA ’s dog , as the people called him ) abolishing any trace of tolerance or pretence of legality .
For Asimos this was a time of fear and extreme hunger : on New Year ’s eve the “ 5th Season ” where he sang alongside the old communist guerrilla Panos Tzavellas was sealed by the junta .
Soon however Asimos was offered a job by Thanasis Gaifilias in the music scene “ The Eleventh Commandment ” .
A few months later , Gaifilias moved out in search of glory and Asimos was left alone to set up a music - theatrical experimental performance .
The sign on the door of the “ Eleventh Commandment ” read : “ Entry not allowed to anyone born on the 21st of April , toothpastes exempted ” ( 21st of April was the day of the coup ) .
After numerous raids , the General Security decided to seal the shop for good as subversive on April 1974 .
The Republican Years
After the military - civilian handing over of power in July 1974 Asimos published his first text in the magazine Pan derma ( Vol.9 ) published by the father of the radical press in Greece , Leonidas Christakis .
At the same time Asimos founded the “ Musical Theatre of Poverty ” which was housed in Plaka , functioning as an artists commune .
The experiment failed , according to Asimos due to leftist in - fight between the members of the orchestra and the shop was handed over to Tzavellas who by then had become a super - star of guerrilla songs that would provide the soundtrack to a lifestyle of super - revolutionary inaction of a whole generation of leftists .
In this context Asimos would write an untitled prose - poem , that reads like a manifesto of the new - born anarchist movement of the time , and the reasons of its birth , the treachery of the Left :
These years have gone to waste
These years were usurped by the leaders
Yet these years left something behind them
Something strong that darkness cannot consume .
These years carry their own consciousness
Their truth on the lost time
On our contribution to this loss
We know now that the powerful will not take a step back peacefully
They will not be thus moved from their hard throne .
They are moved neither by words nor by virtue .
They know all too well that in order to keep themselves
In power they must seduce us , the multitude
To disorient our struggle
To buy - off our leaders .
They have nothing to lose if we do not snatch it from them .
These years have gone to waste
These years have been sold out by our folk
The bloody path of freedom does not waver
It always advances forward in a straight line .
If the enslaved do not see this
The bloody path of freedom degenerates .
Its road does not lead to the gates of humanity peacefully .
The real duty of proletarians is revolution .
To chase away the traitors and the apostates from our class .
To overthrow the powerful from the planet .
These years were good in one thing .
They made us find truth again .
These years have gone to waste .
These years were usurped by leaders .
Yet these years left something behind them
Something strong is born behind the darkness
These years carry their own consciousness .
In 1975 Asimos made an penultimate attempt at recording at Greece ’s major ‘ New Wave ’ record company , Lyra .
This time he managed to record his first work .
Yet little had changed in Greece apart from black ties taking the seats of military overalls .
The now Republican Censorship outlawed any radio transmission of his songs due to their anti-militarism .
In an attempt to help Asimos , Yannis Zouganelis , a leftist talented musician that in the 1990s would degenerate into a TV clown , gave him a place in his “ Cooperative Band of Musicians ” .
The manifesto of the Cooperative , later reproduced in Asimos autobiography , was an attack against mediation and the spectacular role of the arts , yet as Asimos recalls in his memoirs the intentions of the people involved were more with the trendiness of radicalism than with its substance .
Soon Asimos was purged from the Cooperative only to found his own short - lived “ Political Café ” whose interesting political communiqués shook the art establishment and are reproduced in his memoirs .
It was at this time that Asimos wrote and composed some of his most famous anarchist songs , such as “ What if they hit us ” and “ Give it all up ” , still inspiring new generations of radicals in Greece .
What if they hit us
What is they hit us with bombs and canons
What if they ruin out best years
While saying that they only want our good
They never listen our own right
This is no life , under the bosses
Our wages are inhumane
They lead an easy life , and we struggle
Worried if we will have a job or something to eat
Lets take our right to the streets
Bomb and burn the state and the police
We know too well who are our bosses
The blood of November has taught us much
What if they hit us with bombs and cannons
What if they ruin our best years
We will put in front the black and red flag
For us , for a free and younger life
We will put in front the black and red flag
For the struggle , for freedom is a necessity .
Give it all up
Give up school , give up that wreck
You are your own boss once again
Give up the desks and the amphitheatres
And come to the beach to make love
Give up your job , give up that whore
And take care that you decide first
Thousands of supermarkets full of things
Why do n’t we steal them for our old age ?
Give up God , and your father
Do n’t desire wedding and a coolie ’s wage
Refuse to be a double slave - woman
Our children will grow in communes
Give it up then , give up the party
Do n’t carry your own corpse around
Stop being the interpreter of the central donkey [ i.e. central committee ]
Refuse to be an instructor and an instructed
Piss on the Parliament and smash their offices
Let bureaucracy drown itself
And wear a hood when they are up your neck
So that they do n’t recognise you in the riot
Give up the army , the sheep ’s stable
And let them think we are mad
They are arming the people for an idiotic motherland
Hierarchy is not good for anarchists
In this society we have rotten to the bone
Inhumane institutions have become a habit to us
Give it all up and lets live uncomfortably
See how they step and step on reverse .
By the winter of 1976 Asimos was on his way to Exarcheia which would become his natural habitat until the end of his life .
A father of a newborn daughter he started making his living by the fence of the Polytechneio through selling magazines , books and tapes , while at the same time taking part in the first concerts in solidarity to political prisoners of the Republic .
This was a time when Exarcheia started becoming an anarchist stronghold , with the first mass production and distribution of anarchist print material , which soon brought the anarchists under attack by both the Communist Party and the powerful Maoists .
In the autumn of 1977 the first serious clashes of the anarchists with the police erupted during a demonstration in Propylea , with 16 people arrested , including Asimos .
He and five publishers of “ subversive material ” were accused as “ morally responsible for instructing the disturbance of public peace ” .
When liberal artists organised a huge concert in solidarity to the prisoners , three of them , including Asimos published a scathing communiqué where they refused to receive any money collected by the concert , underlining : “ Comrades , the state has locked us in prison because it considers us anarchist and subversive elements .
WE DO NOT NEGATE WHAT WE ARE .
We nevertheless refuse the right of power to arrest anyone as morally responsible for his ideas and actions .
We also refuse any campaign of solidarity which hides the real face of repression by avoiding to refer to our ideas ” .
The trial would never take place due to the public outcry , but Asimos spent two months in the infamous prisons of the Isle of Aegina .
Upon his release he declared : “ I will be back ! ” .
He returned to earning a living selling magazines and books on street stalls by the Polytechneio .
It was during the same period that the police raided the house of Philippos and Sofia Kyritsi and arrested them as anarchists for the possession of 8 beer bottles that were baptized Molotov cocktails .
The ‘ Kyritsis Case ’ was the first attempt by the Republic to accuse and annihilate anarchists as ‘ terrorists ’ ( and the first excuse for drafting an “ anti- terrorist law ” ) and at the time attracted huge publicity causing a mass movement of solidarity that led to the release of the accused .
As for Asimos , his way of protest was characteristically idiosyncratic : he invaded the interrogator ’s office with a plastic space - gun and his baby daughter in his arms spreading confusion and terror on the state officers .
Asimos never tired criticising the “ seriousness ” of radicals who accused him of being too eccentric and unpredictable .
Asimos wrote many poems - songs on the new concept of “ terrorism ” amongst which the following titled “ I am fed up with the Resistance ” , castigating the culture of bragging about one ’s imaginary or real resistance to the junta while cooperating with its civilian heirs .
Because many ask me
How I fared in prison
Why I did not write a song
Like so many “ resisters ”
I answer to them straight on
I do n’t sell my resistance
All of you who resisted
How well you have found your place
So as to compete for a seat in Parliament
I am fed up with the Resistance
False words of fanfarons
I withered in my cell
And I hate politicians
The jails are full , the cells are damp
Penal convicts in dungeons
Are the world ’s alibi so as to hide its falsehood
So as to support its massacres and its legal robberies
Terrorists !
Are those who refuse !
To subordinate .
Liberals !
Those who burn
And massacre .
Put a bomb and blow up
In the air all the cells
For your freedom bury all the socialite nonsense
Of your life
Life is beautiful without laws
Without tanks
Without judges and lawyers
Without bosses and shit
In the greenest weed
I shall find love
Acting never and always
Everywhere and nowhere
Because many ask me
How did in fare in prison … .
In 1978 Asimos recorded in the home studio of Stelios Logothetis his first “ Illegal Tape No. 00001 ” in 500 copies .
The same year he broke up with his partner Lillian and rented a tiny apartment on Arahovis street , in Exarcheia , the so - called “ Basement ” , where he would stay for the next 4 years founding the “ Exarcheia Square Band ” which gave numerous performances in its short life .
The following year he recorded in the same studio 20 songs under the name “ Triple Tape with No Label ” consisting of the Illegal Tapes 00002 , 00003 and 00004 .
In 1980 he finally managed to get exempted from military service after 7 years of efforts as a “ psychotic schizophrenic ” .
After this major victory , he set to note down verses from poems and songs , leaflets , and many more material which he published illegally without a publisher as a 150 pages long book “ Looking for Crockanthropus ” with the help of Leonidas Christakis .
A synopsis let alone an analysis of this most strange book is a task beyond the capacity of this biography .
However its reading for those of the necessary linguistic skills is very rewarding both poetically and historically .
The Final Years
In the winter of 1980 - 1981 Asimos reached the peak of his activity by setting up disturbing impromptu events on the streets of Athens , while also participating in the celebrated heretical film of Nikos Zervos “ The Exarcheia Dracula ” , in a scene mocking the didactic films and communist characters of Theo Angelopoulos .
In the autumn of 1981 before the elections that would change the face of the country by ushering the Socialists in power , Asimos set up ever more heterodox street performances while also participating in the first housing squat in Greek history , of the derelict house of Valtesiou 42 in Exarcheia .
During one of his scandalous happenings he was arrested along side Giorgos Gavalas and Nikos Saviddis .
Asimos and Saviddis were led as a result to the notorious psychiatric asylum of Dafni .
Thousands of people mobilised for his release including many leading artists of the time .
The stay in Dafni was however terrifying and would mark the mind of Asimos until his death .
In the summer of 1982 he would cooperate for the last time with the corporate recording world , publishing the record “ Ho Xanapes ” ( a pun between kanapes - a couch - and xanapes - say it again ) which led to a double attack by both his former colleagues and the Exarcheia anarchists who mocked him by means of the slogan “ Asimos who wants to become diasimos ” ( the ‘ insignificant ’ who wants to become ‘ famous ’ ) .
The attacks led to his further withdrawal to himself , verifying in his mind his earlier critique of the “ seriousness ” of many anarchists , reflected in one of his most famous songs , “ The Revolution proved to be a dream ” :
We said we will abolish the borders
We said we will abolish the state
And we left ourselves the same
In our slimy envelopes .
The revolution proved to be a dream
A convenient and intelligent excuse
We preserve our internal filth
By mean of revolutionary phraseology .
We did not break our sad casts
The suburban cold prejudices
Sickness , you silently boil within us
You pant .
Why do n’t you leave us alone ?
The revolution proved to be a dream
A bankrupt and intelligent excuse
To preserve our internal misery
By means of revolutionary phraseology .
We traced a difficult path
Endless , and we cannot cross it
You have silently impregnated us with disappointment
But perhaps it was worth even trying
The revolution proved to be a dream
Like a forgotten bygone fairytale
Yet despite all our crashed dreams
The truth takes flesh in the ruins .
In 1983 under continuing attacks and a growing fear of the Asylum , Asimos left the “ basement ” of Arahovis and rented the space of 55 Kalidromiou street ( until recently a favorite bar for radicals ) in Exarcheia , which he turned into a “ Preparation Space ” often raided by the police .
During the various raids the police would arrest Asimos and lead him to Dafni where he was subjected to electric shocks and beatings .
He nevertheless continued to record his “ Illegal Tapes ” while also taking part in concerts .
In the summer of 1987 he published his last tape ( 00008 ) , while he also gave five songs for Vassilis Papakonstantinou ’s blockbusting album “ Farewell to Power ” .
The leading homonymous song of the album is still today one of the most famous rock refrains in Greece :
So , farewell to power
I keep the substance of things
And I dream
I take my guitar and I sing
I love you , but I shall not marry you .
Besieged by publicity and corporate crows looking to exploit his talent , his aggression rose until on June 7 1987 he was arrested and accused of rape .
Asimos will be locked in the prison of Korydallos until the collapse of the case .
After his release , his efforts to recover by participating in a couple of films like “ Cannibals on TV ” failed and he was forcibly led to a private psychiatric clinic .
After his release from it he was once again accused of the old rape case .
Crushed by the accusations and the fear of the Asylum , Asimos hanged himself on Thursday 17 March 1988 .
The funeral of Nikolas Asimos took place the nest day at the cemetery of Kallithea attended by 200 people under the sound of the “ Mechanism ” .
The cost of the funeral was paid by the communist singer and composer Vassilis Papakonstantinou , whereas the media spent endless pages speculating on the suicide .
In February 1989 his first postmortem record is published “ Diogenis ’ Lantern ” with the participation of Sotiria Leonardou , based on “ Illegal Tape 000008 ” .
The title of the album comes from a poem and song of Asimos :
Diogenis ’ Lantern
I said I should too change my life , and start a new game
I knew that before I held my heart , bare and pure , on the razor blade
And I did not see the first hope
Becoming a sperm and taking flesh .
By Diogeni ’s lantern stand a young man waiting
Lest they smash it , even though they take him for an assassin
Due to his so sensitive heart
The time does not return any longer
My boy , the lamp is no good .
So I will look to wear a highland dress and gun
With no anger and no words I will pay the thieves by the grave
The despots and the governors
The merchants and the judges .
Half of them chew and half of them are silent
And the bending people await .
Slavery is not always to blame for our chains
its our subordinated heart instead .
With a lantern you roam the nights again
Looking for insubordinate gazes .
At the same time the German radio station WDR dedicates a three hour - long program to Asimos .
In 1992 the second post - mortem record of Asimos is published “ In the World ’s Bankruptcy – Yusurum ” with the participation of V. Papakonstantinou .
Finally in 1997 V. Papakonstantinou will perform five songs of Asimos in the record “ Tell me a lie to fall asleep ” .
In 1999 Dimitris Bageris ’ book “ The famous Nikolas Asimos ” was published by Sigaretta carrying archival material on Asimos , followed by Giorgos Allamani 's biography " With not single refuge " , while in 2000 the radical publishing house Vivliopelagos republished Asimos ’ book “ Searching for Crockanthropus ” .
The author of the biography “ Cleopatra : A Life ” may be hailing Angelina Jolie as the perfect choice to play the queen , but some folks are n’t so sure .
On African American blogs and message boards , people are speaking out against the casting of Jolie in a role they believe should go to an actress of color .
Essence.com recently featured a commentary titled , “ Another White Actress to Play Cleopatra ? ” where the writer opined , “ Honestly , I do n't care how full Angelina Jolie 's lips are , how many African children she adopts , or how bronzed her skin will become for the film , I firmly believe this role should have gone to a Black woman . ”
Clutchmagonline.com points out that the Egyptian royal has already been portrayed by three actresses who were not of color : actress Claudette Colbert in 1934 , actress Vivien Leigh in 1945 and the most famous Cleopatra to date , Elizabeth Taylor in 1963 .
Stacy Schiff , author of the forthcoming “ Cleopatra : A Life , ” reportedly endorsed Jolie to play the role according to USA Today .
“ I think [ Jolie ] be perfect for it and I can see a possible Oscar in her future , ” the writer said .
“ Physically , she ’s got the perfect look . ”
Talk is swirling that Jolie ’s real life love , Brad Pitt , could play Mark Anthony a la legendary lovers Liz Taylor and Richard Burton in the 1963 version of the film .
Do you think Jolie is the ideal Queen of the Nile ?
When Brent Poer moved into his quaint Los Feliz home a year ago , he knew the boxy green building at the corner of his cul - de-sac was a marijuana dispensary .
He figured coexisting with Hyperion Healing would be easy .
“ I honestly thought that potheads would be really cool and laid - back , ” said Poer , a 42 - year - old advertising executive .
Instead , he said , he wound up confronting strangers who blocked his driveway , left trash on the street , parked outside his neighbors ’ homes blasting music and smoking weed .
He ticks off a list of crimes — garages burglarized , car windows broken , thefts from homes — that neighbors blame on dispensary visitors .
You can count Poer among the legions of Los Angeles residents grateful that city officials have begun cracking down on dispensaries , contending that most violate the state law allowing the “ compassionate ” use of marijuana to treat medical ills .
“ Philosophically , I ’m fine with the law , ” said Poer .
“ If people are in pain , need help , I ’m not one to stand in their way .
But you look at the clientele [ at Hyperion ] , you do n’t see a lot of people limping their way in .
This is like legalized drug dealing ; a way to make money , not to help someone . ”
But there ’s a dark side to the crackdown that stands to make life even more difficult forPoer and his neighbors on Udell Court .
The city plans to shut down 400 marijuana outlets that opened in the last two years .
But Hyperion
Healing is n’t among them .
That means hundreds of customers with no place to go will be looking for new sources of medical relief .
-------------------------
I understand why Poer feels protective about his street , a steep , narrow stretch lined with bungalows that look like gingerbread houses , flanked by tidy gardens and towering trees .
I visited the street on Saturday .
Halfway up the block from Hyperion Avenue , the whir of traffic was drowned out by the songs of birds .
Down below , Hyperion Healing was doing brisk business , its black metal gates clanging open and shut , its red - and - blue neon sign flashing .
I watched for almost an hour as cars blocked side streets , double - parked and lined up for the two parking spaces in front of the shop .
There were several empty metered spaces where I parked , two short blocks away .
But it ’s an uphill walk ; I guess that ’s too much to expect of people on the way to get their medicine .
I say that , of course , tongue in cheek , in the same way that customers call themselves “ patients ” and marijuana shops call themselves “ collectives . ”
It ’s no longer about whether " medical marijuana ” is being used only by people who are in pain or ill .
Whatever Californians intended when they approved the law , the result has been virtually open access to pot and a flourishing underground economy that government has been shut out of .
Patients rate their shops at websites such as Yelp , and no one is talking about their health .
Hyperion customers like the samples — “ free gram to all new patients ” — the “ chill ” attitude , the video games and big - screen TV , the frequent - buyer program that rewards customers for every dollar spent , the high - quality strains such as AK - 47 and White Widow .
“ I get the compassionate thing , ” said Poer .
“ But when you see people park on your street , carrying McDonald ’s bags and an X - box 360 , walking down to the dispensary to hang out … that ’s a clubhouse , not a pharmacy . ”
-------------------------
Two days in , there are signs that the city ’s crackdown is working .
Three dispensaries in my neighborhood have shut their doors — including one a few blocks away from my daughters ’ high school .
On the five - mile drive from Hyperion to my downtown office on Monday , I passed three shuttered outlets with green crosses , including one across the street from Hyperion .
Some neighborhoods have felt under siege by the pot shops that sprouted on every block .
And some of them openly flouted the law , catering to underage customers and those without medical documents .
Many were magnets for crime and chaos .
But Los Angeles ’ problems were created by official inaction and made worse by politicians ’ clumsy , overblown response .
Shutting down 400 dispensaries will relieve the strain on some neighborhoods , but the pot smokers are n’t going to disappear .
New delivery services are popping up , pot farms are sprouting in foreclosed homes , street dealers are gearing up .
This weekend , medical marijuana evaluation centers were doing a brisk business , writing recommendations for new patients who worry that the crackdown will make it harder to buy weed .
Maybe it ’s time to stop the charade .
Legalizing marijuana — the Regulate , Control and Tax Cannabis Act , it ’s called — is on the ballot in California this fall , and almost half the state ’s voters say they support it .
If all those folks cruising around neighborhoods like Brent Poer ’s can put their bongs down and make it to the voting booth in November ’s general election , they might not only solve their parking problem , but help relieve our state ’s financial headache .
sandy.banks@latimes.com
A town meeting in Concord , Massachusetts recently voted in favour of banning bottled water from 1 January .
Here Huw Kingston from Bundanoon , Australia - the first town in the world to go bottled - water - free - offers encouragement .
Hello all Concord residents .
I write to you from Bundanoon , a small town in Australia , a couple of hours south of Sydney .
Some of you may know that last year we became the first town in the world to stop selling bottled water .
CONCORD'S DECISION
The town meeting in April voted to ban bottled water at the urging of 82 - year - old Jean Hill
Ms Hill began her campaign after a grandson told her about a vast area of plastic waste in the Pacific
Town officials say a ban would be hard to enforce , and want advice from the state 's attorney general
The bottled water industry has threatened to sue , if the ban is put into effect
We called our initiative Bundy On Tap .
We 're a bit smaller than Concord with a population of about 2,000 .
We 're a town situated on the edge of a huge national park and a town that depends upon tourism .
Last year I had the idea for the town to voluntarily give up the sale of bottled water .
We had a well - informed community , given that we'd been fighting a water extraction plant for some years ( a company wanted to truck 50 million litres a year from our aquifer to Sydney to stick in plastic bottles and then truck it around the country ) .
Free water
Almost 12 months ago , we held a community meeting to look at how we could do it .
It turned into the largest community meeting ever in our small town and resulted in a 355 to 1 vote in favour of getting rid of bottled water .
We did this by convincing the local stores that they 'd do better without bottled water .
That the sale of refillable bottles , the increased tourism and increased support ( by way of dollars across the counter ) from the local community would more than make up for any loss of revenue .
Our plan was to make public drinking water more available than ever before .
We did this by installing four beautiful refill stations and water fountains across the town , including one at our local primary school .
Also , many businesses installed chilled , filtered water units in their stores , cafes etc .
Bundanoon officially went bottled - water - free on 26 September last year , on a day of great celebration for all ages .
We ran bottled - water - free events such as our big Scottish festival , with 15,000 visitors .
Free water was on hand from " water bars " at the festival and from mobile backpacks dispensing chilled water to fill people 's bottles or from paper cups .
So easy .
Sending a message
What we did n't account for was the massive worldwide coverage our plan received .
Just about every major media outlet across the world covered the story .
I did over 200 interviews in two days and town was crawling with TV crews from across the world .
We had touched a nerve - a small community sending a message upwards .
A message about the environment and a message about people making the right choices for themselves .
Our state government followed by announcing the banning of bottled water that same day in all government premises .
We received hundreds of messages of support from across the world .
Dozens of communities and municipalities have asked advice on how to reduce their bottled water consumption .
Image caption Refillable bottles are a source of revenue for businesses
The bottled water industry was not very happy ( of course ) and has tried various initiatives to try to stop the bandwagon rolling on .
But the movement grows , and you , good people of Concord , are part of it .
To succeed you must maintain the drive .
( I 'm thinking Jean Hill will not waver . )
You must understand that the industry may try to unsettle you and you must , above all , focus on having good public water sources on the streets and in the parks .
With this , the argument that you are somehow forcing people to drink " sugary " drinks fails completely .
If you can look down the main street of Concord and see a water fountain or two then you are on the right track .
No ' ban '
Tourists will love it , locals will love it .
Have available refillable bottles in your stores and cafes .
In Bundanoon we did n't actually " ban " bottled water .
We have no legislation on it , no regulation .
It is voluntary .
In bigger towns such voluntary action becomes harder .
It 's harder to get every business on side .
But remember , by just having good public water sources , you will automatically reduce the amount of bottled water sold .
You will impact upon this most crazy and environmentally destructive of products - a product that is perhaps the ultimate manifestation of the consumer age .
Selling people what they already can have almost for free - in bottles produced from oil , 70 % of which are never recycled .
So next Tuesday , 6 July , we gather again in our community hall for an anniversary party to celebrate a huge year for our small town .
We will tell stories from around the world .
Of the Facebook Page in Belgium with 3,000 members supporting a plan to make " I Bundanoon " a verb .
Of school children in France learning of Bundanoon in their school books .
Of the last bottles of bottled water from Bundanoon turning up for sale on eBay .
We 'll raise a glass of beautiful Bundy on Tap to Jean Hill and all you Concord residents .
I 'm sure you 've got the bottle Concord .
Go for it .
Here is a selection of your comments :
I am turely inspired .
Personally I bundanoon from now on .
Paul , Dubai .
I teach primary science classes here and we cover water ( the water cycle , its uses , conservation , etc ) here as part of the curriculum .
Our tap water is not really potable ( it 's desalinated and often tastes foul - boiling makes no difference ) so we drink a lot of bottled water , even making coffee with it .
Given that it is often very hot here too , it 's essential that we do drink a lot of water .
Unfortunately , we can only buy drinking water in plastic bottles .
Even so , there are ways we could cut down on plastic usage - I use metal bottles or reuse plastic ones until they become useless ( making sure they are properly cleaned , of course ! )
So far , we have dealt with saving water in class , but never the issue of plastic bottles .
I shall introduce it as part of the unit next year .
Our kids already have recycling and environmental impact as part of their learning , and this is an obvious part of that .
It 's a shame we have no alternative source of drinking water but we can still cut down .
Paul Michaels , Corralejo , Fuerteventura , Spain
All I would want to know is this , .... does the municipal water system of Bundanoon add fluoride to its water ?
I hear Australia is one of the worst governments in the world to convince of the adverse health effects of fluoridation and one of the very few countries left in the world that continues this insidious practice .
So , if you add fluoride , you have not solved a problem even worse and more far ranging than the plastic bottle .
Nashville , TN ,
Germany introduced a mandatory deposit for all bottled water , carbonated beverages and beer in 2003 .
It was a disaster at first because the bottling companies resisted implementation and failed to put systems in place to take back the empties , but it has settled in now and means that almost all water bottles are refilled or recycled .
Paul Kachur , Oberheimbach , Germany
This is a brilliant example of power to the people as we used to regularly enjoy in America .
I was warned in Chemistry class years ago that water sold in plastic bottles made no sense : it 's yet more plastic trashing the environment , and who knows how much of those plastics leach into the water that goes down your throat ?
May Cocord , Mass .
be as sucessful as Bundanoon , and spread your movement everywhere .
Let 's take power back from the corporations !
Leslie Carter , Shepherdstown , WV , USA
I sincerely hope they do n't do it in Europe , especially in France and the UK .
I am also against water in plastic bottles that just go to land fill .
In Germany , most of the bottled water is in glass bottles and there is a deposit on them .
Even the plastic bottles have a deposit on them and they get shredded .
Roger Pring , Miesbach , Germany
What a GREAT initiative .
Congratulations to the residents of Bundanoon and good luck to those in Concord .
I am a tap water drinker - I always keep full bottles of tap water in fridge and fill up smaller drinking bottles from them when I go out .
The marketing of bottled water companies has certainly been hugely successful in persuading people it is the only water to drink but what a huge negative impact it has had on our environment - for generations to come .
When will concern for our world take precedence over company profits ?
Yes , that was rhetorical as I know it will never happen !
But we as individuals can all do our part in trying to overturn that trend .
I hope this article is an inspiration for other towns to follow the examples of Bundanoon and Concord .
Jan , Margate UK
I live in South Africa where we as a nation have some of the best drinking water in the world ( I think the statistic is 1 of 10 countries where you are able do this - drink out the tap which is safe ) and yet some still buy and drink bottled water - its a fad and unnecessary !
I so wish this campaign would take off here in SA it woudl alsomake for a great deal less plastic litter ( of which we have too muchhere in Africa ) .
There is no need to drink bottled water .
Well done on a great initiative .
Diane Bouchier , Johannesburg South Africa
This is the daftest idea I have ever heard , and I live in a Democrat - controlled state .
Gordon Hoffman , Baltimore USA
Research as shown that many bottled waters have more contaminants than water from the tap .
Some companies even fill from their local taps and others add caffeine , acetaminophen and / or minerals for taste enhancement , energy or imply their water makes you feel better .
I am allergic to acetaminophen and have stopped drinking bottled water as I do not want to read the label every time I would get a bottle .
Some states have put a deposit tax on the bottles to insure recycling .
At home we use a Pur filter at the tap and the water is great .
The price is great & I do n't have to worry with the landfill issues .
This is a do - able plan and we can go a little " greener " by this simple move .
Sandra Dillon , West Hamlin , WV USA
I have to laugh at the demonisation of bottled water .
Why do soft drinks manufacturers not get the same attention , as these bottled drinks are not only worse for the environment ( as producing those drinks requires more energy than simply water ) , but also worse for one 's health .
Sure , one can't get , say , those drinks from a tap at home , but soft drinks are just as easily replaceable with tap water as bottled water !?
Seanan , Rugby , Warwickshire
Nice if you have drinkable water from your tap .
Here in DC the water is undrinkable and showering is an unpleasant chore , followed by bottles of skin hydrants .
Good luck to those who still have drinkable water
Gembook , Washington , DC
Hats off to the citizens of Bundanoon !
Water in plastic bottles is a an amazing smack in the face to the ideals of the three ' R's .
How is it possible for people to be so dumb as to believe that the water in plastic bottles is better than the water in most municipalities water systems ?
Do they know that plastic bottles have chemicals which can leach into the water especially when the water warms up ?
Do they understand the real damage done to the environment ?
These modern conveniences are something we can definitely live without .
The governments have given way to pressure over smoking and created bans in public places , so why the heck can't they ban these nuisance and potentially dangerous bottles ?
Sandy , Ontario , Canada
If bottled water is the ultimate manifestation of the consumer age , then this wonderful letter of support from Bundanoon to Concord must be the ultimate manifestation of the information age .
Congratulations to Bundanoon and best of luck to Concord !
We all need water ... just not sold to us one bottle at a time .
Bill Coffin , Oakhurst , NJ
When I travel I get ill if I drink local water , and I know many other people who have the same problem .
If I can not buy bottled water in a town I have no choice but to avoid it .
Chris , Chelmsford
Good luck Concord and congratulations Bundanoon !
Disposable plastic water bottles are nonsensical luxury .
People erroneously believe the water in those bottles is cleaner , more healthy that the municipal water supply , when often times those bottles are filled from municipal water supplies !
So what does bottled water represent ?
A clever marketing campaign to get people to pay $ 1.50 ( US dollars ) for a product available for $ 0.01 fro the household tap .
As an outdoorsman and fisherman , I 'm appalled by the number of water and carbonated beverage bottle that I see washed into our local streams , lake , rivers and bays .
Good luck Concord , and I hope your good example is embraced by more US cities !
Mike , Baltimore , Maryland USA
I 'm not sure an outright ban is necessarily the way to go .
As in many other situations , moderation and flexibility can yield better results .
Why not utilize market forces and impose taxes to raise the price and achieve a reduction while still allowing individuals to make their own choices ?
I 've dramatically reduced my consumption of bottled beverages ( not just water ) over the past three years , primarily for reasons of economy .
I have a filter in my refrigerator , a glass on my desk at work , and a teapot on my counter .
I also have a couple of cases of bottled water in my pantry in case of emergency .
While I recognize that I can store my own water in the case of a forecasted storm or other emergency which may interrupt the local water supply , there have been situations in the U.S. in which water was abruptly shut off to a large region without notice .
I prefer to have water on hand , and , perhaps foolishly , I trust the commercial companies to seal water so that there wo n't be bacterial contamination far more than I trust myself .
If bottled water were banned , I could not as readily keep the recommended 72 - hour emergency supply on hand .
Mary , Richmond VA USA
I ONLY WISH THIS SMALL START CAN SUCCEED BUT IN DEVELOPING COUNTRIES YOU ARE REALLY UP AGAINST IT .
In India alone with relatvely poor water quality the growth of PET bottles polyester resin bottles is at 30 % and well over 800,000 tonnes of PET resin goes into making these bottles every year .
For water , for Soda etc etc .
However it is not all bad news as currently in India 300,000 tonnes of empty bottles are then recycled into PCPET flake ie post consumer polyester flake that then is re-extruded into polyester fibre for a variety of applications which can include spinning yarn and the non woven industries .
In Europe the recycling Industry also recycles the bottles but I believe this industry is heavily subsidised
Paul George , Cambrai France
Superb letter .
There is a great deal of " urban myth " about bottled water - several months after the Chernobyl incident I was waiting in the queue behind a woman in a supermarket here in Greece who was buying a large number of six - packs of bottled water and the cashier commented on the quantity of bottles .
The woman buying the water said that she was buying it in such large quantities because she did n't want to drink radioactive tap water ...
I felt like asking her if she thought the bottled water she was buying had been shipped in from Jupiter .
Tap water throughout the vast majority of Europe is perfectly drinkable , and what 's more the differing taste of tap waters in different parts of Europe ( due to varying mineral content ) adds to its attraction .
Bryan Hollamby , Kilkis , Northern Greece
Did you know that Coca - Cola considers water it 's greatest competitor ?
I wonder how this could back - fire and cause people to buy more carbonated sweet drinks - if only for the convenience factor of having a light disposable container to quench one 's thirst whenever needed .
Jonathan Bourget , Geneva , Switzerland
It 's a very important news .
I live near Umbria and we have a good water .
But people still buy bottle water that comes from countries thousands of miles away .
You think how much energy waste and pollution as .
People need to learn to drink tap water .
Sergio , Fabriano Ancona Italia
YEA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I want to Bundanoon in NEW YORK CITY !!!!!
and what absolutely beautiful water fountains you have - even in Central Park there are n't enough water fountains - imagine if we had little spigots on new york street corners to refill bottles - or if businesses put them outside their shops - jeeminy !
( this should be subsidized by some gov't agency . ) thanks bundanoon ( & concord ) and the great media coverage !!!!
i'm sending this article on and on and on :]
alexa penzner , new york , NY , U.S.A .
visit original for hyperlinks and audio clips - loose nuke
source : rawstory.com/rs/2010/0606/idf-admits-doctoring-audio-gaza-flotilla/
IDF admits doctoring audio of raid on Gaza flotilla By Daniel Tencer
Sunday , June 6th , 2010 -- 3:08 pm
The Israeli Defense Force has issued a " clarification " admitting it manipulated audio of its raid on a Gaza - bound aid flotilla .
On Friday , the IDF released audio of what it said was an exchange between Israel Navy officers and the crew of the Mavi Marmara , the main vessel in the flotilla .
In it , voices could be heard telling the Israeli soldiers to " go back to Auschwitz " and " we 're helping Arabs go against the US -- do n't forget 9/11 , guys . "
But flotilla passengers quickly began disputing the veracity of the audio clip .
Investigative journalist Max Blumenthal reports that the head of the Free Gaza movement , Huwaida Arraf , could be heard on the videotape asserting the flotilla 's right to enter Gaza territory .
But Arraf says she was n't on board the Mavi Marmara , and was actually on board another ship , the Challenger One .
Another flotilla member whose voice can be heard on the audio , Ali Abunimah , also said he was n't aboard the Mavi Marmara .
According to a news report from the Palestinian news agency Ma'an , Arraf suggests the audio of her that appeared in the clip came from an earlier exchange between her and Israeli forces , but she admits she " could not be sure " she did n't repeat her assertion during exchanges with the IDF during the raid .
On Saturday , the IDF 's public blog issued a " correction " explaining that the tape had been edited " so as to make it easier for people to listen to the exchange . "
The IDF stated :
There have been questions regarding the authenticity of the recording as well as its attribution to a communication with the Mavi Marmara .
So to clarify : the audio was edited down to cut out periods of silence over the radio as well as incomprehensible comments so as to make it easier for people to listen to the exchange .
We have now uploaded the entire segment of 5 minutes and 58 seconds in which the exchange took place and the comments were made .
This transmission had originally cited the Mavi Marmara ship as being the source of these remarks , however , due to an open channel , the specific ship or ships in the “ Freedom Flotilla ” responding to the Israeli Navy could not be identified .
The IDF 's latest version of the audio is actually the third version the military organization has released .
Its first audio version of the incident , a one - minute clip released the day of the raid , did not include any of the controversial comments -- no voices can be heard saying " Go back to Auschwitz " or " remember 9/11 . "
Critics of Israel have suggested the audio clip -- and the IDF 's admission it was edited -- shows the Israeli military is involved in a propaganda campaign to discredit the flotilla as a humanitarian effort .
And Blumenthal notes that the IDF audio has already made its way into US media as fact .
" Hours after the IDF ’s admission , major news outlets which reported on the doctored audio clip as though it was a shocking revelation and not a scandalous forgery have still not corrected themselves , " Blumenthal writes .
Some of Israel 's other efforts to sway public opinion its way have resulted in embarrassment .
Government spokesmen on Saturday apologized for distributing a video that mocked the flotilla members , nine of whom died when Israeli commandos raided the flotilla on Monday .
The video , a satire on " We are the World , " shows a group of singers declaring , " There 's no people dying / So the best that we can do / Is create the greatest bluff of all / We must go on pretending day by day that in Gaza / There 's crisis hunger and plague . "
Following a storm of protests from critics pointing out that the UN has declared that Gaza is in the midst of a humanitarian crisis , the Israeli Government Press Office declared , " Due to a misunderstanding on our part , earlier ( Friday ) we inadvertently issued a video link that had been sent for our perusal .
...
It was not intended for general release .
The contents of the video in no way represent the official policy of either the Government Press Office or of the State of Israel . "
HONG KONG ( Reuters ) - Labor unrest that began among foreign firms in south China ’s Pearl Delta area is showing signs of spreading to poorer interior regions , as a new generation of workers seek a bigger portion of the nation ’s growing wealth .
The burst of reported strikes is a worry for China ’s ruling Communist Party , which has long discouraged independent worker action and punished protesters .
While Beijing has made vows of better incomes for workers and farmers a cornerstone of policy , local officials are often focused on attracting investors with cheap , trouble - free labor to fuel China ’s export boom .
Following recent high - profile disputes at Honda Motor and iPhone maker Foxconn International , strikes were reported at a Taiwanese - owned sports goods supplier in Jiangxi province , and at Japanese sewing machine maker Brother Industries in Xian -- both some distance from China ’s wealthier regions near Hong Kong and Shanghai .
“ All it takes now is a single spark and news will spread all over China , which could lead to similar industrial action in other factories , ” said Paul Tang , chief economist at Bank of East Asia in Hong Kong .
FOREIGN FOCUS
Reports of the poor working conditions first began to surface last month when Chinese and later foreign media began detailing a string of suicides at a massive south China compound run by Foxconn , a unit of Taiwan electronics giant Hon Hai .
Subsequent outbreaks of labor unrest have not been as widely reported in local media , possibly reflecting official reluctance to spread word of the disputes .
All of the problems reported so far has occurred at foreign - run factories , and Hon Hai has said it is looking for other locations to shift some of its production .
Workers stand by a fence during a strike at a Honda Motor vehicle manufacturing plant in Zhongshan , Guangdong province , June 10 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Tyrone Siu
However , a senior trade official said China ’s rising labor costs would not deter foreign investors because policies to boost domestic consumption provide a new reason for them to seek profits .
Most disputes center on workers resentful of large income gaps , higher living costs and long hours with little rest , and employers trying to rein in rising costs as labor pools shrink .
Resolution of the disputes has resulted in sizable pay increases , including a 66 percent raise for Foxconn workers and 20 percent or more for workers in the first Honda strike .
The unrest also reflects the rise of a new generation of young Chinese who grew up in the country ’s market - oriented era , with little memory of a tumultuous socialist past that included a crackdown that left hundreds dead during the Tiananmen demonstrations of 1989 .
In the latest incidents , about 900 workers demanding better pay and work conditions at two plants in the interior city of Xian brought production to a halt at a complex operated by Japan ’s Brother .
The company said it restarted production on Thursday , but was still in talks on pay and conditions .
Elsewhere , 8,000 workers for Smartball Inc , a Taiwanese - owned supplier for Adidas , also went on strike , according to China Labor Watch , a labor advocacy group .
A representative of the Taiwan business association in Jiujiang , where Smartball is located , said production resumed at the factory on Thursday , after a dispute that began between workers and guards unrelated to wages .
Workers at a Shanghai - based unit of Taiwan LCD maker Chimei Innolux briefly went on strike to demand more benefits , but the dispute was settled and work resumed , said a person who answered the phone at the factory but declined to give his name .
On Wednesday , Taiwan media reported 2,000 workers at a Taiwanese - owned machinery firm near Shanghai had also gone on strike on Tuesday .
Labor issues have been on the rise in China in recent years , with 875,000 cases dealt with by official arbitration panels last year , up from 500,000 cases in 2007 , according to China ’s Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security .
Over that time , collective disputes rose to 14,000 from 13,000 .
HONDA HIT
Honda has been one of the hardest hit in recent weeks , with a domino - style string of strikes at its China - based suppliers .
The company settled a dispute at a transmission factory late last week in the city of Foshan , only to see workers at a nearby exhaust factory go on strike on Monday and a separate action by workers in a lock - making factory in Zhongshan later in the week .
The work stoppages have rippled up the supply chain , forcing Honda to halt some or all of its China car production for much of the last two weeks , though Honda said it would resume normal production on Friday .
Workers at the various plants have complained of long hours , including forced overtime , for pay that often totals 1,000 - 2,000 yuan ( $ 146 -$ 292 ) per month .
“ For a long time workers ’ wages and conditions have been held down , below what even government regulations mandate and also below the country ’s general level of economic development , ” said Duan Yi , a labor lawyer in Shenzhen who has advised workers in disputes .
“ Migrant workers have also become more conscious of their power .
Many of these companies operate with very thin supply chains , and if one factory stops the whole chain can seize up . ”
( Additional reporting by Kelvin Soh , James Pomfret and Alison Leung in HONG KONG , Chris Buckley in BEIJING , Lin Miao - jung in TAIPEI and Chang - Ran Kim in TOKYO ; Editing by Lincoln Feast )
( source : TM - 1970 , Russia )
( " Galactic Manoeuvre " , by Nikolai Nedbailo )
( source : TM - 1953 , Russia )
( source : TM - 1956 , Russia )
( image credit : retro-futurismus.de )
( TM cover , Russia , 1950 )
( images credit : Klaus Burgle )
( image via Plan59 )
( art by Noel Sickles for the " Rocket to the Moon " , 1949 )
" To Other Worlds ! " , Detgiz , Russia , 1939
( image via Plan59 )
( image credit : Klaus Burgle )
( TM cover , Russia 1953 )
( source : TM , Russia )
( image via Plan59 )
( image credit : Erik Theodor Lässig , Germany )
( source : TM , Russia )
( original unknown )
( images credit : Kurt Röschl , right - art by Ed Emshwiller )
( TM cover , Russia 1966 ; right - art by Andrey Sokolov )
( image via Plan59 )
( Perry Rhodan , Jan. 1962 )
( source : TM , Russia 1966 )
( TM cover , Russia 1954 )
( images via woodmal )
( image credit : o- vladimir )
( image credit : Klaus Burgle )
( art by Andrey Sokolov )
( art by Nikolai Nedbailo )
( " First Contact " , by Nikolai Nedbailo )
( source : TM , Russia 1970 )
( source : TM , Russia 1955 )
( source : TM , Russia 1973 )
( art by Andrey Sokolov )
46 Cool Vintage Ads
jbcurio
Photo by jbcurio
Photo by jbcurio
Photo by jbcurio
Photo by jbcurio
Photo by jbcurio
Photo by Nevada Tumbleweed
Photo by jbcurio
Photo by jbcurio
Photo by jbcurio
Photo by jbcurio
Photo by jbcurio
Photo by jbcurio
Photo by jbcurio
Photo by jbcurio
Photo by jbcurio
Photo by jbcurio
Photo by jbcurio
Photo by jbcurio
Photo by jbcurio
Photo by jbcurio
Photo by dklimke
Photo by DominusVobiscum
Photo by jbcurio
Photo by jbcurio
Photo by jbcurio
Photo by Nevada Tumbleweed
Photo by Nevada Tumbleweed
Photo by jbcurio
Photo by jbcurio
Photo by jbcurio
Photo by Nevada Tumbleweed
Photo by jbcurio
Photo by Nevada Tumbleweed
Photo by jbcurio
Photo by jbcurio
Photo by Nevada Tumbleweed
Photo by jbcurio
Photo by jbcurio
Photo by Thomas Duchnicki :: Location Scout
Photo by jbcurio
Photo by jbcurio
Photo by jbcurio
Photo by jbcurio
Photo by jbcurio
Photo by Zen Cupcake
Photo by
Soviet and Eastern Bloc " popular tech & science " magazines , German , Italian , British fantastic illustrations and promotional literature - all from the Golden Age of Rare & Beautiful Vintage Retro - Future ( from 1930s to 1970s ) .
Retro-futuristic art , in a way , can be called a double - fantasy : imaginary future wrapped in imaginary past .
Which makes this style doubly interesting , if not doubly obsolete ...
In this part we will showcase rarely seen art , done in 1930s to 1970s , mostly from " Teknika Molodezhi " ( TM ) , " Yuny Tekhnik " , " DetGiz " ( Russia ) and German retro-future sites .
Earth 's Orbit : Bigger Moon base : Battling off the Communist astronaut invasion !
Interesting Planetary Vehicle : very strange flip - flop caterpillar style of moving - To Saturn and Beyond : Screens from the Russian science fiction movie " Planeta Bur " ( The Planet of Storms ) - 1959 : This is a collage made from various promotional art from this movie , created by Vladimir : by Gennady Golobokov , 1973 - Photon Starships in Deep Space :
Israeli factories based in settlements on the West Bank have been forced to cut back production as a growing Palestinian boycott movement begins to take effect .
The boycott , endorsed by the Palestinian president , Mahmoud Abbas , was given further momentum this week when a campaign to clear supermarket shelves of produce originating in settlements was rolled out in Ramallah .
" The objective is to ensure the Palestinian market is free of Israeli settlement produce by the end of this year , " the Palestinian prime minister , Salam Fayyad , said at the launch of the Store to Store campaign at the Alameen supermarket .
A team of volunteers will inspect 66,000 stores across the West Bank in the coming weeks , awarding certificates and window stickers to those free of settlement produce .
After a period of grace , shopkeepers retaining such produce in their stores could be liable to a fine of more than £ 9,000 or up to five years in prison under a law already passed but not yet enforced by the Palestinian legislative council .
" This is the daily expression of rejection of the occupation , " Fayyad said .
" It will help ensure that the Palestinian economy is self - sufficient .
There will not be a store in Palestine which cannot carry our stickers . "
The pro-boycott campaigners are careful to draw a distinction between produce from West Bank settlements , which are illegal under international law , and produce originating from within Israel .
The latter will continue to be sold in Palestinian shops .
The campaign has been attacked by Israeli politicians , businesses and commentators .
" The Palestinians are opposing economic peace and are taking steps that in the end hurt themselves , " the Israeli prime minister , Binyamin Netanyahu , said last month .
The West Bank market is worth around $ 200 m ( £ 133 m ) a year to Israeli businesses .
But some settlement factories sell about 30 % of their output to the Palestinian market , and the boycott is already having an impact on them .
Seventeen factories in Mishor Adumim , a large industrial estate between East Jerusalem and Jericho , have reportedly closed since the boycott campaign began .
Some settlement factories are reported to be considering moving back into Israel .
Others in the Barkan industrial zone , near the settlement of Ariel , have reduced production , according to David Ha'ivri of the Shomron regional council , a pro-settler organisation in the northern West Bank .
" Many of the factories are seeking alternative markets , " he said .
A factory producing aluminium window frames , which used to sell 30 % of its output to the Palestinian market , had cut the hours of its 160 employees rather than lay people off , he said .
More than half the 5,000 - 6,000 employees in the Barkan zone are Palestinian , employed under Israeli labour legislation and entitled to the Israeli minimum wage of around $ 1,000 a month – considerably more than the average wage in the West Bank economy .
" [ The boycott ] is an unwise act by the Palestinian Authority , " said Ha'ivri .
" The damage caused will be felt by both sides .
They 're cutting off the branch they 're sitting on . "
The Palestinian Authority has established a $ 50 m fund to provide alternative employment and grants in an effort to both discourage Palestinians from working in the settlements and foster the West Bank economy .
According to the Manufacturers Association of Israel , some 22,000 Palestinians are employed by settlement businesses – in construction , agriculture , manufacturing and service industries .
It is holding an extraordinary meeting this week to ascertain the impact of the boycott and consider what action to take .
Dan Catarivas of the association said firms were more concerned about the withdrawal of Palestinian labour than the boycott of goods , although the impact was uneven .
" These Israeli firms will have to find new workers – either Israelis or foreigners .
But at the end of the day the Israeli companies will find other options , and the Palestinian workers will be left without jobs . "
He said the Israeli government had offered incentives to firms to establish factories in the West Bank , and it was possible that some of them may now seek compensation for their losses .
The Palestinian Authority said it was pleased with the level of support for the boycott , put in a recent survey at around 85 % .
Fayyad said it was " empowering the people " to resist the Israeli occupation without resorting to violence .
" People feel national pride that they can participate in this campaign , " a spokesman said .
The boycott is part of a wider attempt to foster non-violent resistance against Israel 's occupation , including largely peaceful demonstrations against the separation barrier .
Internationally , the boycott is gaining momentum .
European Union guidelines urge supermarkets to clearly mark the origin of produce on labels to allow consumers to distinguish between Palestinian , Israeli and settlement produce .
The Alameen supermarket owner , Erekat Ribhi Shukar , insisted Palestinian produce was competitive in terms of quality and price with settlement goods .
" We should support Palestinian producers to help our economy , " he said beneath a sign declaring " My conscience is clear – my store is clean of settlement produce " .
At the rear of the store , two young women shoppers examining a chiller cabinet containing Palestinian and Israeli dairy products but no settlement goods said they backed the campaign .
" We want products that benefit our economy , not harm it , " said one .
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Tuesday , June 29 , 2010
A new documentary set to hit the big screen this summer lifts the lid on the cover - up behind the death of Pat Tillman , the pro-football star who gave up a lucrative career to fight in Afghanistan and Iraq before preparing to return to the U.S. as an anti-war icon , at which point he was killed in a so - called friendly fire incident that more closely resembled a deliberate assassination .
Whether or not the documentary delves into the question of whether Tillman ’s death was a targeted act of murder remains to be seen , but the evidence strongly indicates that Tillman was deliberately assassinated in order to prevent him from becoming an anti-war icon and derailing public support in the United States for the ongoing occupations of Iraq and Afghanistan .
Tillman sacrificed the good life and a multi-million dollar football career in the belief that he was defending his country from outside enemies , and soon after 9/11 turned down a contract offer of $ 3.6 million over three years from the Cardinals to enlist in the U.S. Army .
It was during Tillman ’s second deployment to Afghanistan , after previously serving in Iraq , that he was killed by what the U.S. military initially claimed was a Taliban ambush .
It later emerged that the ambush story had been concocted by the Pentagon in an attempt to exploit Tillman ’s death for pro-war propaganda .
Subsequent investigations claimed that Tillman was killed as a result of a friendly fire accident .
However , in July 2007 , the results of an Army medical report found that Tillman had been shot three times in the head with an M16 from a mere 10 yards away , clearly suggesting that the incident was a targeted assassination .
“ Army medical examiners were suspicious about the close proximity of the three bullet holes in Pat Tillman ’s forehead and tried without success to get authorities to investigate whether the former NFL player ’s death amounted to a crime , ” reported the Associated Press .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
“ The medical evidence did not match up with the , with the scenario as described , ” a doctor who examined Tillman ’s body after he was killed on the battlefield in Afghanistan in 2004 told investigators .
“ The doctors – whose names were blacked out – said that the bullet holes were so close together that it appeared the Army Ranger was cut down by an M - 16 fired from a mere 10 yards or so away . ”
The report also states that “ No evidence at all of enemy fire was found at the scene – no one was hit by enemy fire , nor was any government equipment struck . ”
The article also reveals that “ Army attorneys sent each other congratulatory e-mails for keeping criminal investigators at bay as the Army conducted an internal friendly - fire investigation that resulted in administrative , or non-criminal , punishments . ”
The doctor who autopsied Tillman ’s body tried to pursue an investigation into the question of whether Tillman was murdered but was prevented from doing so by higher - ups at the Army ’s Criminal Investigation Division .
The motive for the murder would undoubtedly have been Tillman ’s plans to return to the U.S. and a vocal critic of the Afghanistan and Iraq invasions .
The evidence points directly to it and the motivation is clear – Tillman abandoned a lucrative career in pro-football immediately after 9/11 because he felt a rampaging patriotic urge to defend his country , and became a poster child for the war on terror as a result .
But when he discovered that the invasion of Iraq was based on a mountain of lies and deceit and had nothing to do with defending America , he became infuriated and was ready to return home to become an anti-war hero .
In September 2005 , the San Francisco Chronicle reported that a friend of Tillman had set up a meeting with author and prominent war critic Noam Chomsky , which was scheduled to take place after Tillman ’s return from Afghanistan .
Chomsky confirmed that the meeting was arranged .
As far back as March 2003 , immediately after the invasion of Iraq , Tillman famously told his comrade Spc. Russell Baer , “ You know , this war is so fucking illegal , ” and urged his entire platoon to vote against Bush in the 2004 election .
During a July 2007 appearance on Keith Olbermann ’s MSNBC show , four star General Wesley Clark stated that “ the orders came from the very top ” to cover - up the nature of Tillman ’s death as he was a political symbol and his opposition to the war in Iraq would have rallied the population around supporting immediate withdrawal .
Watch the trailer for The Tillman Story , which is due for cinema release in August .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : Bremerton
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
This posting is about " MR. DUCKY . "
When he was a chick , he was my favorite out of the entire flock .
He was one of the few ducks that would gently nibble on my finger .
He would always let me pet him and feed him spinach .
Now he has become a horrible monster of a duck .
His nibble has turned into a skin- tearing instrument , his feet have turned into painful , skin- piercing talons .
Anything moving in the yard that is non-duck , he attacks .
He attacks raccoons .
He attacks dogs .
He attacks cats .
Now he even attacks full grown humans , galloping around the yard with clipped wings like some sort of maniac .
Sandals are out of the picture now , unless I want scabs on my feet .
This was semi-tolerable for a while , but now he can inflict a fair amount of pain on my calf through my work jeans , and I can't get anything done in my back yard .
So this is my ad .
If you want a duck that will scare / maim / fight any animal that might be threatening your flock , MR .
DUCKY is the craziest damn duck I have ever seen in my entire life .
He is only friendly with ducks .
I do n't know about chickens , but he charges crows or other birds that land in the yard .
He is a great guard duck .
I have a newborn son that I want to have ten fingers growing up .
$ 40 OBO , MR.DUCKY .
Upon pickup , feel free to observe his behavior .
He is one - of - a - kind .
Call : 253 - [ deleted ]
I live in Bremerton , will deliver .
Veränderungen im Gehirn Komasaufen hat langfristige Folgen
Trinken bis zum Umfallen schadet dem jungen Gehirn .
Das haben Forscher bei einer Studie mit Affen herausgefunden .
In der Hirnregion Hippocampus entdeckten sie gleich mehrere Veränderungen .
About this Show :
Your daily destination for political news .
Join John each night as he pulls back the curtain on Washington , cuts through the partisan noise , and gets to the bottom of stories that affect you .
John King , USA aired weekdays at 6 pm ET .
The final show aired June 29 , 2012 .
Any questions for John ?
Tweet them to @JohnKingCNN and he 'll answer them Tuesday 's at noon ET on CNN.com / LIVE
Subscribe | About John King
Wow !
What an amazing and perfect gift !
I am a playwright by trade and my awesome secret redditor sent me a box full of really terrific plays for my library !
They did n't leave their username or real name , but thank you , THANK YOU !
I hope you have someone send you something equally awesome !
The first play is Shel 's Shorts by Shel Silverstein !
( Sorry this photo is fuzzy )
ps I saw that you had to correct my ZIP code !
Sorry !
My addled brain put my old ZIP - force of habit !
JUNE 25 UPDATE : Another amazing of box plays arrived today !
I 've added new pictures .
JULY 9 UPDATE : Just came back from a two week vacation to find an AWESOME surprise - my gifter has now sent along an Arbitrary Day poster !
Thanks so much !
+ 6
Houses • Ibaraki-shi , Japan Architects : Matsunami Mitsutomo
Year Completion year of this architecture project Year : 2007
Text description provided by the architects .
This is a mass - produced type ready - built house often developed on a large scale , and as such , has the advantage of producing entire housing of rows .
In many cases , as the appearance is coordinated at the designation of the owner , rows of houses that do not necessity match esthetically are created .
In order to overcome this 4 units are created together at Hozumidai to appear as one building by design , carrying out a strong message to the town .
Price competitiveness was maintained by cost effective production of the facade design .
Interesting concept , good execution , slightly flawed controls .
I have much trouble flanking enemies as my troops will engage and stop moving to the flanking position .
I much prefer stop movements and defend rather than walking through enemies and dying .
What I 'd like is troops to continue moving as they fight .
Also when being directed to follow a path , if the cursor goes off screen and then back on , they will still attempt to move past the borders of the map and start pathing effectively after a while to the place where it comes back on screen .
John Wutsell Jr. , a fisherman who was hospitalized after becoming ill while cleaning up oil in the Gulf , has filed a temporary restraining order in federal court against BP .
Apparently , Wutsell missed the update issued by BP CEO Tony Hayward that he was n’t made sick by oil fumes , or exposure to Corexit , but by food poisoning .
Wutsell ( who experienced severe headaches , nosebleeds , and stomach pains ) humbly disagrees , and he wants BP to give the clean - up workers masks , and — get this insane demand — not harass workers who publicly voice their health concerns .
On Friday , Wutstell was airlifted to West Jefferson Medical Center in Marrero , Louisiana , where he remained hospitalized Sunday . …
“ At West Jefferson , there were tents set up outside the hospital , where I was stripped of my clothing , washed with water and several showers , before I was allowed into the hospital , ” Wutstell sais .
“ When I asked for my clothing , I was told that BP had confiscated all of my clothing and it would not be returned . ”
Hm , now why would BP want to confiscate all of Wutsell ’s clothing ?
One possibility is that they want to destroy any evidence that they ’ve been exposing workers to unsafe conditions so as to avoid future criminal liability charges .
This is the same warped logic behind BP refusing to allow fishermen to wear respirators that I reported last week .
Wutsell ’s restraining order also demands that BP stop using Corexit , the toxic dispersant , which has been banned in the UK .
The safety data information sheet from the manufacturer states that people should “ avoid breathing in vapor ” from Corexit , and that masks should be work when Corexit is present in certain concentrations in the air .
BP has not supplied workers with masks when they work near the oil and dispersants .
BP does n’t want to give these workers masks because doing so would be an acknowledgement that the company is exposing them to harmful chemicals .
If workers later develops respiratory , nervous system , liver , kidney or blood disorders , symptoms that have been linked to Corexit exposure , it would be easier for them to sue BP for damages .
Stories have been coming in of workers reporting feeling “ drugged and disoriented . ”
Meanwhile , doctors at West Jefferson have said that the symptoms appear to be caused by “ a combination of some sort of chemical irritant and dehydration , and they have diagnosed one of the 11 oil - spill workers with “ chemical exposure . ”
Continue
We use cookies to collect and create statistics for the use of our pages .
See Privacy Policy
LAKELAND , Fla .
—When his budget for pencils , paper , and other essential supplies was cut by a third this school year , the principal of Combee Elementary School worried children would suffer .
Then , a local church stepped in and " adopted " the school .
The First Baptist Church at the Mall stocked a resource room with $ 5,000 worth of supplies .
It now caters spaghetti dinners at evening school events , buys sneakers for poor students , and sends in math and English tutors .
The ...
America has replaced China as the top source of corrupted servers being surreptitiously used by cybercriminals to dish out malicious programs , according to first - quarter findings from Kaspersky Lab .
This development underscores how easily anyone with an Internet connection and credit card can quickly and anonymously register a new domain using services such as Go Daddy .
Meanwhile , China has shown just how swift and effective policing measures can be .
The bottom line : the bad guys remain several steps ahead , in terms of effective tactics and refined automation .
“ The scripts and methods used to compromise legitimate servers have been getting better and better , ” says Kaspersky senior researcher Roel Schouwenberg .
“ Combine that with more effective BlackhatÃ‚Â SEO tactics and social engineering campaigns in Facebook and other social networks and there are just more opportunities for cybercriminals . ”
Kaspersky Lab reports that 28 % of 1.9 million servers it found distributing malware in the first three months of this year were located in the U.S.
That compares to China as the source of 33 % of 85.9 million malicious servers Kaspersky tracked down in the final quarter of 2009 .
Russia is currently the no. 2 source , accounting for 22.6 % of malicious servers , with China now no .
3 , with 12.8 % .
So in a matter of months , China has more than halved the source of malicious servers operating within its jurisdiction .
This is vividly shown by the shrinking green pie slice :
Chinese authorities recently have begun implementing more stringent procedures for registering Internet addresses , saysÃ‚Â Schouwenberg .
A written statement is now required and the requesting party must provide passport information and complete a lengthy application to a national agency , the CNNIC .
In the U.S. and Russia , it ’s still quick and anonymous to register new domains via services such as Go Daddy .
“ It would be interesting to see what will happen if regulations like the ones in China were to catch on in other countries , ” says Schouwenberg .
“ It shows that the entities in the U.S. are not doing a good job protecting their servers from compromise and that the U.S. is still are a good place to host malicious content . ”
Other Kaspersky first - quarter findings of note :
Over 327 million attempts were made to infect usersÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ computers around the world , an increase of 26.8 % over the previous quarter .
The total number of exploits targeting vulnerabilities in browsers and plug-ins , as well as PDF viewers increased by 21.3 % , with nearly half of them targeting vulnerabilities in Adobe programs .
Two families of malware targeting Adobe products — Exploit .
Win32 . Pdfka and Exploit .
Win32 .Pidief — account for 47.5 % of all detected exploits .
These exploits are PDF documents containing JavaScript scenarios that , without the userÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s knowledge or consent , download and launch other pieces of malware direct from the Internet .
“ The amount of cyber criminals is ever growing , ” says Schouwenberg .
“ Until we have effective laws which are enforced – by arrests Ã¢â‚¬â€ œ the number will continue to grow and cyber crime is profitable so there ’s no reason to assume otherwise . ”
By Byron Acohido
June 3rd , 2010 | Imminent threats | Top Stories
Note : I wrote this forever ago , before most of you knew this blog existed ( 7mo ago ) .
I ’m reposting now , because you guys might find it interesting / informative , especially now that it ’s come out that American Apparel is flirting with bankruptcy .
American Apparel is America ’s largest clothing manufacturer .
Did you know that ?
I just did , and it bothers me .
It all started out with this douchebag :
( The one on the left .
Who is , by the way , not American but Canadian . )
In some ways , American Apparel is a wonderful thing .
It does n’t use sweatshops and it ’s 100 % made in the USA , unlike most things .
But , something you did n’t know about them : According to an ICE audit , 25 % of American Apparel ’s workers are illegal immigrants .
The CEO ’s response to that information ?
People who were n’t illegals would be given “ priority ” in the future .
Priority ?
Really now .
So the fact that you still have tons of illegals working for you is because there were absolutely no citizens or legal residents who needed work .
( The remainder of this post mentions sex constantly , so sensitive eyes read no further )
And then there ’s the matter of their advertising .
Not content with merely using bony urbanites in tights , they started using porn stars to sell their tube socks .
But at least they were clothed .
Then they started using girls who wanted to become models that were willing to get all the way naked .
All the way .
To sell hoodies and zip up vests .
Seriously , there was pubic hair .
If you want the link for that you can find it yourself .
Interestingly enough , the only ads that got racier were those with girls in them .
Coincidentally , Mr CEO with the dog up there has a thing for sleeping with his employees , especially the aforementioned naked models .
And , when the recession started and American Apparel began losing some money , it came out that the CEO was spending company money on “ apartments and vibrators ” for those models .
Yeah , sex toys .
With company money .
He also liked to house his prostitutes selected employees in those special apartments , and gave them additional money .
Also , he would publicly get oral sex from retail employees , and ask other retail employees to watch .
He not only likes to sleep with his models , but also with his employees .
Even when they do n’t want to .
Hence a sexual harassment lawsuit being filed against him now .
Let ’s look at the transcript from a Dateline segment :
“ Josh Mankiewicz , Dateline correspondent :
You do workshops for employers telling them how to avoid sexual harassment cases .
Keith Fink , attorney for Mary Nelson : Quite often .
I ’m a pretty entertaining guy .
Mankiewicz :
And you give out a bunch of guidelines for people to sort of live by if they wanna stay out of a courtroom .
Fink : Absolutely .
Mankiewicz : How many of those guidelines were broken at American Apparel ?
Fink : Every single one of them . ”
He also enjoys masturbating in front of women , just like he did in front of the female reporter interviewing him for Jane ’s magazine .
Eight times .
To quote : “ ‘ Masturbation in front of women is underrated , ’ Dov explains to me later over the phone .
' It ’s much easier on the woman .
She gets to watch , it ’s a sensual experience that does n’t involve a man violating a woman , yet once the man has his release , it ’s over and you can talk to the guy . ’
Soon enough he loosens his Pierre Cardin belt .
' Are you going to do it again ? ’ I ask . "
In Ko ’s article , she asserts that she witnessed Charney jerk off more than eight times in one month . ”
Part of Dov Charney ( Mr CEO ) ’s “ relaxed work environment involves calling women cunts and sluts .
Also according to Mr Charney , it ’s not offensive at all because " He loves sluts . ”
And he ’s actually proud of this .
( She ’s wearing a skin - colored body suit . )
One of the women involved in the lawsuit says that she got the job because she allowed him to violate her , and promised to become his “ personal dirty whore ” if he gave her the job .
When you take into account that his hiring philosophy was :
“ It is imperative that the people who wear our clothes are really attractive , vain hipsters , and any priority they exhibit that runs counter to looking really awesome should be a warning sign that maybe they should not work here . ” it kinda makes sense .
( She ’s wearing tights . )
Once on a conference call he " instructed all his managers to keep a strict “ 10 % rule , ” whereby the ugliest / most “ WTO ” 10 % of all retail employees were constantly eased off the schedule . “
According to one of the women involved in the lawsuit : " He [ Dov Charney ] asked her to hire young women with whom he could have sex , Asians preferred . ”
It ’s one thing to advocate a sexually liberated work environment .
It ’s another to make that the foundation of your company .
And the sexual harassment extends beyond Mr. CEO .
A Businessweek article states : “ But BusinessWeek spoke with seven former workers who say they were offended by what they called a highly sexual atmosphere at American Apparel .
They told stories of senior managers who pursued sexual relationships with less senior colleagues and rewarded their favorites with promotions , company cars , and apartments ”
The scandal does n’t stop with sexable Asian women .
Mr CEO also hired a bona fide cocaine dealer to serve as a Human Resources manager in New York .
And said coke dealer specialized in hiring coke addict workers .
I ’ve never heard of a company before that actively looked for coke addicts .
Oh , and here ’s my favorite part .
Mr CEO said in an interview a while back that he likes to photograph models that look underage in sexually charged positions .
Wonderful .
All this is almost enough to make me wish this was true .
So , next time you consider buying a $ 50 plain green T Shirt , remember that you are n’t just paying for non-unionized factory workers and “ Made in America , ” but also for Dov Charney ’s continuing sexual exploitation of female employees and extreme chauvinism masked as sexual liberation .
Referred to by some as a dadaistic comedian , Andy Kaufman took comedy and performance art to the edges of irrationality and blurred the dividing line between reality and imagination .
Born in New York City on January 17 , 1949 , the first son of Stanley and Janice Kaufman , Andy grew up on New York in the town of Great Neck .
He began performing for ...
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
A day after several Israeli Arabs were indicted for allegedly forming an al - Qaida - inspired terror cell , the Knesset ’s Education Committee held a hearing over the “ infiltration of the Islamic Movement into schools and preschools ” in the Arab sector .
The committee called on the Education Ministry to strengthen and develop the official school system as an alternative to the other schools , which are sponsored by a number of movements including the Islamic Movement .
Orna Simchon , director of the Education Ministry ’s Northern District , said the worst cases of student indoctrination was occurring in preschools and elementary schools .
Simchon told committee members that approximately 500 recognized , nonofficial preschools operate in the northern district , of which at least 100 are operated by the Islamic Movement .
The ministry , she said , “ receives information from complaints and from inspectors regarding preschools and schools that do not operate in accordance with the goals of the Education Law , [ and then ] holds hearings with the principals of elementary schools and revokes licenses from the preschools .
” Simchon emphasized that some institutions continued to operate after their licenses were revoked , and that in those cases the police were involved in enforcing the ministry ’s decision .
MK Ruhama Avraham - Balila ( Kadima ) said that she had requested the hearing after becoming concerned that the Islamic Movement was operating schools that “ taught content that undermines the basis of the State of Israel .
” The Islamic Movement ’s Northern Branch is an increasingly separatist organization that has , for years , refused to take part in Israel ’s political system – a move that places it beyond the Arab nationalist party , Balad .
The organization has repeatedly been accused of providing financial support to Palestinian terror organizations , and its leader , Sheikh Raed Salah , has been detained numerous times by security forces – most recently for his participation in the Gaza flotilla .
Another of the MKs who initiated the hearing , MK Alex Miller ( Israel Beiteinu ) , called upon the Education Ministry to “ tighten up the oversight and enforcement ” of educational institutions .
Miller said that “ in my offices , many letters have piled up from parents begging for help because of the Islamic Movement ’s takeovers and claiming that their children are exposed to extremist content , suffer from lack of knowledge and eventually turn to crime and unemployment .
” Responses of Arab MKs to the issue were varied .
MK Masud Gnaim ( United Arab List - Ta’al ) denied there was any real concern within the Arab sector that the Islamic Movement was taking control of the school system .
“ In the Jewish educational system too there are various streams of schools that are affiliated with certain parties , ” he added .
In contrast , MK Jamal Zahalka ( Balad ) did not deny the increase of Islamic Movement - sponsored institutions , but complained that the hearing was “ worthless ” and came at the expense of hearings on more relevant topics such as the lack of preschools being built in the Arab sector .
“ The organizations that are active in the Arab communities act according to law , and all of the allegations that were voiced against them are baseless figments of the imagination of MKs who have nothing better to do than to incite against the Arab public , ” he said .
The Balad chairman added that it was absurd that “ the Education Ministry does not build or operate preschools in the Arab sector , and then complains when others do .
One cannot complain about organizations that meet all the criteria for operating preschools .
” Zahalka , a member of the Education Committee , complained that “ the problem is actually the exact opposite – the Arab schools do not expose the students to a wide variety of opinions and do not educate them to a culture of debate and a way to deal with different worldviews out of a fear of an inquisition led by Education Ministry bureaucrats . ”
CAIRO — After years of the government ’s promising to end Egypt ’s state of emergency , Parliament on Tuesday approved a government request to extend for two years its right to arrest people without charge , detain prisoners indefinitely , limit freedom of expression and assembly , and maintain a special security court .
In an unusual case of public outreach by Egypt ’s normally tight - lipped leaders , the government took pains to explain its decision and announced that the emergency law — in place continuously since President Anwar el - Sadat was assassinated in 1981 — would be used only in cases of terrorism and drug trafficking .
Officials also said that some provisions of the law would be dropped .
But the concept of terrorism is so broad in Egyptian law and the language in the new measure so malleable , that the government decision was immediately criticized by human rights groups , political activists and independent human rights monitors , who say they expect little to change in a nation that routinely uses the heavy hand of the police and prisons to silence political opposition .
“ Even the claim that emergency powers will now be limited to terrorism and drug trafficking cases only is false , ” said Hossam Bahgat , executive director of the Egyptian Initiative for Personal Rights .
“ More dangerously , the culture of exceptionalism stays , and with it the message that security agencies are still above the law . ”
Thousands of people have cheered outside the Guildhall in Londonderry as relatives of those killed on Bloody Sunday gave the Saville Report the thumbs up .
A spontaneous cheer broke out as the families of those killed waved the report through the Guildhall windows .
It happened as Prime Minister David Cameron spoke at Westminster .
Thirteen people died in 1972 when British soldiers opened fire on civil rights marchers in Londonderry .
Sinn Fein's Gerry Adams and Nobel Peace prize winner John Hume are present .
Inside Derry 's Guildhall , relatives and lawyers have been studying the report 's findings .
Outside , thousands have begun to retrace the steps of the original marchers from the Bloody Sunday memorial in the city 's Bogside close to the spot where many of the victims died .
On the way to Guildhall Square the marchers trampled on a recreation of the Widgery Report , symbolising the rejection of that 1972 report , regarded by nationalists as a whitewash .
As the first marchers reached the Guildhall , there was applause from the crowd gathered outside .
Analysis Thousands of marchers have arrived in Guildhall Square to cheers and claps from the crowd .
They are now taking their places in the square , where they will watch David Cameron speak from Westminster at 3.30 pm
Huge banners bearing the pictures of the victims - which were carried by the marchers from William Street - are being arranged around the square .
The square is now almost completely full , and still more people are trying to cram into the square .
This will be the sight that greets the family members when they emerge from the Guildhall after David Cameron 's speech - crowds of well - wishers and the faces of their loved ones , the victims of Bloody Sunday .
At 1500 BST as many as 5,000 people had gathered in the city square to await the publication of the report .
The report was delivered to the Guildhall in Derry at 0200 BST on Tuesday .
It cost £ 195 m and took 12 years to complete .
The shootings were among the most controversial state killings in the Northern Ireland conflict .
The marchers were shot dead on 30 January 1972 when British paratroopers opened fire on crowds at a civil rights demonstration .
Fifteen others were wounded .
More than 25 years later , in 1998 , then Prime Minister Tony Blair established a full inquiry under the auspices of former High Court judge , Lord Saville of Newdigate .
An inquiry chaired by Lord Widgery was held in the immediate aftermath of the killings but it failed to satisfy families of the victims and was condemned as a whitewash .
Earlier , shortly after 1000 BST , friends , relatives , politicians and well - wishers accompanied the families of those killed to the Guildhall .
As each of them went into the building to get their first glimpse of the report , they raised aloft a placard bearing the picture of their dead relative , as the assembled crowd clapped and cheered .
Kay Duddy , whose brother Jackie was the first person to be shot on Bloody Sunday , will be among the first of the family members to see the report .
Image copyright bbc Image caption
The crowds gathered outside the Guildhall
" We 've waited so long for this , and now we 're finally here , my stomach is in knots , " she said , before going into the Guildhall to read it .
" So many times we thought we were so close , and to think that soon we 'll see it in black in white ...
I just hope I can get through the day , " she said .
In her handbag , she carried a handkerchief marked ' Fr Edward Daly ' - the same white handkerchief that the priest used to try and staunch the blood from her dying brother 's wounds .
She said she carried it to give her strength on this important day .
The families will not come out again until at least 1530 BST , when the contents of the report they are now reading will be revealed to the world .
That will come via a Commons statement by Prime Minister David Cameron .
THE BLOODY SUNDAY
INQUIRY YEARS TO COMPLETE : 12
**INCLUDED THE FOLLOWING ** WITNESS STATEMENTS 2,500
ORAL STATEMENTS : 922 VOLUMES OF EVIDENCE : 160
AUDIOTAPES : 121
VIDEOTAPES : 110
WORDS : 20-30 MILLION TOTAL COST : £ 195M
The Saville Inquiry took witness statements from hundreds of people and has become the longest - running and most expensive in British history .
It closed in 2004 with the report initially due for publication the following year .
According to BBC NI political editor Mark Devenport , while it may not have been the bloodiest day in the history of the Troubles , " the significance of that day in shaping the course of the conflict cannot be overstated " .
" The actions of the Parachute Regiment in shooting dead 13 unarmed civil rights protesters immeasurably strengthened Irish republicans ' arguments within their own community and provided the Provisional IRA with a flood of fresh recruits for its long war , " he said .
Our correspondent also said Bloody Sunday set in train the suspension of the Northern Ireland government in March 1972 , which led to the decades of direct rule from London .
The full process of restoring devolution was only completed in 2010 .
Among the issues which Lord Saville will address are the allegations contained in the 1972 Widgery Inquiry into the killings that some of the dead and injured were gunmen or bombers .
Northern Ireland 's Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness , Sinn Fein , who was a Provisional IRA leader at the time of Bloody Sunday , said : " My feelings and emotions are with them and whether they get the truth and justice they 've been fighting for for nearly 40 years " .
WHAT WAS BLOODY SUNDAY ?
Thirteen unarmed people shot dead by British soldiers in Londonderry on 30 January 1972
Fourteen civilians injured after troops opened fire during civil rights march in mainly nationalist Bogside area
Led to international condemnation
Official British government report published within 10 weeks of shootings dubbed a whitewash by families for excluding key evidence
Set the British government on the road to suspending the unionist administration at Stormont two years later , taking over direct rule control of law and order in Northern Ireland The long shadow of Bloody Sunday Send us your comments
Ivan Cooper who was one of the organisers of the civil rights march in January , 1972 , said that , given the loss of life , he now felt the parade was a mistake .
" The reason for the march was to protest against the Special Powers Act which gave the government the right to legislate for internment without trial .
" But looking back now I do n't happen to believe any one life is worth any drop of blood , so in retrospect now I believe that the march probably was a mistake , " he said .
Bloody Sunday campaigner Eamonn McCann said : " Based on the evidence , I 'm confident he ( Lord Saville ) is going to find that none of the dead or wounded were nailbombers or gunmen . "
This was accepted by the soldiers during the inquiry , but they maintained the victims were shot by mistake while they were firing at armed men .
There has been speculation that Lord Saville 's report will say that some were unlawfully killed .
A republican paramilitary group , the Official IRA , have said they fired a small number of shots on the day .
Mr McGuinness also faced questions from the inquiry as to his activities on Bloody Sunday .
The report will include findings on both wings of the IRA .
The relatives of those killed on Bloody Sunday also believe Lord Saville must consider the role and responsibility of senior figures in the Army and government in 1972 .
Clarification 9 April 2019 : This article was amended to remove a reference to the death of John Johnston .
This reflects the Bloody Sunday Inquiry 's finding about Mr Johnston 's death several months after he was wounded in Derry on 30 January 1972 .
The inquiry report states that his death was " not the result of any of the wounds he sustained on Bloody Sunday " .
WASHINGTON ( The Skunk.org ) —
A new study conducted by the U.S. Department of Commerce shows a connection between an increase in contract killings — so - called “ murders for hire ” — and the latest upward tick in the economy .
WASHINGTON ( The Skunk.org ) —
A new study conducted by the U.S. Department of Commerce shows a connection between an increase in contract killings — so - called “ murders for hire ” — and the latest upward tick in the economy .
According to the DOC , the number of citizens murdered by hired gun has risen by 1.5 % over last year , while unemployment for the same time period has dropped by a similar amount .
“ Not only are there more contract killings , ” said a DOC spokesperson , “ but the fees associated with this service have also gone up dramatically . ”
The median rate to knock - off a relative or friend in 2008 was $ 1000.00 ; today , according to the report , most hitmen wo n’t even rough a guy up for under two grand .
Economists have yet to agree on an explanation for the correlation between the reviving economy and the booming kill - for - hire trade , but Dr. Dan Farthamen , a professor of economics at the renowned Wharton School , believes it goes far beyond merely having “ all these well - compensated murderers spending their hard - earned proceeds at the local Wal - Mart . ”
“ It ’s a matter of ‘ Supply and Demand , ' ” he declared .
“ Economics 101 . ”
“ For every victim who ’s liquidated , there ’s one less worker competing for the same number of jobs , ” explained the respected economist in a telephone interview .
“ Thus , as more people are whacked for profit , the ratio of jobs - to - workers goes up . ”
In addition to the immediate eradication of job seekers , Farthamen was quick to point out the “ long - term economic benefits ” brought about by the free - lance killing community , whose ranks include mercenaries , gangsters , hatchet men , and that mild - mannered accountant who lives down the street .
“ In ten or twenty years , when a contractor in the current pool of professional assassins is apprehended and eventually executed , ” he said , “ that translates to yet another potential employee knocked out of the job market . ”
“ And it ’s permanent , ” noted Farthaman .
“ They do n’t start looking for work when their unemployment runs out . ”
“ It ’s a ‘ you - die , I - win ’ situation , ” he added .
FS-2000-09-174-MSFC08/00
Linear Aerospike Engine —
Propulsion for the X - 33 Vehicle
One of the key challenges in designing the next generation of launch vehicles is the development of an efficient propulsion system that is lightweight yet powerful enough to allow for flight .
The propulsion system must also offer low - cost operations , improved reliability and short turnaround times .
NASA and its industry partner in the X - 33 Advanced Technology Demonstrator program , Lockheed Martin Aeronautics Co. , of Palmdale , Calif. , have taken a 30 - year - old idea the linear aerospike engine and updated it for the 21st century by incorporating new technologies and materials .
The effort is managed by NASAs Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville , Ala. , NASAs Lead Center for Space Transportation Systems Development and Center of Excellence in Propulsion .
The aerospike engine is being developed from groundwork laid in the 1960s and 1970s by the Rocketdyne Propulsion & Power unit of The Boeing Company in Canoga Park , Calif .
Unlike conventional rocket engines , which feature a bell nozzle that constricts expanding gasses , the basic aerospike shape is that of a bell turned inside out and upside down .
When the reconfigured bell is " unwrapped " and laid flat , it is called a linear aerospike .
The linear aerospike features a series of small combustion chambers along the unwrapped bell , also called the ramp , that shoot hot gases along the ramp 's outside surface to produce thrust along the length of the ramp , hence the name " linear aerospike . "
With the aerospike , the ramp serves as the inner wall of the virtual bell nozzle , while atmospheric pressure serves as the " invisible " outer wall .
The combustion gasses race along the inner wall ( the ramp ) and the outer wall ( atmospheric pressure ) to produce thrust .
Efficient at all altitudes
The key to a conventional bell nozzle 's level of performance is its width .
At high pressure -- i.e. sea level -- the gasses are more tightly focused , so a bell nozzle with a narrow interior surface works best .
At low pressure -- i.e. higher altitudes -- a wider interior works best as the gasses will expand farther .
For example , the initial stage of the Saturn rocket which carried the Apollo astronauts to the Moon featured a narrow nozzle to produce an ideal straight - edged column of exhaust at sea level .
However , the command module which orbited the Moon featured a much wider bell nozzle better suited for controlling the combustion gasses in the vacuum of space .
Since the width of the bell nozzles can't change to match the atmospheric pressure as the rocket climbs , bell nozzles are normally designed to provide optimum performance at one certain altitude or pressure .
This is called a " point design , " and engineers accept the performance loss the nozzle will encounter at any altitude other than the one it was designed for .
The aerospike eliminates this loss of performance .
Since the combustion gasses only are constrained on one side by a fixed surface -- the ramp -- and constrained on the other side by atmospheric pressure , the aerospike 's plume can widen with the decreasing atmospheric pressure as the vehicle climbs , thus maintaining more efficient thrust throughout the vehicle 's flight .
However , the aerospike engine 's ramp is cut short to save weight , since the amount of thrust contributed by the end of the ramp is small compared to its weight .
Designers compensate for this by pumping secondary exhaust from the aerospike 's gas generator into the base region to add to the atmospheric pressure and elongate the wake .
A key feature of the linear aerospike is the manner in which the engine distributes the thrust along the X - 33 's long base .
This helps distribute the structural loads and makes for a lighter vehicle since heavy structural reinforcement in a confined area is n't required .
The X - 33 's direction of flight will be controlled by varying the thrust side to side and engine to engine , rather than by adjusting the direction of a bell nozzle .
The lack of systems for thrust vectoring -- such as gimbals , hydraulics and flex lines -- also will make the aerospike easier to maintain than conventional engines and help keep the X - 33 's weight down .
Lockheed Martin's industry partner for the engine , Boeing Rocketdyne , has built components of four liquid hydrogen and liquid oxygen - fueled , fuel - cooled linear aerospike engines with engineering support from NASA 's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville , Ala .
The engines will be ground tested prior to installing two engines into the X - 33 for flight test .
Marshall Center also will work with the industry team to develop the engine technologies required for a full - scale reusable launch vehicle ( RLV ) , if NASA and the industry team decides to develop an RLV after the X - 33 program is completed .
The X - 33 will feature two aerospike engines , each independently supplying 20 of the 40 combustion chambers running along the base of the X - 33 to produce a combined 412,000 pounds of thrust at sea level .
The specific impulse is estimated at 339.9 seconds at sea level , 429.8 seconds in a vacuum .
Testing
NASA engineers at the Marshall Center have conducted a number of tests for the linear aerospike engine .
In the spring of 1997 , Marshall Center conducted tests of three hydrogen - cooled thrusters , or thrust cells , mounted side by side and attached to a 4 - foot - long copper alloy ramp .
The test series collected data on cell - to - cell plume interaction , cell - to - cell feed system interaction and heating .
Marshall engineers followed the thrust cell tests with tests the same year on aerospike ignition and gas generator systems .
In 1997 , NASA and Lockheed Martin tested a 5 - percent scale model of the lifting body / aerospike configuration in the supersonic wind tunnels at the Air Force 's Arnold Engineering Development Center near Tullahoma , Tenn .
The wind - tunnel tests were aimed at characterizing the interaction between the aerospike engine exhaust and the lifting body 's aerodynamic behavior .
Engine flight qualification testing began in 1998 at NASA 's Stennis Space Center in Mississippi .
By the spring of 2000 , the first aerospike engine had been successfully operated at full power and exceeded the expected operating time that it will experience in test flights from California to Utah .
The first aerospike engine for the X - 33 program successfully completed 14 planned hot fire tests in the spring of 2000 , accumulating more than 1,460 seconds of total operating time .
In addition , engineers have successfully demonstrated the aerospike engines ability to vary its thrust from side to side and top to bottom .
This capability to vary its thrust -- called differential throttling -- will be used to control the X - 33s direction of flight .
The test stand at Stennis was upgraded in the fall of 2000 to accommodate testing of two engines side - by - side , as they will be installed in the X - 33 .
The dual - engine configuration is scheduled to begin testing in 2001 .
Background
The X - 33 is being developed under a cooperative agreement between NASA and Lockheed Martin , which began July 2 , 1996 .
It is a subscale technology demonstrator prototype of a RLV which Lockheed Martin has named " VentureStar , " and which the company hopes to develop .
Through demonstration flights and ground research , the X - 33 will provide information needed to decide whether to proceed to the development of a full - scale , commercial RLV .
Lockheed Martin plans to conduct up to 15 flight tests of the X - 33 .
These tests will originate from Edwards Air Force Base , Edwards , Calif. , and fly to Michael Army Air Field at Dugway Proving Ground , Utah , and later to Malmstrom Air Force Base , Great Falls , Mont .
Last night on Bravo 's Work of Art , the reality series commissioned a pack of artists to redesign the book covers of a few genre classics , from Frankenstein to the Time Machine .
A few interpretations were just brilliant .
Take a look !
Advertisement
The reality show Work of Art follows the same procedure as past shows of this type : Contestants are given a challenge .
If they 're not up to snuff they 're told that their art " did n't work " for the judges .
Then they promptly pack their brushes etc. and go .
While there was a bit of squabbling on set about the commercialism of this particular task , we love it when big companies , such as Penguin books , give new artists a chance .
Personally , we thought Miles ' wirey burned DNA strand take on Mary Shelley 's Frankenstein was the best , and looked the most like a book cover we 'd pick up .
But John's H. G. Wells '
Time Machine interpretation was pretty inventive as well , and I guess Miles can't win all of the competitions .
We 've collected the best of the genre entries in this gallery .
" May you spear the forces of economic injustices in the world , decisively and with extreme prejudice ... and feel feminine while doing so . "
Haha this gave me a pretty good laugh and brightened up my day , Arbitrary day is awesome now despite my initial fears of getting shafted .
So thanks MTV for pimpin ' my ride ...er I mean thanks Arbitrary Santa for an awesome , unique , and thoughtful gift !!
P.S. : If you are reading this , Arbitrary Santa , please know that it 's been weeks since I last played MW2 at all because well ... you were right .
It sucks .
I just happen to be subscribed to the MW2 subreddit .
( CNN ) -- British officials , citing worries that singer Chris Brown might pose a danger to British citizens , barred him from entering the United Kingdom for concerts this week , a UK border official said .
Brown pleaded guilty last year to a felony charge of assaulting his then - girlfriend , pop star Rihanna .
" We reserve the right to refuse entry to the UK to anyone guilty of a serious criminal offense , " said Barbara Woodward , director of the UK border agency 's international group .
" Public safety is one of our primary concerns . "
The 21 - year - old R&B singer was scheduled to perform Wednesday night in Glasgow , Scotland , with shows in three English cities -- Manchester , Birmingham and London -- scheduled for Thursday , Friday and Sunday , according to his official website .
He was then scheduled to perform in Cork , Ireland next Tuesday .
A publicist for Brown 's UK tour said the shows in England , Scotland and Ireland were canceled " due to issues surrounding his work visa . "
Brown vented in Twitter messages posted online to his fans late Monday :
" U ever feel like the storm clouds are too thick for any sunshine to get through ? "
" think ima go away !!!! "
Brown was sentenced last August to serve five years probation and to spend more than 1,400 hours in " labor - oriented service " for the assault conviction .
A British Home Office official told CNN that " because of his felony charge , it might not be a very good idea " to allow Brown into the country .
The official asked not to be quoted by name because he was not authorized to speak to the media about the matter .
Lets be honest , doing the weather might be an interesting job but it is really hard to sound exciting when your audience is sleepy and grumpy people that are just waking up .
Luckily for some , they not only get an accurate analysis of the weather forecast but they are blessed with a weather man that can spit enough fire to warm their cup of coffee in the morning .
Where is this weather man from ?
I wanna move there !
We need to get him some Kanye glasses .
[ via ]
I got many of the ideas for torturing my brother as a kid from Looney Tunes .
In several of the cartoons , the characters shot plungers from a bow and arrow at people who bothered them .
I once stuck a plunger to my brother ’s face and it actually did stick .
He ended up with a huge purple hickey in a round shape on his face .
Yes , it was used in case you are wondering .
This odd iPhone stand called the iPlunge Phone Stand brings back those fond memories .
It looks like the plunger you would use to clear your toilet of a clog with a red suction cup and a wooden stick .
The idea is that the suction cup sticks the iPlunge to the back of the iPhone and you can stand it in portrait or landscape mode to watch video more comfortably .
I ca n’t see why the thing would n’t work with any phone .
It will ship in August for $ 5.99 ( USD ) over at Perpetual Kid .
Warning :
Do not attempt to use on actual toilets .
View Transcript
Transcript
Dilbert thinks , " Uh-oh .
My audience has fallen into a Powerpoint coma . "
Dilbert thinks ,
" The only thing I can do now is put them in funny poses and leave . "
Police Officer says , " It looks like his finger hit brain . "
What is it with Fairfax columnists making inappropriate comments on twitter this week ?
Firstly there was Catherine Deveny ’s logie tweets , which resulted in her sacking , and then on the very day that Miranda Devine published an article warning that not trashing the brand is more important than ever she ended up in a slanging match [… ]
What is it with Fairfax columnists making inappropriate comments on twitter this week ?
Firstly there was Catherine Deveny ’s logie tweets , which resulted in her sacking , and then on the very day that Miranda Devine published an article warning that not trashing the brand is more important than ever she ended up in a slanging match with another twitter user .
Now ‘ twitspits ’ are hardly newsworthy , robust debate on twitter is par for the course as there is very little room for prevarication or lengthy explainations , however the tweet from Devine seems amazing in light of her urging caution in others .
Twitter user @justinbarbour seems to have initiated things with the following tweet
How did Miranda Devine respond to a critic ?
@justinbarbour unsurprisingly took offence and so began a string of tweeted demands for apologies from both parties .
At some point Devine obviously had second thoughts about her ‘ gerbil ’ sledge and deleted it , prompting @justinbarbour to post a screenshot of the comment .
But in addition to that twitpic , the whole conversation is still readable in the twitter search .
When attention was drawn to what Devine had tweeted more than one person commented on the irony of Devine failing to heed her own advice .
It will be interesting to see what action , if any , Fairfax take over this twitspit .
Devine and Deveny write , or wrote , for different mastheads , with different editors , the target of this offensive comment was a semi-anonymous twitter user rather than a high profile child star and jokes about bestiality and child sexual abuse are n’t on a par in popular consciousness .
However , given the way that Deveny was hung out to dry , can this incident simply slip under the radar ?
Will we see radio presenters and columnists from other papers questioning Devine ’s suitability as a columnist ?
Devine herself noted that
Deveny never pretended to be what she was n’t …
She is a talent .
But she has never claimed to be a journalist or have the slightest interest in news .
Will a journalist be held to the same standards as a comedian ?
It seems that the discussion about journalists and social media has a long way to go yet .
Update :
The screen capture of the twitter search has been updated to place the tweets in order , and include the Direct Message from Miranda Devine to @justinbarbour .
( Visited 444 times , 1 visits today )
Europe remains in chaos , after another day of heavy losses .
What was once a crisis of the PIIGS is now felt by Germany and France as both come to grips with the meltdown in the eurozone .
Tomorrow , Germany votes to approve or deny the bailout of Greece .
On that vote could hinge the future of the eurozone .
It is likely it will pass .
But other problems remain .
The risk of contagion from the continent 's debt crisis could soon cripple inter - bank lending , if it has n't already .
After announcing a bailout weeks ago , tomorrow is follow through day for the eurozone .
Will they need to burn the midnight oil in Brussels yet again on Sunday ?
I got some sweet grilling cookbooks , a book about fight club , some Ethiopian Coffee beans from StrandedPanda 's local coffee roaster , and a growth chart featuring an elephant that my niece can use .
Also a mixed CD with some tunes that are quite good .
Thanks StrandedPanda , you kick ass !
Transcript :
Republican elephant :
We 're going to blame Obama for the oil spill until he ...
Man : Now ?
Elephant : No .
That 's government interference in the private market .
But he can stay down there and observe .
It ’s official , the fall out from the may day update has produced some of the funniest threads I have read across the webmaster forums .
The Fall Out
It would seem people have decided Google is just broken .
Over on the WebmasterWorld , most people are convinced “ The serp ’s are very broken right now .
Or are they ? ” ( no they are n’t ) .
There are some incredibly naive posts .
People comparing YOY traffic and highlighting a huge increase in Bing as proof people are no longer using Google .
This is some “ I believe in UFO ” kind of theories .
Google ’s share of search has decreased slightly in the US , but they have so much share and Bing have been advertising like crazy , that it ’s not surprising for them to go down a little .
What About the Spam
Back to the point of the post , “ What About the Spam ” .
Something that has been of interest over the past couple of months is webmasters posting examples of spam sites dominating certain niches , whilst their sites got hammered after the May Day update .
A lot of the examples were in kind of spammy niches ( MP3 downloads ) , but nevertheless , their is some truth in these posts .
Why Spam Sites Can Rawk
If you think about a good spam site .
They are usually
– targeted at a couple of keywords .
– have a keyword rich domain
– have lots and lots of content ( auto content ) dragged in all on topic
– have a lot of links pointed at them in a short space of time ( yes spammy links , but “ hey that does n’t work anymore ” , well , lets come to that later ) .
If the point of the May day update was to try and decrease off target pages that rank for keywords ( or synonyms of those keywords ) due to domain authority , whilst giving more preference to niche sites that are a lot more focused around that keyword , well , this could suit those spammy sites .
But What About Those Spammy Links
Let ’s get to the crux of the matter .
Despite all us link developers advocating a link development strategy that is centered around relationship marketing , great content and social media , spammy links DO WORK .
I was at SMX Advanced and went to the link building sessions .
There were some great ideas in those sessions and I am totally on side with link building making a mess of the net .
But I cringe when I hear the gurus stating “ That kind of linking does n’t work anymore ” .
It does , I know , I have run spammy sites in niches and ranked top 3 for competitive keywords using nothing more than a old hat crappy link tactic .
So You Create Spam
To understand how best to utilize link development strategies , you should play around with all tactics .
I was interested in how far I could push exact anchor text linking through profile links so I created two sites in different niches .
Both were keyword lead domains , both had lots of content , both were selling affiliate products , after 3 months , between them , they were taking in 10 , ooo visitors per month , both got de-indexed .
I did n’t care , the process of getting one of them back indexed and re-ranking where it used to , was a great learning process .
The Problem With Link Development
The truth of link building is quick win linking tactics still work and in some markets are all that count .
Using great products like linkresearchtools from CEMPER will just tell you all links in your market have been acquired in some underhand way .
If a business is counting on Google traffic to keep them afloat , how do you not get drawn into that mindset .
It ’s great for Google to offer quality advice on link building and I agree with it all .
But when they say :
“ Buying PageRank - passing links or randomly exchanging links are the worst ways of attempting to gather links and they ’re likely to have no positive impact on your site ’s performance over time .
If your site ’s visibility in the Google index is important to you it ’s best to avoid them . ”
the point being missed is long lasting techniques may be to far on the horizon for some companies who have to dig deep for PPC costs until all that link baiting and great content begins to kick in ( link exchanging is a waste of time by the way ) .
They may be in a market where competitors are happy to burn through sites , hey if own get ’s bumped out , they have several more coming up behind it .
Your Experience on Link Development
When I am putting together link development strategies for big online brands , it ’s easy to build it around great content , integrating their strategy in with the PR , offline and marketing team .
There is a lot more scope to put together a hollistic strategy .
When I get asked to do link building for smaller clients through Searchbrat , I find a lot of their preconceptions of what should be offered comes from the one size fits all packages being widely offered throughout the web .
Most of these are automated solutions , firing out spun articles all over the place .
Do n’t get me wrong , packages are a great way to categorize your offering .
But how do you compete with services that offer 1000 links for $ 97 per month .
There seems to be a race to the bottom when it comes to this kind of link building .
In my affiliate life ( which I love and is my play time ) , I mess about with the automated link tools on throw away sites , but I can say , the results are often poor and do n’t last long .
If I am working on a site I care about , automated links never enter the picture .
The Final Word
For me link building tools like Influence Finder show how the process of link development is and will continue to change .
There is a lot more of relationship marketing involved .
The skill set is also changing .
The strategy needs to be integrated with other areas of your business .
Of course , for small to medium size businesses , the problem of resources exist .
It ’s more difficult to put together something that requires a lot of resources .
In cases like this , link packages can work , but if you are getting 1000 links for a 100 bucks , believe me , those links are n’t going to build you a solid revenue stream .
Keep in mind , the best kind of link is one your competitor ca n’t get .
Banned Aid German Parliament Tells off MP for Using iPad
A German politician has raised eyebrows and drawn scorn this week by becoming the first member of parliament to use an iPad during a speech .
Computers are banned on the floor of the Bundestag , but with politicos tiring of carrying around heavy files , a feisty debate is expected to ensue over the use of digital devices .
You 'll recall , studious little gremlins that you are , that we recently saw the venerable first - gen iPhone prancing about with an unusual little green droid providing it with operational commands .
Well , the coder behind that project , David Wang , has now stepped his game up to the iPhone 3G , which has been outfitted with an almost complete implementation of Android .
Audio support is the last missing piece of the puzzle , but the groundwork has been laid and it too should be ready for some unholy Apple plus Google action within the next few days .
Downloadable binaries are currently being prepared , so we thought we'd help you fill the time with a video demo of the port , which may be found just past the break .
[ Thanks , Andrew ]
When the “ Dear Leader ” hits the road for one of his rare trips outside North Korea , he does n’t take chances .
And he certainly does n’t take jet planes .
Shrouded in secrecy , excursions like this week ’s train trip to Beijing have all the markings of Kim Jong
Il ’s eccentric rule : logistics nuanced by enough bling to serve a seven - star hotel , and risk resistance bordering on the obsessive .
On previous trips , there has n’t been just one train , but three .
South Korean intelligence reports say the mystery entourage has included two dummy trains to confuse any would - be attacker .
This time , Kim is reported to have taken only one .
China typically indulges Kim ’s insistence on secrecy .
Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Jiang
Yu brushed aside reporters ’ questions at a briefing Tuesday in Beijing with a curt “ there is no new information . ”
That has n’t prevented South Korean and Japanese media from bird - dogging the train .
Camera crews that captured shots of Kim leaving the luxury Furama Hotel in Dalian on Tuesday were briefly detained by police and asked to delete images and video , according to Associated Press Television News , which had personnel detained .
“ Since the North Korean regime is a one - man dictatorship , the country is far more concerned about the safety issue than most , ” said Cheong Seong - chang , a senior fellow at the Inter - Korean Relations Studies Program of the Sejong Institute near Seoul .
One tell - all memoir written by a former associate claims that Kim once even banned secretaries from wearing hairpins in his office , fearing they might be used to assassinate him .
On train trips within North Korea , Kim often travels by night to avoid U.S. and South Korean surveillance .
The train moves slowly to make sure the tracks are safe .
Such precautions may be justified .
In 2004 , cables above a line of tracks in North Korea exploded , igniting a train carrying chemicals and fuel oil and claiming 160 lives .
Analysts believe the incident was an attempt to assassinate Kim , whose train had traveled through hours earlier .
Kim ’s train is equipped with conference rooms , an audience chamber and bedrooms , with a pair of Mercedes - Benzes on standby , not to mention satellite phone connections and flat - screen TVs so the leader can be briefed and issue orders .
In the 2002 book “ Orient Express , ” Russian official Konstantin Pulikovsky described Kim ’s three - week journey to Moscow the previous year .
Cases of Bordeaux and Beaujolais were flown in from Paris , as was live lobster , according to the book .
There were also such North Korean specialties as koya , piglet barbecue , and salo , salted and aged pig fat .
Leftovers were boxed up and returned to North Korea .
john.glionna@latimes.com
barbara.demick@latimes.com
Ju-min Park in The Times ’ Seoul Bureau contributed to this report
The Development and Psychology of Bushido and Budo
Paul D. Short
( for Hon 3391T , The Japanese Psyche , Dr. Fling , Southwest Texas State University )
November 6 , 1995 ( Revised and expanded December 12 , 1995 )
Introduction
Misconceptions about the martial arts are overwhelming .
Popular notions of Bushido ( The Way of the samurai ) and Budo ( Japanese martial arts ) are no exception .
Although the samurai were not the only originators of martial arts in Japan , they were the most significant .
By tracing the development of Bushido and Budo , a better understanding of the Japanese people can be reached -- the centuries of military rule has had significant effects on the Japanese , especially with a warrior class as large and influential as Japan's .
(1) More important , by studying the development of Japanese martial arts , a better insight on the nature of conflict can be gained .
The nature of Japanese martial arts has changed drastically , especially during the Tokugawa , Meiji , and Modern ( Post World War II ) eras .
Since World War II , the Japanese martial arts have spread , further complicating the perception of Bushido and Budo However , Westerners have taken a great interest in the martial arts , and Budo can no longer be considered confined to just the Japanese .
The development of a particular martial art , Aikido , is used here to show the development of Budo and to demonstrate the psychology of a martial art .
Aikido was chosen because the author is familiar with this style , and also because its founder is considered one of the last major disciples of the samurai arts .
This does not imply that Aikido is the only modern Budo , nor does it imply that it is " better " than other styles .
" Better " is a relative term , just as Bushido and Budo are .
The Martial Ethos of Japan
Bushido
Contrary to popular belief in both Japan and the West , bushido -- the way of the samurai - - was not a universal , stratified code passed down as law , as Inazo Nitobe hints at in his influential work Bushido : The Soul of Japan .
According to Hurst , " in every way imaginable , Nitobe was the least qualified Japanese of his age to be informing anyone of Japan 's history and culture . "
( 1990 , p. 511 ) Hurst points out that Nitobe was a scholar of Western culture who lived in an isolated Christian community in Hokkaido , far removed from the culture of Japan .
His writings have been criticized as misleading and full of historical inaccuracies .
When he wrote Bushido , he thought he had coined a new word , and was surprised when a Japanese pointed out to him that the word existed since Tokugawa times ( p. 513 ) .
Nevertheless , Bushido : The Soul of Japan reflects the views of many Japanese during Nitobe 's time .
He wrote Bushido at the turn of the century , during the whirlwind of the Meiji Period .
The restoration of the emperor Meiji , which marked the end of Japanese feudalism and the beginning of a movement that would propel Japan into World War II , was sparked in part by the intervention of the United States into Japanese affairs .
When Commodore Perry arrived in 1853 and forced the acceptance of an unwanted -- and unfair - -" treaty , " it broke 250 years of stability in Japan .
The Tokugawa shogunate collapsed under the political dissension caused by the Perry incident and an Imperial government was established .
As Japan rapidly began its Westernization , the slogan " Restore the Emperor and expel the Barbarians ! " was coined .
Nitobe 's Bushido caught on during the nationalistic movement of Meiji Japan .
It was the root of the propaganda that the Japanese carried with them to World War II .
Hurst sums up Nitobe 's Bushido as " merely an illusion created by projecting Puritanism , which he had learned from the West , on Japan . " ( p. 513 ) The samurai ideals of the Meiji Period are comparable to the Teutonic symbolism of Nazi Germany : propaganda drawn from ancient warriors to fit the needs of a nationalistic movement .
But Nitobe was not the sole originator of Bushido propaganda ; the accounts presented in the Hagakure and the Budo Shoshinshu were late sixteenth century portrayals of earlier [ Heian ] samurai ( p. 514 ) , much in the same way that sixteenth and seventeenth century Europeans painted romantic images of knights in shining armor that endure today .
Even much of the great medieval war chronicles found in the Hogen monogatari , the Heiji monogatari , the Heike monogatari , and the Gikei were 13th - 15th century glorifications of the 11th century Heian age ( Friday , 1993 , p. 1 ) .
The Japanese are not exempt from the human tendency to exaggerate and glorify the past .
To avoid these same exaggerations , the term Bushido in this paper refers to the loose collection of Pre-Meiji samurai ideals , not to be confused with the Bushido in Nitobe 's work , or Bushido used in other contexts by other authors .
Many authors have cited the Tokugawa period as the birth of Bushido , but this can be misleading .
Although Bushido first appeared in print during the Tokugawa era ( by Yamaga Soko in 1685 ) , during the strict Tokugawa regime , many laws and codes were passed , including those covering the samurai class , such as the Buke - Shohatto ( Laws of the Military House , 1615 ) .
Although these laws were influenced by the rich martial ethos of Japan 's past , it was also influenced by the political agenda of the Tokugawa shoguns .
To say that Bushido , or the " Way of the Warrior " , is confined to a collection of Tokugawan laws and military regulations is just as misleading as saying Bushido is confined by the definitions in Nitobe 's work .
Both may represent the martial ethos of their time , but they do not accurately reflect the attitudes of the samurai before them .
Although samurai ideals and samurai " codes " varied according to time and geography , approaching Bushido as a loose collection of warrior ideals and codes of conduct that began with the rise of the samurai class and ended with the Meiji Restoration ( the official end of Japan 's feudal age and , therefore , the end of the historic samurai ) serves as a way to separate the martial ethos of the samurai from the political ideology of the Meiji Period -- and the misconceptions that persist in popular culture today .
Budo
Budo (2 ) -- Bu meaning " martial " and do meaning " Way " -- is a more appropriate term for the Japanese martial arts than Bushido , since Bushido can be translated as " The Way of the Samurai . "
A practitioner of the Japanese martial arts can be considered a samurai only in the figurative sense ; the purpose of Budo is different from Bushido ( But the spirit of Bushido is certainly prevalent in Budo ) Generally speaking , Bushido was the combined whole of the samurai lifestyle , a code of conduct geared toward developing military administrators , professional armies , and elite soldiers .
Budo , on the other hand , is the application of samurai knowledge as a way to improve one 's life , and the life of others .
If Bushido is the " Way " of the samurai , then Budo is the " Way " of the modern Japanese martial artist .
The relation of Bushido to Budo is analogous to the development of acupuncture : during centuries of warfare , the Chinese collected massive amounts of data on the effects of puncture wounds on various parts of the body .
Some of these turned out to beneficial .
This information was put to use alleviate pain and promote health and healing .
The same knowledge , however , can be used in lethal striking techniques .
Similarly , Bushido , and the military sciences developed by the samurai , can be used for propaganda and violence , but it can also be put to positive use in Budo Benefits of Budonot only include psychological well - being , physical health , and self - improvement , but also the intellectual growth and spiritual enrichment of the Budo practitioner .
Exactly how , why and when Budo was developed is a complicated issue which requires a historical examination of conflict in Japan .
The Development of Bushido and Budo
The Rise of Civilization and Conflict in Japan
Until the 2nd century BC , the Japanese were primarily hunter - gatherers ( Yamaguchi , 1987 . )
When the Japanese began cultivating rice , centralization of labor became necessary .
Since rice can be stored for long periods , any surplus could be accumulated as wealth , so class distinctions began to appear ( p. S5 ) .
This pattern based on rice cultivation has been repeated throughout Asia , where rice farming is labor intensive and requires much organization .
Consequently , Japanese ideas of hierarchy and the importance of the group began to emerge .
According to Chinese chronicles from the Han Dynasty , primitive Japan was divided into many states without a centralized power until the Yamatai state began to control its neighbors .
Although historians do not know what became of the Yamatai after the death of its ruler , they have verified legendary events recorded by the Kojiki and Nihonshoki as early as the 6th century .
It was during this era when the much older Chinese culture began filtering to Japan ( through Korea in the 4th - 5th centuries and through direct contact with China in AD 607 ) , bringing , besides art , technology , architecture , and writing ( AD 405 ) , Buddhism ( AD 552 ) , Taoism , and Confucianism .
Confucian doctrine reduced the importance of the clan matriarch and instituted a male - dominated doctrine for political and social government .
Confucianist filial piety and loyalty were adapted so that society became a reflection of the family ( Pieter , 1993 , p. 21 ) , which formed the bond between lord and retainer .
The emperor Tenmu established a political system known as ritsu - ryo , based on the Confucianist legal system of the Tang Dynasty .
Early Samurai Age ( Heian , 794- 1185 , and Rokuhara 1156 - 1185 )
The emperor remained supreme until the end of the 10th century .
When rival princes began to eliminate each other to gain the throne , the Fujiwara clan eventually came to power ( 866-1160 ) by providing the emperor with a regular supply of wives , who in turn influenced their royal sons ( Yamaguchi , p. S6 ) .
(3) This marked the beginning of the Heian Period ( 794-1156 ) and a long series of skirmishes called " The Golden Age of the Samurai . "
Members of the Fujiwaras began to push themselves into high military and administrative positions , which caused political dissension .
Taking advantage of the political chaos , the warrior ( Bushi ) Minamoto clan took control of the government , forming a network of generals who ruled separate provinces .
The emperor became a powerless figurehead .
Although the Heian Age is known as the Golden Age for the refinement of court life and the arts , samurai of later periods also looked back at the Heian Age as their Golden Age , an age where they advanced to the top of the hierarchy .
These highly skilled , professional soldiers devoted their entire lives to the battlefield .
Since they fought mostly mounted during this period , the sword was an auxiliary weapon , much like an officer 's pistol today ( Friday , p. 4 - 5 ) .
The bow was the preferred weapon of the Heian samurai .
However , the sword was often used off the battlefield in duels to defend one 's honor , or " duty " to one 's name .
The Heian military unit was analogous to a family , according to the Confucian ethic embraced by the samurai and the Shinto traditions that bound groups and families together .
These small units were often conglomerated to form armies and retained their autonomy when dismissed .
Because the samurai fought as relatively independent soldiers , staying only in small , close - knit units , ideas of personal honor were strong .
The central issue to a samurai 's personal honor was his martial abilities ( Friday , p. 15 ) .
This idea of honor was passed on to later medieval samurai .
Rise of the Buke ( Gempei War , 1180 - 85 , and Beginning of Kamakura Period , 1185 )
The Heian Period ended when the Minamotos were defeated by the Taira clan ( 1156 ) .
In turn , the Tairas were defeated in 1185 by an alliance of clans lead by a Minamoto clansman , Minamoto Yoritomo , who assumed the title of Seii Tai Shogun , or " supreme general sent against the barbarians . "
After his victory , he killed his generals to ensure his position .
He then set up a military government , the bakufu ( " tent government " ) , in Kamakura , far from the effete and powerless court of the kuge ( court nobles ) in Kyoto .
Although the shogun was the commander of the Emperor 's armies , " with Yoritomo 's rule the title came to denote the military dictator who ruled in the name of the Emperor . "
( Saotome , 1993 , p. 105 . )
The Buke ( samurai ( 4 ) class ) became the de- facto ruling class .
After Yoritomo's death in 1205 , succeeding shoguns came from his allies in the Hojo Clan ( 1185 - 1336 ) , then by force from the Ashikaga clan ( 1336 - 1568 ) , and after a great civil war ( Momoyama Period , 1568 - 1600 ) , the Tokugawa clan ( 1600 - 1867 ) .
From the fall of the Emperor in the 10th century until the beginning of the Tokugawa shogunate in 1600 , the samurai regularly fought in skirmishes and intermittent wars and dominated both politics and warfare .
During the Tokugawa shogunate , which was to be the last shogunate , war was almost non- existent and the samurai acted primarily as a privileged class of administrators and policemen .
The samurai of the Heian , Rokuhara , Kamakura , Ashikaga , and Momoyama periods differed from the samurai of the Tokugawa period both in purpose and thought .
These differences reflect an evolution of the warrior ethic which would eventually manifest itself as Budo
Middle Ages ( Kamakura , 1185 - 1336 ; Ashikaga , 1336 - 1568 ; and Momoyama , 1568 - 1600 )
In contrast to the early samurai , the Medieval samurai fought in larger armies regulated by the daimyo .
(5) Instead of the bow and arrow , medieval samurai preferred the sword and spear ( Friday , p.15 ) .
The Japanese changed their armor so that they could fight on the ground .
As fighting grew more technical and more strategic , the samurai had to learn several weapon systems , including unarmed combat .
Since punching and striking armor did not make much sense ( 6 ) , methods of grappling , locking , and throwing armored opponents evolved .
(7) So many weapons and techniques were developed from centuries of fighting that the samurai had to be familiar with all of them .
Although firearms were introduced to Japan in 1543 , most samurai felt the weapon was too impersonal , and " left it to the lower ranks of the farmers and ji-samurai ( low ranking foot soldiers , not members of the samurai class ) and , with their elegance and pride still intact , charged into battle wearing their two swords . "
( Saotome , p. 124 . )
As military science advanced , so did the thinking of the samurai .
Although the term Bushido did not come into print until later during the Tokugawa period ( and then only in a much narrower context than today ) , much of it was formulated during the middle ages in a loose set of laws , social norms , and military regulations .
One of bushido 's strongest roots , however , was Zen .
In 1191 , Rinzai Zen came from China , and Soto Zen followed in 1227 ( Pieter , 1993 , p. 16 ) .
Rinzai Zen , with its emphasis on satori ( sudden insight ) became the favorite religion of the samurai and soon became the de-facto state religion .
Samurai often turned to Zen priests for advice and counseling , and sometimes even retired as Zen monks .
Zen Buddhism appealed to the samurai because it emphasized intuition , something that they often had to rely on in the fast - paced battlefield .
Unlike the Confucianism of that era , which took on an airy , aristocratic , intellectual taste , Zen was pragmatic , stressed self - discipline , and appealed to the military mind .
It dealt with death , something Shinto and Confucianism did not adequately provide .
Zen also acknowledged the interrelatedness of all things , including the mind and body .
Mind and body unification was essential for survival on the battlefield , where a moment of distraction meant the difference between life and death .
This kind of discipline went beyond technical ability ; an intuitive awareness that Westerners often refer to as the " sixth sense " was essential .
(8) Zen further refined the Eastern concept of Ki , which , as will be discussed later , forms the crux of Eastern thought .
Zen began to fuse into the military sciences and all quarters of Japanese life .
Tokugawa Period ( 1600 - 1867 )
When the Tokugawa shogunate gained power in 1600 , it marked the beginning of 250 years of isolation and relative peace .
Military sciences evolved into systems of martial arts sometimes known as classical Budo , bujutsu , or kobudo ( old or pre-Meiji Budo ) .
Laws passed down by the Tokugawa shogunate , along with local military practices and social norms expected of the samurai , formed a doctrine which is collectively known as Bushido According to Hurst , the famous quote , " The sword is the soul of the samurai " appeared for the first time in the Tokugawa Naraiki hyakka - jo , a seventeenth century legal code .
Although this transformation of the martial arts and the formulation of Bushido ideals are regarded as creative adaptations since Meiji times , Tokugawa contemporaries perceived this as a decline in martial skills .
( Hurst , 1993 , p.44 ) Few could attain the experience of a battlefield tested warrior such as Miyamoto Musashi , Japan 's most famous samurai .
( 9 ) Hurst says that " Musashi himself was already critical of those whom he saw as " selling " their skills , talking of having one or more dojo and teaching heiho [ military training ] to students . " ( p. 44 ) Tomo Tokihide of Shibuka - ryu jujitsu even goes as far as to say that students of legendary samurai such as Miyamoto Musashi and Yagyu Jubei only learned to imitate their masters , rather than fully understanding them , which consequently lead to later generations of students who only learned forms ( 10 ) , reducing the martial arts " to the level of watching puppets play . "
( Tokihide as quoted and translated by Hurst , 1993 , p. 44 . )
In order to maintain control over Japan , the Tokugawa shogunate instated Neo-Confucianism as the state religion .
Neo -Confucianism , simply put , was Chu Hsi's ( Shu Ku in Japanese , 1130 - 1200 ) interpretation of Confucianism which " stressed the unquestioning and loyal attitude of inferior toward superiors " ( Adele and Westbrook , 1973 , p. 73 ) .
Since Chu Hsi's interpretation of Confucianism was " the theoretical foundation for feudal society " ( Goedertier , as cited by Adele and Westbrook , p. 74 ) , this philosophy became the Tokugawan shogunate 's justification for its strict laws .
Besides using Neo-Confucianism as a philosophical device for maintaining power , the Tokugawans also developed an intricate network of secret police and a system for indoctrination .
Espionage became so predominant that its influence can be seen later in the Meiji Restoration and the network of informants in Asia before World War II .
The Tokugawans indoctrinated their top samurai by educating them in Neo- Confucian daigaku ( universities ) .
With so much emphasis on culture , literature and art , and with so many rigid customs , codes of conduct , and various duties to fulfill at the shogun 's court , the Tokugawa shogunate kept its samurai too occupied to prepare for rebellions or wars .
( Saotome , p.115 )
Although the government ruled with a firm grip , it also kept the peace and cultivated the arts .
In Tokugawa Japan , Neo-Confucianism began to influence Bushidomore so than religious Zen. Although Zen was already embedded in culture of Japan , " few warriors were firm believers or advocates of Zen Buddhism . "
( Hurst , p. 46 . )
The decline of Zen in the Tokugawa era was in part caused by the revival of Chinese studies , originally sparked by the Neo-Confucian movement .
Since most samurai acted as administrators and government officials , they were educated in Neo -Confucianist daigaku , with Zen priests as teachers of composition .
Samurai authors often imitated the ambiguous style of Zen writing , thus creating the illusion that Neo-Confucianist Tokugawa samurai were Zen followers .
The influence of Zen on the samurai should not be underestimated , but Neo-Confucianism played at least an equally important role .
Hurst points out that several authors have overemphasized the influence of Zen in the martial arts , interpreting things from an exclusively Zen point of view .
He even goes as far as to say the works of Zen scholar D.T. Suzuki , especially his chapters on Zen and the art of swordsmanship , wrongly suggests that the Zen priest Takuan heavily influenced the writings of Yagyu Muneyoshi , and that Muneyoshi himself received sharp criticisms from his contemporaries for overemphasizing the importance of Zen .
The Meiji Period and the Development of a Modern Budo : Aikido
The Tokugawa era represents just one step toward today 's popular image of the samurai and Bushido .
Bushido , as it was defined by Nitobe 's " Bushido : The Soul of Japan " , can be considered a Meiji interpretation of Tokugawan Bushido
In turn , Tokugawan Bushido can also be considered a Neo-Confucian interpretation of Medieval and Heian samurai ethics .
Indeed , the warriors of Japan -- whether they be samurai of the Heian , Medieval , or Tokugawa period , or even Meiji reformers and World War II Kamikaze pilots -- all drew upon samurai ideals , each interpreting them according to their environment and the needs of their superiors .
The Japanese businessman , whose Western contemporaries see as engaged in modern economic warfare , carries with him the Bushido as interpreted by Medieval samurai , the Tokugawa shogunate , and even the Meiji reformers .
According to Drager ( as cited by Maliszewski , 1992 ) , the overthrow of the Tokugawa shogunate marks the beginning of modern Budo The Meiji government redirected classical ( Tokugawa ) Budo to develop a " new sense of personal pride and national spirit . " ( p. 23 ) However , Budo became used for other purposes besides personal cultivation and patriotism .
Although the Meiji Restoration reinstated the Emperor as the ruler of Japan , as Japan grew more ambitious and began to exercise its growing military power , the Emperor was slowly but deliberately transformed once again into a figurehead .
As Japan grew in military strength , it began to use Budo as a tool for training its future soldiers .
In 1872 , early in the Meiji Period , Western - style sports and physical education , not the martial arts , were part of the school curriculum .
As Japan expanded its military powers , military drills and gymnastics were added in 1885 , and in 1913 , elementary schools began to adopt martial arts training .
Shortly after , secondary schools added judo , kendo , and sumo .
In 1941 , Japan 's war time National School Reform act replaced physical education teachers with military instructors and made intense training in judo and kendo mandatory , as well as " squad drills , military maneuvers , and the use of hand grenades . "
( Neide , 1995 , p. 37 . )
According to Neide , martial arts " provided the training for a psychologically efficient soldier " ( p. 37 ) and was a way for future soldiers to learn " strategy , self - control , and above all , allegiance to authority . " ( p. 38 . )
Although many Japanese saw this as an opening of Budo to the masses and a transformation of the Budo instructor into a spiritual leader and public educator , many masters resented the government 's nationalistic movement to centralize , define , and reorganize Budo for war .
According to Dundas , an Imperial edict prohibited the practice of old style martial arts , including classic jujitsu( 11 ) Many masters went underground or left the country .
( 12 )
Aikido 's founder , Master Morihei Ueshiba , is fondly remembered as " O Sensei , " or " The Great Teacher , " by his students .
Ueshiba interpreted the meaning of Budodifferently than some of his Meiji contemporaries , and avoided the nationalistic conglomeration of the martial arts by other Budo proponents during World War II ( 13 ) .
Nevertheless , Aikido is a product of the Meiji Period .
As a young man , he was motivated by the Meiji Bushido doctrine of his time and enlisted in the army during the Russo - Japanese War , advancing to the rank of sergeant .
Although he was a patriotic man who supported his country publicly , he personally did not agree with Japan 's involvement in World War II ( Stevens , 1987 . ) .
His affiliation with one of Japan's " new " religions , the Omoto - kyo , as well as the effects of the war , greatly influenced his interpretation of Budo , making Aikido the unique art that it is today .
( 14 ) The Omoto - kyo was an esoteric blend of Asiatic shamanism , Shinto , Buddhism , and Christianity based on the idea that all religious teachings evolved from a single origin .
The cult 's leader , Reverend Onisaburo Deguchi , encouraged Morihei Ueshiba to transform deadly samurai Daito - ryu Aiki- jujitsu techniques into a nonviolent and spiritual Budo
When Ueshiba was ordered to join the Dai Nippon Butokukai ( Greater Japan Martial Virtue Association ) as part of the war effort , he registered Aikido as an independent Budo with the ministry of education in 1942 , and isolated himself to the mountains of Iwama during the war .
( 15 ) He also resented the government 's severe persecution of his comrades in the Omoto - kyo : members became political prisoners , their homes and shrines were dynamited , and the entire movement was suppressed .
Ueshiba 's personal influence within the Meiji government and the royal family , as well as his public support for his country , may have saved him .
He revealed his personal resentment only to his family and disciples , saying how much he detested having to teach at the royal military academies .
He complained to his son : " The military is dominated by reckless fools ignorant of statesmanship and religious ideals who slaughter innocent citizens indiscriminately and destroy everything in their path .
They act in total contradiction to God 's will , and they will surely come to an end .
True Budois to nourish life and foster peace , love , and respect , not to blast the world to pieces with weapons . "
( Stevens , 1987 . )
Aikido is , according to Kisshomaru Ueshiba , the current Doshu ( grandmaster ) over the Hombu dojo ( original school ) and son of Morihei Ueshiba ,
. . . essentially a modern manifestation of the Japanese martial arts ( Budo ) .
It is orthodox in that it inherits the spiritual and martial traditions of ancient Japan , first recorded in the eighth century literary historical works , Kojiki ( Record of Ancient Matters ) and Nihongi ( Chronicle of Japan ) .
This does not mean that Aikido blindly carries the tradition of the ancient fighting arts , merely preserving and maintaining its original form in the modern world .
( 1987 , p. 14 . )
World War II and the allied occupation of Japan were critical to the development of Aikido .
According to Kisshomaru Ueshiba had his father not retreated to the mountains of Iwama , Aikido may have been assimilated by the merger of Japanese martial arts during the war , and " both the names of Master Ueshiba and Aikido . . . might have been regulated to history books and with time become only obscure legends in the annals of the martial arts . "
( 1987 , p. 104 ) During his stay at Iwama he began to integrate more of his personal and spiritual beliefs into his art , thus transforming the nature of its techniques .
According to Stevens ( 1987 , p. 47 ) , Ueshiba was compelled to go to Iwama because he perceived that a " black rain " prophesied by the Omoto - kyo would soon fall on Hiroshima and Nagasaki .
A " divine command " directed him to go to Iwama and prepare himself to be a guiding light for Japan .
Mitsugi Saotome , one of Ueshiba 's top disciples , gives another , less esoteric reason .
According to him , Ueshiba said ,
The Way of Budo is to put new life into the original universal life force that gives birth to all things .
Harmony , love , and courtesy are essential to true Budo , but the people who are in power these days are only interested in playing with weapons .
They misrepresent Budo as a tool for power struggles , violence , and destruction , and they want to use me toward this end .
I 'm tired of their stupidity .
I have no intention of allowing myself to become their tool .
I see no other way but to go into retreat .
( Saotome , 1993 , p. 11 . )
When Japan surrendered on August 15 , 1945 , Master Ueshiba told his students not to worry .
" Hereafter , " he said , " the true Aikido will emerge . "
( Stevens , 1987 , p. 47 . )
A closer examination of Master Ueshiba 's enlightenment in the spring of 1925 may clarify things .
Morihei Ueshiba was well - known in Japan as a master of several prestigious samurai arts .
A naval officer , who also happened to be a well - known kendo master , sought Ueshiba out and challenged him to a duel .
Unarmed , Master Ueshiba defeated the swordsman without harming him , letting him attack until the officer became too exhausted to continue .
Unscathed , Master Ueshiba walked to his garden and rested under a persimmon tree .
According to his own account ( K. Ueshiba , 1985 , p. 155 ) , the ground quaked and he felt a golden spirit engulf his body , changing it into a golden one .
He suddenly became enlightened , freeing himself from the illusion of personal desire , including ambition and the desire to be strong .
As tears streamed down his eyes , he came to realize the true meaning of Budo : the source of Budo is God 's love , the spirit of loving protection of all things ( ai love or the maternal amae love ) ;
Budo is not about defeating opponents with force , nor is it a means to lead the world to destruction ; true Budo is to accept the power of the universe , maintain peace , and to protect and cultivate all life ; and training in Budo is to take God 's love , assimilate it , and use it in the mind and body .
( Stevens , 1987 and K. Ueshiba , 1985 )
Master Ueshiba 's idea of Budois different from Western portrayals of the macho , aggressive martial artist or the deadly , sword wielding samurai .
Indeed , he goes as far to say that " the true meaning of the term samurai is one who serves and adheres to the power of love " ( M. Ueshiba , 1992 , p. 45 ) .
Yet he is also known for sayings such as " One should be prepared to receive ninety - nine percent of an enemy 's attack and stare death right in the face in order to illuminate the Path " ( p. 92 ) and " Left and right , avoid all cuts and parries .
Seize your opponents ' minds and scatter them all ! " ( p. 102 ) Aikido is typical of Meiji Budo in that it emphasizes practice for personal cultivation , but it is unique in that it carries Ueshiba 's interpretation of the samurai ethic , an interpretation that appears to match the findings of writers and historical researchers today .
What research says about today 's martial artists
Empirical research on the psychological effects of martial arts is weak , in part from the simplistic view of the martial arts by researchers and a general lack of knowledge in this area .
( Fuller , p. 326 ) .
Another weakness may be a lack of cross-cultural comparisons in studies conducted on the martial arts .
However , a few studies have reinforced some traditional views of the martial arts and cleared up some stereotypes .
According to a 1985 CPI scale study conducted by Knoblaunch ( as cited in Fuller ) of 103 male and females with less than one year 's experience in an internal ( hard ) or external ( soft ) martial art , novice external martial artists appeared more dominate and competitive than novices in internal arts , but did not appear more aggressive .
The novice internal stylists cited personal , self - improvement reasons for choosing their styles .
There were no significant gender differences in the motivation for choosing a style , nor were there any gender differences in dominance , aggression , or competitiveness .
A 1981 study conducted by Nosanchuch on 42 traditional karate students ( as cited by Fuller ) found an inverse relationship between skill level and aggressiveness , which supports the traditional view that training in the martial arts reduces aggressiveness , contrary to what some social psychologists have theorized .
Fuller supports the view that tactile communication between partners in the soft arts , especially Aikido , is important in reducing aggressiveness .
This may because that in soft arts such as judo , jujitsu , and Aikido , partners learn how to manage and " feel " each other 's balance , energy , momentum , and intent , while in external arts such as karate and tae kwon do ( 16 ) , the emphasis is more on projection of strikes and less on a working partnership .
This attitude can be explained with the concept of Ki ( energy ) : soft style arts emphasize harmonizing Ki , while hard style arts emphasize projection ofki .
Ki and Inner Strength
Perhaps the most difficult topic to talk about in the martial arts is Ki ( Chi or qi in Chinese ) .
Kinot only forms the basis of Aikido and Chinese Tai Chi , but more importantly , " forms the crux of East Asian philosophies and religions . "
( K. Ueshiba , 1987 , p. 25 . )
Ki is as fundamental to Eastern thought as the idea of Good and Evil is in the West .
Ideas of Ki , as a refined metaphysical principle , came to Japan in the 7th Century ( Locke , Olson , Seitz , and Quam , 1990 ) infused with Taoist and Buddhist philosophy .
The idea of Ki fit in with Shinto views of nature , which implied the existence of a " life - force " permeating all substance and events .
Most martial art instructors purposely avoid too much discussion on the subject -- the interpretation of Ki is usually left up to the student .
Ki should not be mistaken for magic ( Locke , Olson , Seiz and Quam , 1990 , and McCann in Short , 1995 ) -- it is a natural , simple concept which can be interpreted many different ways .
Only a few interpretations of Ki will be introduced here , but this does not mean that these are the only interpretations .
A traditional Taoist - educated Chinese physician would probably say that chi ( Ki ) is a microbiomaterial which circulates through the body , maintaining life itself ( Ho , 1995 . ) .
An Eastern philosopher might say that Ki is the matter - energy of which the Universe itself is made .
In keeping with this line of thought , a physicist might describe Ki with the Big Bang Theory .
According to Cosmologist Carl Sagan ( as cited in K. Ueshiba , 1987 , p. 28 . ) , " Our bodies are made up of the dust from the stars .
The same atoms that constitute the stars make up our bodies .
. . .
Indeed , we are the children of the stars . "
One can consider the dynamic energy generated during the Big - Bang as Ki or life itself .
Ki can be conceptualized as both energy and matter , similar to the relationships expressed by Einstein 's famous " E=MC2 " and quantum theories .
At a recent Aikido seminar ( Kokikai Fall Camp , 1995 , Arizona State University ) , Kokikai Aikido founder Sensei Shuji Maruyama continually stressed that Ki should be approached as simply " a feeling . "
In Aikido , a feeling of correctness , good posture - - a natural , relaxed yet active state ( 17 ) -- not a mysterious magical element .
He demonstrated the absurdity of " magical Ki " in several ways : once by pretending to exert an invisible force through his hand to stop an attacker , and another by mimicking a person desperately worrying about an Aikido test , hoping for divine intervention through Ki power .
Unity of Ki , mind , and body is the ultimate goal of Aikido ( K. Ueshiba , p. 26 ) .
Sensei Shuji Maruyama uses a physiological example of Ki-mind - body unification : the adrenaline rush that a mother uses to lift the end of a car off her fallen child .
Another example can be found with yoga , where one learns how to control heartbeat and blood pressure with , according to Skidmore , much better results than conventional bio - feedback therapy ( p. 142 ) .
Some may dismiss Ki as merely a placebo effect .
However , unlike any other placebo effect , which the subject generally believes to be directed from the outside , with Ki , the subject believes it to be directed from within ( p. 146 ) .
Whether Ki exists as an entity or not is left up to the individual ; many martial artists are content to simply view Ki as an overall " blanket concept , " or a tool for conceptualization .
A personal definition of Ki can only be established with experience .
Conflict Resolution
Most contemporary cognitive - behavioral therapy in the area of stress management employs techniques ranging from bio- feedback and self monitoring to Socratic discourse and social skills training ( Fuller , 1988 , p. 325 ) - - highly verbal and cognitive approaches to dealing with stress .
In internal martial arts such as Aikido , stress management is dealt with in a nonverbal manner , using the body itself as a tool for learning .
This has the twofold effect of relieving stress both physically and mentally .
Thomas Crum , author of The Magic of Conflict , applies his practice of Aikido in his Aiki Approach To Living seminars .
Along with cofounder John Denver ( 18 ) , Crum heads Aiki Works , Inc. , an educational organization dedicated to teaching conflict management .
Crum views conflict as neither negative nor positive .
" Conflict just is . " ( Crum , 1987 . )
Crum explains that conflict is necessary for change , and teaches students to go with the flow of things , much like the samurai view of conflict , echoing the words of Morihei Ueshiba : " I have no attachment to life or death .
I leave everything as it is to God . ( 19 ) Be apart from attachment to life and death and have a mind which leaves everything to him , not only when you are being attacked , but also in daily life . "
( M. Ueshiba , 1992 . )
Crum uses the principles of Aikido to actively resolve conflict .
One principle in Aikido is to never meet force directly on with force ; instead , one takes the force given and controls it by acting perpendicular to the energy -- this analogy is similar to a principle in physics that essentially states zero work is required when one force meets another a right angle , or the way a bent pipe can channel a stream of water without doing any work .
( Personal communication with former physicist Sensei Bob McCann . )
Another useful analogy that demonstrates avoidance of direct force is the conversion of linear energy to circular energy in a watermill : by turning against the force of a waterfall when its pedals are struck , the mill rotates and generates circular force as its center ( axis ) is stable .
In Aikido techniques that involve the use of tenkan ( turning , pivoting ) , the Aikidoka avoids the linear force of an attacker ( punch , strike , kick ) and it to circular energy by turning and maintaining a stable axis , an axis that can guide and control the greater force of the attacker , as long as it avoids clashing against it .
Crum shows how Aiki ( harmony with Ki ) principles work in such a manner in daily life , especially in conversations , arguments , and anywhere stress or conflict may arise .
Crum views depression as a spiraling reaction to conflict .
According to him , one of the culprits is a natural tendency for people to label difficulties as bad .
These feelings accumulate and the person " spirals down " into depression .
Using a relabeling technique he calls " the expansion spiral , " Crum uses the wisdom expressed by Master Ueshiba : " Be grateful even for hardship , setbacks , and bad people .
. . . do not feel animosity toward others when they treat you unkindly .
Instead , feel gratitude toward them for giving you the opportunity to train yourself to handle adversity . "
( M. Ueshiba , 1992 . )
Instead of viewing a problem negatively , Crum suggests using the situation as a learning experience .
Centering , or Keeping One - Point
Resolving conflict in the martial arts also means resolving conflict within the self .
Koichi Tohei , founder of Shinshin Toitsu Aikido ( or Ki Society Aikido ) once helped a doctor with insomnia by suggesting that he use Aikido centering techniques instead of sleeping pills .
He pointed out to the doctor that insomniacs sometime suffer from a condition where too much blood rushes to the head , accumulating too much heat and hindering sleep .
Tohei showed the doctor how to " sink your mind into the one point in the lower abdomen and think with all your heart that your blood is flowing from that point to the very toenails of the feet . "
( Tohei , 1994 , p. 82 . )
The technique worked , and the doctor became an enthusiastic Ki Society follower ever since .
Keeping One - Point ( Centrum , Tanden or the physical point two inches below the navel ) is vital in the practice of Aikido - - an Aikidoka maintains One - Point while controlling an attacker 's One - Point , or balance .
This also applies psychologically -- the losing one 's center mentally also means losing of one 's physical center , as demonstrated by a deafening Kiai intended to distract an opponent -- and ethically : the very intent of aggression means that the attacker has morally lost One - Point , which also means that the person has lost One - Point psychologically and physically .
The focus of this paper has been to clarify misconceptions about Budo and Bushido , and to demonstrate the constantly changing martial ethic .
The author has purposely avoided the typical approach to Bushido , such as detailed examination of seppuku ( hara kiri , or ritual suicide ) , accounts of samurai legends , and so on .
The point that the samurai lived a Spartan life of self - sacrifice , which ultimately included the taking of his own life , has been thoroughly covered by other writers .
Also , a rather narrow , simplistic view of samurai development was taken in order to generalize on the psychological factors of bushido -- this is due to the limited scope and space constraints of this paper .
There are probably exceptions to almost everything mentioned .
The section Benefits of Budo is a very brief introduction to the mentality of a martial artist and the concept of Ki It does not mention other important practices such as Ki breathing and the importance of " cosmological " breath power ; " sixth sense , " or awareness training ; misogi ( spiritual cleansing ) exercises , including mantrayana and kotodama ( chants , sentic state expression , etc. ) ; mediational exercises , and the like .
The more esoteric practices are often treated as supplementary or personal exercises by many dojo .
Another limitation is that this paper concentrates on Aikido as model for both Budo and an internal , or " soft " martial art -- definitions of " hard " and " soft " are relative to individual perception .
Ki training is not limited to just Aikido - - other Budo , including " hard " styles such as karatedo , have their own interpretations of Budo and Ki Self - improvement and conflict management methods in other martial arts are just as valid .
A martial art can be a way to seek enlightenment , resolve conflict , develop character , or improve the quality of life .
It can also be used to indoctrinate -- in the case of the Meiji Restoration , it led Japan to a war that would eventually end with the dropping of the atomic bomb , but it also fired the Japanese industrial movement which continues to this today .
Although practice in Budo requires much patience , if one perseveres long enough the wisdom of the samurai will be at his or her disposal , just as it has been for Japan .
1. About 10 % , significantly larger than the knight class of Europe .
The samurai influenced the lifestyle of the common people in Japan ( mostly farmers and fishermen ) much more so than the knights did in Europe .
2. Bujutsu ( " martial art " ) is often used synonymously with Budo in Japan .
However , it is important to distinguish between jutsu and do outside of Japan for the benefit of Westerners .
Jutsu implies emphasis on technique or the cultivation of martial skills as an art form .
Do implies a deeper synthesis of jutsu as a way of life or as a way to improve one 's life .
Budo , however , was not commonly used to refer to martial arts in Japan until the Meiji Period ( Hurst , 1993 , p. 42 . ) .
Martial arts founded before the Meiji Restoration are now known as kobudo ( " old martial arts " ) .
3 . This corresponds with Doi's work on amae ( the passive , dependent love that an infant instinctively harbors toward its mother and carries on into adult behavior ) and demonstrates the maternal influence on the Japanese psyche .
4. Samurai were commonly referred to in Japan as " retainers " ( mononofu , wasarau ) or " men of war " ( bushi ) .
The world now refers to them by the Chinese - derived name samurai , which means " to serve " ( Ratti and Westbrook , 1994 , p. 83 ) .
5. Barons in the Japanese military feudal system .
6 . One exception is the system of striking and punching developed by Okinawans known as karate .
When the samurai invaded the Ryukyu islands , they encountered fierce resistance by the Okinawan peasants .
The Okinawans integrated Shaolin kickboxing from China with a system of fighting known as Te. Desperate peasants highly skilled in karate could strike hard enough to shatter the same armor that earned the respect of the Koreans in earlier campaigns ( Adele and Westbrook , 1973 , p.37 . )
The samurai learned their lesson in Okinawa and assimilated striking methods into their curriculum .
7 . One samurai style of unarmed combat , Aiki- jujitsu ( according to tradition , founded somewhere between 900 - 1100 AD ) , was a predecessor to Aikido .
Aikido 's founder , Morihei Ueshiba , was the last major disciple of Daito - ryu Aiki- jujitsu Master Ueshiba was the one of the last students of several other significant samurai arts as well .
Had he never founded Aikido , he still would have been known as virtually " the last of the samurai . "
8. Westerners often refer to the five senses , while Easterners refer to the six senses , with the mind being the sixth .
Instead of treating these senses separately , they are seen as integrated and forming an sum greater than the whole .
Intuition and mysticism does not seem as far - fetched in Eastern thought .
9. Mushashi was both feared and respected during his time .
He was a ronin ( masterless samurai ) who killed his first opponent at age 13 .
After settling a vendetta against the Yoshika family at age 21 , he wandered across Japan , seeking enlightenment by " the Way of the Sword . "
He was so skilled that he got into the habit of killing other swordsmen in live duels , with himself armed only with a wooden bokken ( practice sword ) .
10 .
This is one reason why the founder of Aikido stressed waza ( practice ) and randori ( free style against multiple attackers ) instead of Kata ( forms ) .
11 . Jujitsu was exported to Britain by Jujitsu masters fleeing Japan ( Dundas ) .
12 . The 33rd grandmaster of Togakure Ryu ninjutsu even kept his art underground until well after World War II .
Ninjutsu practitioners wore judo gi ( judo uniforms ) , so that passerbys would assume that they were practicing some form of jujitsu ( Hayes , 1984 , p. 4 . )
This was not totally far from the truth , since jujitsu influenced ninjutsu Taijutsu .
13 .
One major difference between Aikido and other Budo is the denouncement of competition by mainstream Aikido .
In many ways , the founder of Aikido resisted the nationalistic modernization movement of Meiji Japan and preserved many important samurai ideals in his art .
14 .
One can trace the development of Aikido by examining the names of its prototypes .
Master Ueshiba called his art Aiki - bujutsu in 1920 , although most people continued to refer to it as Ueshiba - Ryu Aiki- jujitsu
In 1936 he renamed his art Aiki-Budo , do meaning " The Way , " as opposed to Jutsu , meaning " art , " " technique , " or " method . "
In 1940 his art became known as an official organization under the name Kobukai Aiki-Budo .
In 1942 Master Ueshiba finally called his art Aikido , meaning , among many things , " The Way of Harmony , " or " The Way of Love and Harmony with the power of the Universe . "
15 . During the American Occupation , General McArthur outlawed the Dai Nippon Butokukai , which had first been established in 1895 , in order to " eliminate any organization with residual military emphasis . "
( Neide , 1995 , p. 40 )
16 . A Korean style similar to karate .
17 . According to Sensei Maruyama , " Your strongest state is a relaxed state . "
His four basic principles of Kokikai Aikido can be summarized as : " Keep one - point ( hara ) , Maintain positive mind , Develop positive mind , and relax progressively . "
( Bob McCann in Short , 1995 . )
18 . The singer .
19 . Morihei Ueshiba had a very broad interpretation of God.
According to him , God was the deities of all religions , including Shinto and Christianity .
He also viewed God as the Universe itself .
Crum , T. ( 1987 ) .
The magic of conflict .
New York : Simon and Schuster .
Dundas , D . The art of ju-jitsu .
[ On- line ] Available WWW from M.A.R.S [ Martial Arts Resource Site ] : URL : http://www.lehigh.edu/~sjb3/martial.html
Menu path : Contents : General Information : Historical Information : The History of Ju Jitsu
Friday , K. ( 1993 ) .
Valorous butchers :
The art of war during the golden age of the samurai .
Japan Forum , 5 ( 1 ) , 1 -19 .
Fuller , J. R. ( 1988 ) .
Martial arts and psychological health .
British Journal of Medical Psychology , 61 , 317-328 .
Hayes , S. K. ( 1984 ) .
Ninjutsu :
The art of the invisible warrior .
Chicago : Contemporary Books .
Ho , M. ( Jan. 1995 ) .
The concept of Ki in Aikido .
A literature survey .
Part I. [ On- line ] Available WWW from Aikido Links ( Germany ) : URL : http://www.lstm.uni-erlangen.de/~joerg/Aikido/
Menu path : Contents : Philosophical Texts ->
Aikido :
The concept of Ki in Aikido : A literature survey , part 1 .
Hurst , C. G. III . ( 1990 ) .
Death , honor , and loyalty : The Bushido ideal .
Philosophy East and West , 40 , 511-527 .
Hurst , C. G. III . ( 1993 ) .
From heiho to bugei :
The emergence of the martial arts in Tokugawa Japan .
Journal of Asian Martial Arts , 2 ( 4 ) , 40 - 51 .
Locke , B. , Olson , G. D. , Seitz , F. , Quam , R. ( 1990 ) .
The martial arts and mental health :
The challenge of managing energy .
Perceptual and Motor Skills , 70 , 459-464 .
Maliszewski , M. ( 1992 ) .
Fighting arts and meditative ways : Historical and contemporary status .
Journal of Asian Martial Arts , Special Issue : Meditative - Religious Traditions of Fighting Arts and Martial Ways , 1 ( 3 ) , 11-35 .
Neide , J. ( 1995 ) .
Martial arts and Japanese nationalism .
Journal of Asian Martial Arts , 4 ( 2 ) , 34 - 41 .
Pieter , Willey . ( 1993 ) .
Body and mind in medieval and pre-modern Japanese martial arts .
Journal of Asian Martial Arts , 2 ( 4),10 - 27 .
Ratti , O. , Westbrook , A. ( 1994 ) .
Secrets of the samurai : The martial arts of feudal Japan .
( 6th print of 1973 ed. ) .
Rutland , Vermont : Charles .
E. Tuttle .
Saotome , M. ( 1993 ) .
Aikido and the harmony of nature .
Boston : Shambala .
Short , P. ( 1995 ) .
Aikido handbook :
The official handbook of The Aikido Club at Southwest Texas State University .
Unpublished manuscript .
[ Hypertext WWW portions available on - line from The Aikido Club at Southwest Texas State University Home Page ] URL : http://mondrian.math.swt.edu/~cr05427/index.html or http://klee.math.swt.edu/~cr05427/index.html
Skidmore , M. J. ( 1991 , Summer ) Oriental contributions to Western popular culture .
Journal of Popular Culture , 25 , 129 -48 .
Stevens , J. ( 1987 ) .
Abundant peace :
The biography of Morihei Ueshiba .
Boston : Shambala .
Tohei , K. ( 1994 ) .
Ki in daily life .
( 14th print of 1978 ed. ) .
Tokyo : Ki No Kenkyukai H.Q .
Ueshiba , K. ( 1987 ) .
The spirit of Aikido .
( Paperback print of 1984 ed. ) .
New York : Kodansha International .
Ueshiba , M. ( 1992 ) .
The art of peace : Teachings of the founder of Aikido .
( J. Stevens , comp. and trans . ) .
Boston : Shambala .
Yamaguchi , M. ( 1987 ) .
The dual structure of Japanese emperorship .
Current Anthropology , 28 ( 4 ) , s5 -s11 .
Notes
Author 's Note : The Aikido - L mailing list on the Internet was a major source of information on Aikido and Budo , and was instrumental in verifying the sources used in this paper , including sources not cited as a reference that were vital to this paper 's formulation .
Reference syntax : A menu path has been given for documents available on - line from the World Wide Web , since the information contained in the 1994 4th edition of the APA style manual does not yet cover information found in HTML format .
However , the HTML annotations here follow the suggested FTP format , with several modifications : ( a) Headers within a page are separated by a colon [ : ] , ( b ) Links to other menus or URLs are indicated by pointer notation used by programmers , i.e. , a dash and a " greater than " symbol or right angle bracket [-> ] , ( c ) The actual document title is underlined as it actually appears in the menu , indicating a link .
“ Jim Crow may be dead , but racism is alive and well .
If you ’re black in America , you can still follow the rules and not win the game , ” said noted civil rights activist Julian Bond last week .
“ It is almost 50 years to the date that I was arrested at the segregated cafeteria in Atlanta ’s City Hall , and less than a few days since the newly nominated Republican Senate candidate from Kentucky said the law which ever since has protected me and others like me from being arrested again was wrongly decided .
The more things change , the more they remain the same , ” said Bond in a keynote address at the Pitt - sponsored Race in America : Restructuring Inequality conference , held here June 3 - 6 .
With sobering facts and a sprinkling of humor , the former U.S. senator from Georgia and chair emeritus of the NAACP led the crowd of several hundred at Soldiers and Sailors Memorial Hall on a sweeping verbal tour of African - American history in a speech titled “ The Road to Freedom : From Alabama to Obama . ”
“ For almost all of my adult life , I ’ve been engaged in what might be called ‘ race work , ’ fighting to make justice and fairness a reality for everyone , ” said Bond , a National Freedom Award recipient who also is distinguished professor and scholar - in - residence at American University and professor of history at the University of Virginia .
He laid out a litany of strategies for black people today based on the recommendations of his role model , W.E.B. DuBois , one of the founders of the NAACP .
“ In 1905 Dr. DuBois proclaimed , ‘ We must complain .
Yes , plain , blunt complaints , ceaseless agitation , unfailing exposure of dishonesty and wrong — this is the ancient , unerring way to liberty , and we must follow it , ’ ” Bond said .
In addition , blacks must work to stop the curtailment of political rights ; learn to vote effectively ; organize business cooperation ; build schools and increase interest in education ; bring blacks and labor unions to mutual understanding ; study African - American history , and combat crime within the black community , Bond said .
“ That these have proven successful is more than evident .
We live in a very different and much better country than DuBois did a century ago .
The racial picture in America has improved remarkably in my lifetime , so much that a black man has been elected president of the United States , ” Bond said .
“ But , paradoxically , Barack Obama ’s victory in 2008 has convinced many that all racial barriers and restrictions have been vanquished and we have entered a racial nirvana across the land .
I ’m here to dispel that notion .
Those who say race is history have it exactly backwards : History is race .
And America is race , from its symbolism to its substance . ”
This year marks the 65th anniversary of the Montgomery , Ala. , bus boycott , the event that introduced Martin Luther King to the world .
“ Four days after Rosa Parks stood up for justice by sitting down , the boycott began .
King understood how significant it would be , ” Bond said .
“ At the first mass meeting , King declared , ‘ When the history books are written in the future , somebody will have to say there lived a race of people , of black people , who had the moral courage to stand up for their rights , and thereby they injected a new meaning into the veins of history and civilization . ’
“ King did not exaggerate .
Montgomery was the beginning of a mass movement that destroyed segregation and permanently changed our world . ”
That movement also spawned sweeping federal legislation , including the 1964 Civil Rights Act and the 1965 Voting Rights Act .
“ The spirit of the civil rights movement imbues any election .
But this spirit was especially evident in the momentous election of 2008 .
The Civil Rights
Act made discrimination based on race , gender , ethnicity or religion illegal .
Another act soon followed which made discrimination based on age illegal , ” Bond noted .
“ The major presidential candidates in both sides ’ primaries included a black man , a woman , an Hispanic , a Mormon and a man who became his party ’s nominee who would have been the oldest person elected to the presidency and , for a first for his party , he chose a woman for his running mate . ”
It is evidence of such progress that makes one look back on the period 1955 - 65 with some pride , he said .
“ Those were the days when the politicians from both parties supported the struggle for civil rights ; now they struggle to be civil .
Those were the days when banks loaned money to people ; not like these days when the people loan money to banks .
Those were the days when we were powered by our values , and not valued for our power .
Those were the days when some people gambled with their own money in Las Vegas ; today some people gamble with our money on Wall Street .
Those were the days when we had a war on poverty and not a war on the poor .
Those were the days when the news media really was fair and balanced and not just mouthpieces for the misinformed , ” said Bond , whose speech was interrupted several times by applause .
Yet , such nostalgia belies the realities of life for black Americans in the 1950s and 1960s , he cautioned .
“ In those days the law , the courts , the schools , every institution favored whites .
This was white supremacy , ” Bond said .
“ The chance to test and prove myself did come my way in 1960 as it came to thousands of other black men and women as we joined a whole movement against white supremacy that had deep , long roots . ”
The United States now is 14 decades past the post - Civil War ’s Reconstruction era , the single period in American history in which the national government used armed might to enforce the civil rights of black Americans , he said .
“ Then , 115 years ago , black Americans faced prospects eerily similar to those we face today .
It was 30 years after Reconstruction .
The 19th century was winding down .
White America was growing weary of worrying about the welfare of the newly freed slaves , tired of fighting to secure their right to vote , tired of fighting for their right to attend a pubic school .
Then , as now , a race - weary nation thought this problem could best be solved if left to the individual states , ” Bond said .
“ Then , as now , racist demagogues walked on in .
Then , as now , minorities and immigrants became scapegoats for real and imagined economic distress .
Then a reign of state - sanctioned and private terror , including literal human sacrifice , swept across the South to reinforce white supremacy .
That ’s when the heavy hand of racial segregation descended across the South — a ‘ cotton curtain ’ that separated blacks from education , from opportunity , but not from hope . ”
It was at that point the movement articulated by DuBois in the 20th century ’s infancy took shape .
His plan was incorporated into the new interracial NAACP , founded in 1909 .
“ Black Americans generally have followed this prescription for action : pursuing civil rights , economic justice and entrance into the mainstream of American life .
The NAACP soon developed an aggressive strategy of litigation aimed at striking down racial restrictions , triumphing in 1954 with Brown v. Board of Education , ” Bond said .
“ That decision effectively ended segregation ’s legality .
It also gave a nonviolent army the license to challenge segregation ’s morality as well .
From Brown in 1954 forward , the movement expanded its targets , tactics and techniques . ”
After King came on the scene to lead the 1955 - 56 Montgomery bus boycotts , he articulated a new tactic to fight segregation : nonviolent resistance , which required direct action and mass participation .
“ In this period gains were won at lunch counters and movie theatres , bus stations and polling places , and the fabric of legal segregation became undone , ” Bond said .
“ That movement was the second Reconstruction , a reconstruction whose ripples were felt far beyond the Southern states and whose victories paved the way for other social protests :
The anti-war movement of the 1960s drew its earliest foot soldiers from the Southern freedom marchers , and the women ’s rights movement took many of its cues and much of its momentum from the Southern movement for civil rights , ” he said .
“ But like the first Reconstruction , the second one ended when the national purpose waivered and reaction swept the land , ” he maintained .
In 1968 the Kerner Commission , appointed by President Johnson to investigate the causes and prescribe the cures for the 1967 riots , concluded that white racism was the single most important cause of continued racial inequality in income , housing , employment , education and life chances between blacks and whites .
“ Within a few short years , the growing number of blacks and other minorities and women pushing for entry into the academy , the media , business , government and other traditionally white male institutions created a backlash in discourse over race .
The previously privileged majority spoke in anger and resentment in having to share space with the historically excluded , ” Bond said .
“ Petulant leaders began to reformulate and redefine the terms of discussion :
No longer was the Kerner Commission ’s description of the problem accepted .
Any indictment of white America could be abandoned : Black people did it , did it to the country , did it to themselves .
Black behavior , not white racism , became the reason why blacks and whites lived in separate worlds .
Racism retreated and pathology advanced .
The burden of racial problem - solving shifted from racism ’s creators to its victims .
In a kind of nonsensical tautology we ’ve heard again and again , these people are poor because they are pathological ; they are pathological because they are poor , ” he said .
“ Thus , America ’s most privileged population — white men — suddenly became a victim class .
Aggressive blacks and pushy women became responsible for America ’s demise .
This perversion of reality occurred as the result of an organized campaign that continues along until today . ”
Such reactionary politics , over time , have redefined America ’s so - called enemies .
“ Opposition to government , especially opposition to Washington government , succeeded opposition to Communism as the secular religion .
The United Nations , Washington bureaucrats , gays and lesbians , supporters of minority and women ’s rights replaced the Soviet Union as the ‘ evil empire , ’ and together these became the energy driving the callous coalition that captured Congress in 1994 and to a large extent are the energy driving the tea baggers today , ” Bond said .
Just as President Obama ’s victory did not herald a post - civil rights America , it did not and could not end structural inequality or racist attitudes .
“ Indeed there is evidence that it fomented them .
Obama is to the Tea Party as the moon is to werewolves , ” Bond said .
“ The rise in the number of hate groups in the United States since his election is unprecedented .
We saw hate on display last summer in town halls and tea parties across the country , subsidized by corporations and their well - funded fear machine .
Our politics has been poisoned by armed and paranoid self - described patriots , drawn from the Taliban wing of American politics .
We used to call them Birchers , now we know them as ‘ birthers , ’ still spreading lies and spreading myths .
The real issue for many opponents today is that we now have a president whom they believe is guilty of governing while black . ”
Bond noted that Tea Party members are 99 percent white .
They see the nation ’s demographics turning them into a minority and they do n’t like it .
“ Having demanded citizenship papers from the president , it is not surprising these self - styled freedom lovers would demand papers from anyone in America who does n’t look like them , ” Bond said , referring to the new Arizona immigration law .
“ So if you tell me the Tea Party has nothing to do with race , I ’ll tell you that you ’ve been drinking something and it is n’t tea .
They say they want their country back .
One might ask :
What was that country like ?
In their country , I could n’t eat at a lunch counter .
I could n’t attend the University of Virginia , let alone teach there .
If Obama represents the end of the America they knew , I say : Good for him ! ”
Bond said .
For much of the 1980s , America ’s president was “ an amiable ideologue whose sole intent was removing government from every aspect of our lives .
He brought the power of financial and ideological profiteers who descended on the nation ’s capital like a crazed swarm of right - wing locusts , bent on destroying the rules and the laws that protect our people from poisoned air and water and from greed , ” Bond charged .
One of Ronald Reagan ’s acolytes — John Roberts — is now the chief justice of the Supreme Court , and is doing his best to gut anti-segregation laws , Bond said .
“ From 1964 till now , all chief justices except John Roberts agree that race - conscious integration policies stood in harmony , not in tension , with Brown .
In two cases from Louisville and Seattle , the Court held by a 5 - 4 vote that these systems could not voluntarily use race in assigning students to schools .
The court ruled that conscious racial integration is the moral equivalent of conscious racial segregation , ” Bond said .
“ Indeed , for most of us , the notion that race cannot be considered in remedying racial discrimination is ludicrous .
But now the ludicrous has become the law .
The truth is there are no non-racial remedies for racial discrimination .
In order to get beyond race , you have go to race .
To suggest racial neutrality as a remedy for racial discrimination is sophistry of the highest order , ” he said .
“ I believe in an integrated America : integrated jobs , integrated homes and integrated schools .
I believe it is a legal , moral and political imperative for America , a matter of elemental justice , simple right waged against historic wrong .
It ’s foolhardy to argue , under the guise of race neutrality or colorblindness , that we can now expand protections that made civil rights gains and the election of Barack Obama possible .
No one would have made the same argument after World War II that because the United States won the war we can now dismantle the army , the navy and the marines , ” Bond said .
“ The Civil War that freed my grandfather was fought over whether blacks and whites shared a common humanity .
Less than 10 years after it ended , the nation chose the side of the losers and agreed to continue black subjugation for another 100 years .
So 246 years of slavery were followed by 100 years of state - sanctioned discrimination , reinforced by public and private terror , ending only in a protracted struggle in 1965 , four years after Barack Obama was born .
If you are 45 years old or older , it is only in your lifetime that racial equality before the law became a reality , ” Bond said .
“ We ’re now asked to believe that 200 years of being somebody else ’s property , followed by 100 years of oppression in the South and discrimination in the North can be wiped away by four and a half decades of half - hearted remediation and one presidential election .
We ’re asked to believe that we Americans are now a healed and whole people .
The truth is racism is alive and well .
That is a fact of life for every non-white American , including the president of the United States , eclipsing income , position , education — race trumps them all . ”
Bond concluded , “ The successful strategies of the modern movement for civil rights were litigation , organization , mobilization and coalition , all aimed to form a national constituency for civil rights .
Sometimes it is the simplest of deeds — sitting at a lunch counter , going to a new school , applying for a marriage license , casting a vote — these can challenge the way we think and act .
We have a long and honorable tradition of social justice in this country .
It still sends forth the message that when we act together , we can overcome . ”
— Peter Hart
Video by Tom Vee TV .
More video below .
[ For more information about trade union solidarity with Palestine , click HERE . ]
June 20 , 2010 -- ANSWER --
In a historic action and unprecedented action today , more 800 worker and community activists blocked the gates of the Oakland docks in the early morning hours , prompting longshore workers to refuse to cross the picketlines where they were scheduled to unload an Israeli ship .
From 5:30 am to 9:30 am , a militant and spirited protest was held in front of four gates of the Stevedore Services of America , with people chanting non-stop , “ Free , free Palestine , do n’t cross the picket line ” and “ An injury to one is an injury to all , bring down the apartheid wall " .
Citing the health and safety provisions of their contract , the International Longshore and Warehouse Union workers refused to cross the picketline to report for duty .
Between 8:30 am and 9:00 am , an emergency arbitration was conducted at the Maersk parking lot nearby , with an “ instant ” arbitrator called to the site to rule on whether the workers could refuse to cross the picketline without disciplinary measure .
At 9:15 a.m , after again reviewing the protests of hundreds at each gate , the arbitrator ruled in favour of the union that it was indeed unsafe for the workers to enter the docks .
To loud cheers of “ Long live Palestine ! ” Jess Ghannam of Free Palestine Alliance and Richard Becker of the ANSWER Coalition announced the victory .
Ghannam said , “ This is truly historic , never before has an Israeli ship been blocked in the United States ! ”
The news that a container ship from the Zim Israeli shipping line was scheduled to arrive in the Bay Area today has sparked a tremendous outpouring of solidarity for Palestine , especially in the aftermath of the Israeli massacre of volunteers bringing humanitarian aid to Gaza on May 31 .
With 10 days advance notice of the ship ’s arrival , the emergency Labor / Community Committee in Solidarity with the Palestinian People was set up .
On June 16 , some 110 people from unions and community came to help organise logistics , outreach and community support .
Initiating organisations included the Al - Awda Palestine Right to Return Coalition , the ANSWER Coalition , the Bay Area Labor Chapter of USLAW and the Bay Area Labor Committee for Peace & Justice .
The Labor / Community Committee in Solidarity with the People of Palestine also included : Arab American Union Members Council , Palestine Youth Network , US Palestine Community Network , Arab Youth Organization , MECA -- Middle East Children 's Alliance , Students for Justice in Palestine , Arab Resource and Organizing Center , International Action Center , International Solidarity Movement , San Jose Peace and Justice Center , International Socialist Organization , Peace and Freedom Party -- SF , Transport Workers Solidarity Committee and many labor activists in the Bay Area .
This week the San Francisco Labor Council [ see below ] and Alameda Labor Council passed resounding resolutions denouncing Israel ’s blockade of Gaza .
Both councils sent out public notices of the dock action .
The ILWU has a proud history of extending its solidarity to struggling peoples the world over .
In 1984 , as the Black masses of South Africa were engaged in an intense struggle against South African apartheid , the ILWU refused for a record - setting 10 days to unload cargo from the South African Ned Lloyd ship .
Despite million - dollar fines imposed on the union , the longshore workers held strong , providing a tremendous boost to the anti-apartheid movement .
Today ’s Oakland action , in the sixth largest port in the United States , is the first of several protests and work stoppages planned around the world , including Norway , Sweden and South Africa .
It is sure to inspire others to do the same .
The goal is for a 24 - hour shutdown of the docks where the Israeli ship is docked , so the protest is planned again for 4:30 pm .
Click here for details of the 4:30 pm. protest .
Featuring the Brass Liberation Orchestra .
San Francisco Labor Council Resolution regarding the attack on the Gaza Aid Flotilla , calling for an independent international investigation , and opening of the Gaza border
Adopted June 14 , 201
Whereas many labour organisations , including :
International Trade Union Confederation ( ITUC ) World Federation of Trade Unions ( WFTU ) International Transport Workers ' Federation ( ITF ) International Dockworkers Council ( IDC ) International Federation of Journalists Public Services International ( PSI ) Education International ( EI ) Trades Union International -- Building , Wood , Building Materials & Allied Industries Australian Council of Trade Unions Canadian Union of Postal Workers Canadian Union of Public Employees ( CUPE ) -- Ontario Congress of South African Trade Unions ( COSATU ) and National Union of Mineworkers ( S. Africa ) New Zealand Council of Trade Unions Irish Congress of Trade Unions and IMPACT , Ireland 's largest public and services union Maritime Union of Australia National Union of Journalists in UK Greek General Confederation of Labor ( GSEE ) Palestine General Federation of Trade Unions ( PGFTU ) Swedish Dock Workers Union Norwegian Dock Workers Union , and Norwegian Labor Federation LO Trades Union Congress UK UNISON , the larges t public sector union in Britain UNITE , Britain 's largest union U.S. Labor Against the War Arab American Union Members Council Bay Area Labor Committee for Peace & Justice International Longshore & Warehouse Union ( ILWU ) , Local 10 Alameda County Central Labor Council
have condemned the May 31st Israeli commando attack on the Gaza Aid Flotilla , which killed at least nine unarmed people and seized and detained some 700 passengers and crew .
Many of these labor organizations , as well as the U.N. and Amnesty International , have also called for an independent international investigation of the attack and for a permanent opening of the Gaza border in accordance with international law ; and
Whereas the Elders , a group started by Nelson Mandela including six Nobel peace prize winners ( former UN Secretary General Kofi Annan , former Finnish President Martti Ahtisaari , former US President Jimmy Carter , detained Burmese leader Aung San Suu Kyi , and former Archbishop Desmond Tutu ) described as " completely inexcusable " the Israeli attack on the Gaza Aid Flotilla and stated : " This tragic incident should draw the world 's attention to the terrible suffering of Gaza 's 1.5 million people , half of whom are children under the age of 18 , " and also noted that " the treatment of the people of Gaza is one of the world 's greatest human rights violations and that the blockade is Š illegal " ; and
Whereas the aid carried on the ship was strictly humanitarian in nature , containing materials such as wheelchairs , medical , school and building supplies and non-perishable foods -- items that Israel has refused to allow into Gaza since 2007 , or only in insufficient amounts to meet the pressing needs of Gaza 's people ; and
Whereas the military assault on the Gaza Aid Flotilla was carried out in the dead of night in international waters in violation of accepted norms of state conduct regarding use of the open ocean for non-military purposes ; and
Whereas , in solidarity with the people of Gaza , the Swedish Dock Workers Union is refusing to work Israeli ships from June 22 - 29 , and the Norwegian dock workers have agreed not to work Israeli cargo from June 15 - 29 -- in response to the attack on the Gaza Aid Flotilla ; and
Whereas the San Francisco Labor Council has previously adopted two resolutions calling for the lifting of the blockade against Gaza .
Therefore be it resolved that the San Francisco Labor Council join the long list of labor organizations around the world and the International Committee of the Red Cross , in condemning the unwarranted May 31st attack by the Israeli military on the unarmed humanitarian aid flotilla sailing in international waters ; and
Be it further resolved that the council join the UN , Amnesty International , ITUC , COSATU and the many other labor and civil society organizations in calling for an independent international investigation of the attack on the Gaza Aid Flotilla ; and
Be it further resolved that the council reaffirms its position in calling on Israel to lift the blockade , so the people of Gaza can have normal communication , travel and commerce with the rest of the world ; and
Be it finally resolved that the council communicate this resolution to affiliated unions , area labor councils , community allies , the California Federation of Labor , the AFL - CIO , Change to Win , all members of the House and Senate who represent the jurisdiction of this council , and to President Barack Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton .
[ Resolution adopted near - unanimously by the San Francisco Labor Council at the regular delegates meeting held June 14 , 2010 in San Francisco , California . ]
Dont worry , he didnt need front teeth in the first place .
A self - described absurdist filmmaker and member of " the Love Police " is facing a charge of impersonating a peace officer .
He appeared in a Toronto courtroom Wednesday .
" I 'm shocked and appalled .
I 've spent 48 hours in incarceration for things which were not crimes , I did not hurt or steal anything , " Charlie Veitch told the Toronto Star on Wednesday .
He is to re-appear in court on Aug. 23 after being released on $ 500 bail .
Police announced the arrest late Tuesday in a news release .
" On Thursday , June 24 , 2010 , the accused was filming the G20 Summit security fence area at Front Street / York Street , " they said .
" He was approached by a security officer and was requested to provide identification .
He indicated that he was not carrying identification because he was working undercover as a peace officer . "
Peel Regional Police carried out the arrest as Veitch , 29 , of England , was about to board an aircraft at Pearson International Airport .
One YouTube video shows him telling a private security guard on June 24 , two days before the G20 Summit started : " We 're from British military intelligence .
I 'm here with the the Metropolitan Police .
It 's all fully authorized at the highest levels . "
The video does n't appear to show Veitch flashing anything that imitates official identification .
" We 're not press because we 're fully undercover .
If we carried ID around we might be searched by protesters , " he told the guard .
When challenged again as to his identity , Veitched added : " I ca n 't say .
If you 're going to radio that in , we 're undercover , so it 's best not to say . "
Another YouTube video shows Veitch conversing with other security guards and Toronto police officers .
" Ladies and gentlemen , we are the police entertainment division .
We know that protecting Toronto against all those anarchists and terrorists can get very boring , so we are here to remind you that we are on your side , " he said using a megaphone .
" We are the Love Police , and our job is to lower fear and raise love . "
Private security guards told Veitch and his crew they were on private property .
They then moved onto the public sidewalk close to the security fence .
Police approached and engaged in conversation .
Veitch said the police had been " super cool . "
The officer said they could n't film where they were because they were within five metres of the fence .
He asked them to turn off the camera .
" The Public Works Act states that , " he said .
Police asked to see Veitch 's identification .
He asked to see theirs .
" Failure to identify yourselves under the Public Works
Act is going to end up in you guys being arrested , which none of us wants , " the officer said .
" I hope that sounds fair . "
A badge number was n’t visible in the video .
Later , one of the film crew was arrested for not identifying himself .
An officer said as soon as police determined his identity , he would be released .
According to the alternative website PressForTruth.ca , the person arrested was Veitch .
On Tuesday , it became known police did n't have authority under that act for arresting someone for not showing identification within five metres of the fence .
Asked about it , Toronto Police Chief Bill Blair said , " … I was trying to keep the criminals out . "
At least 1,500 people showed up at police headquarters on Monday to protest police tactics used to quell demonstrators after the appearance of anarchist vandals caused chaos and damages .
One person armed with a microphone , possibly Veitch , told the officers protecting the building that if they were not neo - nazi fascist police to raise their hands .
" Come on , there 's some of you in there , " he said .
On Wednesday , Blair told CTV Toronto : " I was n't lying to anybody .
I was telling them what I believed to be true . "
He said he did insist that every police officer be told about the limits to their authority around the fence , but the public was never informed .
He said he regrets not issuing a news release , but pointed a finger at the provincial government and the G8 / G20 Integrated Security Unit .
According to the Globe and Mail , more than 1,000 people were arrested during the course of the G20 summit , but only 263 were charged with an offence more serious than breach of peace .
Police spokesman Mark Pugash told the Globe that no one was arrested under the Public Works Protection
Act who should n't have been .
Longtime pets feel like part of the family , but in times of crisis , they can get skittish and hard to manage , endangering themselves and their owners .
You can stop worrying , though , because the brand - new Pet Evacuation Jacket is here to get you and your pet to safety in fires , earthquakes , and other disasters .
Made from the same material used by Japan 's world - class firefighters , this flame - retardant suit protects from heat while adding a carrying handle for controlling and transporting frantic pets .
It 's not just for your furry friend , though - pockets on the side of the jacket hold emergency tools and supplies for pet and owner alike .
With rugged hardware , professional - grade materials , and rapid velcro closure , it 's one less thing to think about in emergency situations .
The Pet Evacuation Jacket features :
Japan Firefighting Association - certified flame - retardant jacket
Materials : polyester ( base cloth ) , polyurethane ( outer shell ) , fireproof acrylic ( lining )
Heavy - duty carry handle , and double - duty strap / leash
Pet supplies : food bowl , muzzle , hermetically sealed odor control bag ( for any items distressing the pet ) , protective rain hood and rubber booties , freezer gel paks ( to control heat ) , bell , waterproof ID capsule with blank paper
Human / pet supplies : 50 mL sealed water packs for drinking or disinfecting , nutrition bars , bandages , aromatic oil ( for calming panic ) , first - aid gloves , mini-radio , emergency whistle
Number of water packs and energy bars vary ; see size chart for details
Manual : Japanese , but self - explanatory
Size Chart ( cm ) :
The Empire Strikes Back – A Dog Lover ’s Delight
Canadian director , Patrick Boivin , made his boyhood wishes a reality with this short ( 1 minute 5 seconds ) video .
As a kid he desperately wanted a dog and an At - At Imperial Walker Tank , first introduced in the George Lucas movie The Empire Strikes Back .
As an adult he got both in a combination form .
MADMIKESAMERICA HOMEPAGE
Become a member of the team at MadMikesAmerica Apply Here .
Fountain Of Youth By Lukjad Watch
1 Favourite 2 Comments 337 Views
This was one of my favourate fountains .
I took this from the stairs leading to the second floor .
IMAGE DETAILS Image size 1136x2912px 823.31 KB
Make OLYMPUS IMAGING CORP .
Model StylusTough - 3000 Shutter Speed 1/100 second Aperture F/4.0 Focal Length 5 mm ISO Speed 800 Date Taken May 8 , 2010 , 4:55:15 PM
Show More
“ Many significant human pleasures are universal , ” Bloom writes .
“ But they are not biological adaptations .
They are byproducts of mental systems that have evolved for other purposes . ”
Evolutionary psychologists like Bloom are fond of explaining perplexing psychological attributes this way .
These traits emerged , the argument goes , as accidental accompaniments to other traits that help us survive and reproduce .
Image Credit ... Illustration by Shannon May
Our most puzzling sources of pleasure , according to this view , are side effects of our inborn “ essentialism , ” the idea that “ things have an underlying reality or true nature . . . and it is this hidden nature that really matters . ”
It was to our ancestors ’ advantage to be essentialists , so they could categorize the plants and animals in their environment into “ dangerous ” and “ harmless ” and thereby know which ones to avoid .
Today , our ability to recognize the essence of things explains , for instance , why someone would be willing to pay $ 48,875 for a tape measure once owned by John F. Kennedy .
Pornography is another example of pleasure via essentialism .
Why do some men spend more time looking at Internet porn than interacting with flesh - and - blood lovers ?
There may be “ no reproductive advantage ” to liking pornography , Bloom writes , but there is an advantage to its source : an urge to look at real - world “ attractive naked people , ” which makes us want sex , which in turn is good for continuation of the species .
Pornography uses the same pleasure mechanism as actual sex , which is handy since “ there are n’t always attractive naked people around when you need them . ”
Then there are the ( sometimes ) more G- rated pleasures of the imagination : the joys of fiction , movies , television , daydreaming .
“ Surely we would be better off pursuing more adaptive activities — eating and drinking and fornicating , establishing relationships , building shelter and teaching our children , ” Bloom writes .
But when we retreat into an imagined world , it ’s almost like experiencing the pleasure for real .
Bloom calls it “ Reality Lite — a useful substitute when the real pleasure is inaccessible , too risky or too much work . ”
Bloom ’s ideas go against the traditional view of pleasure as purely sensory : that is , that we get pleasure from food because of how it tastes , from music because of how it sounds , from art because of how it looks .
The sensory explanation is only partially true , he writes .
“ Pleasure is affected by deeper factors , including what the person thinks about the true essence of what he or she is getting pleasure from . ”
When we pay good money for tape measures that famous people have touched , or treasure our children ’s clumsy kindergarten art , it is because we believe that something about the person ’s essence exists in the object itself .
How else to explain Jonathan Safran Foer ’s collection of blank sheets of paper ?
These are not just any blank sheets : they are the sheets that were about to be written on next by Paul Auster , Susan Sontag and David Foster Wallace , who sent them to Foer at his request .
The public feel many emotions towards enormously successful , fabulously wealthy , extraordinarily good - looking Hollywood stars .
Protective is n't usually one of them .
But Keanu Reeves is different .
When a photo surfaced last week of him perching on a park bench , eating a sandwich , looking just a tiny bit morose , the internet went wild .
Bloggers typed out a torrent of warmth , the Twitterers tweeted their larksong of love .
It was as though the world had suddenly awoken to the ideal espoused in Reeves 's Bill and Ted movies : " Be excellent to each other . "
A thread started on Reddit , running to thousands of comments , including anecdotes of Reeves 's incredible generosity .
There were stories of him taking out stage hands for free lunches , giving a poor crew member a $ 20,000 ( £ 16,500 ) bonus , stopping to help a woman jumpstart her car .
People began Photoshopping the original image of Reeves into other photographs – surrounded by a furry army of cats , for instance .
A website was started called " Thank you , Keanu Reeves ! " , with people praising the actor for his sincerity , his films , his sterling work as a representative of his childhood home , Canada .
And the proposals also began for a Keanu Reeves day , to be held tomorrow .
On the Facebook page for " Cheer up Keanu day " it was explained that people should send " letters , emails , gifts and any other niceties and kind words to a real bro , Keanu Reeves " .
Why this outpouring ?
It 's not really because of his acting ; as film critic Joe Queenan , a huge Reeves fan , once pointed out , he is " not so much a bad actor as a non-actor " .
Though Reeves has certainly appeared in some entertaining films - Point Break , Speed , The Matrix – and is also , obviously , one of the best looking people in the world .
This helps .
But there 's an enigma about him , and what seems like a genuine shyness and humility .
He 's experienced some hard times personally over the years , and the public feels for him .
A source who knew Reeves in the early 90s confirms the many stories of his kindness – he taught her bass guitar , brought chicken soup when she was ill , let all and sundry stay at his house , and sent flowers to his sister each week .
Perhaps the simple truth is this .
We want to protect Keanu because we can tell he 's good .
Most excellent , even .
There is a great deal of sound and fury regarding the Israeli boarding operation of the Gaza aid flotilla , largely because of the violence involved and death of around a dozen of the activists on board .
Two of the key points of criticism prevalent on the internet thus far that the boarding operation was illegal because it was in international waters and possibly even an act of war against a Turkish flag - carrier , and that the action was both unjustified and disproportionate , as usual it is n’t that simple .
It never is .
The accusation follows that the boarding raid occurred in international waters and was therefore unjustified , and thus represents either an act of war against a foreign flag carrier if the action was sanctioned by the military , or simple murder if it was not .
However , while the action occurred outside Israel ’s territorial sea it appears to have happened inside Israel ’s exclusive economic zone ( EEZ ) and according to the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea :
Article58 3 . In exercising their rights and performing their duties under this Convention in the exclusive economic zone , States shall have due regard to the rights and duties of the coastal State and shall comply with the laws and regulations adopted by the coastal State in accordance with the provisions of this Convention and other rules of international law in so far as they are not incompatible with this Part .
Gaza is officially blockaded by Israel , a sovereign nation state , and the flotilla had been informed that they were not permitted to transit Israeli territory to reach Gaza in defiance of the blockade .
Apparently the same statement also included a clear offer that the flotilla ’s aid be inspected at the Israeli port of Ashdod whereupon it would be sent on to Gaza ( important if not to contravene San Remo stipulations on not hindering aid ) .
Israel was acting to enforce it position against a blockade - runner within territory that permitted such an action .
It may yet prove to be that a States obligation to observe the laws and regulations of the coastal State in the Law of the Sea do not cover such eventualities as this incident , but even then it may act as an enabler for other more directly applicable treaties .
The fact that Israel waited until the flotilla entered its EEZ may not imply that the Law of the Seas is the treaty that Israel wishes to justify its actions , merely that its jurisdiction acts as a legal mechanism which allows Israel to invoke a separate treaty such as the San Remo Memorandum on unlawful use of the sea ; specifically blockade running :
Section V : Neutral merchant vessels and civil aircraft Neutral merchant vessels 67 .
Merchant vessels flying the flag of neutral States may not be attacked unless they : ( a ) are believed on reasonable grounds to be carrying contraband or breaching a blockade , and after prior warning they intentionally and clearly refuse to stop , or intentionally and clearly resist visit , search or capture ;
Until that is proved one way or another ( along with other possible legal mechanisms ) , this blog is going to keep an open mind on the question of legality .
The matter of whether disproportionate force was used hinges upon the same question of legality , which if upheld , then at least one vessel within the flotilla offered violent armed resistance against a Israeli military boarding party acting to enforce its regulations against a blockade runner that had been informed before - hand that its intended actions were not permitted .
The fact that the situation escalated to tragic loss of lives may be in part due to poor Israeli boarding technique would not change the fact that Israeli forces were legitimately enforcing law and regulation .
There is without doubt much more to the story that as yet remains untold , and it may prove to be that Israel ’s EEZ is not a significant factor in the equation , but the sound and fury currently drowning out rational discussion is unhelpful to say the least .
Update – 02/06/10
Israel is indeed using Article 67a of the San Remo memorandum as justification for stopping the flotilla , but rather than using Article 58 of the Law of the Sea to enact such a measure outside its territorial waters Israel is instead using Gaza - Jericho agreement which it claims justifies the exclusion zone extending beyond its territorial waters , and thus the territory under blockade .
This is of course a matter under dispute , but there we are .
The BBC has a good tactical breakdown of how the incident on deck unfolded here .
Update – 23/08/10
Panorama documentary on the true motives for Gaza flotilla , focussing on Israeli tactical mistakes , the grim ambitions of the militants onboard , and the utter lack of aid that was actually being transported .
In a truly transformative event , physicists have for the first time found direct evidence that a neutrino , a ghostly elementary particle that barely interacts with matter , morphs from one type into another .
The finding , announced May 31 in a news release , provides additional support for the notion that neutrinos have mass , a property that requires an explanation beyond the realm of the standard model of particle physics .
Since the late 1990s , experiments such as Super - Kamiokande in Japan have indicated that neutrinos spontaneously transform themselves , or oscillate , among three varieties or “ flavors ” : the electron neutrino , the muon neutrino and the tau neutrino .
Such oscillations indicate that neutrinos , long thought to be weightless , must have some small amount of mass .
Those experiments revealed a lower - than - predicted abundance of a certain type of neutrino compared with the number produced at the neutrinos ’ source .
The abundance of that type had clearly declined , but it was n’t clear which type of neutrino they had transformed into .
The new experiment not only shows a strong hint of just such a transformation but also identifies tau neutrinos as the type produced .
The finding is based on three years of neutrino data recorded by the Oscillation Project with Emulsion - Tracking Apparatus , or OPERA , at the underground Gran Sasso National Laboratory near Rome .
Theorist Rabindra Mohapatra of the University of Maryland in College Park , not a member of the discovery team , calls the result a “ magnificent confirmation ” that neutrinos oscillate among three types .
“ The OPERA detector was built with that purpose , and clearly they have succeeded , ” he says .
OPERA uses as its source an intense beam of pure muon neutrinos generated at CERN in Geneva .
The analysis indicates that a muon neutrino changed into a tau neutrino sometime during the roughly 730 - kilometer , 2.4 - millisecond journey of the high - speed particles from Switzerland to Italy .
In 2001 , the Sudbury Neutrino Observatory in Ontario found both a deficit of identifiable electron neutrinos emitted by the sun and a commensurate increase in a mixture of tau , muon and electron neutrinos ( SN : 6/23/01 , p. 388 ) , says astrophysicist Michael Turner of the University of Chicago .
That experiment , unlike OPERA , could not identify which types of neutrinos the electron neutrinos had transformed into .
“ The importance of this observation is that for the first time a [ specific ] new flavor of neutrino has been seen to appear , ” says theorist John Ellis of CERN , also not part of the experimental team .
“ We now know where those missing neutrinos [ in past experiments ] have been going .
It 's a bit like a shopkeeper discovering that cash keeps disappearing from the till .
She could n't charge the cashier with theft until she finds some money in his pocket . ”
While not a breakthrough , Turner says , the new finding is “ a very important step on the path to understanding how neutrinos have shaped our universe . ”
Neutrinos play a key role in triggering supernova explosions , which seed the universe with the bulk of its heavier elements , and may also contribute to dark matter , the invisible material that accounts for 85 percent of the mass of the cosmos .
Because the OPERA finding is but a single detection among billions of neutrino events , it will require confirmation with about five or six additional events , cautions OPERA spokesman Antonio Ereditato of the University of Bern in Switzerland .
The presumed transformation has a 98 percent chance of being correct , the team said .
Detecting a transformation is notoriously difficult because neutrinos are nearly massless and have no charge .
About 50 trillion pass unimpeded through a human body each second .
OPERA searches for the interaction and decay of tau neutrinos within 150,000 “ bricks ” — layered units of lead plates and photographic film .
The experiment ’s underground location shields it from cosmic rays , energetic charged particles from space that can interfere with the operation of electronic detectors associated with the bricks .
The first neutrino oscillation experiments , dating back some 15 years , were conducted to understand a longstanding puzzle about why nuclear burning at the sun ’s core seemed to be producing substantially fewer electron neutrinos than predicted .
The experiments revealed that about one - third of the electron neutrinos had disappeared on their way to Earth , presumably because they had transformed into another type of neutrino .
Before the OPERA result , some researchers had suggested that a fraction of the missing neutrinos might have disappeared into a proposed fourth type , known as a sterile neutrino , which would not have shown up in any detector , notes particle theorist Joseph Lykken of the Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory in Batavia , Illinois , who is not a participant in the experiment .
Sterile neutrinos have been suggested as a way of understanding the results of neutrino oscillation experiments such as Fermilab ’s Mini-Boone , or booster neutrino experiment , which do n’t seem to fit the standard neutrino model .
“ With only one neutrino appearance event , OPERA does not yet tell us anything new about sterile neutrinos , but it is an important step towards getting a direct handle on this exciting possibility , ” says Lykken .
Several other questions remain in trying to understand neutrinos , says theorist Joshua Frieman , also of Fermilab .
Researchers would like to determine if the lightest neutrino consists mainly of an electron neutrino and if the heavier ones are mixtures of the muon and tau neutrinos .
In addition , physicists want to know if neutrinos and antineutrinos behave differently when they decay , a phenomenon known as CP violation .
“ These questions are motivating the design of new long - baseline neutrino - oscillation experiments , ” Frieman says .
One such experiment would shoot a neutrino beam from Fermilab to a huge detector in a proposed underground lab in South Dakota , he says .
Image :
The likely conversion of a muon neutrino ( vertex at left ) into a tau neutrino , predicted but never before seen , is marked by the light blue horizontal line with a gap in it , as shown in this computer reconstruction of a detection in the OPERA experiment .
/ OPERA / Gran Sasso National Lab
See Also :
WebSocket is " TCP for the Web , " a next - generation full - duplex communication technology for web applications being standardized as a part of Web Applications 1.0 .
The WebSocket protocol is more efficient than HTTP as used in Ajax , so it is more suitable for real time and dynamic web applications .
WebSocket also provides a very simple API that can be used to communicate bidirectionally between the web browser and a server , so it makes it easy to develop such web apps .
We initially implemented WebSocket in WebKit , which has been available in WebKit nightly builds and in Google Chrome .
The initial implementation was based on draft - hixie - thewebsocketprotocol - 75 .
Early adopters were able to start developing web apps using WebSocket on real browsers , and provide feedback about the WebSocket specification .
Based on community feedback , the WebSocket specification has been updated to draft - ietf - hybi - thewebsocketprotocol-00 ( also known as draft - hixie - thewebsocketprotocol - 76 ) .
This version relaxes requirements on handshake messages to make it easier to implement with HTTP libraries , and introduces nonce - based challenge - response to protect from cross protocol attacks .
These changes make it incompatible with draft - hixie - thewebsocketprotocol - 75 ; a client implementation of - 75 ca n’t talk with a server implementation of - 76 , and vice versa .
Developers should be aware that starting from WebKit nightly build r59903 and Chrome 6.0.414.0 ( r47952 ) , the client will talk to a server using - 76 version of the protocol , so it will fail to open WebSocket connections with a WebSocket server based on draft - hixie - thewebsocketprotocol - 75 .
Since - 75 version of the protocol is obsoleted and no longer supported in future version of browsers , to support new clients you need to update the server implementation .
( Note that Chrome 5 uses - 75 version of protocol ) .
The WebSocket protocol is still actively being changed .
Until there is more consensus , we will continue to update our implementation to follow the latest draft of specification , rather than worrying about breaking changes .
We ’re more than happy to hear your feedback , and encourage you to file any bugs you find on our issue tracker
Posted by Fumitoshi Ukai ( 鵜飼文敏 ) , Software Engineer
Philosophy or pseudophilosophy that concerns what lies beyond metaphysics
Jarry in Alfortville
' Pataphysics ( also spelled without the apostrophe , pataphysics ; French : pataphysique ) is a difficult - to - define " philosophy " of science invented by French writer Alfred Jarry ( 1873 –1907 ) [ 1 ] intended to be a parody of science . [ 2 ]
Introduction [ edit ]
Pataphysics was a concept expressed by Jarry in a mock - scientific manner , with undertones of spoofing and quackery , as expounded in his novel Exploits and Opinions of Dr. Faustroll , Pataphysician .
Here , Jarry toyed with conventional concepts and interpretations of reality . [ 3 ]
Another attempt at a definition interprets ' pataphysics as an idea that " the virtual or imaginary nature of things as glimpsed by the heightened vision of poetry or science or love can be seized and lived as real " .
[ 1 ]
Jarry defines ' pataphysics in a number of statements and examples , including that it is " the science of imaginary solutions , which symbolically attributes the properties of objects , described by their virtuality , to their lineaments " . [ 4 ]
A practitioner of ' pataphysics is a pataphysician or a pataphysicist .
Definitions [ edit ]
One definition is that " pataphysics is a branch of philosophy or science that examines imaginary phenomena that exist in a world beyond metaphysics ; it is the science of imaginary solutions . " [ 5 ]
There are over one hundred definitions of ' pataphysics . [ 6 ]
Some examples are shown below .
Pataphysics is the science of that which is superinduced upon metaphysics , whether within or beyond the latter 's limitations , extending as far beyond metaphysics as the latter extends beyond physics .
... ' Pataphysics will be , above all , the science of the particular , despite the common opinion that the only science is that of the general .
' Pataphysics will examine the laws governing exceptions , and will explain the universe supplementary to this one . [ 4 ]
' Pataphysics is patient ; ' Pataphysics is benign ; ' Pataphysics envies nothing , is never distracted , never puffed up , it has neither aspirations nor seeks not its own , it is even - tempered , and thinks not evil ; it mocks not iniquity : it is enraptured with scientific truth ; it supports everything , believes everything , has faith in everything and upholds everything that is .[ 7 ] as cited in [ 6 ]
( A humorous allusion to First Corinthians 13 about the virtues of love . )
Pataphysics passes easily from one state of apparent definition to another .
Thus it can present itself under the aspect of a gas , a liquid or a solid . [ 8 ] as cited in [ 6 ]
Pataphysics " the science of the particular " does not , therefore , study the rules governing the general recurrence of a periodic incident ( the expected case ) so much as study the games governing the special occurrence of a sporadic accident ( the excepted case ) . [...]
Jarry performs humorously on behalf of literature what Nietzsche performs seriously on behalf of philosophy .
Both thinkers in effect attempt to dream up a " gay science " whose joie de vivre thrives wherever the tyranny of truth has increased our esteem for the lie and wherever the tyranny of reason has increased our esteem for the mad . [ 9 ]
Etymology [ edit ]
The word ' pataphysics is a contracted formation , derived from the Greek τὰ ἐπὶ τὰ μετα φ υ σ ικά ( tà epì tà metàphusiká ) , [ 4 ] a phrase or expression meaning " that which is above metaphysics " , and is itself a sly variation on the title of Aristotle 's Metaphysics , which in Greek is " τὰ μετὰ τὰ φ υσικά " ( ta meta ta physika ) .
Jarry mandated the inclusion of the apostrophe in the orthography , ' pataphysique and ' pataphysics , " ... to avoid a simple pun " .
[ 4 ]
The words pataphysician or pataphysicist and the adjective pataphysical should not include the apostrophe .
Only when consciously referring to Jarry 's science itself should the word ' pataphysics carry the apostrophe . [ 10 ]
The term pataphysics is a paronym ( considered a kind of pun in French ) of metaphysics .
Since the apostrophe in no way affects the meaning or pronunciation of pataphysics , this spelling of the term is a sly notation , to the reader , suggesting a variety of puns that listeners may hear , or be aware of .
These puns include patte à physique ( " physics paw " ) , as interpreted by Jarry scholars Keith Beaumont and Roger Shattuck , pas ta physique ( " not your physics " ) , and pâte à physique ( " physics paste " ) .
History [ edit ]
The term first appeared in print in the text of Alfred Jarry 's play Guignol in the 28 April 1893 issue of L'Écho de Paris littéraire illustré , but it has been suggested that the word has its origins in the same school pranks at the lycée in Rennes that led Jarry to write Ubu Roi . [ 11 ]
Jarry considered Ibicrates and Sophrotatos the Armenian as the fathers of this " science " . [ 12 ]
The Collège de ' Pataphysique [ edit ]
The Collège de ' Pataphysique , founded in 1948 in Paris , France , [ 13 ] is " a society committed to learned and inutilious research " . [ 14 ]
( The word ' inutilious ' is synonymous with ' useless ' . )
The motto of the college is Latin : Eadem mutata resurgo ( " I arise again the same though changed " ) .
The permanent head of the college is the Inamovable Curator , Dr. Faustroll , assisted by Bosse - de - Nage ( Starosta ) : both are fictional . [ 15 ]
The Vice - Curator is the " first and most senior living entity " in the college 's hierarchy . [ 16 ]
The current Vice - Curatrice is Tanya Peixoto [ 17 ] of the London Institute of ' Pataphysics and Bookartbookshop . [ 18 ]
She was elected in 2014 to succeed Her Magnificence Lutembi – a crocodile [ 19 ] [ 20 ] who succeeded Opach , [ 21 ] The Baron Mollet [ 22 ] and Doctor Sandomir . [ 23 ] [ 24 ]
Jean - Christophe Averty was appointed Satrap in 1990 .
Publications of the college , generally called Latin : Viridis Candela ( " green candle " ) , [ 25 ] include the Cahiers , Dossiers and the Subsidia Pataphysica . [ 26 ] [ 27 ]
Notable members have included Noël Arnaud , Jean - Christophe Averty , René Daumal , Luc Étienne , Latis , François Le Lionnais , Jean Lescure , Raymond Queneau , Boris Vian , Eugène Ionesco , Jacques Carelman , Joan Miró , Man Ray , Max Ernst , Julien Torma , Roger Shattuck , Groucho , Chico and Harpo Marx , Baron Jean Mollet , Philippe de Chérisey , Irénée Louis Sandomir , Opach , Marcel Duchamp , Rolando Villazón , Fernando Arrabal and Gavin Bryars . [ 28 ]
The Oulipo began as a subcommittee of the college . [ 29 ] [ 30 ]
Offshoots of the Collège de ' Pataphysique [ edit ]
Although France had been always the centre of the pataphysical globe , there are followers up in different cities around the world .
In 1966 Juan Esteban Fassio was commissioned to draw the map of the Collège de ' Pataphysique and its institutes abroad .
The college stopped its public activities between 1975 and 2000 , referred to as its occultation . [ 31 ] [ 32 ]
However through that time , Germany , Sweden , Switzerland , Canada , The Netherlands , and many other countries showed that the internationalization of ' pataphysics was irreversible .
In the 1950s , Buenos Aires in the Western Hemisphere and Milan in Europe were the first cities to have pataphysical institutes .
London , Edinburgh , Budapest , and Liège , as well as many other European cities , caught up in the sixties .
Czechoslovakia [ edit ]
During the communist era , a small group of ' pataphysicists in Czechoslovakia started a journal called PAKO , or Pataphysical Collegium . [ 33 ]
Jarry 's plays had a lasting impression on the country 's underground philosophical scene .
London Institute of ' Pataphysics [ edit ]
The London Institute of ' Pataphysics was established in September 2000 to promote ' pataphysics in the English - speaking world .
The institute has various publications , including a journal , and has six departments : [ 34 ]
Bureau for the Investigation of Subliminal Images , Committee for Hirsutism and Pogonotrophy , Department of Dogma and Theory , Department of Potassons , Department of Reconstructive Archaeology , and The Office of Patentry .
The institute also contains a pataphysical museum and archive and organised the Anthony Hancock Paintings and Sculptures exhibition in 2002 . [ 35 ]
The official orchestra of the London Institute of ' Pataphysics is the London Snorkelling Team .
Musée Patamécanique [ edit ]
Musée Patamécanique is a private museum located in Bristol , Rhode Island . [ 36 ]
Founded in 2006 , it is open by appointment only to friends , colleagues , and occasionally to outside observers .
The museum is presented as a hybrid between an automaton theater and a cabinet of curiosities and contains works representing the field of Patamechanics , an artistic practice and area of study chiefly inspired by ' Pataphysics .
Examples of exhibits include a troupe of singing animatronic Chipmunks , a time machine the museum claims is the world 's largest automated phenakistoscope , an olfactory clock , a chandelier of singing animatronic nightingales , an Undigestulator ( a device that purportedly reconstitutes digested foods ) , a peanuts enlarger , a syzygistic oracle , the earolin ( a 24 - inch tall holographic ear that plays the violin ) , and a machine for capturing the dreams of bumble bees . [ 37 ]
' Pataphysics Institute in Vilnius [ edit ]
A ' Pataphysics Institute opened in Vilnius , Lithuania in May 2013 . [ 38 ]
Concepts [ edit ]
Clinamen
A clinamen is the unpredictable swerve of atoms that Bök calls " ... the smallest possible aberration that can make the greatest possible difference " . [ 39 ]
An example is Jarry 's merdre , a swerve of French : merde ( " shit " ) . [ 40 ]
The Grand Gidouille on Ubu's belly is a symbol of ' pataphysics .
on Ubu's belly is a symbol of ' pataphysics .
Antinomy
An antinomy is the mutually incompatible .
It represents the duality of things , the echo or symmetry , the good and the evil at the same time .
Hugill mentions various examples including the plus minus , the faust - troll , the haldern - ablou , the yes - but , the ha- ha and the paradox . [ 41 ]
Syzygy
The syzygy originally comes from astronomy and denotes the alignment of three celestial bodies in a straight line .
In a pataphysical context it is the pun .
It usually describes a conjunction of things , something unexpected and surprising .
Serendipity is a simple chance encounter but the syzygy has a more scientific purpose .
Bök mentions
Jarry suggesting that the fall of a body towards a centre might not be preferable to the ascension of a vacuum towards a periphery . [ 42 ] [ 43 ]
Absolute
The absolute is the idea of a transcended reality . [ 44 ]
Anomaly
An anomaly represents the exception .
Jarry said that , " Pataphysics will examine the laws governing exceptions , and will explain the universe supplementary to this one . " [ 4 ]
Bök calls it " ... the repressed part of a rule which ensures that the rule does not work " . [ 45 ] [ 46 ]
Pataphor
A pataphor is an unusually extended metaphor based on ' pataphysics .
As Jarry claimed that ' pataphysics exists " ... as far from metaphysics as metaphysics extends from regular reality " , a pataphor attempts to create a figure of speech that exists as far from metaphor as metaphor exists from non-figurative language . [ 47 ]
Pataphysical calendar [ edit ]
The pataphysical calendar [ 48 ] is a variation of the Gregorian calendar .
The Collège de ' Pataphysique created the calendar [ 49 ] in 1949 . [ 50 ]
The pataphysical era ( E.P. ) started on Jarry 's birthday , 8 September 1873 vulg .
When converting pataphysical dates to Gregorian dates , the appendage ( vulg. ) for vulgate ( " common " ) is added . [ 50 ]
The week starts on a Sunday .
Every 1st , 8th , 15th and 22nd is a Sunday and every 13th day of a month falls on a Friday ( see Friday the 13th ) .
Each day is assigned a specific name or saint .
For example , the 27 Haha ( 1 November vulg . ) is called French : Occultation d'Alfred Jarry or the 14 Sable ( 14 December vulg . ) is the day of French : Don Quichote , champion du monde . [ 51 ]
The year has a total of 13 months each with 29 days .
The 29th day of each month is imaginary with two exceptions : [ 51 ]
the 29 Gidouille ( 13 July vulg . ) is always non-imaginary
the 29 Gueules ( 23 February vulg . ) is non-imaginary during leap years
The table below shows the names and order of months in a pataphysical year with their corresponding Gregorian dates and approximate translations or meanings by Hugill . [ 50 ]
Pataphysical year Month Starts Ends Translation Absolu 8 September 5 October Absolute Haha 6 October 2 November Ha Ha As 3 November 30 November Skiff Sable 1 December 28 December Sand or heraldic black Décervelage 29 December 25 January Debraining Gueules 26 January 22/23 February Heraldic red or gob Pédale 23 / 24 February 22 March Bicycle pedal Clinamen 23 March 19 April Swerve Palotin 20 April 17 May Ubu's henchmen Merdre 18 May 14 June Pshit Gidouille 15 June 13 July Spiral Tatane 14 July 10 August Shoe or being worn out Phalle 11 August 7 September Phallus
For example :
8 September 1873 ( vulg . ) = 1 Absolu 1
1 January 2000 ( vulg . ) = 4 Décervelage 127
10 November 2012 ( vulg . ) ( Saturday ) = 8 As 140 ( Sunday )
Works influenced by ' Pataphysics [ edit ]
In the 1960s ' pataphysics was used as a conceptual principle within various fine art forms , especially pop art and popular culture .
Works within the pataphysical tradition tend to focus on the processes of their creation , and elements of chance or arbitrary choices are frequently key in those processes .
Select pieces from the artist Marcel Duchamp [ 52 ] and the composer John Cage [ 53 ] characterize this .
At around this time , Asger Jorn , a pataphysician and member of the Situationist International , referred to ' pataphysics as a new religion . [ 54 ]
In literature [ edit ]
In music [ edit ]
In visual art [ edit ]
In online fiction [ edit ]
The SCP Foundation has multiple articles referencing pataphysical concepts , such as SCP - 2747 ( " As below , so above " ) . [ original research ? ]
In architecture [ edit ]
Le Corbusier developed an interest in Jarry 's work . [ citation needed ]
Pataphor [ edit ]
The pataphor ( Spanish : patáfora , French : pataphore ) , is a term coined by writer and musician Pablo Lopez , for an unusually extended metaphor based on Alfred Jarry 's " science " of ' pataphysics ' . [ 62 ] [ 63 ]
As Jarry claimed that ' pataphysics existed " ... as far from metaphysics as metaphysics extends from regular reality " , a pataphor attempts to create a figure of speech that exists as far from metaphor as metaphor exists from non-figurative language .
Whereas a metaphor compares a real object or event to a seemingly unrelated subject to emphasize their similarities , the pataphor uses the newly created metaphorical similarity as a reality on which to base itself .
In going beyond mere ornamentation of the original idea , the pataphor seeks to describe a new and separate world , in which an idea or aspect has taken on a life of its own . [ 64 ] [ 65 ]
Like ' pataphysics itself , pataphors essentially describe two degrees of separation from reality ( rather than merely one degree of separation , which is the world of metaphors and metaphysics ) .
The pataphor may also be said to function as a critical tool , describing the world of " assumptions based on assumptions " — such as belief systems or rhetoric run amok .
The following is an example .
Non-figurative : Tom and Alice stood side by side in the lunch line .
Metaphor : Tom and Alice stood side by side in the lunch line , two pieces positioned on a chessboard .
Pataphor :
Tom took a step closer to Alice and made a date for Friday night , checkmating .
Rudy was furious at losing to Margaret so easily and dumped the board on the rose - colored quilt , stomping downstairs . [ 66 ]
Thus , the pataphor has created a world where the chessboard exists , including the characters who live in that world , entirely abandoning the original context . [ 66 ]
The pataphor has been subject to commercial interpretations , [ 67 ] usage in speculative computer applications , [ 68 ] applied to highly imaginative problem solving methods [ 69 ] and even politics on the international level [ 70 ] or theatre The Firesign Theatre ( a comedy troupe whose jokes often rely on pataphors ) .
There is a band called Pataphor [ 71 ] and an interactive fiction in the Interactive Fiction Database called " PataNoir " , based on pataphors . [ 72 ] [ 73 ]
Pataphor is used by the Writer 's Program at the University of North Florida . [ 63 ] and has appeared in works affiliated with the Maria Curie - Skłodowska University . [ 74 ]
Pataphors have been the subject of art exhibits , as in Tara Strickstein 's 2010 " Pataphor " exhibit at Next Art Fair / Art Chicago , [ 75 ] other artworks , [ 76 ] and architectural works . [ 77 ]
Pataphors have also been used in literary criticism , [ 78 ] and mentioned in Art in America . [ 79 ]
There is also a book of pataphorical art called Pataphor by Dutch artist Hidde van Schie . [ 80 ]
It is worth noting that a pataphor is not the traditional metaphorical conceit but rather a set of metaphors built upon an initial metaphor , obscuring its own origin rather than reiterating the same analogy in myriad ways .[ original research ? ]
In The Disappearance of Literature : Blanchot , Agamben , and the Writers of the No [ 81 ] , Aaron Hillyer writes : " While metaphysics and metaphors attain one degree of separation from reality , pataphors and pataphysics move beyond by two degrees .
This allows an idea to assume its own life , a sort of plasticity freed from the harness of rigid representation .
In other words , metaphors operate on the level of the same .
They juxtapose apparently unrelated material in order to draw out subtle identities .
Pataphors unsettle this mechanism ; they use the facade of metaphorical similarity as a basis for establishing an entirely new range of references and outlandish articulations : a new world in the midst of the old , the novel taking to the streets .
Just as Kafka sought to forge a new form of life on the basis of absolute separation from historical progress , on cultural ' intransmissibility ' , and just as Blanchot pursued the ' pure novel ' that exists in a relationship of absolute refusal of the established world , so the pataphysician seeks to initiate a new world on the grounds of a tenuous unreality . "
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
Bloomsbury Academic , 2015 .
ISBN 978-1-5013-0680 -8 .
Sen . Robert Byrd , the longest - serving member of Congress , was admitted to a Washington - area hospital last week and is considered " seriously ill , " according to a statement released today by his office .
Byrd , 92 , was admitted to the hospital after " suffering from what was believed to be heat exhaustion and severe dehydration as a result of the extreme temperatures , " according to the statement .
" However , upon further examination by his doctors , other conditions have developed which has resulted in his condition being described as ' serious . ' "
In November , Byrd broke the record for congressional service that had been set by Democrat Carl Hayden of Arizona , who served in the House and Senate from 1912 to 1969 , according to the Associated Press .
Byrd began his career in Washington in 1952 with his election to the House .
His elevation to the Senate came six years later .
Updated at 3:52 p.m. ET : Byrd , a Democrat , spent several weeks in the hospital in June 2009 for an infection .
At the time , Democratic Sen. Jay Rockefeller , also from West Virginia , described Byrd 's health as frail but said Byrd was able to attend key votes in the Senate .
Depending on Byrd 's prognosis , that may be more difficult this time .
This coming week is the last work period before the Senate goes on a week - long break for the July 4 holiday .
Senate Democrats hope to move their financial regulation legislation to a final vote before the break .
( Posted by John Fritze )
The last we heard from Litl , the startup was introducing its first product , a “ webbook ” meant to change Web - browsing into a lean - back , communal experience , much like TV .
But now , the company is taking the logical next step :
In an exclusive interview with FastCompany.com , Litl ’s CEO , John Chuang previewed their next product , a device which will transform your TV into a Web browser .
“ The TV ’s a great device , ” says Chuang .
“ But it ’s not built for computer content , and computer content is designed for a personal experience .
We wanted to put our OS on a TV , and create a new generation of Web apps for TV that offer group experiences . ”
Set for release in the first quarter of 2011 , the device , which like the Litl webbook was designed by Yves Behar ’s Fuseproject , has two basic components : A box , housing the OS software , that connects to the Web and feeds Internet content to the TV via HDMI ; and a remote ( picture at top ) .
The remote has two modes :
The top is a touchscreen that lets you change Web channels and call up apps ; that interface can also slide away to reveal a keyboard about the size of a smartphone .
Users will then be able to toggle between their cable box , for standard TV content , and the Litl device , for Web - based content .
The real innovation will lie in the OS .
“ It ’s going to finally give you a good Web browsing , computer experience on the TV , ” says Chuang .
He points out that computers , where we get all our Web content today , were designed to be experienced from arm ’s length .
“ When you ’re leaning back on a couch , those OS ’s do n’t work .
So we ’ve rethought how the browsing experience could work on a couch , at 10 feet away .
What we really want to deliver is an excellent Web experience on TV , which does n’t exist yet . ”
Image caption Santa Rosa lies in a monastery in Viterbo near Rome
Researchers have used X - ray techniques to uncover the cause of death of a 700 - year - old Italian saint .
Santa Rosa - who died when she was 18 or 19 years old - was most likely killed by a blood clot in the heart , say the Italian research team .
It is said the 13th Century saint had miraculous powers that allowed her to raise someone from the dead and to survive the flames of a burning pyre .
Her mummified remains are conserved in a monastery near Rome .
Santa Rosa is one of the most important saints in the Roman Catholic Church and is revered by thousands of people Professor Ruggero D'Anastasio
The research team had been asked in 1995 to carry out some preservation work on the body , which was showing signs of damage .
As part of the restoration work , they were able to take X - rays using a mobile device .
Rare condition
Historical records suggested she may have died of tuberculosis , the researchers said , but they found no evidence she had the infection .
What they did find was that she had Cantrell 's syndrome - a rare condition causing defects in the heart and surrounding tissues .
Now an X - ray of the heart has shown a dark area suggestive of a probably fatal blockage , according to a report published in The Lancet .
Study leader Professor Ruggero D'Anastasio said : " Santa Rosa is one of the most important saints in the Roman Catholic Church and is revered by thousands of people .
" In the future we hope to analyse the heart with more modern technologies . "
OLOIBIRI , Nigeria ( Reuters ) -
When foreign oil explorers first arrived in his remote Nigerian village , Sunday Inengite Ikpesu welcomed them with open arms thinking they were here to expand the community ’s palm oil trade .
Firemen try to extinguish a fire at the scene of an explosion after fuel tankers caught fire in flames at a commercial truck garage in Apapa district in Nigeria 's commercial capital of Lagos May 25 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Akintunde Akinleye
More than 50 years later , the frail 75 - year - old chief of Oloibiri still regrets his naivety .
“ They told the elders they were looking for oil .
We were excited because we thought it was palm oil , ” Ikpesu said sitting on his porch in his simple one - storey home close to where Shell D’Arcy , the predecessor to today ’s Shell Nigeria , drilled the country ’s first oil well in 1956 .
“ Our happiness later turned into sorrow when we saw the oil spills . ”
After five decades of widespread pollution , corruption and conflict , Nigeria ’s oil saga offers countless lessons of what not to do as a major energy producer .
The OPEC member has seen over 2,400 oil spills since 2006 , many of them left to fester in the creeks of the Niger Delta .
Its oil - stained waterways and devastated fishing stocks offer a stark warning for the United States as it tries to clean up its worst ever oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
Millions of gallons of oil have poured in the U.S. Gulf since an April 20 offshore rig blast killed 11 workers and blew out a BP well .
The spill has soiled 120 miles ( 190 km ) of U.S. coastline , imperilled multi-billion dollar fishing and tourism industries and killed birds , sea turtles and dolphins .
Shell ’s chairman in Nigeria , Mutiu Sunmonu , told Reuters comparing the Niger Delta to the Gulf of Mexico was unfair , pointing out the majority of spills in Nigeria are caused by sabotage and oil thieves tapping into pipelines .
The Anglo - Dutch firm says it is committed to cleaning up spills whatever their cause , but says armed gangs and even local communities sometimes prevent it reaching spill sites .
HISTORY LESSON
Studying Nigeria ’s oil history also provides cautionary tales for newer oil producers , like fellow West African nation Ghana , that are hoping to prevent the natural resource from becoming a curse for their own economies .
Standard Bank has estimated the Nigerian government received a nominal $ 436 billion ( 294 billion pounds ) in direct hydrocarbon revenues and taxes between 1970 and 2007 , or around $ 1.2 trillion in today ’s money .
But decades of government mismanagement and corruption have lined the pockets of a small elite , while the vast majority of Nigeria ’s 140 million people survive on less than $ 2 a day .
“ We regret it .
Now we come to understand oil is so important , ” Ikpesu said , his voice growing louder .
“ If given the power ... to bring in the companies that have sucked us dry , I would n’t mind killing everybody like they killed our people with their pollution , ” he shouted .
COCOYAMS , HAND FISHING
Before the discovery of oil , cocoyams in Oloibiri were as big as a child ’s arm and villagers could catch fish with their bare hands in the local pond , according to the local priest .
“ If you go into the bush , our ponds are no longer holding fish .
The area with palm oil is no longer yielding , ” said Rev. Sunny Ikobho .
“ This is because of this crude oil . ”
The remote village , located within a 40 - minute drive from the Bayelsa state capital of Yenagoa , shows little evidence that it was once the main centre of oil production in Africa .
At the side of the road to Oloibiri , a simple black stained sign says “ Oloibiri Well , drilled June 1956 , 12,008 feet ” , marking the spot where oil was first discovered in Africa ’s most populous country .
Output from the well stopped decades ago .
Most of the buildings are small one or two - storey homes with corrugated roofs , while roads are dotted with gigantic potholes .
Mains electricity is unreliable and so is the water supply .
“ We did n’t get any of the ( oil ) profits , we did n’t get anything , ” Goodnews Ngieri , a 74 - year - old farmer , said wearing a tattered old shirt with torn jeans .
“ This is why you see the place like it is . ”
This is a companion post to Transforming the Three Poisons : Greed , Hatred , and Delusion .
The Three Poisons are not just an individual problem .
They affect every aspect of society and all our institutions .
This brilliant article by Zen teacher Dr. David Loy explores how we can skillfully deal with the collective manifestations of greed , ill will , and delusion , which cause so much suffering in the world .
THE THREE INSTITUTIONAL POISONS
Challenging Collective Greed , Ill Will & Delusion
by David R. Loy
“ Our present economic system institutionalizes greed ,
our militarism institutionalizes ill will ,
and our corporate media institutionalize delusion . ”
The historical Buddha Shakyamuni lived at least 2,400 years ago .
Buddhism began as an Iron Age religion , and all its important teachings are pre-modern .
So can Buddhism really help us understand and respond to contemporary social problems such as economic globalization and biotechnology , war and terrorism ( and the war on terrorism ) , climate change and other ecological crises ?
The Buddha Understood Dukkha
What the Buddha did understand is human dukkha : how it works , what causes it , and how to end it .
Dukkha is usually translated as “ suffering , ” but the point of dukkha is that even those who are wealthy and healthy experience a basic dissatisfaction , a dis-ease , which continually festers .
That we find life dissatisfactory , one damn problem after another , is not accidental , because it is the nature of our unawakened minds to be bothered about something .
According to Pali Buddhism , there are three types of dukkha .
Everything we usually identify as physical and mental suffering — including being separated from those we want to be with , and being stuck with those we do n’t want to be with — is included in the first type of dukkha .
The second type is the dukkha due to impermanence : the realization that , although I might be enjoying an ice cream cone right now , it will soon be finished .
The best example is our awareness of death , which haunts our appreciation of life .
Knowing that death is inevitable casts a shadow that usually hinders our ability to live fully and live now .
The third type of dukkha is more difficult to understand .
It is dukkha due to “ conditioned states , ” which is a reference to anattā ( non-self ) .
My deepest frustration is caused by my sense of being a self that is separate from the world I am in .
This sense of separation is illusory — in fact , it is our most dangerous delusion .
A modern way to express this truth is that the ego - self has no reality of its own because it is a psycho- social - linguistic construct .
This fact is very important because it allows for the possibility of a deconstruction and a reconstruction — which is what the spiritual path is about .
We are prompted to undertake such a spiritual quest because our lack of reality is normally experienced as an uncomfortable hole or emptiness at our very core .
We feel this problem as a sense of inadequacy , of lack , which is a source of continual frustration because it is never resolved .
In compensation , we usually spend our lives trying to accomplish things that we think will make us more real .
But no matter how hard I try , my anxious sense - of - self can never become a real self .
The tendency is to identify with and become attached to something in the world , in the belief that it can make me feel whole and complete .
“ If I can get enough money … if I become famous … if I find the right lover … ” and so forth .
None of these attempts succeeds , however , because the basic problem is spiritual and thus requires a spiritual solution : realizing the true nature of the emptiness at my core , which transforms that core and enables me to stop clinging .
What About Collective Dukkha and Collective Karma ?
But what about collective selves ?
Do n’t we also have a group sense of separation between ourselves “ inside ” and the rest of the world “ outside ” ?
We Americans ( Japanese , Chinese , etc. ) here are separate from other people over there .
Our country ( culture , religion , etc. ) is better than their country .
This insight has a startling if uncomfortable implication .
If my individual sense of self is the basic source of my dukkha because I can never feel secure enough , what about collective senses of self ?
Is there such a thing as collective dukkha ?
Collective karma ?
In fact , many of our social problems can be traced back to such a group ego , when we identify with our own gender , race , nation , religion , etc. , and discriminate our own group from another group .
It is ironic that institutionalized religion often reinforces this discrimination because religion at its best encourages us to subvert such problematic dualisms between self and other .
In contrast , Buddhist nondiscrimination does not involve privileging us over them .
Selflessness provides the foundation for Buddhist social action , too .
In some ways , however , our situation today has become quite different from that of Shakyamuni Buddha .
Today we have not only much more powerful scientific technologies but also much more powerful social institutions .
The Three Roots of Evil , Institutionalized
The problem with modern institutions is that they tend to take on a life of their own as new types of collective ego .
Consider , for example , how a big corporation works .
Even if the CEO of a transnational company wants to be socially responsible , he or she is limited by the expectations of stockholders .
If profits are threatened by his sensitivity to environmental concerns , he is likely to lose his job .
Such corporations are new forms of impersonal collective self , which are very good at preserving themselves and increasing their power , quite apart from the personal motivations of the individuals who serve them .
There is another Buddhist principle that can help us understand this connection between collective selves and collective dukkha : the three unwholesome roots , also known as the three poisons — greed , ill will , and delusion .
The Buddhist understanding of karma emphasizes the role of intentions , because one ’s sense of self is composed largely of habitual intentions and the habitual actions that follow from them .
Instead of emphasizing the duality between good and evil , Buddhism distinguishes between wholesome and unwholesome ( kusala / akusala ) tendencies .
Negative motivations reinforce the sense of separation between myself and others .
That is why they need to be transformed into their more wholesome and nondual counterparts : greed into generosity , ill will into loving - kindness , and delusion into wisdom .
This brings us to a very important question for socially engaged Buddhism : do the three poisons also operate collectively ?
If there are collective selves , does that mean there is also collective greed , collective ill will , and collective delusion ?
The short answer , I believe , is yes .
Our present economic system institutionalizes greed , our militarism institutionalizes ill will , and our corporate media institutionalize delusion .
To repeat , the problem is not only that the three poisons operate collectively but that they have become institutionalized , with a life of their own .
Today it is crucial for us to wake up and face the implications of these three institutional poisons .
Institutionalized Greed
Despite all its benefits , our present economic system institutionalizes greed in at least two ways : corporations are never profitable enough , and people never consume enough .
To increase profits , we must be conditioned into finding the meaning of our lives through buying and consuming .
Consider how the stock market works .
It tends to function as an ethical “ black hole ” that dilutes responsibility for the actual consequences of the collective greed now fueling economic growth .
On one side of that hole , investors want increasing returns in the form of dividends and higher share prices .
That ’s all most of them care about , or need to care about — not because investors are bad people , but because the system does n’t encourage any other kind of responsibility .
On the other side of the black hole , however , this generalized expectation translates into an impersonal but constant pressure for profitability and growth , preferably in the short run .
The globalization of corporate capitalism means that such emphasis on profitability and growth are becoming increasingly important as the engine of the world ’s economic activity .
Everything else , including the environment and quality of life , tends to become subordinated to this anonymous demand for ever - more profit and growth , a goal that can never be satisfied .
Who is responsible for the pressure for growth ?
That ’s the point : the system has attained a life of its own .
We all participate in this process , as workers , employers , consumers , investors , and pensioners , with little if any personal sense of moral responsibility for what happens .
Such awareness has been diffused so completely that it is lost in the impersonal anonymity of the corporate economic system .
In short , greed has been thoroughly institutionalized .
Institutionalized Ill Will
Militarism continues to plague the modern world .
The United States has been an increasingly militarized society since World War II .
In the twentieth century at least 105 million people , and perhaps as many as 170 million , were killed in war — most of them non-combatants .
Global military expenditures , including the arms trade , amounted to the world ’s largest expenditure in 2005 : over a trillion dollars , almost half spent by the U.S. alone .
To put this into perspective , the United Nations including all of its agencies and funds spends about $ 10 billion a year .
From a Buddhist perspective , the “ war on terror ” looks like an Abrahamic civil war .
Despite being on opposite sides , George W. Bush and Osama bin Laden share a similar understanding about the struggle between good and evil , and the need to destroy evil .
Ironically , however , one of the main causes of evil historically has been the attempt to get rid of evil .
Hitler , Stalin and Mao were all attempting to purify humanity by eliminating its negative elements ( Jews , kulaks , landlords ) .
Most recently , the second Iraq War , based on lies and propaganda , has obviously been a disaster , and the war on terror has been making all of us less secure , because every “ terrorist ” we kill or torture leaves many grieving relatives and outraged friends .
Terrorism cannot be destroyed militarily because it is a tactic , not an enemy .
If war is the terrorism of the rich , terrorism is the war of the poor and disempowered .
We must find other , non- militaristic ways to address its root causes .
Institutionalized Delusion
Buddhism is literally “ wake - up- ism , ” which implies that we are usually dreaming .
How so ?
Each of us lives inside an individual bubble of delusions , which distorts our perceptions and expectations .
Buddhist are familiar with this problem , but we also dwell together within a much bigger bubble that largely determines how we collectively understand the world and ourselves .
The institution most responsible for moulding our collective sense of self is the media , which have become our “ group nervous system . ”
Genuine democracy requires an independent and activist press , to expose abuse and discuss political issues .
In the process of becoming mega - corporations , however , the major media have abandoned all but the pretense of objectivity .
Since they are profit - making institutions whose bottom line is advertising revenue , their main concern has to do with whatever maximizes those profits .
It is never in their own interest to question the grip of consumerism .
Thanks to clever advertisements , my son can learn to crave Nike shoes and Gap shirts without ever wondering about how they are made .
I can satisfy my coffee and chocolate cravings without any awareness of the social conditions of the farmers who grow those commodities for me , and , even more disturbingly , without any consciousness of what is happening to the biosphere : global warming , disappearing rainforests , species extinction , and so forth .
An important part of genuine education is realizing that many of the things we think are natural and inevitable ( and therefore should accept ) are in fact conditioned ( and therefore can be changed ) .
The world does n’t need to be the way it is : there are many other possibilities .
The present role of the media , however , is to foreclose most of those possibilities by confining public awareness and discussion within narrow limits .
With few exceptions , the world ’s developed ( or “ economized ” ) societies are now dominated by a power elite composed of the government and big corporations , including the major media .
People move seamlessly from each of these institutions to the other , because there is little difference in their world view or their goals , which is primarily economic expansion .
Politics remain “ the shadow cast by big business over society , ” as John Dewey put it a long time ago .
The role of the media in this unholy alliance is to “ normalize ” this situation , so that we accept it and continue to perform our roles , especially the frenzied consumption necessary to keep the economy growing .
Realizing the nature of these three institutional poisons is just as spiritual and just as important as any personal realization we might have as a result of Buddhist practice .
In fact , any individual awakening we may have on our meditation cushions remains incomplete until it is supplemented by such a “ social awakening . ”
Usually we think of expanded consciousness in individual terms , but today we must dispel the bubble of group delusion to attain greater understanding of dualistic social , economic , and ecological realities .
If this parallel between individual dukkha and collective dukkha holds , it is difficult to avoid the conclusion that the great social , economic and ecological crises of our day are also spiritual challenges , which therefore call for a response that must also have a spiritual component .
A Buddhist Solution ?
So much for the problems , from a Buddhist perspective .
What can Buddhism say about the solution to them ?
We can envision the solution to social dukkha as a society that does not institutionalize greed , ill will or delusion .
In their place , what might be called a dharmic society would have institutions encouraging generosity and compassion , grounded in a wisdom that recognizes our inter-connectedness .
So far , so good , but that approach does not take us very far .
Is a reformed capitalism consistent with a dharmic society , or do we need altogether different kinds of economic institutions ?
How can our world de- militarize ?
Can representative democracy be revitalized by stricter controls on campaigns and lobbying , or do we need a more participatory and decentralized political system ?
Should newspapers and television stations be nonprofit or more carefully regulated ?
Can the United Nations be transformed into the kind of international organization the world needs , or does an emerging global community call for something different ?
I do not think that Buddhism has the answers to these questions .
There is no magic formula to be invoked .
The solutions are not to be found , they are to be worked out together .
This is a challenging task but not an insuperable one , if men and women of good will can find a way to work together , without the deformations of pressure groups defending special privileges .
Needless to say , that is not an easy condition to achieve , and it reminds us of the transformative role of personal spirituality , which works to develop men and women of good will .
But Buddhist principles can contribute to the development of solutions .
For example :
The Importance of a Personal Spiritual Practice
The basis of Buddhist social engagement is the need to work on oneself as well as on the social system .
Why have so many revolutions and reform movements ended up merely replacing one gang of thugs with another ?
If we have not begun to transform our own greed , ill - will and delusion , our efforts to address their institutionalized forms are likely to be useless , or worse .
If I do not struggle with the greed inside myself , it is quite likely that , if I gain power , I too will be inclined to take advantage of the situation to serve my own interests .
If I do not acknowledge the ill will in my own heart as my own problem , I am likely to project my anger onto those who obstruct my purposes .
If unaware that my own sense of duality is a dangerous delusion , I will understand the problem of social change as the need for me to dominate the sociopolitical order .
Add a conviction of my good intentions , along with my superior understanding of the situation , and one has a recipe for social as well as personal disaster .
Commitment to Non-violence
A nonviolent approach is implied by our nonduality with “ others , ” including those we may be struggling against .
Means and ends can not be separated .
Peace is not only the goal : it must also be the way .
We ourselves must be the peace we want to create .
A Buddhist awakening reduces our sense of duality from those who have power over us .
Gandhi , for example , always treated the British authorities in India with respect .
He never tried to dehumanize them , which is one reason why he was successful .
The Buddhist emphasis on delusion provides an important guideline here : the nastier another person is , the more he or she is acting out of ignorance and dukkha .
The basic problem is delusion , not evil .
If so , the basic solution must involve wisdom and insight , not good destroying evil .
On Awakening Together
Social engagement is not about sacrificing our own happiness to help unfortunate others who are suffering .
That just reinforces a self - defeating ( and self - exhausting ) dualism between us and them .
Rather , we join together to improve the situation for all of us .
As an aboriginal woman put it , “ If you have come here to help me , you are wasting your time .
But if you have come because your liberation is tied up with mine , then let us work together . ”
The point of the bodhisattva path is that none of us can be fully awakened until everyone “ else ” is , too .
The critical world situation today means that sometimes bodhisattvas need to manifest their compassion in more politically engaged ways .
To sum up , what is distinctively Buddhist about socially engaged Buddhism ?
Emphasis on the social dukkha promoted by group - selves as well as by ego - selves .
The three collective poisons of institutionalized greed , institutionalized ill will and institutionalized delusion .
The importance of personal spiritual practice , commitment to non-violence , and the realization that ending our own dukkha requires us to address the dukkha of others as well .
Present power elites and institutions have shown themselves incapable of addressing the various crises that now threaten humanity and the future of the biosphere .
It has become obvious that those elites are themselves a large part of the problem , and that the solutions will need to come from somewhere else .
Perhaps a socially - awakened Buddhism can play a role in that transformation .
If Buddhists do not ( or cannot ) participate in this transformation , then perhaps Buddhism is not the spiritual path that the world needs today .
David Loy is professor of religion / ethics and society at Xavier University and is the author of several books .
He is a longtime student of Zen and is qualified as a Zen teacher in the Sanbo Kyodan lineage .
Click this link ( below ) to download this entire article in its original PDF format from the Insight Meditation Journal :
The Three Institutional Poisons by David R. Loy
♥♥♥
37.871593 -122.272747
Washington ( CNN ) -- President Barack Obama on Wednesday ordered executive - branch agencies to extend to employees ' same - sex partners the same benefits provided to their opposite - sex partners , to the extent allowed by law .
The move followed up on Obama 's memorandum last year that extended some benefits to same - sex partners of government workers and ordered federal agencies to review additional benefits that also could be available under existing laws .
" That process has now concluded , and I am proud to announce that earlier today , I signed a memorandum that requires executive agencies to take immediate action to extend to the same - sex domestic partners of federal employees a number of meaningful benefits , from family assistance services to hardship transfers to relocation expenses , " Obama said in a statement .
Since taking office in January 2009 , Obama has called for the repeal of the " do n't ask , do n't tell " policy that bans openly gay and lesbian soldiers from military service .
Under criticism from gay rights activists for a lack of progress on the issue , congressional Democrats pushed for legislative action that led to a recent compromise with the White House and the Pentagon on a conditional repeal once the military completes a review on how to implement the change .
The compromise language has passed the House and the Senate Armed Services Committee , with a full Senate vote expected in coming weeks .
The president also has urged Congress to pass the Domestic Partners Benefit and Obligations Act , which would extend family benefits now available to heterosexual federal workers to gay and lesbian federal workers as well .
Pan Fried Cajun Chickpeas
1.4 K shares 14
1
210
A tasty way to serve garbanzo beans as a snack or appetizer – Pan Fried Cajun Chickpeas are highly addicting and very easy to make .
You seriously must try these .
Over the weekend I was introduced to these Cajun Fried Chickpeas .
I was at a birthday party where a mom friend mentioned her addiction to “ fried chickpeas ” … hmmm … sounded good to me .
When she told me how she made them I was instantly intrigued .
Why have n’t I thought to do this myself ?
It ’s so simple people … and these babies make the best snack , appetizer or even better , topping for a salad ( which I experienced for lunch today – holy yum ! ) .
I seasoned them up with a cajun seasoning I had on hand , but I ’m thinking the sky is the limit as far as these go .
I may have to play around with some ideas …
To prepare the chickpeas you lightly dust them in seasoned flour then saute them in a little bit of olive oil in a hot pan till they get nice and crispy .
That ’s it .
Oh and sprinkle a little sea salt over them when they are done .
Seriously addicting .
Thank you so much for sharing Juliet !
Print Recipe Pan Fried Cajun Chickpeas Yield : about 4 snack servings
Ingredients : 1 can chickpeas ( I like to use Bush 's Garbanzo Beans )
2 - 3 tsp flour
2 - 3 tsp Cajun seasoning
2 - 3 TB olive oil
sea salt , to taste Directions : Rinse and dry chickpeas on paper towel .
Be sure to dry completely .
Heat oil in a non stick skillet over medium high heat .
Combine flour and seasoning in a small bowl or plate .
Roll chickpeas in seasoned flour until lightly dusted .
Carefully add chickpeas to skillet , in batches , cooking for a few minutes before gently tossing them around in pan .
Cook chickpeas until they look crisp and lightly browned .
Remove from pan and serve warm .
Follow AggiesKitchen on Instagram and show us what recipes you are making from the blog !
Use the hashtag #aggieskitchen - I 'd love to see what you are cooking up !
I love adding chickpeas to my dishes – here are more recipes using chickpeas :
Whole Wheat Spaghetti with Sauteed Chickpeas and Spinach
Chickpea Cakes with Cucumber – Yogurt Sauce
Chickpea Tikka Masala | Foodie With Family
General Tso ’s Chickpeas | Well Plated
Kale Salad with Butternut Squash , Chickpeas and Tahini Dressing | Foodiecrush
1.4 K shares 14
1
210
Many have fretted that oil from the spill in the Gulf of Mexico could spread to the Florida Keys and then northward up the Atlantic .
Now , the National Center for Atmospheric Research in Boulder , Colo . has come up with some computer modeling suggesting that the spill could extend along thousands of miles up the Atlantic coast as early as this summer .
The researchers at the center , a national lab sponsored by the National Science Foundation , stressed that their study was not a forecast and had not undergone scientific peer review .
But they said their computer simulations offered a likely pathway for the dispersal of the oil if it entered the gulf ’s so - called loop current , which circulates the waters in a clockwise pattern .
They said the current could propel the oil to Florida ’s Atlantic coast within weeks , with the spill spreading as far north as Cape Hatteras in North Carolina by July or August before turning east .
The scientists used a dye tracer in a computer model to simulate how a liquid released at the spill site would disperse and circulate based on the best understanding of how ocean currents transport material under typical wind conditions .
William G. Large , director of climate and global dynamics at the center , said the timing of the spread of oil , whether as a thin film on the surface or mostly subsurface , would vary according to weather conditions and the state of the loop current , which he said was highly unpredictable .
The oil so far has washed ashore in Louisiana , Mississippi and Alabama , but officials along the eastern seaboard are watching developments closely .
Even as far north as New Jersey , environmental protection officials have formed a special gulf spill response team to monitor the situation and develop a response plan .
These charts are 2 of the original dubbing charts for The Shining , done by Gordon Stainforth .
They are the rough charts for reel numbers 14 & 15 .
On the left of each chart , you can read the particular scene that correlates with the music .
In certain cases , phrases were used on the charts instead of the actual song title , such as " twittering . "
The numbers shown are the footages ( the foot number within the particular reel ) .
The first chart is the second version of reel # 14 .
The spidery writing in black and blue is that of Stanley Kubrick , written during a test - run in the dubbing theater .
The second chart is of reel # 15 .
This chart shows the complexity of the soundtrack at the very end of the film as Jack is chasing Danny in the hedge - maze and Wendy encounters the ghosts in the Overlook .
About The Author I am a web designer and developer from India .
I have deep interests in computer science , art , math and astrophysics in - spite of the fact that I graduated as a … More about Adit Gupta …
Designing The “ World Of Programming ” Infographic
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
Information graphics ( or infographics ) are used to display information in ways that are more creative than plain old text .
These days , they surround us in the media , published works , road signs and manuals .
Lately , the Internet has been flooded with infographics on various topics , ranging from science and technology to society and culture .
In this article , we ’ll look at the process of designing an infographic about programming .
What the Infographic Shows
This infographic exhibits pioneers in the field of programming , along with the history and current statistics of various programming languages .
Also included are some random facts and algorithm diagrams to make the infographic more visually appealing .
Click on the image to enlarge .
Large resolution view ( .jpg , 2 Mb )
Fewness Of Words
All of the pioneers in this infographic have had a big impact on the field of programming .
Still , this list is in no way comprehensive .
Programming languages like C , C++ and Java have shaped the programming world , and so including their creators here was essential .
The same goes for pioneers such as Ken Thompson , Richard Stallman and Linus Torvalds , who have each made significant contributions to the open - source world .
You might also notice that some important algorithms — such as dynamic programming , brute force and hash tables — are missing .
The reason is that explaining these algorithms in a single diagram is difficult .
Hence , they were replaced with ones like insertion sort and merge sort , which are relatively simpler to explain .
Eight Queens and N - puzzle have often been used as illustrative problems for various programming techniques , and so they , too , are included here .
Designing The Infographic
Infographics are visual representations of information , data and knowledge .
So , layout , color and typography are critical to user comprehension .
Let ’s consider each of these in turn .
Layout
Given the available information , I decided to divide the infographic into three major sections :
The most important people in the history of programming , A timeline of the history of programming , Statistics on programming languages .
The goal was to make the infographic simple yet beautiful .
I came up with the following possible layouts to display the information :
The red squares denote illustrations , the arrows denote timelines , and the blue rectangles denote statistics on programming languages .
In the third layout , the green circles denote random facts and algorithm diagrams .
This first layout is simple but lacks the attractiveness of a good infographic .
So , I decided to abandon it .
In the second layout , the illustrations are arranged in a circle .
But including the relevant information for each illustration consistently would have been difficult .
So , I abandoned it , too .
I decided on a layout that combines the sine wave with golden rectangles , two properties that I discuss in an earlier article .
I put random facts and diagrams of algorithms in the remaining golden rectangles to make the infographic more attractive .
I used Pixus to create the golden rectangle grid for this infographic .
It comes in handy when you have multiple golden rectangles in a design .
Color
Colors present themselves in continuous flux , constantly related to changing neighbours and changing conditions .
— Josef Albers
Picking the right colors is one of the most important things in graphic design .
Color affects visual hierarchy and legibility of type , so it ’s important to choose the right colors , and not just the expected ones .
In an infographic , the background should blend perfectly with the illustrations .
In this case , the illustrations looked dull against a white background and looked ugly against a dark background .
I chose a light shade of gold ( # f9ebb3 ) for the background .
Then , I applied a granular pattern to the background layer and scaled it down to 51 % .
I also reduced the opacity to about 52 % .
The illustrations now look good against this background .
I opted for “ academic ” colors for the typography because they blend well with the background and the illustrations .
We all know that contrast is king , and so I used mostly primary colors for the illustrations because they contrast well with the text blocks .
You can always get help from Adobe Kuler if you have trouble choosing colors for your design .
Typography
The typographer 's one essential task is to interpret and communicate the text : its tone , its tempo , its logical structure , its physical size , all determine the possibilities of its typographic form .
The typographer is to the text as the theatrical director is to the script and the musician is to the score .
— Robert Bringhurst
Use two or a maximum of three font types in a design .
I chose Colaboarte Light for the programmers ’ names and Calibri Italic for their descriptions .
Both are sans - serif .
Within a single typeface family , variations in weight , width and style can vary the rhythm substantially , thus affecting communication .
To control this , I italicized Calibri to a font size of 15 and kept the programmers ’ names at 21 .
Alignment is flush - left .
I also used Calibri for the descriptions of illustrations but gave it a different color to distinguish it from the descriptions of programmers .
I chose the ChunkFive font for the numerical values in the illustrations .
Displaying Stats
To envision information — and what bright and splendid visions can result — is to work at the intersection of image , word , number , art .
The instruments are those of writing and typography , of managing large data sets and statistical analysis , of line and layout and color .
— Edward Tufte , Envisioning Information
For years , we have been displaying information in bars graphs and pie charts .
In fact , Edward Tufte coined the term “ chartjunk ” to refer to useless , uninformative or information - obscuring elements in quantitative displays .
But this trend has shifted in recent times with the rise of infographics .
I opted for three different ways to display the statistics on programming languages .
The Project Euler statistics are displayed in circles of different radii .
The project is based on mathematical problems , and so displaying the statistics in geometric shapes was apt .
The StackOverflow statistics are displayed as appearing in text editors of various sizes and colors , while the Tiobe Index statistics are displayed in terminals of various sizes and colors .
Final Thoughts
An infographic is all about displaying information in creative ways .
The process of designing infographics can help us understand and implement certain graphic design principles much better than by designing for the Web alone .
It ’s all about applying the fundamental principles of design ; we ’ll always come up with better results if we can do that well .
You can see a video of this here , plus articles here in English and here in French .
According to him , more useful languages than French are Chinese ( Mandarin / Putonghwa ) , Spanish , Portuguese , and Arabic .
His comments illustrate an interesting mistake people often make when ascertaining the economic value of a language : adding up the total economic clout of a language and then assuming that this then applies equally to one 's own country .
The other languages he mentions are certainly useful , but generally the most important criteria in determining the value of a language for a country is whether it 's spoken by any of the countries next door .
This is why Zambia for example has chosen to bring Portuguese into the curriculum , mostly because that 's what its neighbors speak .
It would have been a mistake for a minister there to conclude that Portuguese would be a useless choice because Spanish is spoken by so many more people , for example .
In Britain 's case as well French is spoken right next door :
Now , if he wanted to simply make the claim that French is over - emphasized , that may be true .
But useless ... then again , looking at the video it almost looks like he came up with the word on the spot .
Somehow I doubt he would choose to use the same word in a written document .
Israelis are not the ones who should be apologizing for what happened here Monday .
We acted just like any progressive country is supposed to act when its sovereignty is being undermined .
We tried to do it in diplomatic means , we attempted to appeal to logic , yet when hundreds of “ peace activists ” armed with bats and knives are determined to fight the “ Zionists , ” the result is predictable .
Latest on Flotilla Hundreds detained at Ashdod port
Ynet reporters Soldiers , officers bring passengers of Marmara ship under arrest at Ashdod port , first questioning each separately and then transferring them to Beersheba Prison , where they receive toiletries , meal , and beds Hundreds detained at Ashdod port
Many questions can be raised regarding the military tactic , available intelligence information , and the operational alternatives ( those who are waiting around the corner , your time shall come with all the inquiries and committees . )
Yet our main mistake as a nation is the conception :
The Swiss terminology that somehow took hold in the Middle East .
While groups of hooligans were getting organized in Turkey , here in Israel we referred to it as a “ peaceful mission . ”
While they were planning how to beat up soldiers with bats , we dealt with the essence of the humanitarian aid .
It was n’t hard to realize that there was no connection whatsoever between persistent provocateur Raed Salah and concern for Gaza ’s residents .
Solid provocation
It was hard to ignore the fact that those supposedly wishing to quickly provide aid to the besieged Gazans were delayed in Cyprus in order to grant media interviews .
The members of these “ concerned organizations ” could have transferred their goods in numerous ways ( some of them via the IDF , directly ) yet they preferred to harm Israel ’s image .
Who cares about food for the besieged when one can produce a solid provocation ?
So what are we supposed to do next time ?
Try the exact same thing ?
Detain them aggressively , without batting an eyelid ?
The naval blockade around Gaza was imposed because Hamas established a threatening Iranian outpost right under our nose .
As long as the State of Israel has not given up on the effort to curb the military buildup in Gaza , as long as we did not give up on the right of southern residents to live peacefully , and as long as we have an interest in avoiding rockets aimed at Tel Aviv , there is no choice but to screen whatever comes into the Strip .
It does n’t look good and the images it produces are n’t pretty , yet the lives of Israeli citizens are more important than any scathing diplomatic protest .
And yes , insisting on life here has its price .
I simply prefer that the other side pay it .
i Pad un( chocolate ) boxing
Right , this is the rebirth of my blogging .
My first post in at least 5 years , with a new domain and a new title .
Anyone who knows my wife , @kerrching , knows that she ’s a Apple nut .
Also , with a June birthday , she has conveniently positioned herself perfectly for the Apple release cycle .
An iPad was inevitable for her birthday , but I knew that if I just delivered a wrapped box , there would n’t be much of a surprise .
Where ’s the fun in that ?
So I rang my friends James and Paul , who happens to run the finest chocolate shop in London , Paul A Young Fine Chocolates and said “ Could you freeze an iPad in chocolate carbonite , and have it survive ? ” .
They were n’t sure , but were willing to give it a go .
Additionally , iPads are n’t available yet in South Africa , so it had to smuggled over from London , without Kay finding out what was going on .
The prepared product :
Unwrapping begins :
The “ I like chocolate , but you gave me 2 kg of it for my birthday , are you a bit nuts ?
look ” :
Why do n’t you pull on that little ribbon embedded in the chocolate ?
Realisation !
Revelation :
Acceptance :
Success !!!!!!!!
With many many thanks to all the wonderful people who helped this to happen :
Simon , who waited in line forever at the London Apple Store to source the machine itself .
James and Paul , for successfully performing the carbon - freezing process , and
Karen , who went through a couple of hours of hell trying to explain what was going on to the South African customs people .
Oh , and just in case you ’re worried : no iPads were harmed in this production :)
Update : 16:27 , June 14th
Wow .
Well , thanks for all the kinds words , everyone .
This ran away a little more than I expected .
Media types :
Yes , you can use the photos without permission , so long as you maintain attribution with my name or a linkback , as per http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/deed.en_GB
' Those morons do n't know what they 're doing ' : James Cameron 's view as yet another BP oil spill fix fails
' Titanic ' director James Cameron has labelled those trying to clean up the BP oil spill ' morons ' after revealed BP turned down his offer of help .
Mr Cameron also said he knew some ' really , really , really smart people ' who could help with the spill .
The director is considered an expert in undersea filming and who has extensive experience working with submersible robots ,
' Over the last few weeks I 've watched , as we all have , with growing horror and heartache , watching what 's happening in the Gulf and thinking those morons do n't know what they 're doing , ' he said yesterday at the All Things Digital technology conference .
Not another setback !
An underwater robotic arm , right , attempts free the diamond saw that became stuck while being used to cut through the pipe at the site of oil leak in this image from last night
Making things worse :
Oil can be seen pouring out of several spots near the blowout preventer today after the saw being used to slice through the riser pipe had snagged after slicing through about half of the pipe
He did not say explicitly who he meant when he referred to ' those morons ' .
His comments came a day after he participated in the meeting at the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency headquarters in Washington to ' brainstorm ' solutions to the oil spill .
Mr Cameron said he has offered to help the government and BP in dealing with the spill .
He said he was ' graciously ' turned away by the British energy giant .
' Morons ' : ' Titanic ' director James Cameron
He said he has not spoken with the White House about his offer , and said that the outside experts who took part in the EPA meeting were now ' writing it all up and putting in reports to the various agencies ' .
The film director has helped develop deep - sea submersible equipment and other underwater ocean technology for the making of documentaries exploring the wrecks of the ocean liner Titanic and the German battleship Bismarck some two miles below the surface .
The BP oil spill off the U.S. Gulf Coast is located a mile below the surface .
' I know really , really , really smart people that work typically at depths much greater than what that well is at , ' he said .
While acknowledging that his contacts in the deep - sea industry do not drill for oil , Cameron said that they are accustomed to operating various underwater vehicles and electronic optical fibre systems .
' Most importantly , ' he added , ' they know the engineering that it requires to get something done at that depth . '
Among the key issues that Mr Cameron said he is interested in helping the government with are methods of monitoring the oil leak and investigating it .
' The government really needs to have its own independent ability to go down there and image the site , survey the site and do its own investigation , ' he said .
' Because if you 're not monitoring it independently , you 're asking the perpetrator to give you the video of the crime scene , ' he added .
WHAT THEY'VE TRIED - AND HOW IT'S GONE WRONG
BP fumbled its latest underwater experiment with the wild Gulf gusher - just like every other endeavour the company has tried to fix America 's worst oil spill .
First , a 100 - ton , four - story box could n't contain the spill because icelike crystals clogged the top .
Then , a straw - like device that actually did capture crude was inconsistent at best .
The supposed top kill - shooting heavy mud and junk into the well - could n't overcome the pressure of the oil .
And the most recent risky gambit ran into trouble a mile under the sea yesterday when a diamond - tipped saw became stuck after slicing through about half of the blown - out well .
It took BP 12 hours to free the saw , and the company hopes to use giant shears similar to an oversized garden tool to snip off the pipe .
However , the cut wo n't be as clean if successful , and a looser fitting cap will have to be placed over the spill .
No timetable was given for when that might start , a familiar refrain in this six - week - old disaster .
All along , the company has been drilling a relief well , the best option at stopping the gusher - but it 's still two months away .
Mr Cameron made two documentaries about the wreck of the Titanic as well as the blockbuster 1997 movie ' Titanic ' using a small fleet of specially designed remotely operated underwater vehicles .
He said his qualifications are not based on his background as a movie director but on his years of involvement in the deep - sea industry .
The well has leaked anywhere from 21 million to 45 million gallons ( 80 million to 170 million liters ) since an explosion on the rig that killed 11 people on April 20 .
Up to 125 miles of coastline in Louisiana , Alabama and Mississippi have been fouled by the oil .
Now it is threatening the white beaches of Florida .
BP 's latest attempt to stop it , using a diamond saw to cut through the pipe , failed after the saw got stuck in the pipe .
That so - called cut - and - cap method , is considered risky because slicing away a section of the 20 - inch - wide riser could remove kinks in the pipe and temporarily increase the flow of oil by as much as 20 per cent .
And the situation on the water 's surface becomes more dire with each day .
Oil drifted perilously close to the Florida Panhandle 's famous sugar - white beaches , and crews on the mainland were doing everything possible to limit the catastrophe .
As the edge of the slick drifted within seven miles of Pensacola 's beaches , emergency workers rushed to link the last in a miles - long chain of booms designed to fend off the oil .
Forecasters said the oil would probably wash up by tomorrow , threatening the miles of beach that are a favourite tourist destination for Britons .
Officials said the slick sighted offshore consisted in part of ' tar mats ' about 500 feet by 2,000 feet in size .
County officials set up the booms to block oil from reaching inland waterways but planned to leave beaches unprotected because they are too difficult to defend against the action of the waves and because they are easier to clean up .
Tokyo , Japan ( CNN ) --
Yotaro cries , giggles , and kicks when you tickle him .
He sneezes and his nose runs .
When he is upset , his rattle calms him down .
An average baby -- sort of -- since Yotaro is a robot .
His inventors hope he will help Japan 's sagging birth rate , among the lowest in the world .
" A robot ca n't be human but it 's great if this robot triggers human emotions , so humans want to have their own baby , " said Hiroki Kunimura , the project leader for the Yotaro robot .
Kunimura and his University of Tsukuba team originally built Yotaro because they wanted to create a robot that would appeal across national and cultural lines .
Since a baby does n't have any language skills yet , they chose to build a robotic infant .
The University of Tsukuba students then started showing off Yotaro at robot competitions , and were surprised by the reactions from the public and the media .
" People asked us if this baby robot was created to tackle the low birth rate in Japan , " said Kunimura , who describes himself as Yotaro 's " daddy . "
The low birth rate was n't the initial concept , but when Kunimura started seeing how the public touched and reacted to Yotaro , he saw the possibility of a robotic solution to a social crisis .
Yotaro , in Japan 's high - tech robotics world , is extraordinarily low - tech .
The emotions are pre-set in a computer program and shot onto his eerily large head with a projector .
Yotaro 's warm body temperature is silicone warmed by water .
His endlessly runny nose is a water hose on a slow drip .
But the effect Yotaro has on people , said his inventors , is stunningly human .
" I think it 's true that young working couples have no chance to have personal contact with babies in their lives .
The people who came to the robot exhibitions enjoyed touching Yotaro , like a real baby , " said Kunimura .
Japan is struggling to find a solution to a pressing population problem .
The country , with one of the world 's highest life expectancies , expects that 40 percent of its population will be over the age of 65 by 2050 .
Add in the nation 's low birth rate , and Japan 's social problem is clear :
The country 's population is graying and dwindling every year .
Japan 's lawmakers instituted a radical plan hoping to take on the population crisis .
The record budget this year included a provision to pay families 13,000 yen , approximately US $ 150 , per month , per child .
The child care subsidy would continue until the child reaches high school .
The hope is that a financial incentive would encourage families to have more children .
Lawmakers , though , are already talking about cutting back the program in the wake of Japan 's massive public debt .
Yotaro project members think a mindset change on children in Japan wo n't come from money , but some contact with a baby -- even a robotic one .
Project member Madoka Hirai said she started noticing baby clothes and pictured what life with a child could be like -- something she had never thought about before Yotaro .
" ( He ) changed how I feel about babies , " she said .
RELATED
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
" Prisoners sanctifying the name of heaven "
A non-violent demonstration
" We do n't have to destroy ourselves from within "
Shas : Caught in a delicate situation
The High Court of Justice on Friday morning postponed the implementation of arrest warrants to Sunday for 22 mothers from Emmanuel who did not show up for their incarceration .
After a day which brought weeks of tensions between Israel ’s ultra-Orthodox community and the state to a climax , 35 fathers of students at the Emmanuel Beit Ya’acov girls school began two - week jail terms for contempt of court over discriminatory practices at the school , and their hassidic community hailed them as heroes for “ choosing Torah ” over the secular court system .
Over 100,000 haredim in Jerusalem and Bnei Brak had gathered under the glaring sun earlier Thursday in a powerful show of support for the Emmanuel parents , and to voice their protest over what they perceived as the High Court ’s intervention in their educational values and show of disrespect for their rabbis .
A demonstration of such magnitude had not been witnessed for years , and underlined the renewed rift between the haredi community and the institutions of state over the nation ’s orientation .
Just after 7 p.m. , two buses carrying the 35 men arrived at Jerusalem ’s Russian Compound police headquarters , from where they were transported to Ma’asiyahu Prison near Ramle to begin serving their sentences .
But 22 mothers and four more fathers whom the court had also sent to jail failed to present themselves and were said to have gone into hiding .
On Thursday night , police said they were searching for the no-shows and would bring them to jail as soon as they were located .
The court ruled to incarcerate the parents after they consistently refused to return their daughters to the state - funded Emmanuel school , which had been segregated on racial grounds .
Barriers physically separating most Sephardi children from the rest of the students were ordered removed by the court , but the parents then failed to return their children .
The parents have remained firm in their insistence that the separation was not racially based , but was a function of halachic stringency .
A small number of Sephardi girls had been allowed to study with the Ashkenazi girls , and three Sephardi fathers were among those jailed .
Beginning just after noon on Thursday , Jerusalem police began closing off a series of the capital ’s thoroughfares in anticipation of the large crowd set to turn out for the demonstration .
Yermiyahu , Bar - Ilan , and Shmuel Hanavi streets were completely closed to traffic , along with Golda Meir Boulevard , Rehov Hativat Harel , Sderot Eshkol , and Shivtei Yisrael and Hanevi ’im streets .
Public transportation was also widely affected by the road closings , and scores of traffic police were deployed throughout the city to redirect the flow of vehicles .
A line of Slonim Hassidim and a few Sephardic fathers stood on the truck that served as a makeshift stage on Rehov Yermiyahu and from which the speeches and prayers were delivered .
Garbed in their Shabbat finest , the hassidim were adorned with streimels .
The men sported red sashes diagonally across their chests declaring them to be “ prisoners sanctifying the name of heaven , ” and fake plastic handcuffs on one wrist to add to the dramatic effect .
Visibly moved by the immense support and admiration of the tens of thousands present , the men bore themselves with pride and confidence , yet a fluttering of distraction and concern clouded their eyes every so often .
The organizers and speakers at the rally repeatedly refuted the court ’s claim of racism in the segregated Emmanuel school and among the haredi populace at large .
“ Who can claim we discriminate against Sepharadim , when we study their great commentaries ? ” demanded senior Lithuanian Rabbi Yosef Efrati .
The leaders of the rally also led the protesters in songs from the Sephardic liturgy tradition , though the vast majority of the attendants were Ashkenazi men , both hassidic and Lithuanian .
Sephardic supporters were sparse , but one of three Sephardi fathers en route to prison addressed the audience on behalf of the parents .
“ I ’m going to prison with my head held high , ” Rephael Elmaliah told the masses .
“ We will do as our rabbis tell us , and they will take care of the education of our children we are leaving behind . ” Rabbi Eyal Lugasi , a haredi teacher of Sephardic descent from Kiryat Sefer , was at the rally with his teenage students .
“ I ’m here to protest the High Court of Justice ’s disrespect toward the generation ’s greatest rabbinical sages and leaders , ” he told “ What happened beforehand does not interest me , ” he said in reference to the ethnic segregation against the Sephardic girls at the Emmanuel school , which set the affair in motion .
The rally was an important opportunity for the mainstream haredi populace to differentiate itself from the smaller haredi segments , usually under the auspices of the Eda Haredit , whose demonstrations bear the potential to escalate into violent confrontations with security forces and can involve vandalism .
Such was the recent case around the excavations of ancient bones in Ashkelon and Jaffa , where clashes with security forces that spread to Jerusalem left casualties and damage to public property .
Last year , violent demonstrations in the capital accompanied the arrest of a haredi woman who had been starving her child , as well as the opening of the Intel production plant and the Karta parking lot on Shabbat .
“ I call on each and every one here to heed our rabbis ’ orders and not disrupt the order in any way , ” the spokesman told the masses from the central stage .
“ If anyone sees someone doing something violent – stop him at once .
” The organizers of the demonstration , as well as its participants , also made sure to hush the occasional boos when such entities as “ the court ” and “ the petitioner ” were mentioned .
Throughout the day ’s events , not a single act of violence was reported by police .
Magen David Adom and Hatzalah units positioned along the march ’s route reported scattered incidents of heatstroke and other medical calls , mostly among the crowd ’s elderly participants .
Not all factors in involved in the affair showed the same statesmanlike attitude , however .
“ To take women , mothers and small children , to leave their families and be arrested – I think something of the sort has n’t happened in any civilized country since the war in Germany ended , ” Slonim Admor Rabbi Shmuel Barazovsky told his hassidim on Wednesday night , before giving each parent facing jail time $ 500 .
It was also assumed that on his orders , the women eluded the police and went into hiding , rather than go to prison – although Slonim sources said on Thursday night that there had been no coordination between the sect and the mothers .
Several months ago , the court had ruled that the physical separations in the Beit Ya’acov – built to accommodate the more stringent track that the Slonim parents had initiated in 2007 and in which some 70 girls studied – was illegal .
But once the barriers were removed , the parents refused to return their daughters to the school unless the rest of the pupils ’ parents agreed to a very stringent code of conduct and attire , an initiative that did n’t succeed .
On Tuesday , the Emmanuel parents told the High Court that their rabbis ’ orders took precedence over the those of the court .
Later that day , the panel of three justices decided to send the parents to prison for refusing to send their daughters back to the school .
Last - minute attempts to reach a compromise that would prevent the imprisonment of parents of young children did n’t bear fruit , although in some cases only a single parent was ordered jailed .
At a meeting with President Shimon Peres earlier in the day , Deputy Education Minister Rabbi Meir Porush burst into tears of anguish and frustration at the growing rift and hostility between different segments of the haredi population and between the haredi and secular communities .
Israel Prize laureate and Migdal Ha’emek Rabbi Itzhak David Grossman , who accompanied Porush , said that Israel had more external enemies than it needed , and “ we do n’t have to destroy ourselves from within .
” Porush and Grossman told Peres that they believed that if given two days to talk to the parents , they could come up with some kind of solution that would be acceptable to all concerned .
Peres made it clear in his conversation with Porush and Grossman , that as much as he sympathized with the plight of children who would be temporarily deprived of both parents , the law was the law , and the ruling must be respected and upheld .
“ All citizens of Israel must respect the rulings of the High Court of Justice , ” said Peres .
As the Emmanuel fathers arrived at the Russian Compound on Thursday evening , the streets again filled with men clad in black coats , and the daughters of the parents sentenced to jail time could be seen in the crowd .
Some were crying and visibly distraught amid the commotion .
The men were escorted to the police station ’s front gates by thousands of dancing haredim , some of whom carried the fathers on their shoulders , singing joyously as they took the men to jail .
Meanwhile , the Shas Council of Torah Sages met on Thursday night at the home of the party ’s mentor Rabbi Ovadia Yosef and released a statement afterward opposing discrimination in Emmanuel – but also criticizing the intervention of the High Court of Justice .
Shas in general and its mentor in particular have been caught in a delicate situation in the Emmanuel scandal .
The party cannot be seen as going against Jewish law and top rabbis , but Shas formed to fight against discrimination , and the initiator of the Emmanuel court case was Yosef ’s son , Rabbi Ya’acov Yosef .
The one Shas MK who has fiercely defended the Sephardi girls of Emmanuel is controversial MK Haim Amsalem .
“ We need to get out of our inferiority complex and be proud of being Sephardim , ” Amsalem told reporters on Thursday .
Amsalem has repeatedly criticized Ovadia Yosef ’s rulings , most recentlywhen he suggested that converts who served in the IDF should be allowedeasier conversions and should not be forced to adopt an Orthodoxlifestyle .
The Council of Torah Sages considered expelling Amsalem from the Knesset in Thursday night ’s meeting , but did not reach a finalconclusion .
The matter will be discussed again in an upcoming meetingof the rabbis .
“ The mandate in the Knesset that Amsalem received belongs to Shas , andif he defies the rabbi , he might be asked to give it back , ” a Shasofficial said .
The next name on the Shas list is Ethiopian rabbi and former MK Mazor Bayana .
Kabul , Afghanistan ( CNN ) -- A Taliban commander disguised as a woman was shot dead Friday night in Afghanistan when he fired at troops , NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said .
Authorities identified the man as Ghulam Sakhi , the senior Taliban commander in northern Logar province .
ISAF said intelligence sources tracked Sakhi to a compound near the village of Qal-eh Saber in Pul-e ' Alam district .
After Afghan troops called for women and children to leave a building , Sakhi came out with the group , disguised in women 's attire .
ISAF said he pulled out a pistol and a grenade and fired at troops .
Afghan and coalition forces shot him and he dropped the grenade , which detonated and wounded a woman and two children .
Authorities say Sakhi was involved in improvised explosive device attacks , ambushes and indirect fire attacks .
He also kidnapped and killed a National Directorate of Security chief in Logar province .
In other Afghan fighting , several insurgents in Zabul province were killed in a " precision airstrike " on Friday night and bomb attacks in southern Afghanistan killed three NATO - led service member on Saturday .
All countries in the Group of 20 need to cooperate on reforming the financial system , even those not hit by the economic crisis , German Chancellor Angela Merkel insisted on Thursday as she opened an international conference on financial regulation in Berlin .
" My plea for the G - 20 is , even if your countries have not been affected by specific tendencies of the financial markets , the task is to bring forward the process as a whole , " she said .
" We need to send a joint signal in moments of crisis . "
She also called on the G - 20 countries to unite on stricter rules and better checks on the financial markets .
Her comments appeared to be aimed at least partially at Canada , the host of next month 's G - 20 meeting , as well as some emerging economies who do not see themselves as responsible for the crisis .
" We are doubtful that you can tax your banks to stability , " said Canadian Deputy Treasury Secretary Tiff Macklem at the conference .
Merkel wants the G - 20 to agree to meaningful reform
While Merkel and French President Nicolas Sarkozy both agree on the need for a transaction tax to curb the excesses of the financial sector , French Finance Minister Christine Lagarde was less pleased with Berlin 's unilateral decision to ban short selling on Tuesday .
She said France had no intention of following suit .
" It seems to me that one ought to at least seek the advice of the other member states concerned by this measure , " she added .
A ban on betting against the euro
The German market and the euro took a hit after German market regulator BaFin put an end to naked short selling late Tuesday .
The moratorium will last until the end of March next year and is intended to slow speculators engaging in naked short selling against the sovereign debt of financially troubled countries like Greece .
Naked short selling occurs when speculators temporarily sell securities which they hope they can borrow .
If the speculator can then obtain the sold security , and it loses value as predicted , it can later be repurchased for less money , generating profit .
BaFin said in a statement the moratorium is justified because of the " extraordinary volatility of European government debt securities . "
Putting politics ahead of the economy ?
The ban may slow market fluctuations after the European Union and the International Monetary Fund agreed on a 120 - billion - euro ( $ 148 billion ) bailout for Greece and a 750 - billion - euro fund for other countries with teetering finances , such as Portugal and Spain .
A Greek default on debts could endanger the entire European financial system
Governments fear that Greek bankruptcy would destabilize the entire European financial system .
But some analysts saw the ban as a risky political gesture designed to appease German taxpayers tired of being on the hook for European bailouts .
" It again suggests that the Germans are no closer to understanding that the markets are not the problem here , " Simon Tilford , chief economist at the Centre for European Reform , told the Reuters news agency .
" What is specific to Germany is a readiness to make unilateral announcements on things that would only be doable if they were done collectively . "
The new German ban is also on the agenda for European Union finance ministers meeting in Brussels on Friday .
hf/mz/AFP/dpa/Reuters
Editor : Ben Knight
Raining oil in Louisiana ?
An unsettling – and unverified – amateur video shows what appears to be the aftermath of an oily rain in Louisiana , some 45 miles inland from the Gulf of Mexico .
It 's unclear from the video whether the oily sheen seen on the ground really fell from the sky .
Crude oil normally does n't evaporate , but some are speculating that oil mixed with Corexit 9500 , the dispersant that BP is using on the ever - growing slick , could take to the air .
The US Environmental Protection Agency has issued statements saying that the agency " has no data , information or scientific basis that suggests that oil mixed with dispersant could possibly evaporate from the Gulf into the water cycle . "
IN PICTURES : Response to the oil spill on the Gulf Coast
The auto blog Jalopnik dug up a 2003 study that shows that oil on the open ocean could evaporate under the right conditions .
And it 's unclear how the Corexit 9500 dispersant affects evaporation .
If it were raining Corexit 9500 in River Ridge , that would be very bad news .
Calling the dispersant unnecessarily toxic , the EPA has ordered BP to stop spraying it on the slick , an order that the oil company has so far ignored .
Is the video for real ?
For now , skepticism is warranted .
Have a look for yourself :
IN PICTURES : Response to the oil spill on the Gulf Coast
Related
Forn Dodonna was an admiral in the Republic Navy during the Jedi Civil War .
She was one of the most senior of naval personnel during the War .
Towards the end of the war , Dodonna was signaled by Carth Onasi , who informed her of the Star Forge , a massive factory - space station that was being used by the Sith .
Dodanna herself led the assault on the Star Forge , with the help of Jedi Master Vandar Tokare .
Helped by the battle meditation of Padawan Bastila Shan , Dodonna broke through the Sith blockade of the Star Forge and ordered her ships to destroy the space station ’s main stabilizer .
She later awarded the crew of the Ebon Hawk , including Carth , for their help during the battle .
Biography
As an admiral serving with the Republic Navy , Admiral Dodonna led Republic forces against the Sith Empire during the Jedi Civil War from her flagship .
Towards the end of the war , Admiral Dodonna was contacted by another naval officer , Carth Onasi , informing her of the location of a massive orbital factory called the Star Forge , an ancient relic of the Infinite Empire .
The Star Forge was being used to churn out all the starships and war droids that powered the Sith fleet .
Dodonna realized that this was the opportunity she desperately needed to put an end to the war .
Gathering a fleet together , Admiral Dodonna set out for the Star Forge system .
En route , Admiral Dodonna ’s fleet was reunited with many survivors of the Sith attack on the Jedi Enclave on Dantooine .
Led by Jedi Master Vandar Tokare , the group joined the fleet in its endeavor to destroy the Star Forge .
Upon arriving in the system , Admiral Dodonna ’s fleet was confronted with a sizeable defense fleet , which guarded the Star Forge itself .
Dodonna was contacted by Carth Onasi once more , from the Ebon Hawk , whose crew deactivated a massive interdictor field being generated from the nearby planet Lehon , which would have otherwise destroyed the fleet .
Admiral Dodonna was suffering heavy losses in space and suggested a retreat , but Carth insisted that the Republic probably would n’t get another chance to strike at the Star Forge again .
Dodonna conceded , and the Ebon Hawk ’s crew , at the advice of Master Vandar , resolved to lead a Jedi strike team onto the Star Forge , to find and kill Darth Malak , the leader of the Sith Empire .
Admiral Dodonna as a hologram , communicating with the Ebon Hawk .
Meanwhile , Dodonna was facing troubles of her own .
Her entire fleet was faced with an impenetrable defensive line , preventing her from ordering a bombardment of the Star Forge .
Carth attributed this to Bastila Shan , a fallen Jedi who was very adept at using battle meditation , a Force ability that allowed her to inspire allied troops and demoralize enemies , influencing an entire battle .
Bastila ’s battle meditation was allowing the Sith to quickly counter every strategy Admiral Dodonna devised .
Nevertheless , Admiral Dodonna pressed on .
Conditions soon changed after Bastila stopped using her battle meditation against the Republic fleet .
Soon Dodonna ’s relentless press against the Sith ranks finally punctured a breach in the fleet ’s formation , splitting it into two groups .
Admiral Dodonna quickly exploited this development , sending Red Squadron in with Green Squadron to widen the gap .
She then ordered her capital ships to reinforce their positions .
Once in range , Admiral Dodonna ’s fleet commenced a concentrated assault on the Star Forge .
Realizing that the Star Forge was too well reinforced to be destroyed directly by the fleet , Dodonna proposed a precision strike against the Star Forge ’s main orbital stabilizers .
With these out of commission , the Star Forge would fall out of orbit and crash into the star below .
This strategy was quickly implemented .
After Admiral Dodonna ’s capital ships destroyed the stabilizers , she ordered the fleet to pull back away from the Star Forge , unwilling to risk any of her ships being destroyed during the Star Forge ’s descent .
Dodonna ’s fleet moves to attack the Star Forge directly .
The Star Forge was finished , colliding with a solar flare which caused the Star Forge to incinerate from within .
With the Star Forge destroyed and Malak dead , the Sith fleet was thrown into disarray , allowing the Republic to sweep through Sith space and recover their losses .
Returning to Lehon , the fleet celebrated their victory .
Dodonna herself awarded the crew of the Ebon Hawk with the Cross of Glory , the Republic ’s most prestigious medal , on the steps of the Temple of the Ancients ( the very place that the crew had disabled the disruptor field generator at ) , thus commemorating them for their invaluable support during the battle ; even the crew ’s droids were given medals .
The remainder of the war was short ; the Dark Jedi and Sith Lords on the Sith homeworld of Korriban quickly tore each other apart as each attempted to seize the title of Dark Lord of the Sith , a title held by Malak until his death , in a quick yet brutal civil war .
This was the final blow to the Sith war effort , and the Jedi Civil War was over , though the Republic still had to recover from the destruction caused by the war .
It can be speculated that Dodonna had Carth promoted to admiral during this time .
Admiral Onasi would play an important role during the Dark Wars .
Personality and traits
Admiral Dodonna was a very strong - willed woman .
After all , she was one of the few female fleet commanders in recorded history .
Despite her gender , she was respected by her officers , and they served with her faithfully .
Dodonna was a very compassionate person , and cared for her entire fleet , showing concern for it and considering a retreat several times during the Battle of the Star Forge .
Dodonna was also appreciative of those who helped her , and she was modest enough to accept help when offered .
Dodonna awarded the crew of the Ebon Hawk with the Cross of Glory , and gave them credit for the battle ’s outcome , not keeping any of the glory for herself .
But compassion does not gain rank , and Admiral Dodonna ’s military traits are what afforded her the considerably high rank she possessed .
Admiral Dodonna was an extremely consummate military commander , overseeing every step of an operation , employing a variety of substrategies to achieve victory .
This multi-tasking , micro-managing could prove a distraction , however , and Dodonna could lose sight of a key enemy maneuver during the heat of battle .
Nevertheless , this trait was very crucial during the Battle of the Star Forge , when each fighter counted against Bastila ’s battle meditation .
From the smallest fighter to the largest capital ship , Admiral Dodonna perceived them all equally important , and used them to the best of their abilities .
When she saw an opportunity , she wasted no time in seizing it .
During the Battle of the Star Forge , Dodonna was able to skillfully take a small breach that had formed in the enemy ’s formation and enlarge it , pushing her capital ships right in behind her fighter squadrons , effectively wedging her formations and cleaving the Sith ranks in two , allowing her to bombard the Star Forge itself .
Dodonna , as a military officer , was a perfectionist .
She was neatly groomed , her hair cleanly trimmed , and her uniform spotless .
Dodonna also had exceptional posture , notable especially due to her tall , lean build .
Dodonna also had light brown hair and gray eyes .
During recent years , Iceland has suffered from a recession incomparable to that experienced in any other country in Europe .
Today , however , the situation is about to change .
Not on the financial stage but on the political rights stage .
On 16 June , the Icelandic parliament unanimously approved a bill that will create a ” new media haven ” on Iceland .
The bill is inspired by a proposal put forward by Wikileaks , an organisation that has lately has come under pressure from the American administration because of classified documents published on their website .
A scandal on Iceland also provided the proponents of the bill with ammunition .
In 2009 , the largest bank gagged the national broadcaster in attempt to silence the truth .
Together this animated the Icelandic parliament to approve a bill that will make Iceland a haven for people like the founder of Wikileaks , Julian Assange , but also prominent authors , journalists and the like .
The question is whether this will be an international beacon or a secluded haven of intellectual debate .
While one could wish for the former the latter seems more probable .
It is possible to block access to server , as BT did with the famous Swedish site , Piratebay .
This might be the future for Wikileaks and other websites that ” blow the whistle ” a bit too loud .
If Wikileaks is shut down then what ?
While Iceland can provide the legal protection , it cannot provide uncompromisable publishing platforms with unrestricted reach .
A map of uranium levels on the lunar surface , as measured by the Kaguya mission .
The highest levels are at 2.1 parts per million ( ppm ) at Copernicus crater ( C ) .
E and W stand for the east and west highlands on the far side of the moon ; A , the Apennine Bench ; I , Mare Imbrium ; J , Montes Jura ; S , South Pole — Aitken Terrane ; and T , Mare Tranquillitatis .
Full Story .
Anew map of uranium on the moon has revealed the lunar surface to be a poorsource of the radioactive stuff , but it could help solve mysteries as to howthe moon formed .
Thisnew moonuranium map dampens hopes of a nuclear power industry on the lunar surface , researchers said .
Proponentsof lunarbases and future lunar colonies have long pointed to many of the moonsminerals , along with water , as being useful to support such efforts .
" Forgetthings like uranium mines or nuclear reactors , " said cosmochemist RobertReedy , a member of the Kaguya science team and a senior scientist at the Tucson - based Planetary Science Institute .
" The concentrations are very farfrom being of commercial levels . "
Uranium on the moon
Thenew map was created using data from Japan 's Kaguya spacecraft , which launched in 2007 .
The spacecraft found uraniumon the moon , along with other radioactive elements , with its advanced gamma - rayspectrometer .
Kaguya crashedinto the moon 's surface at the end of its mission last year .
Thenew moon uranium map clearly shows the element is not abundant on the moon .
Inmoon rock , it appears in quantities less than in many Earth granites .
Moon 's early history
Still , by analyzingthe ratio between the naturally radioactive elements uranium and thoriumscientists may yield new insights into the formation and evolution of the moon 's surface .
In the new map , significant variations in theratio between uranium and thorium were revealed .
Forinstance , averageuranium abundances could differ by some 60 percent between the east and westhighlands on the far side of the moon , while thorium abundances between thoseareas varied only 10 percent .
Thesenew findings suggest the formation of the lunar crust might not be as uniformas had long been thought .
" The Kaguya gamma - rayspectrometer team wantsto finish getting maps for as many elements as possible before drawing detailed conclusionson the Moon 's history , " Reedy said .
Thescientists detailed their findings online May 20 in the journal GeophysicalResearch Letters .
Scientists at the University of Texas in Dallas , with funding from AFOSR 's Multidisciplinary University Research Initiative , are seeking solutions for maintaining privacy in a cloud , or an Internet - based computing environment where all resources are offered on demand .
Dr. Bhavani Thuraisingham has put together a team of researchers from the UTD School of Management and its School of Economics , Policy and Political Sciences to investigate information sharing with consideration to confidentiality and privacy in cloud computing .
" We truly need an interdisciplinary approach for this , " she said .
" For example , proper economic incentives need to be combined with secure tools to enable assured information sharing . "
Thuraisingham noted that cloud computing is increasingly being used to process large amounts of information .
Because of this increase , some of the current technologies are being modified to be useful for that environment as well as to ensure security of a system .
To achieve their goals , the researchers are inserting new security programming directly into software programs to monitor and prevent intrusions .
They have provided additional security by encrypting sensitive data that is not retrievable in its original form without accessing encryption keys .
They are also using Chinese Wall , which is a set of policies that give access to information based on previously viewed data .
The scientists are using prototype systems that can store semantic web data in an encrypted form and query it securely using a web service that provides reliable capacity in the cloud .
They have also introduced secure software and hardware attached to a database system that performs security functions .
Assured information sharing in cloud computing is daunting , but Thuraisingham and her team are creating both a framework and incentives that will be beneficial to the Air Force , other branches of the military and the private sector .
The next step for Thuraisingham and her fellow researchers is examining how their framework operates in practice .
" We plan to run some experiments using online social network applications to see how various security and incentive measures affect information sharing , " she said .
Thuraisingham is especially glad that AFOSR had the vision to fund such an initiative that is now becoming international in its scope .
" We are now organizing a collaborative , international dimension to this project by involving researchers from Kings College , University of London , University of Insubria in Italy and UTD related to secure query processing strategies , " said AFOSR program manager , Dr. Robert Herklotz .
Pretty cool graphic from the Guardian in the UK .
It helps to explain why the Brits think we Yanks are being less than honest with ourselves regarding our anger at BP .
The Brits have had a rather interesting response to the American Outrage over the GoM spill :
With less than 5 % of the world ’s population , the US consumes 25 % of the world ’s oil production .
They believe we are being hypocritical in our outrage — if we were all that concerned , argues the Brits , we would not have been so profligate in our consumption , love affair with the SUV , and refusal to enact Pigou taxes on fuel consumption .
They raise a valid point .
( Click through for a larger image )
Consider the per capita energy consumption of the US versus other nations :
( Click through for a larger image )
I am not looking to exonerate BP ; I have no doubt they were reckless and irresponsible in how they proceeded to drill in the Gulf of Mexico with Deepwater Horizon .
However , they were trying to fulfill our own reckless and irresponsible demands for cheap and plentiful energy .
Anyone who is an energy consumer cannot ignore their contribution to what happened .
We can be a bit hypocritical in the US of A .
We have $ 50 k earners who bought $ 750 k houses , then complained about Goldman Sachs ; Walmart shoppers who buy 12 packs of tighty whiteys for $ 2.99 — then complains about job losses .
Or the non voters ( the majority of us ) who complain about Congress .
We energy consumers ought to realize that it is our demand that led to drilling in the GoM .
Personally , I try not to be hypocritical about my enormous carbon footprint ( Denying global warming , ignoring the impact consumption has ) .
I have n’t shown much willingness to change , but I wo n’t pretend there is no damage from my addiction to Horsepower .
Its sure is much easier to blame BP , than to accept resposibility for our own role in the spill …
Source :
BP energy statistics : the world in oil consumption , reserves and energy production
http://www.guardian.co.uk/news/datablog/2010/jun/09/bp-energy-statistics-consumption-reserves-energy
This post originally appeared at The Big Picture .
Browse ' Zombie ' Groups Below *
Couple Seeking Male Zombie ( 47 )
Couple Seeking Transgender Zombie ( 21 )
Female Seeking Female Zombie ( 134 )
Female Seeking Male Zombie ( 355 )
Female Seeking Transgender Zombie ( 50 )
Male Seeking Female Zombie ( 1213 )
Male Seeking Male Zombie ( 410 )
Male Seeking Transgender Zombie ( 171 )
Seeking Zombie ( Friends Only ) ( 405 )
Seeking Zombie For Casual Relationship ( 621 )
Seeking Zombie For Dinner Companion ( 307 )
Seeking Zombie For LTR ( 360 )
Seeking Zombie On The DL ( 171 )
BRAINS !!! ( 1379 )
Sponsored Ad
Zombie Passions : ' Zombie ' Member Created Groups * Some Member Created ' Groups ' are newer than others & browse results may be limited .
No member created groups defined for this site ... yet .
Suggest a New Group
Click To Open & Search Zombie Passions Groups Listed Above Gender
Man Cisgender Male FTM Trans Male Woman Cisgender Female MTF
Trans Female Other Agender Androgynous Gender Fluid Gender Nonconforming Genderqueer Hijra Intersex Non-binary Pangender Transgender Transsexual Trans Person Two - Spirit Orientation
Straight Gay Lesbian Bisexual Asexual Other Androphilic Ambiphilic Ambisexual Bi-curious Demisexual Ecosexual Gynephilic Heteroflexible Homoflexible Omnisexual Pansexual Polysexual Queer Questioning Sapiosexual weight
100 110 120 130 140 150 160 170 180 190 200 210 220 230 240 250 260 270 280 290 300 310 320 330 340 350 360 370 380 390 400 410 420 430 440 450 460 470 480 490 500 to 500 100 110 120 130 140 150 160 170 180 190 200 210 220 230 240 250 260 270 280 290 300 310 320 330 340 350 360 370 380 390 400 410 420 430 440 450 460 470 480 490 500 include unspecified weight height
3 4 5 6 7 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 to 7 3 4 5 6 11 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 between the ages of
18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 and 99 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 country
USA Afghanistan Aland Islands Albania Algeria Andorra Angola Anguilla Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos ( Keeling ) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo , The Democratic Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea - Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran , Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea , Democratic People 's Republic of Korea , Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People 's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia , Federated States of Moldova , Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Other Country Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Bartelemey Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania , United Republic of Thailand Timor - Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay USA Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands , British Virgin Islands , U.S. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe
location location within 25 50 75 100 125 150 175 200 250 300 400 500 750 1000 5000 miles from zip code group Choose Group Amateur Zombie Killer BRAINS !!!
Couple Seeking Female Zombie Couple Seeking Male Zombie Couple Seeking Transgender Zombie Female Seeking Female Zombie Female Seeking Male Zombie Female Seeking Transgender Zombie Male Seeking Female Zombie Male Seeking Male Zombie Male Seeking Transgender Zombie Professional Zombie Killer Seeking Zombie ( Friends Only ) Seeking Zombie For Casual Relationship Seeking Zombie For Dinner Companion Seeking Zombie For LTR Seeking Zombie On The DL Zombie ( Meteor Related ) Zombie ( Mutated Virus ) Zombie ( Re-animated in Lab Experiment ) Zombie ( Toxic Spill ) Zombie ( Voodoo ) Zombie Film FANatic Zombie Groupie Zombie Hater Zombie Lover Zombie Survivalist Zombie Wannabe
Important Groups Information
If you are a member of Zombie Passions , and you see a ' Group ' above that you would like to join , click here .
PLEASE NOTE : The ' Groups ' feature works best when you ONLY join groups that describe you , or your interests .
Members in Groups can be seen in the site and in Search Engines .
Do NOT join Groups that do not specifically match you as a person or Groups that you do not feel comfortable being seen in .
Groups are designed to allow people to find you .
* In some of our sites , groups reference specific brands , brand names , books , movies , television shows , company names , or people .
Passions Network , Inc. would like to make it clear that all copyrights and trademarks are owned by their respective owners and / or companies .
Meet In The Real World Zombie Meetup
Horror Meetup
﻿
.
Hi everyone !
I worked on a few different things during the Novell / SUSE HackWeek .
One of these things was continuing my Nautilus redesign that I ( Garrett LeSage ) started last year , continued with others ( Allan Day , Hylke Bons , Máirín Duffy , etc. ) at the London UX meeting and at LGM2010 … and then further talked about on the Internet .
During the HackWeek this month , I worked collaboratively with others ( Allan , Hylke , Lapo Calamandrei , Andy Fitzsimon , and more ) using Inkscape , Google Wave , Dropbox , IRC , and IM and we brainstormed on ways to improve Nautilus — not just feature by feature , but how everything would work together .
Our overall goals :
All the functionality that you need .
Nothing you do n’t .
Clean , simple , attractive
Well - suited to small screens
Makes many essential functions more discoverable than at present
Please note that this is a work in progress , and is not to be considered final .
I am posting our design draft here to request feedback and discussion .
To properly move designs forward in the community , we really need to discuss them in the open .
We feel these concepts have matured enough to be seen outside of our cross-company collection of designers .
The result of our discussions were summarized in another round of mockup explorations , as well as a document summary of key ideas we agreed upon .
( This document needs to be moved to GNOME ’s wiki at some point in the near future . )
Mockup notes :
You can see the progression of the groups of the mockups .
We also were playing around with ideas on how to integrate the two menus .
( It was later determined that embedding the application menu in the titlebar caused two issues : First , people expect it to be a window manager menu .
Second , it could only properly be done with client - side rendering with non-existing versions of the window manager and GTK +.
Please disregard this placement in the mockups . )
Menus
Overall , this menu restructuring :
gets rid of the complexity of Nautilus ’ menu system
provides the same general feature set
prevents us from designing multiple levels deep
makes Nautilus look much cleaner than it currently does by not having a menu bar
wins us much - needed vertical space
Actions menu
File management actions — now moving to an optional ( but on - by - default ) action bar at the bottom of the window .
This is a discoverable version of the right - mouse - button contextual menu .
[ Actions ]
Open With ###
Open With >
—
Duplicate Rename …
—
Compress …
Dropbox > ( and other extensions go here )
—
Move to Trash
—
Cut
Copy
Paste
—
Undo
Redo
—
Create > ( folders , documents , etc. )
—
Select All
Select Items Matching …
Application menu
Whatever else , when you ’re not actually managing files
[ Application menu ]
New Tab
New Window
New Administrator Window
—
Connect to Server …
—
Empty Trash
—
Preferences
—
Help
About
—
Close Window
Close All Windows
‘ Side - step ’ breadcrumb menus
Activated via click and hold on breadcrumb folders .
Display sibling folders ( at the same depth as the folder represented in the breadcrumb ) .
‘ Root ’ breadcrumb folder displays other possible roots :
[# Home ]
USB Stick
Foo on share
Trash
—
Location …
Back and forward menus
The back button shall display all history in the past only , and the forward button shows all the future history ( relative to present location ) .
Normally , this means the forward button will be disabled until stepping backwards in history .
[ < ] [ > ]
# Foo
# Bar
—
Clear History
Places menu
This menu replaces the places sidebar and bookmarks .
When the places sidebar is hidden , it should show up to the left of the Breadcrumbs as a menu , in the same place .
It is to be determined if the places sidebar will exist in a toggled form , or if it shall be reduced to a only a places menu .
[ Places ⇩ ]
( All the places one would expect )
—
Edit Places …
Places
Originally would be the only sidebar , but as of recent mockups , sidebars may go away entirely .
Places would then be implemented as a slab - menu .
It acts similar to a normal menu .
You can click and slide the mouse down during that click to select items , and when you let go , it gets activated .
( The eject icons are special cases , but work similarly . )
[ FIXME : more info about places ]
Actions Toolbar
Dynamic context menus show relevant actions for the selected item .
Make contextual actions discoverable
Super-easy !
Removes the need for awkward right - mouse - button operations
Excellent for users with a single mouse / track pad button
Status “ minibars ”
( See the bottom - left mockup in nautilus - streamlined for now . )
Transient , display information only when needed
There is no “ status bar ” by default ”
# of selected items are shown when files are selected
Network loading is shown ( with a spinner on the left and stop icon on the right )
These minibars will be aligned to the right ( unlike the streamlined mockup )
[ FIXME : This was discussed in - length , in - person , at LGM2010 .
We still need a proper mockup . ]
Sharing
A quick and simple way to set up any type of share ( eg : local , network , email , IM , Sparkle , Dropbox , Ubuntu One )
Reduces menu clutter by locating all sharing mechanisms within a single dialog
Makes sharing clear and simple
Fast : recent shares are listed first
[ FIXME :
We have ideas , but this still needs a proper mockup ]
New widgets
There are no custom widgets in the Nautilus mockups … just new , standard GNOME3 ones !
Mockups like these should completely drive what it means to be GNOME3 .
We should not do one - offs in the software the mockups depict , but make widgets and set paradigms for the entire platform .
We should mock up other significant software that incorporate these features .
Let ’s make sure all the core GNOME apps are new - style , and others will follow .
We have to set the example .
Say goodbye to …
While we strive to keep the same featureset in future Nautilus , there are some things which are going away .
Please note that almost all of these items in the list are being addressed elsewhere in the interface .
We are removing :
computer :///
The items displayed in computer :/// are already present in the places side pane and will also be present in the breadcrumb dropdown when that is completed computer :/// is n’t as useful as Places or the dropdown because it is one step removed – it ’s essentially hidden ‘ Computer ’ is n’t a good description of the contents of computer :/// anyway .
‘ devices :///’ would be more appropriate .
“ filesystem ” in the UI Nautilus should focus on serving real people ’s needs .
People do not need to manage system files in a file manager .
However , that said …
We ’ll have a hidden gconf key to enable filesystem for über - geeks ( or better , wanna - be - uber - geeks , uber geeks use the terminal … or ctrl+L ) , who are the ones who want this feature in the first place .
It will also be possible to navigate the filesystem by hitting Control - L and typing locations , just as it is in current Nautilus .
remote directories mounted in / opt / ( and other random places ) will be exposed under network any location Nautilus can see is “ bookmarkable ” , and these bookmarks will show up in places
Split pane ( “ extra pane ” )
Split panes would prevent many of the features being advocated here , including the single toolbar and actions toolbar .
This design removes many of the reasons for split panes in the first place , however .
For instance : Non-directory specific controls are kept to an absolute minimum .
Split pane mode really calls for better window management .
Everything in the sidebar other than Places : including Tree , History , Emblems and Notes .
User specifiable backgrounds , emblems and custom icons .
Spatial mode as a distinct UI .
The Nautilus future design is the perfect combination of the spatial and browser UIs .
Its minimalism should feel comfortable and familiar to spatial users .
Spatial mode could still be retained as a preference , of course , as : ☑ Open folders in new windows
Many aspects of Nautilus ’s UI are extremely old - fashioned and are barely used .
The maintenance burden they represent outweighs their usefulness .
Nautilus bugzilla is choked up by reports about backgrounds , custom icons and spatial mode .
Many of these never get touched .
Better to have a minimal UI that is complete and well - maintained than a plethora of half - finished features .
TL ;DR ( Summary )
A number of us designers in the community are brainstorming and proposing changes to Nautilus .
We ’re going all the way and suggesting more than little fixes here and there ( which is what Nautilus been doing for years . )
We ’re building a vision of what better file management could be .
Read the results of our design discussions above , and check out the latest round of mockups .
If you ’re a designer , you can also grab the source SVG for editing in Inkscape .
Also , please feel free to change the file contents in the mockup to something else . (:
Celebrity Buzz
June 9 , 2010
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
Radiohead frontman
Thom Yorke is warning the music industry is on the brink of collapse , insisting young musicians should resist signing record deals because the major labels will “ completely fold ” within months .
The British rockers broke away from their longtime label , EMI , in 2007 and went on to embrace the new digital era with the release their seventh album , In Rainbows , which they offered up over the internet and allowed fans to choose the price .
Yorke has now issued a warning to upcoming artists , urging them not to sign traditional record deals because they would be tying themselves to “ the sinking ship . ”
Read entire article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
The video embeded at the bottom of this article and posted on the frontpage of http://congressmanwithguts.com may be the best corporate television interview ever .
Not the funniest or most entertaining , but the most willing to directly and clearly expose the most forbidden topics and insist on the most needed changes in perspective .
The CongressmanWithGuts website is Congressman Alan Grayson 's public and participatory demonstration of a simple fact that should be made known to a few hundred congress members who have not grasped it :
If you do what the public wants and reach out to the public , you can raise your own funds and not depend on the Party Leadership to fund your campaigns .
This , of course , is what allows you to do what the public , and not the Party Leadership , wants .
An example : H.R.5353 --
The War is Making You Poor
Act which would require that wars be funded out of the military budget , and which would provide tax credits from the savings on separate war funding , eliminating federal income taxes for everyone 's first $ 35,000 of income ( $ 70,000 for couples ) while also paying down the national debt by over $ 15 billion .
Sound good to you ?
Another example :
In what I think is an unprecedented move , Congressman Grayson has set up a website for people to lobby his colleagues in Congress to oppose war spending .
Here 's how Grayson announced this :
" In the New York Times for June 13th , the Pentagon proclaimed that Afghanistan holds almost one trillion lira - no , sorry , that 's one trillion dollars - in hitherto - unknown mineral wealth .
Allow me to offer these revelations :
(1) Paris Hilton actually is Albert Einstein , with a wig .
Think about it - you 've never seen them together , have you ?
(2) The Moon is made of green cheese .
Specifically , a lovely Camembert , slightly fruity , that goes very well with cabernet .
(3) While you were at work today , someone broke into your house , stole everything , and replaced it with an exact duplicate ( apologies to Steven Wright ) .
$ 1 trillion dollars in mineral wealth in Afghanistan .
What a lame excuse for a lame excuse .
But the interesting thing is that the Pentagon felt it necessary to serve up this fevered imagining .
Why ?
Because they say that they need another $ 33 billion for the war by July 4th , or , or , or , I do n't know - they just say that they need it .
And for once , Congress is n't falling all over itself to give the generals whatever they want .
So get ready to hear about lithium in Afghanistan , oil in Iraq , and diamonds in your bathtub .
With 14 million Americans out of work , support for endless war is crumbling .
People want an America that is # 1 in health , # 1 in education , # 1 in quality of life , not # 1 in number of foreign countries occupied .
Send an e-mail to your Member of Congress .
Ask him or her to oppose the " emergency supplemental " for more and more war .
Hope .
Change .
How about some peace , for a change ?
Courage ,
Alan Grayson "
The http://congressmanwithguts.com website is working on a project to prove to congress members from around the country that they can do this sort of thing too , if they only find the guts .
Here 's how Grayson explains his fundraising campaign :
" On JUNE 28 , 1919 , the United States put an end to a world war , after less than two years of fighting .
In 1945 , the United States ended another world war , after less than four years of fighting .
But in 2010 , we are embroiled in two wars , after almost nine years of fighting .
When will it end ?
When Blackwater and Halliburton say so ?
When we 're all broke ?
It 's time that someone spoke out for peace .
We need jobs , better health , and a clean environment , not endless war .
Join our June 28 Peace Party , and contribute .
WE WANT PEACE ! "
Put something in the hat , please !
And watch this :
_______
Does Your Stockbroker Know More About Investing
Than you do ?
It is truly amazing how many people entrust their entire life savings to stockbrokers who know absolutely nothing or very little about investing .
In their defense , many stockbrokers may be honest individuals who truly want to help their clients .
However , the problem is that they were never trained to be investors but instead were trained to be salespeople , and they are constantly being pushed by their employers to sell .
After being recruited by a brokerage company , they are subjected to intensive sales training where they are taught how to cold - call , prospect for clients , and counter various clients ’ objections .
The actual education on how to select and analyze particular investments is limited .
Stockbrokers are Trained for Sales , Not for Investment Research
Brokerage companies spend millions of dollars every year on training new stockbrokers .
Because more than two - thirds of them leave the industry within a few years , the industry has become good at training and attracting the right candidates .
They lure them in with advertisements promising unlimited income potential and high - end lifestyles .
However , brokerage companies are not interested in just anyone – they want people who will sell .
For example , they are not interested in hiring good investors because they want people who can sell their investment products and generate commissions .
Good investors spend time researching and studying possible investments .
From the company ’s point of view , the time spent on researching is time not spent on prospecting and bringing in more clients .
After the training , stockbrokers are judged by their companies based on how much they can generate in terms of commissions and fees instead of the quality of the returns of their clients ’ portfolios .
They have to meet certain quotas such as commission amounts and the number of new accounts opened during particular periods .
If they do n’t meet them , they lose their jobs .
The brokerage firms are also known for having sales contests where brokers compete for expensive vacations , boats , and TVs .
The purpose of these contests is to generate high commissions by motivating brokers to sell , and to create a hierarchical system where some of them are viewed as superior to others .
In this kind of environment , brokers are likely to focus on how much money they can make off their clients , not how much money they can make for their clients .
Investors Need to Educate Themselves
If people were aware of really goes on in the investment industry , they would think twice about whom to entrust their money to .
Investing is not rocket science , yet it requires some basic knowledge .
Unless people make investment education a priority in their lives , they will continue to be easy targets of an industry that is that is more concerned with its profits than the well - being of its clients .
June 25 , 2010
" WE CONCLUDE this trial , Your Honor , where we began .
This case is about marriage and equality . "
So began the closing argument of the lawyer challenging California 's Proposition 8 , which revoked marriage rights for same - sex couples in California just months after it was made legal .
Perry v. Schwarzenegger , a lawsuit filed on behalf of two same - sex couples , calls on the federal courts to declare Prop 8 unconstitutional .
The case got underway in a federal courtroom in January and has stretched on until now .
A decision from Judge Vaughn Walker is expected sometime in the coming days and weeks .
Both pro- and anti-LGBT rights groups are looking forward to the ruling with keen anticipation , but everyone realizes there will almost certainly be an appeal of any decision -- and the case could well end up before the Supreme Court years from now .
Speaking to a packed courtroom and an overflow crowd , Theodore Olson -- formerly a lawyer for the Bush White House , but now arguing in favor of marriage equality -- stated that Prop 8 deprived gays and lesbians in California of the " fundamental constitutional right to marry " in violation of the Fourteenth Amendment .
Large crowds gathered outside San Francisco 's Civic Center to protest the passage of Proposition 8 ( Steve Rhodes )
Responding to the anti-marriage equality claim that marriage should be restricted to " one man , one woman " because that 's " tradition , " Olson pointed out the landmark Loving v. Virginia that overturned legal bans on interracial marriage in 1967 , and the Supreme Court decision in 1954 Brown v. Board of Education overturning racial segregation in schools :
" We 've always done it that way " ... is the corollary to " Because I say so . " ... You can't have continued discrimination in public schools because you have always done it that way ... You can't have continued discrimination between races on the basis of marriage because you have always done it that way . "
Both the Brown and Loving decisions were based on the Fourteenth Amendment , which in 1868 overruled the Dred Scott Decision that held that African Americans " had no rights which the white man was bound to respect . "
Charles Cooper , the lawyer defending Prop 8 on behalf of the original supporters of the measure , insisted that the same - sex marriage ban should be upheld because " the central purpose of marriage in virtually all societies and at all times has been to channel potentially procreative sexual relationships into enduring stable unions . "
Ironically , Cooper 's support for social engineering by the state regarding sexual relationships contrasts with an influential Yes on 8 ad during the 2008 campaign , which quoted San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom saying that same - sex marriage would pass " whether you like it or not " -- in other words , an appeal to fears of state interference and arrogance .
Cooper also stated that the purpose of heterosexual marriage is to provide an " enduring and stable family environment for the sake of raising the children so that essentially the society itself ... does n't have to step in and take upon its own shoulders the obligations to help in the raising of those children . "
There could n't be a clearer illustration of the fact that the anti-marriage equality forces do n't care about protecting California 's children .
They want to preserve the traditional nuclear family , where women are responsible for the burden of raising those children .
SOME SUPPORTERS of marriage equality have criticized the strategy of filing suit against Prop 8 because the case , even if successful at a lower level , will probably end up before a Supreme Court stacked with right - wing justices .
But court cases do n't take place in a vacuum .
It 's also critical what happens in the streets -- a point underlined by Judge Walker 's question to Olson about whether there was a " political tide " in favor of same - sex marriage that would make the Supreme Court more likely to uphold a decision to overturn Prop 8 .
In 2008 , California became the second state after Massachusetts to legalize same - sex marriage as a result of a California Supreme Court decision that denying gays and lesbians equal marriage rights violated the state constitution .
The decision came in a lawsuit against the state filed by the ACLU , Lambda Legal and the National Center of Lesbian Rights after the same state Supreme Court forced San Francisco to stop issuing marriage licenses to same - sex couples , a move by Gavin Newsom in defiance of state law .
As soon as the court legalized equal marriage , anti-LGBT forces , with major backing from the Mormon and the Roman Catholic Churches and a variety of right - wing politicians , immediately submitted signatures for a ballot measure to overturn same - sex marriage .
The battle in the run-up to the November 2008 elections was hard - fought .
More than $ 83 million was raised by Yes on 8 and No on 8 forces , nearly an even split with some $ 3 million more for marriage equality .
In the end , Prop 8 passed narrowly by 52 - 48 percent , a disappointment for many on a day that produced the first African American president .
The passage of Prop 8 stirred anger immediately .
Starting on Election Night itself and continuing through the week , people in California and across the country took to the streets in protest , producing a new stage in the movement for equal rights for LGBT people and a new generation of activists , known as " Stonewall 2.0 . "
The upsurge in struggle grew in the aftermath and the election , leading to new grassroots organizations coalescing , like Join the Impact , the San Diego Alliance for Marriage Equality and One Struggle , One Fight in San Francisco .
On May 26 of last year , tens of thousands protested in California and across the country when the California Supreme Court upheld Prop 8 .
And in October , more than 200,000 people demonstrated in Washington , D.C. , at the National Equality March , demanding full federal equality for LGBT people .
Since then , activists with Equality Across America have held regional conferences and continued organizing protests , along with other newly formed organizations .
This resurgence of activism is the important political context that makes the success of Perry v. Schwarzenegger a possibility .
IN AUGUST 2009 , the newly formed American Foundation for Equal Rights ( AFER ) filed a federal lawsuit in California on behalf of two same - sex couples who were denied marriage licenses by Alameda and Los Angeles Counties .
The case became Perry v. Schwarzenegger and is being argued by Theodore Olson and David Boies , the attorneys who faced off against each other in front of the U.S. Supreme Court in the Bush v. Gore case that decided the 2000 presidential race .
The state of California declined to challenge the lawsuit , and so the defense was taken up by the organizations that Prop 8 in the first place .
From the beginning , the defenders of Prop 8 fought tooth - and - nail to keep details of the Yes on 8 campaign , as well as their arguments in Perry v. Schwarzenegger , away from the public eye , blocking access to campaign documents and preventing video of the trial from being broadcast on YouTube .
The anti-marriage equality forces have something to hide .
Behind their claims that Prop 8 is about protecting children and families is something more sinister : bigotry .
In his testimony at the Perry trial , Dr. William Tam , who supervised the language of Prop 8 , testified that he believes " homosexuality is linked to pedophilia ... polygamy and incest . "
During the run-up to the passage of the measure , Tam wrote that if Prop 8 does n't pass , " they will lose no time pushing the gay agenda , " which according to Tam includes " legalizing sex with children . "
Tam himself seeks to push his bigoted views on children .
He is executive director of the Traditional Family Coalition , which sponsored an essay contest ( with a $ 3,000 scholarship as top prize ) inviting high school students " to suggest ways to reduce social problems , " followed by a list that puts " homosexuality " on par with " political corruption , " the " AIDS epidemic " and " gang violence . "
In the face of such ugly hate , it 's hard to deny the point made by Dr. Gregory Herek , a University of California Davis professor and expert on sexual orientation , at the trial : " Structural stigma in the form of laws that discriminate against LGBT people directly encourages social stigma , harassment , and violence . "
A victory in the Perry case , even if an appeal is assured , will give supporters of marriage equality more confidence to continue the struggle .
But whichever way this case goes , the fight will go on .
Although Brown v. Board of Education outlawed school segregation in 1954 , it took 10 years of mass protest to overturn Jim Crow in the South .
Finally winning marriage equality will depend on continued pressure from below .
Image caption A site called Jellyparties was registered for BBC series Psychoville .
The BBC has revealed 154 web addresses other than bbc.co.uk and bbc.com that it has registered .
Following a Freedom of Information request , the BBC confirmed that it owns URLs including bestmurders.co.uk , jellyparties.co.uk and watchagrownmanrot.co.uk .
Many of the addresses on the list were a combination of the BBC and a language such as bbcfrench.com and bbcczech.com .
Others related to characters and storylines from dramas and comedies .
Some were withheld because they contained programme spoilers .
A significant proportion of the sites were connected to former drama series or plotlines , such as badwolf.org.uk and singlessos.co.uk , which featured in earlier episodes of Doctor Who and Torchwood .
Breathingplaces.org was set up at the same time as a BBC campaign about getting close to nature .
It redirects to a search results page with the official website at the top .
Others not covered by the Freedom of Information
Act were omitted from the disclosure , said the BBC in a statement .
" Many of the domain names operated are related to programmes and services and are therefore not covered by the Act , " said the corporation in a letter to FOI requester Steve Elibank .
In terms of ensuring that a site is displayed prominently in search engine results pages , the domain name itself is less important than the relevant keywords within the individual parts of the site , but it still makes a difference said Murray Dick , lecturer in online journalism at Brunel University .
" If you look at a highly competitive keyword area like health and well - being , you 'll find no shortage of results from companies who have set up domains using words like ' sixpack ' , who rank competitively with more established sources of information on health and well - being , " he said .
" Organisations exploit this fact to earn lots of money on Google 's AdSense service . "
In its response , the BBC also said it did not wish to disclose its " naming strategy " in order to avoid losing money to cybersquatters in the future .
Cybersquatters register domain names once a new brand becomes public and then demand inflated prices to hand over the address .
" In the past unscrupulous people have waited for the announcement of new companies ( or mergers and acquisitions ) , and where domains have n't been acquired prior to the information coming out in PR releases , they have made a killing by getting in there quickly , and selling on the domain later , " said Mr Dick .
Singer Madonna won a legal battle over rights to the domain madonna.com in October 2000 .
The registered owner was using it to host explicit material .
For over six years , CSS3 columns have been available to us ; yet , strangely , they 're rarely utilized .
Because they currently are only supported in Mozilla and Webkit - based browsers , this means that - again - no support in Internet Explorer .
But that 's okay !
The world will not end if IE users see one longer paragraph .
I 'll show you how to use this helpful module in today 's video quick tip .
column - count :
The desired number of columns for the element .
The desired number of columns for the element .
column - gap : The padding between each column .
The padding between each column .
column - rule :
The divider for each column ; can be used to specify a border .
The divider for each column ; can be used to specify a border .
column - width : Used to specifically state the width of each column .
Please note that we must prefix each property with the - webkit or - moz , accordingly ; so : - webkit - column - count .
Do you use CSS columns in your projects ?
If no , why not ?
Ron Greve expects the worst is yet to come in the oil spill drama that is haranguing beach towns all along the US Gulf Coast .
So , like a growing number of residents , the Pensacola Beach solar - cell salesman took a hazardous materials class and received a “ hazmat card ” upon graduation .
Those cards , says Mr. Greve , could become critical in coming weeks and months .
In the case of a hurricane hitting the 250 - mile wide slick and pushing it over sand dunes and into beach towns , residents fear they ’ll face not only mass evacuations , but potential permanent relocation .
Storm - wizened locals know that it can take days , even weeks , for roads to open and authorities to allow residents to return to inspect the damage and start to rebuild after a hurricane moves through .
IN PICTURES : Response to the oil spill on the Gulf Coast
In the case of a “ toxic storm , ” only residents with hazmat cards would be allowed to cross bridges to return home , Greve says , since toxicity risks would be too high for untrained residents .
“ You ’d have to have these cards to be able to return , ” says Mr. Greve .
“ In these classes , they basically tell you that swallowing even a small amount of the oil or getting some on your hands and then having a smoke could be deadly . ”
Fears about ecological damage have dominated concerns around the spill , which began when the Deepwater Horizon rig , leased by BP , exploded on April 20 , killing 11 people .
The rig sank two days later and oil began rushing into the open Gulf .
But if a Gulf hurricane whips the toxic rusty mousse hovering offshore onto land , the impact on human communities and health could become a focal point .
At the very least , return for residents could take much longer , potentially forcing dissolution , residents fear , of entire island , bay and river communities along the densely populated Gulf Coast .
That scenario is part of what ’s driving frustration among many local officials on the Gulf , who want a more concerted and ramped - up skimming effort by the BP - Coast Guard Unified Command in New Orleans .
A super - tanker skimmer known as the A Whale , capable of collecting 500,000 barrels of oily water a day , is en route to the Gulf , but its owners have not been assured that it can join the surface clean - up effort .
Some members of Congress have criticized the administration for not moving faster to ask for international skimming fleets to help corral more of the slick .
On Friday , the Coast Guard announced it would start moving boats and rigs away from the Deepwater Horizon geyser site 120 hours before a hurricane ’s approach , at that point ending all collection efforts and delaying the drilling of relief wells , which are now on track to plug the well by late August – the height of the hurricane season .
The geyser blowing at full tilt without a containment cap could spew between 35,000 and 60,000 barrels of oil a day , possibly more .
Moreover , scientists have predicted one of the busiest Gulf hurricane seasons in years , expecting between 14 and 23 named storms and 14 hurricanes this summer – compared to a long - term average of 11 named storms per season .
Tropical Storm Alex formed in the western Caribbean on Saturday , and forecasters said it was unclear if it would hit the massive oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico , the Associated Press reported .
Forecasters at the National Hurricane Center in Miami said early Saturday that the storm has maximum sustained winds of about 40 mph .
Most storm models show Alex traveling over the Yucatan Peninsula of Mexico over the weekend , hurricane forecaster Jack Bevens said .
Bevens noted it ’s too soon to say with certainty if the storm will pass over the oiled Gulf , though for now it ’s not expected to hit the spill .
If it does , says Greve , “ That ’d be a real mess . ”
IN PICTURES : Response to the oil spill on the Gulf Coast
Related :
Active hurricane season ahead : too soon to tell oil spill 's impact
Jones Act : Maritime politics strain Gulf oil spill cleanup
Gulf oil spill :
Will a hurricane throw off efforts at the well ?
photo ( c ) Mark Pickthal
Renowned for his adventurous sculptural light works and installations , Bruce Munro with the kind support of UK press and BBC Wiltshire radio , urged readers and listeners to send unwanted CDs to his workshop some weeks ago .
The reason ?
Munro visualized an inland sea made of unwanted CDs .
The public response was massive and hundreds of CDs arrived from all over the UK and as far afield as California and Brazil .
photo ( c ) Mark Pickthal
“ You never know how something will work out , but now I could not be happier .
I ’m so grateful to everyone who turned out to help .
We had a magical weekend and CDSea looks amazing , like a giant painting on the grass . ”
Bruce Munro
Over the past weekend ( 19 - 20 June ) 140 friends of Murno and colleagues , including Kevin McCloud and other celebrities from the design - art world , helped to lay the installation .
The grass was mowed at Long Knoll field near Kilmington to prepare the ‘ canvas ’ , and on Saturday each CD was laid with a stone on it , to prevent wind damage .
This proved to be time - consuming and so the stone laying was abandoned on Sunday .
The result ?
A stunning inland sea made of 600.000 CDs which are dazzling like mirrors reflecting sunlight and moonlight .
photo ( c ) Bruce Murno
The ‘ CDSea ’ concept was conceived in Australia thirty years ago , one Sunday afternoon on a rocky peninsula at Nielsen Park , Sydney , which had become a meditative spot for Munro .
“ The light was still strong , like a blanket of shimmering silver light .
I had this childish notion that by putting my hand in the sea I was somehow connected to my home in Salcombe , where my father lived //// I came away from the beach in a very positive frame of mind ” he says .
The quality of the light left a lasting impression on Munro as a young boy because it was the first time he was aware that the “ play of light ” had transformed his mood and he was astonished that something so familiar had the power to alter his emotional state .
“ CD Sea ” is a reconstruction of this moment , which became a turning point in his life .
photo ( c ) Mark Pickthal
Munro ’s ‘ CDSea ’ is the first of a number of self - funded installations using discarded or recycled materials , planned for Long Knoll Field , which is bisected by a public footpath and will be on public view for the next two months .
After roughly two months in place the installation will be disbanded and all the CDs sent to a recycling plant in Frome .
photo ( c ) Mark Pickthal
( detail ) , photo ( c ) Mark Pickthal
BEACH SAND CLEANING RAKES sift rocks , shells , tarballs , glass , and other debris from sand .
Mini -Tines quickly rake sticks , contaminated seaweed and other large oil soaked debris from beach sand .
Auto - sifting feature doubles productivity and eliminates excess sand removal .
They are the ultimate beach cleaning hand tools and are used on beaches from Florida to California .
Pristine Beach Again : La Jolla , CA
Shake 'n
Rake outperforms all other beach cleaning hand tools .
Volunteers at the scenic children 's pool successfully removed seal droppings ...
Continue
Quality Hand Tools for Cleaning Sand Beaches
Equi-Tee sand cleaning rakes are the standard by which all other sifting hand tools are judged !
Available in two standard screen sizes sizes ( and optionally with finer screens ) , they will efficiently sift debris down to 1/4 inch .
They can be manually agitated or come equipped with an integral motor to auto - sift the beach sand .
They are mounted to a full length fiberglass shaft with a comfortable ergonomic grip .
They are chemical , oil , salt and heat resistant making them ideal as a beach sand cleaning product .
Equi-Tee Shake 'n Rakes function as sand rakes , forks , shovels and screens , eliminating the need to carry multiple sand cleaning tools .
It is unnecessary to have one worker shovel up the goo and sand , only to dump it into another workers screen , and then into a bag .
With these tarball sifting rakes , one worker can do it all !
There are no other beach cleaning tools that will sift sand and pick small oil soaked debris as effectively as our Mini - Tine forks and the auto - sifting Shake 'n Rake is the only hand tool of its kind in the world , eliminating virtually all excessive sand removal .
Include them both as part of an effective beach cleaning program or oil spill contingency plan .
Multi-Industry Proven
Equi-Tee Rakes are patented ( 7,222,899 ) and are sold worldwide .
They have been used and proven in the agricultural industry for sifting horse waste from stalls and cleaning outdoor pastures , in golf courses for sifting bunker sand as well as for recreational lake shoreline cleaning where debris or seaweed removal is required .
The patented ( 7,222,900 ) Shake 'n Rake is a purpose built version incorporating an auto - sifting function , a screened basket design , a larger standard battery pack and additional modifications for the sand environment .
Equi -tee rakes function well as forks and are used to incorporate oil bio-remediation bacteria into beach sand .
Governments , cleanup agencies , hotel and beach managers can utilize this beach sand sifting tool to help make beach cleanup more effective .
Order yours today .
The Equi - Tee Flex'n Fork with a Mini - Tine ( tm ) basket is the most effective way to manually clean debris such as sticks , seaweed , animal waste , rocks , shells , tree debris and tar balls from wet or damp beach sand .
If the sand is dry , a screened Shake 'n Rake version removes the need to manually agitate at all .
Both beach sand cleaning rakes quickly and easily separate the sand from the oil or other debris so that all you dispose of is the contamination , leaving more clean sand on the beach .
Equi-Tee Manufactures these specialized forks with an optimized tine spacing of only 5/16 of an inch apart .
The screened versions have optional 1/4 inch or 3/8 inch screen sizes and smaller versions special ordered down to 1/16 of an inch !
The patented Mini- Tine forks pick up the smallest tarballs , yet lets the beach sand sift through .
With a full length handle it ends the continual stooping to pick up debris , and allows beaches to be quickly and effectively cleaned of oil and contaminates .
Order yours today .
Motorized Forks
The motorized Shake 'n Rake is for cleaning large expanses of beach that would be nearly impossible to do by manually sifting .
It is similar the Flex'n Fork but an integral motor automatically performs the function of manually sifting the sand , so all the operator needs to do is hold the grip and squeeze the variable speed trigger .
It incorporates rechargeable Lithium Ion batteries and a small motor with variable speeds to gently agitate the tines without breaking the debris .
This automatic sifting function speeds the process of cleaning while greatly reducing the effort required to manually sift .
An additional benefit of the powered Shake 'n Rake is that with most screened tools , damp sand will not flow through a the screen .
However , because this is a powered fork , the sand easily sifts through .
When it is used in dry sand it is beach sand cleaning magic !
Although this motorized version can be used with dry or damp sand it should not be used for wet sand or in the water .
Order yours today .
Handy tools for Cleaning Oily Debris
The larger Flex'n Fork is also with the Standard Width tine spacing basket is suited for oil cleanup where larger debris must be collected .
Straw and marsh debris as well as oil absorbent pads can all be captured in an oil spill containment area , especially one utilizing oil booms .
Equi-Tee oil clean up forks sift oily debris to be removed and the water is left behind .
Unlike a shovel , these forks only capture what you want to dispose of , reducing the volume of oily waste .
As an oil spill cleaning product , it should be first on your list .
Order yours today
.
Order the screened and powered Shake 'n Rake here for only $ 349.00 $ 249.00 .
Order the screened Flex 'n Fork here for only $ 128.95 $ 94.95 .
View Assembly Instructions HERE
SPECIAL THANKS TO CROWDER GULF FOR THEIR HELP IN THE GULF !!!
Overview of Current Methods to Clean Beach Sand
A White Paper for IATAP presentation is available here as a PDF
Cleaning beaches by hand is a labor intensive and tedious process , especially when picking up tarballs using the traditional hand tool selection of heavy shovels , rakes , screens and bags .
Using these tools is terribly inefficient , uses manpower ineffectively and often generates a mountain of garbage bags mostly full of clean beach sand and only a small percentage of oil .
Imperfect Method 1 : Worker one scoops up small tarball with a shovel .
Along with the tar comes two cups of clean sand which is dumped into the bag worker two is holding .
After 3 or four scoops , the bag has reached its recommend fill level and set aside for disposal .
Many bags hold less than 10 % of their contents in tar balls so excessive bags are filled with minimal beach remediation .
Abysmal Method 2 : Worker one scoops up the tarballs and sand with a shovel and dumps it into worker two and three 's screen .
These workers proceeds to manually agitate the screen , then dumps the remains into the bag that worker four is holding .
Neither worker one or worker four can perform any faster than worker two and three can sift .
Although this method puts a higher percentage of oily debris into the bag , it does so at a terrible cost in manpower with the four men working to pick up one small tarball .
Better Practices Method !
Worker one places his bag on the ground , open end up .
Using his lightweight Equi - Tee Mini- Tine sifting fork he scoops up the tarball and sand .
By manually agitating the tines , the optimal narrow tine spacing of the fork allows the sand to sift through , leaving mostly debris and tar balls in the basket .
He disposes of the tarball into the bag , picks up the bag , and moves to the next location .
Best Practices Method !
Worker one uses his Equi - Tee Shake 'n Fork to gather the tarballs and sand into a row or pile .
He then uses the auto - sifting function to quickly and effortlessly sift virtually all the sand from the tarballs .
The oil is dumped into a bag , with a far larger percentage of the contents being tarballs .
Ideally the Shake 'n Fork operator should be part of a four person team , where two other workers are gathering the oily sand into piles or rows .
Then one worker holds the bag open and the other sifts out the sand and deposits the oil into the bag .
If a large bucket or container were used , bag use could be eliminated altogether .
With our specialized Mini-tine fork and powered Shake 'n Fork , the same number of workers can clean far more efficiently , picking up many times more the beach area in the same amount of time .
In addition the volume of sand waste is greatly reduced , making this waste easier to transport , store and eventually dispose of .
Made in the USA
Founded in 1998 as an offshoot of Equi - Tee Farm and Fence , the company has already developed other well - known agricultural and forestry accessories such as Equi - Tee horse fencing and Max - flow air filters .
Inventor Joseph Berto and his wife operate a horse breeding and training facility in Oregon and when it became clear that there was a need to improve the beach cleaning tools available , Joseph used the resources of the company to develop and test the Equi - Tee Sift'n Forks .
The beach cleanup hand tools are manufactured and assembled in the USA by Equi - Tee Manufacturing .
Equi-tee Manufacturing is located in Medford , Oregon and operates injection molding machines using our own tooling .
All of the assembly is done in house .
These forks have been sold worldwide and are known for their durability and ease of use .
Equi-Tee forks can be shipped via UPS to any location in the USA , FOB our warehouse .
Except for attaching the basket , they are fully assembled .
Larger quantities can be shipped on a pallet via truck .
Information from NOAA about Tar Balls :
- They are the remnants of crude oil dumped into the ocean by marine vessels or , in this case , by a the B.P. Deepwater Horizon 's blown - out undersea well .
They are " little , dark - colored pieces of oil that stick to our feet when we go to the beach , " according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
- During the initial stages of a spill , the oil will spread into a thin slick , leaving it susceptible to tearing by wind and wave action .
The smaller patches that result often disperse over a wide area and some of the crude mixes with water to form an emulsion that looks like chocolate pudding .
- This mix is thicker and stickier than the original oil in the spill , but it can still be torn by wind and waves .
The smaller pieces it breaks into are tar balls .
_ They can be as big as pancakes but are mostly coin-sized , according to NOAA .
THREATS TO HUMAN HEALTH / WILDLIFE
- Tar balls " are very persistent in the marine environment and can travel hundreds of miles , " NOAA said
- " For most people , an occasional brief contact with a small amount of oil , while not recommended , will do no harm .
However , some people are especially sensitive to chemicals , including the hydrocarbons found in crude oil , " it said .
" They may have an allergic reaction or develop rashes . "
- Sea turtles are known to eat tar balls .
Dr Gilly Llewellyn , the Oceans Program Manager for WWF - Australia , a conservation group , said tar balls can " attract a curious or hungry turtle " with often fatal results .
- Tar balls can also heat up and ooze into the sand , fouling crucial nesting habitat for turtles , said John Hocevar , the Oceans Campaign Director for Greenpeace USA .
TAR BALL CLEAN UP
- " There is no magic trick to making tar balls disappear .
Once tar balls hit the beaches , they may be picked up by hand or by beach - cleaning machinery .
If the impact is severe , the top layer of sand containing the tar balls may be removed and replaced with clean sand , " NOAA said
The brain ’s perfect hemisphere controls visual creativity and spatial perception .
It is dominant in music art , and motion .
Drawing and the arts practice some of the brains that are increasingly being considered as not being significant ( educationally speaking ) .
Funding for art programs throughout the nation eliminated to the detriment of our children or has been slashed .
Arts is a big element in a childhood brain development – our mind is split into two section hemispheres .
Which is hemisphere processes information such as mathematics , and writing , reading , arithmetic , are all actions which are controlled by their brain ’s left hemisphere .
This hemisphere is responsible for analytical and logical thought .
The classroom does have a side that is participatory but it ’s sorely lacking in interactivity .
Art and drawing is one of the most effective methods to bring into your child ’s life .
Time later time artwork raises cognitive drawing and capability is still the foundation in saying .
Kiddies begin to attract when should they believe that they are able to learn to draw , they ’re very youthful and certainly will last to attract .
http://freedomwatchonfox.com
PETROL / BLOOD - Goeddy / Honigkuchenpferd
So it is time to get this thing going .
So we 've been throwing some ideas around , concepting and building some stuff and now its time to document the process and get some feedback in here .
So its go …
Next week , 20th Century Fox is releasing The A - Team , an action movie based on the popular ’ 80s television show directed by Joe Carnahan , one of our favorite filmmakers for his outspoken no - bull attitude .
It may very well be the movie that finally breaks out Carnahan with mainstream audiences .
ComingSoon.net / SuperHeroHype had a chance to speak with Smokin ’
Joe about the movie earlier today , and we wanted to ask him about a project he had been rumored to direct a few years ago based on the Marvel Comics villain Taskmaster , who first appeared in " Avengers " # 196 .
It had been some time since we had heard anything about this , so we were curious whether this was a real movie he was still interested in making or not .
He told us a little bit of why he thought the Taskmaster would make a cool movie :
" For Alex ( Young , producer of " The A - Team " ) I was going to do Taskmaster .
Originally I wanted to do Juggernaut ’ cause I had a really good take on that , and then Taskmaster was something we talked about , and I have n’t discussed it with him for ages , but I would love to get back in .
I love the idea of a guy with photographic reflexes , he can see something and repeat it , I thought that was such a cool idea .
I think there ’s a Moon Knight series where he just beats the sh*t out of Taskmaster and kind of ruined him , and it ’s a cool character .
I think it might be one of those Marvel characters you really need to reimagine because he ’s got the whole skull and cape — it ’s a bit grandiose I think — but it would certainly be a cool thing . "
" It was very much in the realm of the Punisher , " he continued .
" It ’s kind of funny because it ’s almost what they were going to do with Deadpool , that same sort of smart - ass thing , before they went the way of –and I know that there are fans that hated Fox for doing that whole thing with Deadpool and Reynolds in ‘ Wolverine ’ – but you have to create that differentiation .
I think at least Taskmaster , he ’s so below the radar .
He ’s even below where Blade was considered a B - tier Marvel character , this guy is even lesser - known .
It would be a lot of fun to write it as a series and then see what came from there . "
While that certainly sounds promising , we were even more thrilled when Carnahan offered to us his interest in making a movie based on Garth Ennis and Steve Dillon ’s Vertigo comic book Preacher .
This is a project that has been brewing for years , suffering in development hell before Mark Steven Johnson tried developing it as an HBO show , before returning to development as a feature film .
Director Sam Mendes was interested and a script was being written by John August , but then Mendes left to direct the next James Bond movie .
Of the directors who have been mentioned , Carnahan certainly would make a good choice considering how his own style of writing and filmmaking meshes so well with what Ennis and Dillon were trying to do in " Preacher . "
" I ’m kind of desperate to do another comic book adaptation , " he told us .
" And the other thing I ’m really keen on or interested in is ‘ Preacher ’ because I ’m a big Garth Ennis fan and I love that series and that ’s out there , and that might be something …
I really love that .
You gotta do the Allfather ( D’Aronique ) and all that crazy sh*t and I have n’t seen a script and I do n’t know what it is , but yeah , we ’ll see .
Who knows ? "
Look for our full interview with Carnahan over on ComingSoon .
net next week before The A - Team opens on June 11 .
Editor ’s Note :
The following article is reprinted from CIO.com .
Visit CIO ’s Macs in the Enterprise page .
Steve Jobs had a serious and embarrassing Wi -Fi problem to deal with .
It was plain to the thousands in attendance and the tons more people watching online :
On Monday at the Worldwide Developers Conference , Jobs was struggling with wireless connectivity while attempting to demonstrate the new features of Apple ’s iPhone 4 .
“ Our networks in here are always unpredictable , so ... I have no idea what we 're going to find , ” he said .
“ They are slow today . ”
What Jobs did next , according to Carmine Gallo , author of The Presentation Secrets of Steve Jobs , was vintage Jobs ( and a model for how presenters should deal with stage crises ) :
He did not panic .
He did not look hot under the collar of his trademark turtleneck .
His hours of practice and intimate knowledge of every inch of every slide made him comfortable enough so that he could jump around to another part of the presentation ( in this case , to look at photos ) .
Jobs “ trouble shooted ” his problem by asking the audience ( and , presumably , his back - stage engineers ) for a little networking assistance .
“ You know , you could help me out .
If you 're on Wi -Fi , if you could just get off , ” he pleaded , to roaring audience laughter .
“ I ’d appreciate it .
We 're having a little problem here . ”
And he sprinkled in several more bits of humor to diffuse any audience insecurity .
“ I ’ve got time , ” he joked , while waiting for the audience to “ police each other . ”
“ It was brilliantly done , ” Gallo says .
“ He ’s so well prepared that he knew what was coming next .
He had a backup and went back to the photographs without missing a beat .
And it did n’t bring the whole presentation to a halt . ”
What every presenter needs to realize about this episode :
It certainly was n’t the first time Jobs suffered a presentation - related mix up , and it probably wo n’t be the last .
High - tech gear has become intertwined in almost every presentation today , and technology , as we all know , is like child actors and animals :
It can never be counted on to act predictably once up on stage .
So , what should you do if this type of a Jobsian situation happens to you ?
Here are expert tips for recovering from a presentation problem .
Have backup plans
The list of things that could go wrong during a presentation is horrifying and endless :
You ’re using PowerPoint , and the application freezes .
Network speeds plummet .
Your handheld device crashes .
An embedded video that is a key piece of your presentation just wo n’t load .
And then you start getting heckled , and your powers of comedic relief are inaccessible .
Cue the dreaded awkward silence .
First things first : Practice , practice , practice , implores Gallo .
“ Jobs knows every slide on that presentation , every font on that presentation , ” he says .
“ I ca n’t tell you how many hours he put into that presentation , but guaranteed , he put in more rehearsal time than 99 percent of people ever will , because most people do not put in this time . ”
( Gallo notes that those apps developer who shared the stage Jobs most likely “ put in 100 hours of work for their two minutes . ” )
That preparedness can equal comfort up on stage when things go awry , because they always do , Gallo says .
“ No matter how much time , work , energy and money you put into presentation , guess what : Something will probably not go according to plan , ” he says .
“ It ’s Murphy 's Law :
When something is supposed to work when you 're introducing a new product or system , there ’s going to be a glitch . ”
What typically happens to those unprepared is this :
The presentation comes to a screeching halt .
“ The speaker really does n’t know what to do next , ” Gallo says .
“ They stop talking .
They start fiddling with the product , and you can see the brains and the wheels spinning as to : What am I going to do next ? ”
Gallo adds : “ You need to ask yourself :
What ’s my backup ?
On that one part of the presentation , when I have to go to something technical or go to a live link or demonstration :
What ’s my backup if it fails ? ”
You can be imperfect , but be entertaining
Sure , he ’s the CEO of the tech company with the highest market cap on the planet .
But Jobs is well aware of the power of a self - deprecating joke or humorous story .
Or a plea for help .
“ People get a little too consumed into thinking : I ’m the presenter .
Everything has to be absolutely perfect , ” Gallo says .
“ And then when you ’re up on stage and something goes wrong , you ’re kind of naked .
Then it becomes uncomfortable .
But Steve Jobs is always comfortable . ”
Gallo says any presentation must do three things : 1 . Inform .
2 . Educate . 3 Entertain .
“ If you forget the entertainment part , that ’s when you ’re going to get caught up in yourself , and small glitches are going to turn into big problems , ” he says .
“ It ’s OK to entertain people and make jokes about what ’s happening . ”
Gallo recalls a presentation Jobs made a few years back when a presentation slide would n't advance .
Calmly , Jobs announced that the slides were n’t advancing — “ so that his people would know there was an issue , ” Gallo says .
“ And he ’s troubleshooting as he ’s speaking : “ There ’s a slide problem and they ’re not advancing ... oh well , someone will get that fixed . ’”
That led Jobs to bring up a fond and funny story about him and cofounder Steve Wozniak .
While Jobs told the story ( which the audience loved ) , the Apple team fixed the slide problem , and when Jobs ended the anecdote , he simply moved on .
“ He never let that glitch set him off his game , ” Gallo says .
Do n’t sweat the small stuff
The ability to deal with glitches demonstrates the difference between a good presenter and a below average one .
“ If it ’s a small enough glitch where nobody in the audience knows that something is supposed to happen , do n’t call attention to it , ” Gallo points out .
“ I ’ve seen this happen all the time .
People said : ‘ Oh , that slide is not supposed to be there . ’
Or : ‘ Oh , I do n’t want to show you that !’
It makes you look bad , and it brings the whole presentation to a halt . ”
In addition , you should n’t panic over a couple of seconds of silence as you gather yourself after a technical hiccup , such as a slow network connection .
“ When something like that happens , take your time , pause for a minute , and remember that it ’s OK to have some dead air , ” Gallo says .
“ People keep thinking they just have to keep talking , talking , talking through something because they are afraid of a vacuum of silence .
Twenty seconds to you may seem like an eternity , but it ’s not too big a deal in the context of a presentation . ”
During Jobs ’s WWDC presentation , there were several instances where he took some quiet time to try to remedy his technical issues and figure out his next step .
“ He was not afraid of the pause , ” Gallo points out .
His use of humor ( and , admittedly , an adoring crowd ) also helped to diffuse any audience discomfort .
Gallo ’s own “ One more thing ... ” ( e - mailed to me after our interview ) is a useful analogy that he tells his clients to remember when they invariably have to deal with a presentation mistake : “ When a figure skater falls , everyone is rooting for the person to get up and finish the performance , ” Gallo says .
“ Pull yourself up and get on with it .
Enjoy the performance . ”
This story , " How Steve Jobs beats presentation panic " was originally published by CIO .
This artist 's rendering depicts NASAs Voyager 2 spacecraft as it studies the outer limits of the heliosphere - a magnetic ' bubble ' around the solar system that is created by the solar wind .
Image credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech .
› Larger view
This image of the official Voyager clock , taken today , June 28 , 2010 , at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , shows that NASA 's Voyager 2 spacecraft has been operating continuously for 12,000 days .
The Voyager clock is kept at JPL .
Image Credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech .
This artist 's rendering depicts NASAs Voyager 2 spacecraft as it studies the outer limits of the heliosphere - a magnetic ' bubble ' around the solar system that is created by the solar wind .
Image credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech .
This image of the official Voyager clock , taken today , June 28 , 2010 , at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , shows that NASA 's Voyager 2 spacecraft has been operating continuously for 12,000 days .
The Voyager clock is kept at JPL .
Image Credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech .
NASA 's plucky Voyager 2 spacecraft has hit a long - haul operations milestone today ( June 28 ) - operating continuously for 12,000 days .
For nearly 33 years , the venerable spacecraft has been returning data about the giant outer planets , and the characteristics and interaction of solar wind between and beyond the planets .
Among its many findings , Voyager 2 discovered Neptune 's Great Dark Spot and its 450 - meter - per - second ( 1,000 - mph ) winds .
The two Voyager spacecraft have been the longest continuously operating spacecraft in deep space .
Voyager 2 launched on August 20 , 1977 , when Jimmy Carter was president .
Voyager 1 launched about two weeks later on Sept. 5 . The two spacecraft are the most distant human - made objects , out at the edge of the heliosphere - the bubble the sun creates around the solar system .
Mission managers expect Voyager 1 to leave our solar system and enter interstellar space in the next five years or so , with Voyager 2 on track to enter interstellar space shortly after that .
Having traveled more than 21 billion kilometers ( 13 billion miles ) on its winding path through the planets toward interstellar space , the spacecraft is now nearly 14 billion kilometers ( 9 billion miles ) from the sun .
A signal from the ground , traveling at the speed of light , takes about 12.8 hours one - way to reach Voyager 2 .
Voyager 1 will reach this 12,000 - day milestone on July 13 , 2010 after traveling more than 22 billion kilometers ( 14 billion miles ) .
Voyager 1 is currently more than 17 billion kilometers ( 11 billion miles ) from the sun .
The Voyagers were built by JPL , which continues to operate both spacecraft .
Caltech manages JPL for NASA .
For more information about the Voyagers , visit : http://voyager.jpl.nasa.gov/.
Since the age of the Druids , bees have been a symbol of wisdom .
The Greeks and the Celts used the symbolism as well , as did cultures in India and Egypt , Sumerian mythology , and Christianity .
Bees were the symbols of sun gods , earth goddesses , and the Virgin Mary .
In the Jewish story , Deborah — whose name means “ bee ” — was a prophet who saved her city from invaders .
In English , Welsh , Irish , Greek , and assorted other languages , the word “ bee ” is caught up by sound or by root with the word for “ to live ” or “ alive . ”
Even Charles Darwin was scared of the knowledge to be found in the bee hive , afraid their cooperative , altruistic lives could disprove his theory of evolution , perched as it was on that vicious idea of survival of the fittest .
Wisdom : From Philosophy to Neuroscience by Stephen S. Hall. 352 pages .
Knopf. $ 27.95 .
It seems Stephen S. Hall was struck by the millennia - long connection between bees and wisdom , as he bumps up against the hive in his research , remarking “ the bees again ! ” in Wisdom : From Philosophy to Neuroscience .
The correlation runs a little deeper , though .
We feed our bees corn syrup , truck them from state to state , throw out their honey , and spray their pollen supply with toxic insecticides and pesticides , and wonder why in the world they might be dying off in catastrophic numbers .
Congruently , we dismiss old people in our culture as invisible and worthless , we degrade and devalue some of the most basic components of wisdom , and the experts we listen to on the news are not the wisest people we can find , but those who can scream the loudest .
No wonder our supplies of both bees and wisdom are in such short supply these days .
Wisdom is not the same as knowledge , and so it seems odd it has attracted the attention of science .
There is such a thing as “ wisdom studies ” now , and in his book Hall talks to researchers and neuroscientists in a search for the latest information about wisdom .
Scientists treat wisdom the way they treat anything else .
They break it down into its smallest components to identify and test , and they attempt to figure out how it works , how to obtain it , and what it is .
There are , according to Hall and the researchers he meets , eight attributes of wisdom : Emotional Regulation , Knowing What ’s Important , Moral Reasoning , Compassion , Humility , Altruism , Patience , and Dealing with Uncertainty .
Tests are designed , studies are lined up , and college undergrads short of cash or in need of class credit are recruited as lab rats in our pursuit of wisdom .
The problem is that wisdom is elusive , and the act of reducing it down to a binary code seems ridiculous .
Take a common test for moral reasoning : A trolley is out of control and will kill five people unless you pull the lever for the trolley to switch tracks , resulting in the death of one person .
What do you do ?
Researchers later switched it up to find people ’s moral threshold :
How far would you go to save those five people ?
How much would you participate in that one person ’s death ?
Would you kill him or her with your own hands ?
The problem with the test is that it has only two answer choices : yes and no .
Life is messier than that .
As is morality .
There is no room on the survey to talk about survivor ’s guilt , or whether the value of life is equal for each individual , or finding alternatives to pushing someone to their death , like , say , yelling at the people on the track to get out of the goddamn way .
Luckily , Hall is wise enough to notice this .
He takes a skeptic ’s view of the tests ’ real world application ; he knows that everyone in the world knows how you ’re supposed to answer : you are supposed to kill the one to save the five .
What ’s more interesting is now that we have neuro - imaging , we can watch a person ’s brain at work , their emotional response , how rationality has to override disgust .
A person might give the right answer on the survey and still be the type of person who does n’t intervene when he or she hears a cry for help .
Hall writes :
There is a danger in seeing this as a map of isolated points rather than a three - dimensional , pulsing , dynamic network of neural coordination , one that is constantly changing , and changeable , one that is weighted with different inputs depending on our previous experiences , our learning , our mood that day , the general uncertainty or anxiety we may be feeling , our life circumstances at any time , our age and stage of life — a network that is , in a word , idiosyncratic .
He ’s referring here to our sense of fairness and our willingness to participate in altruistic behavior , but it could refer to almost any chapter in the entire book .
The problem with many behaviorists — and in particular this new splashy trend of the economist explaining society to us — is their simplistic reduction of our desires , motivation , and reasoning .
And so while the neuro - imaging might teach us that our brains are much more complex than the standard self - reporting tests reveal ( On a scale of one to 10 , how humble are you ? ) , the experiments break down when they try to encompass all we bring to every decision , or when they figure out why knowing the wise or moral thing to do does not lead one to actually do that thing .
( Although yes , they are developing studies to test for that . )
Some of the studies , however , have a wonderful sense of whimsy in their efforts to expose human nature .
Take , for instance , a 2007 study at Pennsylvania State University ’s Smeal College of Business , conducted by two economists .
They wanted to know if there was a correlation between narcissism in CEOs and volatility in that company ’s performance .
As they were unable to kidnap the various CEOs and put them through extensive personality testing , they examined “ the size of the leader ’s photograph in company documents , the length of entries in Who ’s Who , the frequency with which the CEO was mentioned in corporate press releases , and the number of times the CEO used the first - person singular ( I , me , mine , my , myself ) in interviews . ”
What they found was that the more narcissistic the CEO appeared to be , the more detrimental they were to the company .
And , of course , the results are now clearly visible to everyone who has been following the news of the United States financial system in the past two years .
Many people in Hall ’s book , from various researchers to Montaigne , put forth definitions of wisdom ; perhaps the best comes from John A. Meacham in his essay , “ The Loss of Wisdom ” :
To be wise is not to know particular facts but to know without excessive confidence or excessive cautiousness .
Wisdom is thus not a belief , a value , a set of facts , a corpus of knowledge or information in some specialized area , or a set of special abilities or skills .
Wisdom is an attitude taken by persons toward the beliefs , values , knowledge , information , abilities , and skills that are held , a tendency to doubt that these are necessarily true or valid and to doubt that they are an exhaustive set of those things that could be known .
Hall may believe that “ we crave wisdom — worship it in others , wish it upon our children , and seek it ourselves . ”
But there ’s a difference between admiring wisdom and emulating it .
That ’s perhaps the best illustration of the difference between knowledge and wisdom :
We know the value of wisdom .
We know that narcissists should not be in charge of industries that can wipe out people ’s lives — our Enrons , our BPs , our Bear Stearns .
But as long as it ’s possible to make money this way , we do n’t fuss about it too much .
We know that we should be caring for the poorest and most vulnerable members of our society , but we do n’t want to pay higher taxes to do so , nor do we really want to donate much of our time or money .
When it comes down to it , we greatly prefer the life of the binary , of the scale of one to 10 , the things broken down to their smallest components .
But perhaps the most crushing of all the studies was one that showed that a person will naturally act altruistically — until they see those around them behaving selfishly .
Instead of pulling up the behavior of the others , the altruistic give up and become as greedy as everyone else .
I ’m sure Hall did not mean to write a book that drew out all my ugliest , most cynical beliefs in mankind , but he did .
I had the urge to turn away from it in the way I want to turn away from the news that tells me there is still no substantial financial regulation and probably wo n’t be in the near future , that the health care bill is next to worthless , that politicians are feeding people ’s disgust about homosexuality to get them to vote against basic civil rights , that whales are showing up dead on the East Coast and BP is still allowed to handle the clean - up , that no one knows what exactly is killing off our bees and putting our entire food supply in jeopardy .
But then I remember Hall ’s chapter on Patience , and maybe a chapter he should have included : Faith .
Because wisdom is n’t a bolt out of the blue .
It ’s the low hum of the hive .
And the hive ?
It ’s buzzing .
• 17 June 2010
Le palet breton s’est habillé – Palet breton à la pistache garni de crème au mascarpone , framboises , et coulis de framboises
Some days are a little more morose than others , and lately my mood has been affected by many things and partly by the San Francisco weather …I hate to talk about weather changes , because I think it is a little annoying to hear , and it sounds like “ old bored people ’s ” discussions and if I look at last year posts around this time of year , it was the same thing … the fog rolling in .
Everyone talks about the weather in this city because it changes so fast and every district or neighborhood has its own micro climate … and honestly when buying a house in the city you want to make sure you are not in a “ fogged in ” area , if you do , you better love wearing ski jackets in June .
So when it rains , or you need a little quick fix to cheer you up , make palets , they ’re easy to make and so delicious !
You might not be familiar with France and its beautiful and picturesque rainy North Western region : la Bretagne ( Brittany ) , they have amazing seafood specialties and many others like this palet breton .
Palet breton is a dry cookie made with a pâte sablée and demi-sel butter .
Brittay is famous for galettes bretonnes , palets and other buttery cookies ( and crêpes of course ) .
You can find so many brands of those delicious cookies in the supermarkets , so being far away from French supermarkets , I figured I better learn how to make them if I ever want to eat some .
Usually palet breton is about 1.5 com thick , so a little thicker than the ones I made .
As any “ dry cookie ” they ’re delicious and very enjoyable with a tea or coffee , or as a little snack .
This time , I wanted to “ dress them up ” , turn them into a little bite as a dessert … and add some extra crunch to it , by adding pistachios .
if you do n’t have butter demi-sel , use regular butter and add fleur de sel .
Ingredients for about 18 palets
for the palets
7 oz ( or 200 g ) flour
3.52 oz ( or 100 g ) butter demi-sel , cubed
2.82 oz ( or 80 g ) sugar
2 yolks
1/2 tsp baking powder
1 tsp vanilla extract
2.11 oz ( or 60 g raw pistachios , roughly chopped
for the mascarpone cream
7 tbs mascarpone
7 tbs fromage blanc
sugar to taste
for the raspberry coulis
14 oz ( or 400 g ) raspberries
5.29 oz ( or 150 g sugar ) or more if the raspberries are not very sweet
1 tsp lemon juice
Preparation
In a mixing container , mix flour and baking powder .
Add butter and mix carefully from the tips of your fingers incorporating it to the flour mixture .
Separately mix yolks with sugar and vanilla extract and add to the flour .
Form a uniform ball .
Spread with a rolling pin in a 1.5 cm sheet .
Cut with a small cookie cutter or glass ( the cookies are usually thick and small , about 5 cm diameter ) .
Bake in a parchment paper or silpat for about 15 min at 360 F .
Let them cool .
For the mascarpone cream , just combine all ingredients together .
For the coulis , combine all ingredients in a blender .
Filter coulis through a sieve to remove the seeds .
Place a generous amount of mascarpone cream on top of a palet .
Add raspberries and top it with coulis and chopped pistachios .
Total Posts : 806
Tim Sassone , who was nominated for the Hockey Hall of Fame 's Elmer Ferguson award in 2007 , has covered the Blackhawks and the NHL since 1988 for the Daily Herald .
Tim grew up in the Chicago area and was a regular in the second balcony at the Chicago Stadium , which he still considers the greatest building for hockey .
He is a regular contributor to The Hockey News and still has a soft spot in his heart for former Hawks defenseman Dave Manson .
Start Date :
Sep 17 , 2008
For several thousands of years , ancient Egypt dominated the Mediterranean world -- and scholars across the globe have spent more than a century trying to document the reigns of the various rulers of Egypt 's Old , Middle and New Kingdoms .
Now , a detailed radiocarbon analysis of short - lived plant remains from the region is providing scientists with a long and accurate chronology of ancient Egyptian dynasties that agrees with most previous estimates but also imposes some historic revisions .
Although previous chronologies have been precise in relative ways , assigning absolute dates to specific events in ancient Egyptian history has been an extremely contentious undertaking .
This new study tightly constrains those previous predictions , especially for the Old Kingdom , which was determined to be slightly older than some scholars had believed .
The study will also allow for more accurate historical comparisons to surrounding areas , like Libya and Sudan , which have been subject to many radiocarbon dating techniques in the past .
Christopher Bronk Ramsey and colleagues from the Universities of Oxford and Cranfield in England , along with a team of researchers from France , Austria and Israel , collected radiocarbon measurements from 211 various plants -- obtained from museum collections in the form of seeds , baskets , textiles , plant stems and fruits -- that were directly associated with particular reigns of ancient Egyptian kings .
They then combined their radiocarbon data with historical information about the order and length of each king 's reign to make a complete chronology of ancient Egyptian dynasties .
Their research is published in the June 18 issue of Science .
" My colleague , Joanne Rowland , went to a lot of museums , explaining what we were doing and asking for their participation , " Bronk Ramsey said .
" The museums were all very helpful in providing material we were interested in -- especially important since export of samples from Egypt is currently prohibited .
Fortunately , we only needed samples that were about the same size as a grain of wheat . "
The researchers ' new chronology does indicate that a few events occurred earlier than previously predicted .
It suggests , for example , that the reign of Djoser in the Old Kingdom actually started between 2691 and 2625 B.C. and that the New Kingdom began between 1570 and 1544 B.C .
Bronk Ramsey and his colleagues also found some discrepancies in the radiocarbon levels of the Nile Valley , but they suggest that these are due to ancient Egypt 's unusual growing season , which is concentrated in the winter months .
For the most part , the new chronology simply narrows down the various historical scenarios that researchers have been considering for ancient Egypt .
" For the first time , radiocarbon dating has become precise enough to constrain the history of ancient Egypt to very specific dates , " said Bronk Ramsey .
" I think scholars and scientists will be glad to hear that our small team of researchers has independently corroborated a century of scholarship in just three years . "
This report by Bronk Ramsey et al. was funded by the Leverhulme Trust with additional financial support from the German - Israeli Foundation for Scientific Research and Development , NERC , CNRS , CEA , IRSN , IRD , and Ministère de La Culture .
IN THE fight against English , France is famously out in front .
Now Germany is joining in .
Guido Westerwelle , its foreign minister , has begun a campaign to promote German as the “ language of ideas . ”
The European Union 's diplomatic service should hire German - speakers , he told its chief , Catherine Ashton .
Peter Ramsauer , the transport minister , plans to expel anglicisms from his domain .
Ideensammlung will replace brainstorming ; meeting - points will become Treffpunkte .
Mr Ramsauer knows of “ no country in the world where people treat their own language so disrespectfully . ”
Germans have been resisting foreign words ever since they began writing , says Falco Pfalzgraf of the University of London .
German is “ watered - down and oversalted ” with foreign words , said the founders of the Fruchtbringende Gesellschaft ( “ fruit - bearing society ” ) in 1617 .
Such groups taught Germans to prefer Abstand to the French Distanz and Augenblick to Moment .
( Some coinages failed : Meuchelpuffer was shot down by Pistole . )
The Napoleonic wars and , later , the German empire brought more linguistic cleansing .
Second - class status was a spur .
Unlike Latin and French , German was never the language of diplomacy and culture .
Frederick the Great mainly spoke and wrote in French .
The second world war stripped Germany of its cultural defences , allowing English to infiltrate unopposed .
Sat.1 , a broadcaster , is “ powered by emotion ” ; Audi , a carmaker , “ driven by instinct . ”
Even scholarship succumbed .
Archaeology , a bastion of German - language research , is buckling , lament scholars at the Deutsches Archäologisches Institut .
So have teenagers , who now chillen and smsen .
When Germany 's Lena Meyer - Landrut takes to the Eurovision stage on May 29th to sing “ Satellite ” in English , purists will cringe .
Walter Krämer of the Verein Deutsche Sprache ( German Language Association ) blames Hollywood .
Since reunification in 1990 , Germany has pushed back .
A Neue Fruchtbringende Gesellschaft was founded in 2007 .
Mr Krämer 's Verein , with 31,000 members , publishes an index of 7,200 anglicisms , four - fifths of which , it claims , crowd out good German words .
A pet hate is “ blockbuster ” , originally a 1942 coinage for city - destroying bombs .
Mr Krämer , who lost six relatives to Allied bombing , prefers Kassenschlager ( “ box - office hit ” ) .
A famous 19th - century postmaster fended off Adresse with Anschrift and Kuvert ( envelope ) with Umschlag .
But Germans hesitate to follow France in making laws in favour of their language .
The government considered but discarded the idea of making German the official language .
It may let courts hear international cases in English .
Perhaps Germans realise that English poses little threat to the mother tongue of 100 m people .
If alien words could kill , English might not have survived the Norman conquest .
In a new video posted on his twitter account former UFC heavyweight champion Frank Mir tries to conquer his fear of heights by jumping off a diving platform at a swimming pool .
As you ’ll see for yourself in the video below it takes him quite some time to psyche himself up to actually jump .
Meanwhile he ’s put to shame by the old white haired guy that ’s with him who say , “ I ’m afraid of heights too , ” and then proceeds to do a backwards summersault off the platform !
Diving aside , another thing that ’s noticeable is that Mir looks slimmer than when we last saw him in his defeat to Shane Carwin at UFC 111 back in March .
It appears he is indeed looking to rethink his strategy after recently went on a strength and conditioning program to bulk up to 265 lbs .
More recently he raised a few eyebrows in MMA circles by suggesting he was now contemplating moving down to the 205 lb division .
Check out the diving video below .
—
—
Speaking of conquering his fears , check out this video below from back in 2008 in which Frank Mir goes through perhaps the most detailed and honest account of the emotions a fighter goes through before a fight your ever likely to hear .
—
—
He might need some more work on his diving skills , but considering he ’s stepped into the octagon to face his nemesis Brock Lesnar twice , and another heavyweight giant in Shane Carwin , it ’s fair to say he ’s conquered his fear of fighting .
Incidentally , if that ’s not enough heavyweight fear conquering action for you then why not check out Roy Nelson attempt a jump in TJ Lavin ’s backyard on a BMX bike here .
Chromhidrosis is a rare condition characterized by the secretion of colored sweat .
Two glands produce sweat : eccrine and apocrine glands .
Eccrine glands secrete a clear , odorless fluid that serves to regulate body temperature .
Apocrine glands secrete a thick , milky sweat that , once broken down by bacteria , is the main cause of body odor .
Chromhidrosis is apocrine in origin .
Although apocrine glands are found in the genital , axillary , areolar , and facial skin , chromhidrosis is reported only on the face , [ 1 ] axillae , [ 2 ] and breast areola . [ 3 , 4 ] Lipofuscin pigment is responsible for the colored sweat .
This pigment is produced in the apocrine gland , and its various oxidative states account for the characteristic yellow , green , blue , or black secretions observed in apocrine chromhidrosis .
In contrast , eccrine chromhidrosis is rare and occurs with ingestion of certain dyes or drugs , and pseudochromhidrosis occurs when clear eccrine sweat becomes colored on the surface of the skin as a result of extrinsic dyes , paints , or chromogenic bacteria .
Approximately 10 % of people without chromhidrosis have colored sweat that is regarded as acceptable and within the normal range .
Oh So Furry : The Rumpus Interview with Kilcodo
Kilcodo is a friend of mine ; she makes a living making full - body fursuits for other furries .
She also moonlights as a lemur .
The other night she let me interview her , and get to know her lemur persona , Bingo .
The Rumpus : I want to start with this .
I want you to look at this picture .
Kilcodo :
You made like a little flow chart !
Rumpus :
No , I did n’t make this , I found this online .
Kilcodo :
Oh , I ’ve seen this .
I love the bottom one .
Rumpus :
My first question is : this is the hierarchy of geeks , and obviously everything is above furries , and furries are above erotic furries , and erotic furries are above Star Trek fan fiction about furries .
So , what is your take on this ?
Kilcodo :
My take on this is that because furry is a newer nerd phenomenon , all the other nerds need something to look down upon , so there needs to be an uber - nerd that all the other nerds can hate .
I think also , here ’s a community that is n’t legitimized by liking a pre-existing television show or set of novels that have been heralded by any kind of cultural tradition .
This is just a group of people who want to draw pictures of animal people , watch cartoons , or dress up , or do whatever , and it ’s this essentially user - controlled , user - made community .
Rumpus :
So is there such a thing as furries who dress up as characters that already existed in some kind of a mainstream way ?
Kilcodo :
There is a small element of people who are costume players who might dress up as Star Fox , but it is actually centered around real people who are drawing right then and there , and their stuff is getting used and publicized by this community .
Rumpus :
Are most people in the community artists ?
Kilcodo : I ’d say at least 75 % are artists .
The ones that ca n’t draw still draw .
I ’d say that creativity is promoted .
One of the things I find fascinating is how from year to year it ’s such a fluid changing group , and people can really dive in and create something that ’s going to impact everybody .
So anyone can get involved , and anyone can become important , and anyone can have their own creative power .
Rumpus :
How many people in America do you know of who do what you do : making fursuits for furries ?
Kilcodo :
Not many .
A handful .
Rumpus :
How many costumes have you made ?
Kilcodo : I think I ’ve made about 30 - 35 , at this point .
Rumpus :
And how many do you own ?
Kilcodo : I own 2 .
All the rest were made to be sold , or were created by commission .
Rumpus :
How long does it take you to make a full - body fursuit ?
Kilcodo : 2 - 3 weeks .
Sometimes if I push myself I can get one done in five days , but I try to take my time and make each one an actual piece of art .
I like to do airbrushing on the head , and individually sculpt the teeth and claws , and do the details that are going to make it original and not just a standard mascot costume .
I work 6 - 7 hours a day , most days of the week .
Rumpus :
So you can make a living making fursuits ?
Kilcodo : Yes .
Anyone who ’s willing to do this full - time can make a fully livable very comfortable wage doing this .
But it requires dedication , and you have to remain enthusiastic about the work you ’re doing .
You are catering to a very specific crowd of people who are very specific about the kind of custom details you ’re putting on .
You ca n’t treat it like an assembly line .
Each one you make has to be a piece of art that stands on its own .
Rumpus :
On your website , I saw that you ’ll only repair the suits your customers buy for 2 years if they do n’t use them for sex – it sounds like you do n’t want them using them for sex .
Kilcodo :
One of the biggest misconceptions about furries is that they are all just a bunch of people who get together in mascot costumes and have sex .
I ’m not saying some people do n’t do that –I think in any fringe group , especially ones where you are talking about body suits ( like uniform , zentai and superhero fans ) there is some level of sexuality going on–but it ’s much less common than the media likes to portray it .
I personally do n’t want to spend dozens of hours of a piece of wearable art just to have someone use it like a sex toy , which is why I have the addendum in the F.A.Q .
I think in any kind of aesthetic where you ’re revisualizing the human body , you ’re going to eroticize it somehow , or some people will .
I do n’t think there ’s anything that unnatural or bizarre about it , but it ’s not the quintessential facet of the community .
Rumpus : Can you drive in a fursuit ?
Kilcodo : I do n’t recommend it .
You can drive with the head off .
Rumpus :
How good is your vision in a fursuit ?
Kilcodo :
It ’s not terrible actually , but I would n’t recommend driving .
We use this special material for the eyes that you can see out of but you ca n’t see in , and they ’re usually painted .
I have this effect that I use that makes it look like the eyes are following you .
Rumpus :
Who are your heroes ?
Kilcodo : Jim Henson is definitely my hero as far as costume making is concerned , but at my heart I ’m a cartoonist .
I absolutely love Ralph Bakshi , Robert Crumb , all these cartoonists that took the idea that you can make art with adult themes about anything , you can make funny drug - related insane perverted comics and you can have an ostrich chick and Fritz the cat , for example .
Just because it ’s a cartoon and just because it ’s an animal person does n’t mean it has to be childish .
Rumpus :
When did you first become aware that this was a thing you could do ?
Kilcodo : I ’ve been drawing cartoons since I was 3 .
I always liked Rocky and Bullwinkle , and Bugs Bunny , and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles , and any form of anthropomorphism .
I continued to draw it until the Internet came around when I was 11 , and I discovered there was this world of people that drew it and showed it to one another , and people creating their own characters , and to me that was more fascinating than just drawing someone else ’s character .
Because it was creator - controlled , it appealed to me .
And because it ’s mostly done by adults , and you could deal with more adult themes or draw more sexy or violent animal people , and I enjoyed that as well .
I think it ’s a cool theme to work with , artistically .
Rumpus :
How did you come out to your parents ?
Kilcodo : I grew up in a house where my artistic skill was really promoted .
My parents are real free - thinkers .
They saw that I liked to draw animal cartoons , and they just said go for it .
They bought me an art table when I was five .
And I ’ve just been drawing ever since .
And when they realized I was starting to make money from this , and that I ’d joined a community that had a self - sustained economy of commissioners , they were even more supportive than they were before .
Rumpus :
How many furry conventions have you been to ?
Kilcodo :
Well , three a year since 2005 , so , a lot .
Rumpus :
What is generally the reaction you get from people , as a furry ?
Kilcodo :
There ’s 2 types of people you ’ll confront at a con .
There are people who are at the hotel , tourists , that do n’t know anything about furry , who will find you adorable and entertaining .
And then there are people from the Internet , who consider themselves Internet - savvy , who will taunt you and tell you to kill yourself .
There does seem to be some kind of superiority complex going on among the nerd cultures , such as the group known as anonymous or any Internet bully or troll group .
They ’ll target furries , and anyone involved in this community is putting themselves at risk for being targeted by Internet bullies , because we make ourselves so widely available via email , and because the internet is where we exist .
If you exist on the internet , you ’re putting yourself at risk .
Rumpus :
Is making yourself vulnerable a part of this ?
Kilcodo :
It ’s an unfortunate side effect of being public .
I think people involved in any kind of subculture tend to be shy , and they are actually quite bothered by being the butt of a joke , because they come to this place for comfort and escape , and they wind up being tortured for it .
Rumpus :
Do you think that mainly comes from other kinds of geeks ?
Kilcodo : I think the reason anyone targets anyone is because they have their own insecurities .
Rumpus :
Are cartoons sexy ?
Are animals sexy ?
Or are both of those statements irrelevant ?
Is it more the re-imaging idea ?
Kilcodo :
It depends on the person , but I think if you look at the way that we use language and the way we think about what is and is n’t sexy , we ’ve constantly used anthropomorphic language .
We call a sexy woman a fox .
We call an older sexy woman a cougar .
We call men bear , wolf .
I ’ve heard otter being used in the gay community .
And I think that ’s because as sexual beings we can see eroticism in many different organic forms , and I think because animals are beautiful , people like to meld the two forms together , so you have a human body and a majestic head of an animal , and people find that beautiful and even erotic .
Rumpus :
Is your boyfriend a lemur too ?
Kilcodo :
He ’s not a furry , but he ’s an artist , and that ’s the most important thing to me , because this fandom is mainly understood by artistic people .
Furry is an idea .
When you go to a convention you ’re going to a place where people conglomerate on the idea that you like anthropomorphism .
That ’s it .
People go and they ’re writers .
People go and they ’re cartoonists , people go and they like to draw ultra-realistic animal portraits .
Some people are into leather and they do pony play and puppy play and that ’s that for them .
Some people are a - sexual Christians and they like to go and read the Bible and relate it to Aesop ’s tales …
Rumpus : For real ?
Kilcodo : For real .
There are religious furries .
Rumpus :
That ’s the first thing you ’ve said that ’s shocked me .
Kilcodo :
And not everyone wears a costume .
Sometimes people do n’t like the costumes , they find it creepy , but everyone likes creativity , that ’s the central focus .
What really makes this subculture different from others , like the comic book subculture or Star Trek - kies , is that instead of being fanatical about the work of another person who is famous and legitimized in the culture , furry is entirely user - created .
Anyone can go into furry , draw art , get friends , wear a costume , and become relevant in the culture .
People are talking about art , and artists , and the way people draw and make costumes .
To many people , furry is the only way that they feel they can express the side of them that society tells them is uncool or immature – the side of them that still likes cartoons and still likes dressing up and playing ‘ make believe ’ , still likes drawing and inventing worlds and a new identity .
Furry is all about creative participation , and it ’s unfortunate that it gets misrepresented the way it does .
I ’m proud of what I do –I can make a living as an artist , people wear my art and perform and have a great time wearing it .
That makes me really happy .
On this lackadaisical news day , we bring you word that Thomas Kinkade , painter of Christ 's love reborn 10 million times over in picturesque cottage form , was recently arrested for alleged DUI .
The California artist , according to reports , was pulled over Friday night just outside Carmel and arrested by an officer a little after 10 p.m .
The 52 - year - old " Painter of Light " was booked into the Monterey County Jail " on suspicion of misdemeanor drunken driving . "
After performing sobriety tests , police say Kinkade remained " very polite " throughout the ordeal .
Aw .
I added a " this week " column to the stats page so the new users do n't feel left out .
First published Sun Feb 29 , 2004 ; substantive revision Thu Mar 29 , 2018
How are synthetic a priori propositions possible ?
This question is often times understood to frame the investigations at issue in Kant ’s Critique of Pure Reason .
In answer to it , Kant saw fit to divide the question into three : 1 ) How are the synthetic a priori propositions of mathematics possible ?
2 ) How are the synthetic a priori propositions of natural science possible ?
Finally , 3 ) How are the synthetic a priori propositions of metaphysics possible ?
In systematic fashion , Kant responds to each of these questions .
The answer to question one is broadly found in the Transcendental Aesthetic , and the doctrine of the transcendental ideality of space and time .
The answer to question two is found in the Transcendental Analytic , where Kant seeks to demonstrate the essential role played by the categories in grounding the possibility of knowledge and experience .
The answer to question three is found in the Transcendental Dialectic , and it is a resoundingly blunt conclusion : the synthetic a priori propositions that characterize metaphysics are not really possible at all .
Metaphysics , that is , is inherently dialectical .
Kant ’s Critique of Pure Reason is thus as well known for what it rejects as for what it defends .
Thus , in the Dialectic , Kant turns his attention to the central disciplines of traditional , rationalist , metaphysics — rational psychology , rational cosmology , and rational theology .
Kant aims to reveal the errors that plague each of these fields .
Despite the fact that Kant devotes an entirely new section of the Critique to the branches of special metaphysics , his criticisms reiterate some of the claims already defended in both the Transcendental Aesthetic and the Transcendental Analytic .
Indeed , two central teachings from these earlier portions of the Critique — the transcendental ideality of space and time , and the critical limitation of all application of the concepts of the understanding to “ appearances ” — already carry with them Kant ’s rejection of “ ontology ( metaphysica generalis ) . ”
Accordingly , in the Transcendental Analytic Kant argues against any attempt to acquire knowledge of “ objects in general ” through the formal concepts and principles of the understanding , taken by themselves alone .
In this connection , Kant denies that the principles or rules of either general logic ( e.g. , the principle of contradiction ) , or those of his own “ transcendental logic ” ( the pure concepts of the understanding ) by themselves yield knowledge of objects .
These claims follow from Kant ’s well - known “ kind distinction ” between the understanding and sensibility , together with the view that knowledge requires the cooperation of both faculties .
This position , articulated throughout the Analytic , entails that independently of their application to intuitions , the concepts and principles of the understanding are mere forms of thought which cannot yield knowledge of objects .
For if no intuition could be given corresponding to the concept , the concept would still be a thought , so far as its form is concerned , but would be without any object , and no knowledge of anything would be possible by means of it .
So far as I could know , there would be nothing , and could be nothing , to which my thought could be applied .
B146
We thus find one general complaint about efforts to acquire metaphysical knowledge : the use of formal concepts and principles , in abstraction from the sensible conditions under which objects can be given , cannot yield knowledge .
Hence , the “ transcendental ” use of the understanding ( its use independently of the conditions of sensibility ) is considered by Kant to be dialectical , to involve erroneous applications of concepts in order to acquire knowledge of things independently of sensibility / experience .
Throughout the Analytic Kant elaborates on this general view , noting that the transcendental employment of the understanding , which aims towards knowledge of things independently of experience ( and thus knowledge of “ noumena ” ) , is illicit ( cf. A246/B303 ) .
It is in this connection that Kant states , famously , in the Analytic , that “ … the proud name of ontology , which presumes to offer synthetic a priori cognitions of things in general … must give way to the more modest title of a transcendental analytic ” ( cf. A247/B304 ) .
Filling this out , Kant suggests that to take ourselves to have unmediated intellectual access to objects ( to have “ non-sensible ” knowledge ) correlates with the assumption that there are non-sensible objects that we can know .
To assume this , however , is to conflate “ phenomena ” ( or appearances ) with “ noumena ” ( or things in themselves ) .
The failure to draw the distinction between appearances and things in themselves is the hallmark of all those pernicious systems of thought that stand under the title of “ transcendental realism . ”
Kant ’s transcendental idealism is the remedy for these .
Kant ’s rejection of the more specialized branches of metaphysics is grounded in part on this earlier claim , to wit , that any attempt to apply the concepts and principles of the understanding independently of the conditions of sensibility ( i.e. , any transcendental use of the understanding ) is illicit .
Thus , one of Kant ’s main complaints is that metaphysicians seek to deduce a priori synthetic knowledge simply from the unschematized ( pure ) concepts of the understanding .
The effort to acquire metaphysical knowledge through concepts alone , however , is doomed to fail , according to Kant , because ( in its simplest formulation ) “ concepts without intuitions are empty ” ( A52/B76 ) .
Although this general charge is certainly a significant part of Kant ’s complaint , the story does not stop there .
In turning to the specific disciplines of special metaphysics ( those concerning the soul , the world , and God ) , Kant devotes a considerable amount of time discussing the human interests that nevertheless pull us into the thorny questions and controversies that characterize special metaphysics .
These interests are of two types , and include theoretical goals of achieving completeness and systematic unity of knowledge , and practical interests in securing the immortality of the soul , freedom , and the existence of God .
Despite their contributions to metaphysical illusion , Kant tells us that the goals and interests in question are unavoidable , inevitable , and inherent in the very nature of human reason .
In the Introduction to the Transcendental Dialectic Kant thus introduces “ reason ” as the locus of these metaphysical interests .
The emphasis on reason in this connection is important , and it links up with the project of Kant ’s “ critique ” of pure reason .
A major component of this critique involves illuminating the basis in reason for our efforts to draw erroneous metaphysical conclusions ( to employ concepts “ transcendentally ” ) , despite the fact that such use has already been shown ( in the Transcendental Analytic ) to be illicit .
What emerges in the Dialectic is a more complex story , one in which Kant seeks to disclose and critique the “ transcendental ground ” that leads to the misapplications of thought which characterize specific metaphysical arguments .
In developing the position that our metaphysical propensities are grounded in the “ very nature of human reason , ” Kant ( in the Introduction to the Dialectic ) relies on a conception of reason as a capacity for syllogistic reasoning .
This logical function of reason resides in the formal activity of subsuming propositions under ever more general principles in order to systematize , unify , and “ bring to completion ” the knowledge given through the real use of the understanding ( A306/ B363-A308/B365 ) .
Kant thus characterizes this activity as one which seeks “ conditions ” for everything that is conditioned .
It is therefore central to this Kantian conception of reason that it is preoccupied with the “ unconditioned which would stop the regress of conditions by providing a condition that is not itself conditioned in its turn . ”
The demand for the unconditioned is essentially a demand for ultimate explanation , and links up with the rational prescription to secure systematic unity and completeness of knowledge .
Reason , in short , is in the business of ultimately accounting for all things .
As Kant formulates this interest of reason in the first Critique , it is characterized by the logical maxim or precept : “ Find for the conditioned knowledge given through the understanding the unconditioned whereby its unity is brought to completion ” ( A308/B364 ) .
It is central to Kant ’s Dialectic that this requirement for systematic unity and completeness of knowledge is inherent in the very nature of our reason .
Controversially , Kant does not take it that this demand for the unconditioned is something we can dismiss , nor does he take the interests we have in metaphysics to be merely products of misguided enthusiasm .
Although the demand for the unconditioned is inherent in the very nature of our reason , although it is unavoidable and indispensably necessary , Kant nevertheless does not take it to be without problems of a unique sort ; for the very same demand that guides our rational scientific inquiries and defines our ( human ) reason is also the locus of error that needs to be curbed or prevented .
In connection with this principle , then , Kant also identifies reason as the seat of a unique kind of error , one that is essentially linked up with metaphysical propensities , and one which he refers to as “ transcendental illusion [ transzendentale Illusion ] . ”
Kant identifies transcendental illusion with the propensity to “ take a subjective necessity of a connection of our concepts … for an objective necessity in the determination of things in themselves ” ( A297/B354 ) .
Very generally , Kant ’s claim is that it is a peculiar feature of reason that it unavoidably takes its own subjective interests and principles to hold “ objectively . ”
And it is this propensity , this “ transcendental illusion , ” according to Kant , that paves the way for metaphysics .
Reason plays this role by generating principles and interests that incite us to defy the limitations of knowledge already detailed in the Transcendental Analytic .
The Introduction to the Transcendental Dialectic is therefore interesting for Kant ’s presentation of reason as a presumably distinct capacity for cognizing in a way that , as Kant puts it , incites us to tear down the boundaries already enforced in the Analytic ( cf. A296/B352 ) .
Kant refers to this capacity of reason as one that leads to the specifically transcendent judgments that characterize metaphysics .
Thus , the Transcendental Dialectic is said to be concerned “ to expose the illusion in transcendent judgments ” ( A297/B354 ) .
Indeed , Dialectic is defined as “ the logic of illusion [ Schein ] ” ( A293/B350 ) .
The central problem is that the above prescription to seek the unconditioned presents to reason as a metaphysical principle that tells us that the unconditioned is already given , and is ( as it were ) “ there ” to be found .
This problematic principle is formulated by Kant as follows : “ If the conditioned is given , the absolutely unconditioned … is also given ” ( A308/B366 ) .
This “ supreme principle of pure reason ” provides the background assumption under which the metaphysician proceeds .
These claims set the agenda for Kant ’s project , which involves showing not simply that the metaphysical arguments are fallacious , but also exposing their source in reason ’s more general illusions .
Kant has been traditionally taken to be offering a method of avoiding the insidious “ transcendental illusion ” that gives rise to metaphysics .
Read in this way , Kant ’s Dialectic offers a criticism not only of the specific arguments of metaphysics , but also of transcendent , metaphysical ( speculative or theoretical ) interests and propensities themselves .
This certainly accords with much in the Dialectic , and specifically with Kant ’s well - known claim that knowledge has to be limited to possible experience .
Kant , however , complicates things somewhat by also stating repeatedly that the illusion that grounds metaphysics ( roughly , that the unconditioned is already given ) is unavoidable .
Moreover , Kant sometimes suggests that such illusion is somehow necessary for our epistemological projects ( cf. A645/B673 ) .
In this connection , Kant argues that the transcendent ideas and principles of reason do have a positive role to play in knowledge acquisition , so long as they are construed “ regulatively ” and not “ constitutively . ”
He thus suggests that rather than jettison the ideas of metaphysical objects ( something , it seems , he does not think we are in a position to do ) , it is best to identify the proper use and function of these ideas and principles .
This critical reinterpretation involves the claim that the ideas and principles of reason are to be used “ regulatively , ” as devices for guiding and grounding our empirical investigations and the project of knowledge acquisition .
What the ideas do not do , according to Kant , is provide the concepts through which we might access objects that could be known through the speculative use of reason .
The need for this critical reinterpretation stems from the fact that reason ’s demand for the unconditioned cannot be met or satisfied .
The absolutely “ unconditioned , ” regardless of the fact that it presents to reason as objective , is not an object or state of affairs that could be captured in any possible human experience .
In emphasizing this last point , Kant identifies metaphysics with an effort to acquire knowledge of “ objects ” conceived , but in no wise given ( or giveable ) to us in experience .
In its efforts to bring knowledge to completion , that is , reason posits certain ideas , the “ soul , ” the “ world ” and “ God . ”
Each of these ideas represents reason ’s efforts to think the unconditioned in relation to various sets of objects that are experienced by us as conditioned .
It is this general theory of reason , as a capacity to think ( by means of “ ideas ” ) beyond all standards of sense , and as carrying with it a unique and unavoidable demand for the unconditioned , that frames the Kantian rejection of metaphysics .
At the heart of that rejection is the view that although reason is unavoidably motivated to seek the unconditioned , its theoretical efforts to achieve it are inevitably sterile .
The ideas which might secure such unconditioned knowledge lack objective reality ( refer to no object ) , and our misguided efforts to acquire ultimate metaphysical knowledge are led astray by the illusion which , according to Kant , “ unceasingly mocks and torments us ” ( A339/B397 ) .
The Dialectic is concerned to undermine three distinct branches of special metaphysics in the philosophical tradition : Rational Psychology , Rational Cosmology and Rational Theology .
Each of these disciplines seeks to acquire knowledge of a particular metaphysical “ object ” — the “ soul , ” the “ world , ” and “ God , ” respectively .
This being stated , the Dialectic proceeds systematically to undermine the arguments specific to each of these disciplines — arguments about , for example , the nature of the soul and the world , and the existence of God .
Despite the difference in their objects , however , there are a number of problems shared by all the disciplines of special metaphysics .
In its most general terms , the central problem with each of these attempts has to do with the fact that the alleged “ objects ” under consideration are “ transcendent . ”
Although we think the soul , the world , and God ( necessarily ) as objects , these ideas actually lack objective reality ( there is no object corresponding to the ideas that is or could be given to us in any intuition ) .
It is thus not uncommon to find Kant referring to these alleged metaphysical entities as “ mere thought entities , ” “ fictions of the brain , ” or “ pseudo objects . ”
Although the Dialectic does not presume to prove that such objects do not or could not exist , Kant is committed by the strictures of his own transcendental epistemology to the claim that the ideas of reason do not provide us with concepts of “ knowable ” objects .
For this reason alone , the efforts of the metaphysicians are presumptuous , and at the very least , an epistemological modesty precludes the knowledge that is sought .
For more on Kant ’s theory of illusion , see Allison ( 2004 ) , Butts ( 1997 ) , Grier ( 2001 ) , Neiman ( 1994 ) , Theis ( 1985 ) , Bird ( 2006 ) .
See also Ameriks ( 2006 ) , Dyck ( 2014 ) .
There are two noteworthy themes implicit in Kant ’s criticism of metaphysics .
First , Kant offers an account and critique of the ideas of reason specific to each discipline .
In relation to this , the general theory of reason plays a role in Kant ’s efforts to argue against the “ hypostatization ” of each of the ideas .
More specifically , Kant ’s criticism of the metaphysical disciplines centers on his efforts to show that the ideas of reason ( the soul , the world and God ) , which are thought in accordance with the demand for an unconditioned that could unify the relevant domain of conditions , get erroneously “ hypostatized ” by reason , or thought as mind - independent “ objects ” about which we might seek knowledge .
In the same way , that is , that the prescription to seek the unconditioned appears to reason as an objective principle , so too , the subjective ideas appear to reason as objects existing in a mind - independent way .
Kant ’s aim is to secure the subjective ideas while enforcing their subjective status , and thereby defusing the metaphysics that attends to them .
Thus , Kant ’s criticism of metaphysics simultaneously involves denying the pure use of theoretical reason as an instrument for knowledge of transcendent objects , and defending reason ’s ideas as projections or goals that have some significant role to play in the overall project of knowledge acquisition .
As we shall see , Kant unfortunately is not as clear as we might like on this issue .
Sometimes , he seems to argue that the ideas and principles of reason play a merely heuristic role in guiding and systematizing the knowledge already obtained .
Other times , he suggests that these ideas are deeply essential to the project of knowledge acquisition , and that their presupposition is utterly necessary if we are to acquire knowledge .
Regardless of how the matter is to be resolved , it is clear that Kant ’s criticism of metaphysics does not entail any straightforward rejection of the ideas and principles of reason .
Indeed , it appears to be precisely the rational constraint to move to the ideas of reason that binds us to our metaphysical propensities and which thus demands a critique of the kind offered by Kant .
In addition to criticizing the “ hypostatization ” of the ideas of reason , Kant seeks to expose the “ subreptions ” involved in the use of the ideas .
The term “ subreption ” refers to a fallacy that specifically involves the surreptitious substitution of different kinds of terms and concepts .
Kant usually uses the term to refer to the error of confusing or substituting concepts and principles meant for use in experience ( those which properly apply to appearances ) with principles of “ pure reason . ”
By this means , a concept or principle which is a condition of our experience ( e.g. , the principle of apperception ) is used in a way that assumes its applications to “ objects in general ” or things in themselves .
Alternatively , a most general , formal , principle that would only hold for things in general is taken , by itself alone , to yield knowledge about appearances .
This second kind of criticism found throughout the Dialectic thus pertains to Kant ’s efforts to expose the subreptions that ground the illusory metaphysical arguments .
Ultimately , Kant will also seek to reveal the very specific formal fallacies that vitiate the metaphysical arguments , to demonstrate that ( although they have the appearance of soundness ) the positions in each case are implicitly grounded in , or deploy , dialectical uses of terms and concepts , misapplications of principles , and conflations of appearances with things in themselves .
What we find in Kant ’s criticism of metaphysics , in other words , is a complex account , one grounded in a fairly robust theory of human reason .
Accordingly , he identifies reason as the locus of certain principles and propensities , and certain “ illusions , ” which cooperate with misapplications of concepts and principles to create the errors already exposed in the Transcendental Analytic .
Although this variety of aims and complaints certainly complicates Kant ’s discussions in the Dialectic , it also makes for a richer and more penetrating criticism of metaphysics .
One historically predominant metaphysical interest has to do with identifying the nature and the constitution of the soul .
Partly for practical reasons , partly for theoretical explanation , reason forms the idea of a metaphysically simple being , the soul .
Such an idea is motivated by reason ’s demand for the unconditioned .
Kant puts this point in a number of ways , suggesting that the idea of the soul is one to which we are led necessarily insofar as we are constrained by reason to seek the “ totality ” of the “ synthesis of conditions of a thought in general ” ( A397 ) , or insofar as we seek to represent “ the unconditioned unity ” of “ subjective conditions of representations in general ” ( A406/B433 ) .
More straightforwardly , Kant states that a metaphysics of the soul is generated by the demand for the “ absolute ( unconditioned ) unity of the thinking subject itself ” ( A334/B391 ) .
The branch of metaphysics devoted to this topic is Rational Psychology .
Rational psychologists , among whom Descartes or Leibniz would serve as apt historical examples , seek to demonstrate , for example , the substantiality , simplicity , and personal identity of the soul .
Each such inference , however , involves concluding “ from the transcendental concept of the subject , which contains nothing manifold , the absolute unity of this subject itself , of which I possess no concept whatsoever ” ( A340/B398 ) .
In other words , Kant takes the rational psychologist to slide ( mistakenly ) from formal features of our self concept to material or substantive metaphysical claims about an alleged ( super - sensible ) object ( the soul ) .
An essential aspect of all these arguments , according to Kant , is their attempt to derive conclusions about the nature and constitution of the “ soul ” a priori , simply from an analysis of the activity of thinking .
A classic example of such an attempt is provided by Descartes , who deduced the substantiality of the self from the proposition ( or , perhaps better , the activity ) “ I think . ”
This move is apparent in the Cartesian inference from “ I think ” to the claim that the “ I ” is therefore “ a thing ” that thinks .
For Descartes , this move is unproblematic : thought is an attribute , and thus presupposes a substance in which it inheres .
Kant emphasizes the a priori basis for the metaphysical doctrine of the soul by claiming that in rational psychology , the “ I think ” is supposed to provide the “ sole text ” ( A343–4/B401–02 ) .
It is this feature of the discipline that serves to distinguish it from any empirical doctrine of the self ( any empirical psychology ) , and which secures its status as a “ metaphysics ” that purports to provide synthetic a priori knowledge .
Kant ’s criticisms of rational psychology draw on a number of distinct sources , one of which is the Kantian doctrine of apperception , or transcendental self - consciousness ( often formulated in terms of the necessary possibility of attaching the “ I think ” to all my representations ( B132 ) .
Kant denies that the metaphysician is entitled to his substantive conclusions on the grounds that the activity of self - consciousness does not yield any object for thought .
Nevertheless , reason is guided by its projecting and objectifying propensities .
In accordance with these , self - consciousness is “ hypostatized , ” or objectified .
Here again , Kant claims that a “ natural illusion ” compels us to take the apperceived unity of consciousness as an intuition of an object ( A402 ) .
The ineliminably subjective nature of self - consciousness , and the elusiveness of the “ I ” in the context of that activity , are thus the well known bases for Kant ’s response to rational psychology , and the doctrine of apperception plays an important role in Kant ’s rejection .
For in each case , Kant thinks that a feature of self - consciousness ( the essentially subjectival , unitary and identical nature of the “ I ” of apperception ) gets transmuted into a metaphysics of a self ( as an object ) that is ostensibly “ known ” through reason alone to be substantial , simple , identical , etc .
This slide from the “ I ” of apperception to the constitution of an object ( the soul ) has received considerable attention in the secondary literature , and has fueled a great deal of attention to the Kantian theory of mind and mental activity .
The claim that the ‘ I ’ of apperception yields no object of knowledge ( for it is not itself an object , but only the “ vehicle ” for any representation of objectivity as such ) is fundamental to Kant ’s critique of rational psychology .
Kant thus spends a considerable amount of time arguing that no object is given in transcendental self - consciousness , and thus that the rational psychologist ’s efforts to discern features of the self , construed as a metaphysical entity , through reason alone are without merit .
To elucidate the ways in which the rational psychologist is nevertheless seduced into making this slide from formal representations of self consciousness to a metaphysics of the self , Kant examines each of the psychological arguments , maintaining that all such arguments about the soul are dialectical .
He refers to the arguments designed to draw such conclusions , “ transcendental paralogisms ” , and hence the chapter of the Critique that criticizes rational psychology goes by the name “ The Paralogisms of Pure Reason . ”
A transcendental paralogism , according to Kant , is a “ syllogism in which one is constrained , by a transcendental ground , to draw a formally invalid conclusion ” ( A341/B399 ) .
Kant ’s subsequent efforts are thus directed towards demonstrating the paralogistic ( fallacious ) nature of the arguments about the soul .
Kant ’s diagnosis of the fallacies has received considerable attention , and has generated considerable controversy .
In each case , Kant tells us , the argument is guilty of the fallacy of sophisma figurae dictionis , or the fallacy of equivocation / ambiguous middle .
Kant suggests that in each of the syllogisms , a term is used in different senses in the major and minor premises .
Consider the first paralogism , the argument that allegedly deduces the substantiality of the soul .
In the A edition , Kant formulates the argument as follows :
That the representation of which is the absolute subject of our judgments and cannot be employed as determination of any other thing , is substance .
I , as thinking being , am the absolute subject of all my possible judgments and this representation of myself cannot be employed as determination of any other thing .
Therefore , I , as thinking being ( soul ) , am substance .
( A349 )
Kant locates the equivocation contained in the argument in the use of the term “ substance . ”
According to Kant , the major premise uses this term “ transcendentally ” whereas the minor premise and conclusion use the same term “ empirically . ” ( A403 ) .
What Kant appears to mean is this : the major premise deploys the term “ substance ” in a very general way , one which abstracts from the conditions of our sensible intuition ( space and time ) .
As such , the major premise simply offers the most general definition of substance , and thus expresses the most general rule in accordance with which objects might be able to be thought as substances .
Nevertheless , in order to apply the concept of substance in such a way as to determine an object , the category would have to be used empirically .
Unfortunately , such an empirical use is precluded by the fact that the alleged object to which it is being applied is not empirical .
Even more problematically , on Kant ’s view , there is no object given at all .
In Kantian jargon , the category only yields knowledge of objects if it is “ schematized , ” applied to given objects under the conditions of time .
This same kind of complaint is lodged against each of the paralogistic syllogisms that characterize Rational Psychology .
Thus , Kant argues against the inference to the simplicity of the soul , by remarking that the psychologist surreptitiously deduces the actual simplicity of a metaphysical object simply from the formal features of subjectivity ( the fact that the “ I ” is unitary in our representational economy ) .
The personal identity of the soul is attacked on similar grounds .
In each case the metaphysical conclusion is said to be drawn only by an equivocation in the use or meaning of a concept of the understanding .
This illustrates Kant ’s efforts to demonstrate the fallacious nature of the arguments that characterize metaphysics , as well as his interest in identifying the sources of such errors .
Given this ,
Kant ’s criticisms of rational psychology are not as straightforward as one might expect , for embedded in his criticisms of rational psychology are actually a number of distinct charges :
1 ) The idea of the soul , although it is one to which we are naturally led in our quest for the unconditioned ground of thought , does not correspond to any object that is ( or could be ) actually given to us in intuition .
The hypostatization of this idea , therefore , although it may be natural , is deeply problematic .
2 ) Because the idea of the soul does not yield , by itself alone , any knowable object , the arguments about it , although they may have the appearance of being legitimate , in fact involve dialectical applications of concepts .
The arguments , in other words , involve fallacies that vitiate their conclusions .
3 ) The arguments are traceable back to certain features of human reason that may not be eradicated , but that can and ought to be curbed and critically reinterpreted .
More specifically , the demand for the unconditioned , and the idea of the soul to which it gives rise , may be construed regulatively as devices for guiding inquiries , but never constitutively — never , that is , as yielding grounds for any a priori synthetic knowledge of a metaphysical self given immediately to pure reason .
Kant ’s Paralogisms have received considerable and focused attention in the secondary literature .
See Ameriks ( 1992 ) , Brook ( 1994 ) , Kitcher , Patricia ( 1990 ) , Powell ( 1990 ) , Sellars ( 1969 , 1971 ) , Wolff , R. P. ( 1963 ) .
There are also excellent discussions to be found in Allison ( 1983 , 2004 ) , Bennett ( 1974 ) , Buroker ( 2006 ) , Guyer ( 1987 ) , Wuerth ( 2010 ) , Bird ( 2006 ) , Ameriks ( 2006 ) , Melnick ( 2006 ) , Dyck ( 2014 ) , Proops ( 2010 ) .
The second discipline of rationalist metaphysics rejected by Kant is Rational Cosmology .
Rational cosmology is concerned with the arguments about the nature and constitution of the “ world , ” understood as the sum - total of all appearances ( objects and events in space and time ) ( A420/B448 ) .
The arguments about the world occupy an especially important place in Kant ’s rejection of metaphysics .
Not only does Kant address himself to the task of discounting the metaphysical arguments in cosmology , but the resolution to some of these conflicts provides , he claims , an indirect argument for his own transcendental idealism .
The arguments about the world are referred to by Kant as “ antinomies ” because in the field of cosmology , reason gives rise to sets of opposing arguments ( the “ thesis ” and the “ antithesis ” ) with respect to each issue .
Thus , the case here differs from the paralogisms ( and , as we shall see , from the Ideal ) .
The reason for this difference resides in the nature of the idea of reason in question .
The idea of the “ world ” purports to be an idea of an unconditioned but somehow still sensible object ( cf. A479/B509 ) .
Unlike the soul and God , which are clearly supposed to be non-sensible metaphysical entities , the sum total of all appearances refers specifically to spatio - temporal objects or events .
Kant highlights this unique feature of the idea of the world by noting that whereas the ideas of the soul and God are “ pseudo - rational , ” the idea of the world is “ pseudo - empirical . ”
It is precisely this feature of the idea ( that it both purports to refer to a somehow sensible object AND that it involves thinking that object as already given in its unconditioned totality ) that leads to the two opposed sets of arguments .
For with respect to each problem addressed ( the finitude vs. the infinitude of the world , freedom vs. causality , etc. ) , one can either adopt a broadly “ dogmatic ” ( Platonic ) or broadly “ empiricist ” ( Epicurean ) approach , each reflecting a different way of thinking the totality of conditions ( See A471 –2/B499–500 ) .
More specifically , one can either think the unconditioned as an intelligible ground of appearances , or as the total ( even if infinite ) set of all appearances .
Unfortunately , each of these conceptual strategies is unsatisfying .
To accommodate the thesis interest in ultimate ( intelligible ) beginnings is to posit something “ too big ” for the understanding , something that is never to be met with empirically ( e.g. , freedom , ultimately simple substances ) .
Thus , although the thesis positions satisfy reason ’s demand for the unconditioned , they do so by fleeing ( however unwittingly ) into an intelligible realm , by providing explanations that abstract from that which is or could be given in any spatio - temporal experience .
But adopting the empiricist approach is no more rewarding , in the final analysis ; although the antithesis positions remain securely lodged within “ nature ’s own resources , ” they can never measure up to the demands of reason ’s ideas .
Such a strategy is “ too small ” for reason which , even despite its capacity to think beyond all standards of sense and by its demand for more thorough explanation .
Worse , the antithesis arguments , in refusing to go beyond the spatio - temporal realm , end up being just as dogmatic as their opposites , for the assumption is that whatever holds within space and time also holds generally .
To assume this is to take what are for Kant merely subjective features of our intuition ( forms of sensibility , space and time ) to be universal ontological conditions holding of everything whatsoever .
Because both sides to the cosmological disputes seem to be able to argue successfully against the opposite , Kant finds in the antinomies a dramatic exhibition of the “ conflict ” into which reason inevitably falls ( and in which it will remain ) so long as it fails to adopt his own transcendental distinction between appearances and things in themselves .
The historical debacle of reason ’s conflict with itself provides Kant with a dramatic exhibition of the vacillation of reason between two alternatives , neither of which it can accept ( or dismiss ) without dissatisfaction .
Left unresolved , this conflict leads to the “ euthanasia of pure reason ” ( A407 / B434 ) , in the sense of provoking skeptical despair .
There are four “ antinomies ” of pure reason , and Kant divides them into two classes .
The first two antinomies are dubbed “ mathematical ” antinomies , presumably because in each case , we are concerned with the relation between what are alleged to be sensible objects ( either the world itself , or objects in it ) and space and time .
An important and fundamental aspect of Kant ’s rejection of each of these sets of arguments rests on his view that each of these conflicts is traceable back to a fundamental error , an error that can be discerned , according to Kant , in the following dialectical syllogism :
If the conditioned is given , then the whole series of conditions , a series which is therefore itself absolutely unconditioned , is also given Objects of the senses are given as conditioned Consequently , the entire series of all conditions of objects of the senses is already given .
( cf. A497/B525 ) .
There are a number of problems with this argument , according to Kant .
Obviously , one problem is located in the major premise , in the assumption that the unconditioned is “ already given . ”
The problem , maintains Kant , is that such a totality is never to be met with in experience .
The rational assumption that the total series of all conditions is already given would hold only for things in themselves .
In the realm of appearances , the totality is never given to us , as finite discursive knowers .
The most we are entitled to say , with respect to appearances , is that the unconditioned is set as a task , that there is a rational prescription to continue to seek explanations ( A498/B526-A500/B528 ) .
As finite ( sensible ) cognizers , however , we shall never achieve an absolute completion of knowledge .
To assume that we can do so is to adopt the theocentric model of knowledge characteristic of the dreaded transcendental realist .
This hypostatization of the idea of the world , the fact that it is taken to be a mind - independent object , acts as the underlying assumption motivating both parties to the two mathematical antinomies .
The first antinomy concerns the finitude or infinitude of the spatio - temporal world .
The thesis argument seeks to show that the world in space and time is finite , i.e. , has a beginning in time and a limit in space .
The antithesis counters that it is infinite with regard to both space and time .
The second antinomy concerns the ultimate constitution of objects in the world , with the thesis arguing for ultimately simple substances , while the antithesis argues that objects are infinitely divisible .
In this , the thesis positions are each concerned to bring the explanatory effort to a close , by arguing for ultimate or , as Kant says , “ intelligible beginnings ” ( cf. A466/B494 ) .
The claim that there is a “ first beginning ” or an ultimately simple substance is sustained only by abstracting from the spatio - temporal framework .
The alleged proponent of the antithesis arguments , on the other hand , refuses any conclusion that goes beyond the sensible conditions of space and time .
According to the antithesis arguments , the world is infinite in both space and time ( these being infinite as well ) , and bodies are ( in accordance with the infinite divisibility of space ) also infinitely divisible .
In each of these antinomial conflicts , reason finds itself at an impasse .
Satisfying the demands placed by our rational capacity to think beyond experience , the thesis arguments offer what appears to be a satisfying resting - place for explanation .
The antithesis charges that such a strategy fails to find any confirmation , and , citing the unjustified flight into an intelligible realm , lodges itself squarely in the domain of “ experience . ”
In each of these cases , the conflicts are resolved by demonstrating that the conclusions drawn on both sides are false .
How does Kant demonstrate this ?
Both the thesis and antithesis arguments are apagogic , i.e. , that they constitute indirect proofs .
An indirect proof establishes its conclusion by showing the impossibility of its opposite .
Thus , for example , we may want to know , as in the first antinomy , whether the world is finite or infinite .
We can seek to show that it is finite by demonstrating the impossibility of its infinitude .
Alternatively , we may demonstrate the infinitude of the world by showing that it is impossible that it is finite .
This is exactly what the thesis and antithesis arguments purport to do , respectively .
The same strategy is deployed in the second antinomy , where the proponent of the thesis position argues for the necessity of some ultimately simple substance by showing the impossibility of infinite divisibility of substance , etc .
Obviously , the success of the proofs depends on the legitimacy of the exclusive disjunction agreed to by both parties .
Both parties , that is , assume that “ there is a world , ” and that it is , for example , “ either finite or infinite . ”
Herein lies the problem , according to Kant .
The world is , for Kant , neither finite nor infinite .
The opposition between these two alternatives is merely dialectical .
In the cosmological debates , each party to the dispute falls prey to the ambiguity in the idea of the world .
Kant thus structures his analysis of the mathematical antinomies by appealing to the general dialectical syllogism presented at the end of section 4.0 ( If the conditioned is give , the unconditioned is given , Objects of the senses are given as conditioned .... et c. ) .
Problems stem from the application of the principle expressed in the first premise to the objects of the senses ( appearances ) .
Here again , Kant diagnoses the error or fallacy contained in this syllogism as that of ambiguous middle .
He claims that the major premise uses the term “ the conditioned ” transcendentally , as a pure concept , whereas the minor premise uses the term ‘ empirically ’ – that is as a “ concept of the understanding applied to mere appearances ” ( cf. A499–500/B527–528 ) .
What Kant means is that the major premise uses the term “ the conditioned ” in a very general way , one that considers things in abstraction from the sensible conditions of our intuition .
The minor premise , however , which specifically refers to objects in space and time ( appearances ) , is committed to an empirical use of the term .
Indeed , such an empirical use would have to be deployed , if the conclusion is to be reached .
The conclusion is that the entire series of all conditions of appearances is actually given .
Put in other terms , the conclusion is that there is a world , understood as the sum total of all appearances and their conditions ( A420/B448 ) .
In the dynamical antinomies , Kant changes his strategy somewhat .
Rather than arguing ( as in the mathematical antinomies ) that both conclusions are false , Kant suggests that both sides to the dispute might turn out to be correct .
This option is available here , and not in the two mathematical antinomies , because the proponents of the thesis arguments are not committing themselves solely to claims about spatio - temporal objects .
In the third antinomy , the thesis contends that in addition to mechanistic causality , we must posit some first uncaused causal power ( Transcendental Freedom ) , while the antithesis denies anything but mechanistic causality .
Here , then , the debate is the standard ( though in this case , the specifically cosmological ) dispute between freedom and determinism .
Finally , in the fourth antinomy , the requirement for a necessary being is pitted against its opposite .
The thesis position argues for a necessary being , whereas the antithesis denies that there is any such being .
In both cases the thesis opts for a position that is abstracted from the spatio - temporal framework , and thus adopts the broadly Platonic view .
The postulation of freedom amounts to the postulation of a non-temporal cause , a causality outside the series of appearances in space and time ( A451/B479 ) .
Similarly , in its efforts to argue for a “ necessary being , ” reason is forced ( against its own argument ) into a non-sensible realm .
If there is a necessary being , it will have to be “ outside ” the series of appearances : “ Either , therefore , reason through its demand for the unconditioned must remain in conflict with itself , or this unconditioned must be posited outside the series , in the intelligible ” ( A564/B592 ) .
The rational necessity of postulating such a necessary being or a causality of freedom satisfies the rational demand for intelligible explanation .
Against this , the antithesis rightly notes that the conception of transcendental freedom , or a necessary being , again represents an attempt to abstract from “ nature ’s own resources ” ( A451–2/B479–80 ) .
Insofar as the antithesis denies the justification for doing this , of course , it is said to adopt a broadly Epicurean standpoint .
The problem here , however , is that in refusing to move beyond “ nature ’s own resources , ” the antithesis surreptitiously smuggles in spatio - temporal conditions as the basis for a universal ontological claim that nevertheless transcends all experience .
If space and time were things in themselves , then of course the application of the demand for this unconditioned would be warranted .
Kant ’s view , however , is that space and time are not conditions of things in themselves .
The resolution to these antinomies here consists in giving each side its due , but simultaneously limiting the domain over which the claims hold .
The thesis demand for an absolute causal beginning or a necessary being might well be allowed to stand , but certainly not as “ part of ” or as an explication of appearances in nature .
Similarly , the antithesis conclusions can stand , but only in relation to objects in nature , considered as appearances .
Here , the conflict seems irresolvable only on the assumption that appearances are things in themselves .
If appearances were things in themselves , for example , then it would certainly seem true that either they are one and all subject to mechanistic causality , or not .
In such a case , it makes sense both to argue for a non-temporal beginning and to deny such a beginning .
Left unresolved , then , this antinomy leaves us wit the following dilemma : on the assumption of transcendental realism , both nature and freedom seem to be undermined .
To avoid this , Kant appeals to transcendental idealism , which is supposed to rescue reason from the conflict .
Given transcendental idealism ( with its distinction between appearances and things in themselves ) it remains possible that in addition to the mechanism of nature , or contingent existence , there is an intelligible causal power , or a necessary being .
Detailed discussions of Kant ’s antinomies can be found in Al - Azm ( 1972 ) , Bennett , ( 1974 ) , Grier ( 2001 , 2006 ) , Guyer ( 1987 ) , Heimsoeth ( 1967 ) , Strawson ( 1966 ) , Thiel ( 2006 ) , Watkins ( 1998 , 2000 ) , Van Cleve ( 1984 ) .
See also Allison ( 1983 ) , and Walsh ( 1975 ) .
See also Bird ( 2006 ) , Wood ( 2010 ) .
The metaphysical drive , and the demand for the unconditioned , seem to find their natural resting place in the idea of God , an absolutely necessary and supremely real being , the concept of which “ contains a therefore for every wherefore ” ( A585/B613 ) .
It is here , in the concept of God , that the demands for systematic unity and completeness of knowledge find their “ objective correlate . ”
Kant refers to this idea as an Ideal , suggesting it defines itself as a “ concept of an individual object which is completely determined through the mere idea ” ( A574/B602 ) .
The Ideal represents the highest singular manifestation of reason ’s demand for the unconditioned .
The last area of metaphysics under attack , then , is Rational Theology .
Kant ’s criticism of rational theology is complicated by his desire to elucidate the sources of the dialectical errors , which he will expose in relation to the specific arguments for God ’s existence .
( “ … Merely to describe the procedure of our reason and its dialectic does not suffice ; we must also endeavor to discover the sources of this dialectic , that we may explain … the illusion to which it has given rise ” ( A581/B607 ) . )
Kant thus spends a considerable amount of time tracing the idea of God back to its rational , speculative , sources .
According to Kant , “ …. the Ideal … is based on a natural , not a merely arbitrary idea ” ( A581/B607 ) .
On this score , Kant wants to tell us that we are compelled to think the idea of God ( the ens realissimum ) when pursuing certain speculative or philosophical interests .
More specifically , the idea of a supremely real being ( the ens realissimum ) is one to which we are inevitably led during our attempts to account for the pure possibility of things in general .
The upshot that the idea of the ens realissimum is not an arbitrary or easily dispensable one .
Instead , Kant suggests that reason is philosophically constrained to move to such an idea in its efforts to thoroughly determine every thing .
Such efforts require thinking the totality , or “ All ” of reality ( the omnitudo realitatis ) .
Such an idea is philosophically required because , in our efforts to thoroughly determine each thing ( to know it completely , specify it exhaustively ) , we must be able to say , of every possible predicate and its contradictory ( p v ˜p ) which of the two holds of the thing in question .
( For every object , it is either A or not A , either B or not B , etc. , and this process is iterated until each predicate pair ( each positive reality ) is exhausted —
Kant clearly has a Leibnizian procedure of complete determination in mind here . )
This process is parasitic upon the idea of “ sum total of all predicates of things in general . ”
Or , put in another way , we represent “ every thing as deriving its own possibility from the share it has in the whole of possibility ” ( A572/B600 ) .
Such an idea , the All of reality , however , defines itself as an individual thing , and leads us to the representation of the “ supremely real being . ”
The problem seems to come in , according to Kant , when the “ All ” of reality gets hypostatized , and ( eventually ) personified , thus yielding the ens realissimum ( cf. A583/B611n ) .
Here again , Kant thinks that this idea itself gets transmuted into the notion of a given object by virtue of a unique subreption , whereby we dialectically substitute for a principle that is only meant for empirical employment one which holds of things in general .
The argument Kant offers is excruciating , but the essential point is that , just as the idea of the soul involved the subreption of the hypostatized consciousness , so too , the idea of the ens realissimum is generated by both a subrepted principle and a hypostatization .
As in the cases of both rational psychology and rational cosmology , then , one central problem thus has to do with the assumption that pure ( speculative ) reason yields any access to a transcendent object ( in this case , God ) about which it is entitled to seek a priori knowledge .
Despite his insistence that the idea of God is indispensable and “ inescapable ” ( cf. A584/B612 ) , Kant again denies that we can acquire any theoretical knowledge of the alleged “ object ” thought through such an idea .
On the one hand , then , the idea of God is “ the crown of our endeavors . ”
On the other , as in the cases of both rational psychology and cosmology , the idea answers to no given and theoretically knowable object ( A339/B397 ) .
Indeed , according to Kant , the idea of God should not lead us to “ presuppose the existence of a being that corresponds to this ideal , but only the idea of such a being , and this only for the purpose of deriving from an unconditioned totality of complete determination the conditioned totality .
i.e. , the limited … ” ( A578/B606 ) .
As in the other disciplines of metaphysics , Kant suggests that we are motivated ( perhaps even constrained ) to represent the idea as a real object , to hypostatize it , in accordance the demand for the unconditioned :
Notwithstanding this pressing need of reason to presuppose something that may afford the understanding a sufficient foundation for the complete determination of its concepts , it is yet too easily conscious of the ideal and merely fictitious character of such a presuppostion to allow itself , on this ground alone , to be persuaded that a mere creature of its own thought is a real being — were it not that it is impelled from another direction to seek a resting place in the regress from the conditioned , which is given , to the unconditioned ( A584/ B612 )
This demand for the unconditioned , according to Kant , links up with a demand for some ultimately necessary being .
Reason , that is , ceaselessly demands the ground of all the contingent beings in existence , and will not rest until it settles on the absolutely necessary being which grounds them .
The idea of the ens realissimum plays a singular role in satisfying this desire of reason , for of all concepts , it is that “ which best squares with the concept of an unconditionally necessary being ” ( A586/B614 ) .
In fact , according to Kant rational theology is based on the coincidence of the rational demands for a supremely real being and for a being with absolutely necessary existence .
If the movement to the idea of God , as the unconditioned ground , is inevitable , it is nevertheless as troublesome as the other rational ideas :
This unconditioned is not , indeed , given as being in itself real , nor as having a reality that follows from its mere concept ; it is , however , what alone can complete the series of conditions when we proceed to trace these conditions to their grounds .
This is the course which our human reason , by its very nature , leads all of us ( A584/B612 ; cf. A584/B612n ) .
Thus , although Kant is most well known for his attacks on the specific arguments for God ’s existence , his criticisms of rational theology are in fact more detailed , and involve a robust critique of the idea of God itself .
This account of the rational origin and the importance of the idea of God clears the way for Kant ’s rejection of the metaphysical arguments about God ’s existence .
Kant identifies three traditional arguments , the ontological , the cosmological , and the physico - theological ( the argument from design ) .
What all such arguments do is attempt to wed the idea of the ens realissimum with the notion of necessary existence .
Whereas the Ontological argument moves from the concept of the ens realissimum to the claim that such a being exists necessarily , the Cosmological and physico - theological arguments move from some necessary being to the conclusion that such a being must be the ens realissimum .
Kant ’s formulation of the ontological argument is fairly straightforward , and may be summarized as follows :
God , the ens realissimum , is the concept of a being that contains all reality / predicates .
Existence is a reality / predicate .
Therefore God exists .
Kant ’s identification of the errors involved in this argument are so varied that it seems surprising that he is so often simply said to have argued against the use of “ existence ” as a predicate .
His first complaint is that it is “ contradictory ” insofar as it introduces “ existence ” into the “ concept of a thing which we profess to be thinking solely in reference to its possibility ” ( A597/B625 ) .
This suggests that he thinks that in taking “ all reality ” to mean or include “ existence , ” the rational theologist begs the question , and already posits the analytic connection between the concept of the ens realissimum and necessary existence .
At the heart of this complaint is a more general one , to wit , that there is a problem with the attempt to infer anything as necessarily existing .
Although , according to Kant , reason is unavoidably led to the notion of an absolutely necessary being , the understanding is in no position to identify any candidate answering to the idea . ( cf. A592/B620 ) .
Clearly , the ontological argument is designed to show that , in fact , there is one ( and only one ) candidate answering to this idea , namely , the ens realissimum .
But it does so by deducing the necessary existence from the concept of the ens realissimum ( a being that contains all reality or predicates ) only via the minor premise that “ existence ” is a predicate or reality .
Kant , however , famously denies that existence is a “ real predicate , ” or determination .
Thus , one criticism is that the argument conflates merely logical with real ( determining ) predicates .
A real ( determining ) predicate is one that enlarges the concept to which it is attached .
It seems clear that the locus of the error here , as in the other metaphysical disciplines , is the view that the idea of the ens realissimum provides us with a concept of an “ object ” to which it would be appropriate to apply categories or concepts in a determining way .
Thus , included in Kant ’s criticism is the claim that the category of existence is being subject to a transcendental misemployment ( A598/B626 ) .
This misapplication of the category is problematic precisely because , according to Kant , we are dealing only with an object of pure thought , whose existence cannot be known ( A602/B630 ) .
If the ontological argument seeks to move from the concept of the ens realissimum to the concept of an absolutely necessary being , both the cosmological and physicotheological proofs move in the opposite direction .
Each , that is , argues that there is something that must exist with absolute necessity and concludes that this being is the ens realissimum .
Because these proofs aim to identify the ens realissimum with the necessary being , and because the attempt to do this requires an a priori argument ( it can not be demonstrated empirically ) , Kant thinks that they are both ( ultimately ) vitiated by their reliance on the ontological proof .
More specifically , they are both mitigated by their assumption that the ens realissimum is the only object or candidate that can do the job of existing necessarily .
Since he thinks that the ontological argument is in some sense implicitly relied upon in making such a claim , these arguments stand or fall with it .
On Kant ’s view , as we shall see , they fall .
The cosmological proof has , according to Kant , two parts .
As above , the proponent of the argument first seeks to demonstrate the existence of an absolutely necessary being .
Second , the rational cosmologist seeks to show that this absolutely necessary being is the ens realissimum .
As Kant formulates it , the cosmological argument is as follows :
If something exists , then an absolutely necessary being must also exist .
I myself , at least , exist .
Therefore an absolutely necessary being exists .
As above , the theist will ultimately want to identify this necessary being with the ens realissimum , an identification which Kant thinks surreptitiously smuggles in the ( dialectical ) ontological argument .
The claim here is that the proponent of the cosmological argument is committed ultimately to accepting the ontological argument , given her attempt to identify the necessary being with the ens realissimum .
Although this suggests that the cosmological argument relies on the ontological , Kant also indicates that the effort to produce a purely a priori argument for God ’s existence ( the ontological argument ) itself gets momentum from reason ’s need to find the necessary ground for existence in general , a need expressed in the cosmological argument ( cf. A603–04/B631–32 ) .
This suggests that Kant takes the ontological and cosmological arguments to be complementary expressions of the one underlying rational demand for the unconditioned .
Even aside from its alleged commitment to the ontological argument , Kant has a number of complaints about the cosmological argument .
Indeed , according to Kant , the cosmological argument is characterized by an “ entire nest of dialectical presumptions ” which must be illuminated and “ destroyed ” ( A609 / B637 ) .
These dialectical presumptions include the attempt to infer from the contingent ( within experience ) to some cause lying outside the world of sense altogether , an effort involving a transcendental misapplication of the categories .
It also includes , Kant claims , the dialectical effort to infer from the conceptual impossibility of an infinite series of causes to some actual first cause outside of sense .
Such efforts involve a “ false self - satisfaction ” according to which reason feels itself to have finally landed on a truly necessary being .
Unfortunately , according to Kant , this is only achieved by conflating the merely logical possibility of a concept ( that it is not self - contradictory ) with the transcendental ( real ) possibility of a thing .
In short , the cosmological argument gets its momentum by confusing rational or subjective necessities with real or objective ones , and thus involves transcendental illusion ( cf. A605 / B633 ) .
We come finally to the physicotheological proof , which argues from the particular constitution of the world , specifically its beauty , order , and purposiveness , to the necessary existence of an intelligent cause ( God ) .
Such an argument goes beyond the cosmological one by moving not from existence in general but from some determinate experience in order to demonstrate the existence of God ( A621/B649 ) .
Although this might seem to be a strength , this strategy is doomed to fail , according to Kant .
No experience could ever be adequate to the idea of a necessary , original being : “ The transcendental idea of a necessary all - sufficient original being is so overwhelmingly great , so sublimely high above everything empirical , which is at all times conditioned , that partly one can never even procure enough material in experience to fill such a concept , and partly if one searches for the unconditioned among conditioned things , then one will seek forever and always in vain ” ( A621/B649 ) .
Kant ’s claim is that even if we could grant that the order and purposiveness of nature gives us good reason to suppose some intelligent designer , it does not warrant the inference to an ens realissimum .
At most , Kant tells us , the proof could establish a “ highest architect of the world …. , but not a creator of the world . ” ( A627/B655 ) .
The last inference , that to the ens realissimum , is only drawn by moving far away from any consideration of the actual ( empirical ) world .
In other words , here too , Kant thinks that the rational theologist is relying on a transcendental ( a priori ) argument .
Indeed , according to Kant , the physicotheological proof could never , given its empirical starting point , establish the existence of a highest being by itself alone , and must rely on the ontological argument at crucial stages ( cf. A625/B653 ) .
Since , according to Kant , the ontological argument fails , so does the physicotheological one .
Although Kant rejects the physiciotheological argument as a theoretical proof for God ’s existence , he also sees in it a powerful expression of reason ’s need to recognize in nature purposive unity and design ( cf. A625/B651 ) .
In this , the physicotheological argument ’s emphasis on the purposiveness and systematic unity of nature illuminates an assumption that Kant takes to be essential to our endeavors in the natural sciences .
The essential role played by the assumption of purposive and systematic unity , and the role it plays in scientific inquiries , is taken up by Kant in the Appendix to the Transcendental Dialectic .
To this topic we now turn .
For some discussions of the Ideal of Pure Reason and Rational Theology , see Caimi ( 1995 ) .
England ( 1968 ) , Grier ( 2001 ) , Henrich ( 1960 ) , Longuenesse ( 1995 , 2005 ) , Rohs ( 1978 ) , Walsh ( 1975 ) , and Wood ( 1978 ) , Chignell ( 2009 ) , Grier ( 2010 ) , Chignell ( 2014 ) .
The criticisms of the metaphysical arguments offered in the Transcendental Dialectic do not bring Kant ’s discussion to a close .
Indeed , in an “ Appendix ” to the Transcendental Dialectic , Kant returns to the issue of reason ’s positive or necessary role .
The curious “ Appendix ” has provoked a great deal of confusion , and not without reason .
After all , the entire thrust of the Dialectic seemed to be directed at “ critiquing ” and curbing pure reason , and undermining its pretense to any real use .
Nevertheless ,
Kant goes on to suggest that the very reason that led us into metaphysical error is also the source of certain necessary ideas and principles , and moreover , that these rational postulations play an essential role in scientific theorizing ( A645/B673 ; A671/B699 ) .
Exactly what role they are supposed to play in this regard is less clear .
The Appendix to the Transcendental Dialectic is divided into two parts .
In the first , “ On the Regulative Use of the Ideas of Pure Reason , ” Kant attempts to identify some proper “ immanent ” use for reason .
In its most general terms , Kant is here concerned to establish a necessary role for reason ’s principle of systematic unity .
This principle was first formulated by Kant in the Introduction to the Transcendental Dialectic in two forms , one prescriptive , and the other in what sounded to be a metaphysical claim .
In the first , prescriptive form , the principle enjoins us to “ Find for the conditioned knowledge given through the understanding the unconditioned whereby its unity is brought to completion . ”
The complementary metaphysical principle assures us that the “ unconditioned ” is indeed given and there to be found .
Taken together , these principles express reason ’s interests in securing systematic unity of knowledge and bringing such knowledge to completion .
Kant is quite clear that he takes reason ’s demand for systematicity to play an important role in empirical inquiry .
In connection with this , Kant suggests that the coherent operation of the understanding somehow requires reason ’s guiding influence , particularly if we are to unify the knowledge given through the real use of the understanding into scientific theory ( cf. A651–52/B679–80 ) .
To order knowledge systematically , for Kant , means to subsume or unify it under fewer and fewer principles in light of the idea of one “ whole of knowledge ” so that its parts are exhibited in their necessary connections ( cf. 646/B674 ) .
The idea of the form of a whole of knowledge is thus said to postulate “ complete unity in the knowledge obtained by the understanding , by which this knowledge is to be not a mere contingent aggregate , but a system connected according to necessary laws ” ( A646/B676 ) .
Having said this , it should be noted that Kant ’s position is , in its details , difficult to pin down .
Sometimes
Kant suggests merely that we ought to seek systematic unity of knowledge , and this merely for own theoretical convenience ( A771/B799-A772/B800 ) .
Other times , however , he suggests that we must assume that the nature itself conforms to our demands for systematic unity , and this necessarily , if we are to secure even an empirical criterion of truth ( cf. A651–53/B679–81 ) .
The precise status of the demand for systematicity is therefore somewhat controversial .
Regardless of these more subtle textual issues Kant remains committed to the view that reason ’s proper use is always only “ regulative ” and never constitutive .
The distinction between the regulative and the constitutive may be viewed as describing two different ways in which the claims of reason may be interpreted .
A principle of reason is constitutive , according to Kant , when it is taken to supply a concept of a real object ( A306 / B363 ; A648/B676 ) .
Throughout the Dialectic Kant argued against this ( constitutive ) interpretation of the ideas and principles of reason , claiming that reason so far transcends possible experience that there is nothing in experience that corresponds with its ideas .
Although Kant denies that reason is constitutive he nevertheless , as we have seen , insists that it has an “ indispensably necessary ” regulative use .
In accordance with reason ’s demand , the understanding is guided and led to secure systematic unity and completion of knowledge .
In other words , Kant seeks to show that reason ’s demand for systematic unity is related to the project of empirical knowledge acquisition .
Indeed ,
Kant links the demand for systematicity up with three other principles — those of homogeneity , specification and affinity — which he thinks express the fundamental presumptions that guide us in theory formation .
The essential point seems to be that the development and expansion of empirical knowledge is always , as it were , “ already ” guided by the rational interests in securing unity and completion of knowledge .
Without such a guiding agenda , and without the assumption that nature conforms to our rational demands for securing unity and coherence of knowledge , our scientific pursuits would lack orientation .
Thus , the claim that reason ’s principles play a necessary “ regulative ” role in science reflects
Kant ’s critical reinterpretation of the traditional rationalist ideal of arriving at complete knowledge .
It is connection with this that Kant argues , in the second part of the Appendix ( “ On the Final Aim of the Natural Dialectic of Human Reason ” ( A669/B697 ) ) , that the three highest ideas of reason have an important theoretical function .
More specifically , in this section Kant turns from a general discussion of the important ( regulative ) use of the principle of systematicity , to a consideration of the three transcendental ideas ( the Soul , the World , and God ) at issue in the Dialectic .
As examples of the unifying and guiding role of reason ’s ideas , Kant had earlier appealed to the ideas of “ pure earth ” and “ pure air ” in Chemistry , or the idea of a “ fundamental power ” in psychological investigations ( cf. A650 / B678 ) .
His suggestion earlier was that these ideas are implicit in the practices governing scientific classification , and enjoin us to seek explanatory connections between disparate phenomena .
As such , reason ’s postulations serve to provide an orienting point towards which our explanations strive , and in accordance with which our theories progressively achieve systematic interconnection and unity .
Similarly , Kant now suggests that each of the three transcendental ideas of reason at issue in the Dialectic serves as an imaginary point ( focus imaginarius ) towards which our investigations hypothetically converge .
More specifically , he suggests that the idea of the soul serves to guide our empirical investigations in psychology , the idea of the world grounds physics , and the idea of God grounds the unification of these two branches of natural science into one unified Science ( cf. A684/B712-A686/B714 ) .
In each of these cases , Kant claims , the idea allows us to represent ( problematically ) the systematic unity towards which we aspire and which we presuppose in empirical studies .
In accordance with the idea of God , for example , we “ consider every connection in the world according to principles [ Principien ] of a systematic unity , hence as if they had all arisen from one single all - encompassing being , as supreme and all - sufficient cause ” ( A686/B714 ) .
Such a claim , controversial as it is , illuminates Kant ’s view that empirical inquiries are one and all undertaken in light of the rational goal of a single unified body of knowledge .
It also points towards the Kantian view , later emphasized in the Transcendental Doctrine of Method , that reason ’s theoretical and practical interests ultimately form a higher unity .
For discussions on the Appendix and the role of reason and systematicity , see Allison ( 2004 ) , Brandt ( 1989 ) , Buchdahl ( 1967 ) , Britton ( 1978 ) , Forster ( 2000 ) , Friedman ( 1992 ) , Ginsborg ( 1990 ) , Grier ( 2001 ) , Guyer ( 1990a , 1990 b ) , Horstmann ( 1989 ) , O’Neill ( 1992 ) , Patricia Kitcher ( 1991 ) , Philip Kitcher ( 1984 ) , Nieman ( 1994 ) , MacFarland ( 1970 ) , Walker ( 1990 ) , Walsh ( 1975 ) , Wartenberg ( 1979 , 1992 ) , Rauscher ( 2010 ) .
For an important discussion on the “ unity ” of theoretical and practical reason , see again Forster ( 2000 ) .
See also Velkley ( 1989 ) .
President Obama ’s exhortation to the American people is a simple one : Trust government .
Yet faced with his first major disaster – the BP oil spill – Obama is facing a critical test of his philosophy :
If the federal government can do so much , why ca n’t it stop the slow - motion Deepwater Horizon disaster in the Gulf ?
So far , the President is faring better than both Congress and BP in polls about the handling of a spill that has now surpassed the size of the Exxon Valdez spill in Prince William Sound in 1989 .
But as oil continues to flow and slicks gather in marshes and on beaches , the gushing Deepwater Horizon geyser has become increasingly intertwined with both the messenger – the President – and his message .
“ The original sin in my view is that as soon as the oil rig accident happened the president tried to maintain distance between the gusher and his presidency , ” writes former Reagan speechwriter Peggy Noonan in the Wall Street Journal .
“ When your most creative thoughts in the middle of a disaster revolve around protecting your position , you are summoning trouble .
When you try to dodge ownership of a problem , when you try to hide from responsibility , life will give you ownership and responsibility the hard way . ”
White House says Obama in charge
The White House says the response to the spill disaster has been unprecedented with Obama in charge from the beginning , corralling resources and holding BP , which leased the Deepwater Horizon rig , accountable .
What ’s more , the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 mandates the current command structure that puts BP at the top of the relief effort .
Meanwhile , Obama has largely held back from making dramatic policy moves in the wake of the spill .
That changed on Friday when the President ordered a tripling of federal manpower on the Gulf in order to focus more efforts on clean - up as BP desperately tries to kill the well using a “ top - kill ” maneuver that involves pumping drilling mud and even golf balls into a failed blow out preventer at the well ’s head .
“ The buck stops with me , ” Obama told Gulf residents during a three - hour visit on Friday , where he met with local leaders and picked up tar balls on a beach .
Yet administration officials admitted this week that they relied too heavily on the early estimates of 1,000 barrels a day , not fully realizing the extent of the catastrophe until April 28 , a week later , when a third leak was found in the crumpled “ riser ” pipe .
Later estimates show that as much as 19,000 barrels of oil a day have been leaking into the Gulf .
New Orleans resident and Democratic strategist James Carville opened fire in frustration this week .
“ It just looks like ( Obama ) is not involved in this , ” Mr. Carville said on ABC ’s “ Good Morning America .
“ Man , you got to get down here and take control of this , put somebody in charge of this thing and get this moving .
We ’re about to die down here . ”
( After the president ’s visit to the region Friday , Carville and his wife Mary Matalin – a Republican political consultant – were far more laudatory of Obama ’s message . )
A problem getting protective booms to the shore and a federal delay in approving a barrier island berm project in Louisiana were seen by many as evidence of bureaucratic bungling .
“ We ’ve been frustrated with the disjointed response to date , ” Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal , a Republican , said last week .
It 's an emotional issue for many
But there ’s also a question of how much of the criticism of government and the President is legitimate and how much is simply an outburst of emotion from frightened coastal residents and leaders .
One Louisiana Congressman , Charles Melancon , teared up during a Congressional hearing on the spill last week .
And one critic , Plaquemines Parish President Billy Nungesser , said he “ felt real bad ” about his strong criticisms of the response after meeting with Obama on Friday .
In some respects , political grumbling over Obama ’s handling of the crisis , especially from conservatives , strikes some political scientists as intellectually dishonest , since the main conservative thrust today is reining in the size and expanse of federal government in response to Obama ’s progressive agenda ( not to mention a “ drill baby drill ” attitude toward energy production ) .
But in hearings last week , Interior Department officials also admitted that Washington has , in fact , struggled to control not just the leak , but the narrative of its response .
“ There ’s an irony that people like Peggy Noonan , who seem convinced that government is incompetent and should n’t be trusted , are now complaining loudly that government is n’t more involved in this case , ” says Charles Franklin , a political scientist at the University of Wisconsin - Madison .
At the same time , he says , “ Government does n’t have the technology to cap the well , but on the cleanup operation … you might expect the government to be more effective and certainly the perception is they are not . ”
Related :
Gulf oil spill : BP says ' top kill ' taking longer than planned
BP oil spill : an accounting of its impacts after 39 days
( Back to index )
Head - on collision math
Consider two scenarios :
Two identical vehicles ( same size and mass ) travel at the same speed , let 's say 50 km/h , in opposite directions , and they collide with each other head - on .
One of those vehicles hits a rock wall ( which does n't break nor budge in any significant way ) head - on at 50 km /h .
From the point of view of one of the vehicles , which collision is more severe ?
Most people would instantly answer that the first collision is more severe because the effective collision speed is 100 km/h , and thus the collision has twice as much force than the second collision , which happens only at 50 km/h .
This answer is wrong , wrong , and utterly wrong .
Many people just do n't get this one , not even people who should know better .
I can't even count how many times I have heard people getting this one wrong .
The most prominent and severe case which I have seen was Jamie Hyneman from the show MythBusters getting this exact problem wrong in their " demolition derby special " episode , where he stated that two trucks travelling at 50 mph each and colliding head - on were subject to a collision force equivalent to hitting a rock wall at 100 mph .
Maybe he is not a phycisist , but nevertheless he of all people should know this .
The correct answer is :
The two collisions are completely equivalent .
From the point of view of one of the vehicles it makes absolutely no difference whether it hits a rock wall at 50 km/h or another identical vehicle which was traveling at the same speed in the opposite direction .
The amount of force applied to the vehicle is the same in both situations .
( Ok , in reality there will be some differences because the consistency of a rock wall is very different from a consistency of a vehicle , but this only means that hitting the rock wall will be more severe than hitting the other car , although probably not by a lot . )
I know that no matter how much this is explained , some people just do n't get it .
They just can't get rid the misconception that the two - vehicle collision must have double the force .
There are a few things which might make it easier to accept :
When the vehicle hits the rock wall at 50 km/h , the rock wall causes a force large enough to stop the vehicle right there .
In other words , the vehicle hits the rock wall with a momentum equivalent to its speed times its mass .
Conversely , by Newton 's law , at the moment of the collision the rock wall causes an equal force to the vehicle in the opposite direction , causing it to stop .
That is , the rock wall causes a force equivalent to the 50 km/h times the mass of the vehicle .
The misconception in the two - vehicle scenario is basically that this applied force is double that , ie .
the equivalent to 100 km/h times the mass of the vehicle .
However , think about where this force is coming from in the two - vehicle scenario :
It 's coming from the second vehicle .
But the second vehicle is also traveling at 50 km/h and has the same mass .
So we have two forces : Vehicle 1 applies the equivalent of 50 km/h times its mass to vehicle 2 , and vehicle 2 applies an equal force to vehicle 1 .
This causes both vehicles to stop right there .
Where would the additional 50 km/h times the mass of the vehicle come from ?
Vehicle 1 cannot apply that force to itself .
It 's applying it to vehicle 2 .
So where is it coming from ?
The answer is that it 's not coming from anywhere because the force applied to vehicle 1 is not 100 km/h times the mass , but only 50 km/h times the mass .
The same as with the rock wall .
Think also about this :
If you applied a force equivalent to 100 km/h times the mass in the opposite direction of vehicle 1 , that would actually make vehicle 1 change direction and go backwards at 50 km/h after the collision .
Conversely it would also make vehicle 2 do the same .
That does n't happen .
Think about it like this :
If vehicle 1 could n't " see " what it hits , how can it tell if it hit a rock wall or vehicle 2 ?
The " point of impact " remains stationary in the two - vehicle case , in the exact same way as in the one - vehicle - and - rock - wall case .
From the point of view of vehicle 1 , there 's no difference .
Now , if vehicle 2 was stationary and vehicle 1 hit it at 50 km/h , that would make a big difference compared to the rock wall .
That 's because now vehicle 2 , having the same mass as vehicle 1 ( rather than " infinite " mass , as the rock wall ) , is applying much less force to vehicle 1 .
A rather different approach to the same problem : Consider the two scenarios depicted in the image .
In which case is a stronger force applied to the rope , in other words , in which case is the tension of the rope larger ?
Or is it the same in both cases ?
This problem is actually equivalent to the vehicle collision scenario .
If your intuitive answer is that in the first case the force is twice that of the second case , then you are again wrong .
Think about it like this :
If in the first scenario you grab the rope from the middle ( without pulling in any direction ) , does anything change with respect to any force ?
If you think about it , you 'll see that this does n't change anything .
Now keep a tight grasp of the rope , without allowing your hand to move anywhere , and cut the rope from the right side .
Now , from the point of view of the weight at the left :
Has anything changed ?
Is the tension of the rope changed in any way ?
Now , is n't this situation identical to the second scenario at this moment ?
Nothing changed from the point of view of the weight at the left .
It has no way of " noticing " that the rope was cut .
It still weights the same , and applies the same force to the rope .
In both scenarios the tension of the rope is the same : That of 1 kg of weight .
This situation is completely equivalent to the vehicles scenarios , but with pulling forces rather than pushing ones .
Update :
In a recent episode of Mythbusters they tested this conundrum in practice because fans complained about Hyneman 's comment , and it showed the theory to be completely right :
Two identical cars hitting each other head - on at 50 mph is equivalent to one of the cars hitting a wall at 50 mph ( and nowhere even close to hitting the wall at 100 mph ) .
( Back to index )
This is absolutely the best recipe for salmon that I have ever tasted .
It 's so quick and easy to put together , it 's healthy and , most importantly , tastes great !
It 's healthy because salmon is classed as an oily fish - one of the main sources of omega3 fatty acids which is good for your general health , reducing blood pressure , lowering cholesterol levels and preventing arthritis and it is also a good source of vitamin D which reduces your risk of heart disease and cancer , strengthens bones and can alleviate depression by boosting the brain 's ability to produce serotonin which is a ' feel - good ' natural anti-depressant .
This dish also contains spinach which is high in calcium , folic acid , vitamins K & C and iron .
Even if you think you hate spinach , do try it in this recipe and I think you 'll be pleasantly surprised - it 's certainly converted my lifelong spinach - hating husband !
The final ingredient in the recipe is cheese sauce which , if you make it with semi-skimmed milk and half fat cheddar cheese is n't too hard on your waistline while still being high in essential protein , calcium , potassium and vitamins A & D
This is a great store cupboard recipe as you can have the ingredients to hand in your freezer and larder and although quick and simple , it makes a great dinner party dish that can be prepared in advance and left to cook while you chat with your guests .
FNM , FRE to Be Delisted From New York Stock Exchange
Created : June 16 , 2010 10:49 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
This morning , the Federal Housing Finance Agency ordered Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , the government - sponsored enterprises that support the housing market , to delist “ their common and preferred stock from the New York Stock Exchange and any other national securities exchange . ”
Why ?
The stock prices were rock - bottom , and the FHFA did not see any point to “ curing ” the stock price by combining shares or by any other maneuver .
Plus , the companies are capitalized by taxpayers via the Treasury , not the stock market , now .
Their * raison d’etre * is to stabilize the housing market , not to make profits .
In the past five years , both stocks have fallen more than 99 percent .
And the news sent the share prices even lower .
As of 10:30 this morning , FNM ( Fannie ’s stock ) had fallen 42 percent , to 54 cents a share .
FRE ( Freddie ’s stock ) had fallen 46 percent , to 67 cents a share .
“ FHFA ’s determination to direct each company to delist does not constitute any reflection on either Enterprise ’s current performance or future direction , nor does delisting imply any other findings or determination on the part of FHFA as regulator or conservator , ” the agency ’s director , Edward DeMarco , said in a press release .
“ The determination to direct delisting is related to stock exchange requirements for maintaining price levels and curing deficiencies . ”
From the release :
Each Enterprise ’s common stock price has hovered near the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) minimum average closing price requirement of $ 1 over thirty trading days for most months since the conservatorships were established in September 2008 .
Most recently , Fannie Mae ’s closing stock price has been below the required $ 1 average price for the past thirty trading days .
Per NYSE rules , a company in that condition must either drop from the exchange or undertake a ‘ cure ’ to restore the stock price above the $ 1 mark if it does not meet the NYSE ’s minimum price requirements .
The alternatives for putting in place such a cure do not assure maintaining the minimum price level or avoiding loss of shareholder value .
In view of Freddie Mac ’s share price being close to the $ 1 mark and the common situation of both companies operating in conservatorship with support from the Treasury Department through the Senior Preferred Stock Purchase Agreements , FHFA has determined that Freddie Mac should also initiate an orderly delisting process .
Django Support
Wing IDE 4.0's support for Django includes :
Support for setting breakpoints in , stepping through , and viewing data in Django template files
Better syntax highlighting for Django template files
Improved auto-completion in Django templates , especially when the debugger is active and paused or at a breakpoint and the Django template is active on the call stack
A Django plugin ( in Wing IDE Professional only ) that makes it easy to create a new Django project , set up a Wing IDE project to work with an existing Django project , and takes care of routine tasks
If you already have a Wing IDE project that you are using with Django , verify that the Django menu appears in the menu bar and then select Configure Project for Django from that menu .
If you do not already have a Wing IDE project set up , refer to the the " Using Wing IDE with Django " How - To in Wing 's help menu .
Image caption
The plane crashed on its way to a commemoration of the Katyn massacre
Non-crew members were in the cockpit of a plane that crashed killing the Polish president and more than 90 others , an investigation has found .
The question of whether the crew were pressured to land remains unanswered , an official said .
One of those in the cockpit has been identified , but the BBC has learned it was not the president .
The plane crashed as it tried to land at Smolensk in western Russia on 10 April , killing dozens of senior Poles .
The investigation , which was releasing its preliminary findings of the investigation , confirmed crew were repeatedly warned about poor weather .
Alexei Morozov , head of the technical commission examining the crash , said air traffic controllers had warned twice that visibility was 400 m ( 1,312 ft ) and that " there were no conditions for landing " .
' No regular training '
Then , four minutes before the crash , another Polish plane that had landed earlier that morning said visibility had dropped to 200 m , he said .
Analysis Within six seconds of hitting the ground short of the runway at Smolensk airport , the Polish president 's plane had been destroyed , killing all 96 people on board .
It was Poland 's worst catastrophe since World War II - leaving much of the country 's elite dead .
Now , for the first time since the crash , investigators have spoken publicly about their findings so far .
They confirmed all systems on the plane and at the airfield in Smolensk were working normally , and that the crew had been warned several times that the weather was too bad for them to land and they should divert to another airport .
But the captain apparently insisted on a trial descent even though visibility was down to 200m .
Mr Morozov also said the crew of eight on board the plane that crashed had been formed several days before the flight and " did not undergo regular simulated training , including the practice of co-ordination and emergency situations during flights " .
The Tupolev -154 presidential plane was in full working order when it crashed , Mr Morozov said , according to a report by Russian news agency Itar - Tass .
He said systems at the Smolensk airport where the plane was trying to land were also operating normally .
The investigation , which was carried out by the inter -state air committee for the former Soviet Union , ruled out any terrorist attack , explosion , or fire on board the aircraft .
The plane was flying President Lech Kaczynski and the other passengers to an event commemorating the 1940 Katyn massacre of more than 20,000 Poles by Soviet forces .
Shortly after the crash , there was speculation that passengers may have put pressure on the crew to land in Smolensk , though Polish officials said at the time that there was no evidence to substantiate such claims .
On Wednesday , the head of the inter-state air committee , Tatyana Anodina , said that possibility should be investigated , and that the issue was of " vital importance for the investigation of the causes [ of the crash ] " .
' Cabin door open '
She said the investigation had established " in the cockpit there were individuals who were not members of the crew " .
The engines were working up till the moment the plane collided with the ground Tatyana Anodina , Inter - state air committee head
" The voice of one of them has been identified exactly , the voice of the other , or the others , will require additional information from the Polish side , " she said .
The investigation found that the pilot 's cabin door was open as the plane tried to land and the voices of the crew were hard to identify , Itar - Tass reported .
Ms Anodina stressed that the crew had received " timely information about weather conditions and alternate airfields " , and that there had been no equipment failure .
" The engines were working up till the moment the plane collided with the ground , " she said .
She added that she was confident that investigators would establish the causes of the crash as quickly as possible .
Results would be made available to authorities in Russia and Poland , and to the public , she said .
PENSACOLA BEACH , Florida ( Reuters ) - Gary Chernekoff does n’t own a restaurant , is n’t a charter boat captain and does n’t work for a hotel or resort .
Beachgoers walk past a bottle coated with oil from the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in Pensacola Beach , Florida June 4 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Lee Celano
But he is hurting .
A plumber by trade , the Pensacola , Florida resident expected to have a busy and profitable summer .
He had three big jobs lined up -- vacation homes being built in this summer tourist haven on the coast of the Florida Panhandle .
It was more than enough work for a one - man operation .
But the massive oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico that began in April is now depriving Chernekoff of his source of income .
Unsure how deeply the spill would affect the market for $ 5,000 - a- week time shares , investors stopped work on the projects .
Chernekoff suddenly found himself without a job .
“ I ’m telling you , that was a kick in the pants , ” said Chernekoff , who is trying to seek compensation from British energy giant BP Plc .
As state and BP officials respond to the biggest oil spill in U.S. history , Chernekoff ’s predicament is echoed across Florida ’s Gulf Coast .
One economist calculated the state could lose up to 195,000 jobs and nearly $ 11 billion in economic activity from the prolonged impact of oil washing up on Florida shores .
So far , only a few northwest Florida beaches have been littered with tar balls .
The hotels remain relatively full along the Florida Panhandle , a summer tourist destination for many U.S. residents within driving distance from Georgia , Alabama , Tennessee , Arkansas and Louisiana .
But economic development officials are eyeing the Gulf and bracing for higher concentrations of oil that would shut down their beaches and send travelers elsewhere .
“ I talked to some hotel folks and it looks like they were packed over the weekend , ” said Buck Lee , director of the Santa Rosa Island Authority , as he toured Pensacola Beach this week .
“ The question is : how long will it last ? ”
Long before Walt Disney
Co made its mark in Florida , tourists came to the “ Sunshine State ” for its beaches .
The tourism industry pumps more than $ 60 billion a year into the state economy .
Gulf Coast communities are even more dependent upon the seasonal industry , which in northern Florida peaks in the summer months .
A BODY BLOW
Economist Sean Snaith , who directs the Institute for Economic Competitiveness at the University of Central Florida in Orlando , said a conservative estimate has the state losing at least $ 2.2 billion in revenue and 39,000 jobs .
That ’s assuming a 10 percent decline in employment and output in tourism - related business in the 23 counties on the Florida Gulf Coast .
If the impact becomes more severe or prolonged , dropping employment and output in half , Snaith said the state could lose nearly $ 11 billion in business activity and more than 195,00 jobs .
That would be a body blow to a state just recovering from a housing market crash and suffering high unemployment .
He acknowledges that exact numbers are difficult to nail down .
“ A hurricane passes through and it ’s a limited duration event .
There ’s damage and you can figure it out , ” Snaith said .
“ Here , we do n’t know when ( the oil ) is going to arrive or how long it ’s going to stay .
To use a hurricane analogy , we do n’t know what category it ’s going to be . ”
His calculations did not take into account predictions that ocean currents could carry the oil around to Florida ’s Atlantic Coast as well as the Gulf .
State tourism officials have been trying to spread the word that most Florida beaches remain untainted by the spill .
It ’s a moving target .
In Perdido Key , off Florida ’s Panhandle , local health officials on Tuesday posted notices on the beaches telling visitors not to swim .
It was the first such advisory posted for Florida beaches because of the oil spill .
By Wednesday morning , however , tar balls were few and far between and no oil sheen was present .
Florida marketing officials are tailoring their messages to would - be tourists and offering live beach updates on the state ’s website , www.visitflorida.com.
Local economic development officials are doing the same , but it ’s hard to compete with around - the - clock media coverage of a story with global interest .
MISPERCEPTIONS AND REALITY
“ There is a whole lot of anxiety and a lot of concern , ” said Chris Thompson , president and CEO of VisitFlorida , the state ’s tourist marketing arm .
“ Our battle is to separate the misperceptions from reality . ”
Bill Stromquist , treasurer of the Perdido Key Area Chamber of Commerce in northwest Florida , said local booster efforts were being hurt by tourism officials in other states .
During a recent road trip down the U.S. eastern seaboard , Stromquist said he stopped at state - run visitor information stations in each state along the way .
In each place , he was told incorrectly that Florida beaches were closed .
“ They ’re killing us and I do n’t know how to fix it , ” Stromquist told state tourism representatives on Wednesday .
“ People are canceling before they get the information that the beaches are clean . ”
A state - run advertising campaign paid for by $ 25 million in BP cash appears to be helping fill rooms in the Panhandle region .
The BP - backed effort , which was criticized for taking too long to begin , follows advertisements paid for by the Florida Restaurant and Lodging Association .
State officials have been trying to respond .
On Monday , Florida Governor Charlie Crist launched a state - run program that will provide low - interest loans of up to $ 25,000 for businesses affected by the spill .
BP so far has paid nearly $ 50 million in lost - income claims across Gulf states , including more than $ 6 million in Florida .
Officials are also considering measures to provide property tax credits and to relax sales tax collection rules in an effort to help businesses address cash - flow problems brought on by the unexpected dip in revenue .
“ This has caught a lot of businesses off guard , especially for May and June , ” said Lisa Echeverri , executive director of the Florida Department of Revenue .
“ There are a number of things we can do to help businesses . ”
Meanwhile , local officials must still contend with cost - conscious travelers trying to make the most out of their summer break .
“ If I ’m spending $ 3,000 for a vacation , I ’m not going where there are any too many ‘ ifs , ’ ” Stromquist said .
Prime Minister David Cameron has warned of " difficult decisions " on pay , pensions and benefits as he set out the case for " painful " cuts ahead .
Dealing with the deficit would affect " our whole way of life " but not in a way that hits the vulnerable or " divides the country " , he said .
The Treasury will say on Tuesday how it will consult the public on its plans .
Shadow chancellor Alistair Darling said Mr Cameron was talking " nonsense " and did not understand the need for growth .
Spending ' splurge '
The Conservative - Lib Dem coalition government has already outlined plans for £ 6.2 bn cuts this financial year - and is preparing for a Budget on 22 June .
Mr Cameron started his speech by saying problems were " even worse than we thought " and blamed the last Labour government for the " debt crisis " .
He accused them of a " public sector splurge " at a time when the private sector was shrinking .
CORRESPONDENT VIEW
It was a speech peppered with bleak language , but which contained no fresh insight into where the axe will fall .
Instead , this was David Cameron preparing the British public for what he called the " inevitably painful times that lie ahead " .
He was also trying to persuade people that doing nothing about the deficit was not credible .
At one stage , Mr Cameron told his audience : " This government will not cut this deficit in a way that hurts those we most need to help , that divides the country , or that undermines the spirit and ethos of our public services " .
He will be held to account over these words and they could help to define the success , or not , of his premiership .
What can UK learn from Canada ?
Flanders : Changing world
How will cuts affect you ?
Economic growth had been based on " things that could never go on forever " - " unsustainable " booms in financial services , immigration and government spending , he said .
And he said figures which the Labour government had refused to publish showed the UK would be paying £ 70bn in debt interest within five years - more than it spent on schools in England , tackling climate change and transport .
" What a terrible , terrible waste of money ... this is the legacy our generation threatens to leave the next , " he said .
He argued that , without tackling the deficit , increasingly taxes would be used to pay interest on the national debt , rather than being spent on public services .
But he said : " I want this government to carry out Britain 's unavoidable deficit reduction plan in a way that strengthens and unites the country . "
He added : " Because the legacy we have been left is so bad , the measures to deal with it will be unavoidably tough , but people 's lives will be worse unless we do something now . "
Taking questions after the speech he acknowledged it would " mean difficult departmental decisions and yes it will inevitably mean some difficult decisions over big areas of spending like pay and pensions and benefits - and we need to explain those to people " .
But he insisted he would protect NHS spending and international aid .
' Nonsense '
He did not spell out where cuts would be made , saying there was a " proper process " for doing so - in the Budget on 22 June - followed by a " proper debate " involving as many people as possible about detailed three - year spending plans later this year .
The BBC 's political editor Nick Robinson said the Treasury would announce plans on Tuesday to consult the public on the future shape of public services and whether councils and voluntary organisations could provide some services more cheaply .
Modelled on Canada 's deficit - cutting approach in the 1990s , our correspondent said this would provide the framework for a debate involving government officials and ministers behind the scenes and consultations with , among others , business groups , trade unions and think tanks leading up to the unveiling of detailed spending cuts in the autumn .
But shadow chancellor Alistair Darling told BBC Radio 4's World At One programme it was " nonsense " for Mr Cameron to suggest he was publishing new figures , as the debt forecasts were in the Budget in March .
" The only thing that has changed is we are borrowing about £ 11bn less than we forecast at that time , " he said .
Three words stand out from David Cameron 's speech on the deficit this morning - but few , if any , details Nick Robinson , BBC political editor Read Nick 's thoughts in full
He said it was a " classic case of a new government blaming the last government " and said if Labour had not used public spending to support the economy " then not only would we have had a recession , there was a serious risk it would go into depression " .
Mr Darling argued Britain had a " comparatively small structural deficit " going into the recession and until 2008 the Tories had supported their spending plans .
And he said , thanks to Labour 's actions , the coalition government had inherited a growing economy .
" Yes we have got to get our deficit down ... but we have also got to make sure that we get growth in place , not just in here but in Europe , because if you do n't get growth you will not get your borrowing , you will not get your debt down , and there is absolutely no sign that this government grasps that . "
' Slash and burn '
SNP spokesman , Stewart Hosie urged the government to make " targeted efficiencies " and bring forward capital investment to help Scotland 's economic recovery .
He said the difficulties facing the UK finances were " undeniable " but added : " In tackling them we must steer clear of the savage Tory spending cuts which caused so much harm in Scotland in the 1980s . "
And for Plaid Cymru , Elfyn Llwyd said Mr Cameron was " preparing the ground for a slash and burn Budget that will impact massively upon our public services " .
He added : " We 're left in no doubt now that the prime minister is gearing up for one of the most brutal Budget days in memory . "
Hugh Lanning , deputy general secretary of the Public and Commercial Services Union , told the BBC Mr Cameron 's speech was " trying to paint the public sector as a problem " .
" But the debt was n't caused by the public sector - it was caused by the banks and the financial crisis and we would like to see them share some of the pain , not just us . "
And Unison general secretary Dave Prentis said the speech was a " chilling attack on the public sector , public sector workers , the poor , to the sick and the vulnerable and a warning that their way of life will change " .
This was sent to us by the woman in the video who wishes to remain anonymous .
All she wanted to add is that she only attends protests dealing with Israel / Palestine , so there is no doubt that this was related to those protests , and that the FBI refused to tell her who had called in her name .
She feels this is an attempt to intimidate or silence the growing Palestine solidarity movement in Austin , TX .
Put it on a Mug ! Die Cut Stickers
Put it on a Mug !
Band name , brand name , photos , funny stuff ...
Whatever , we 'll put it on a mug .
No minimum order
Ready to fight back ?
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back !
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today .
Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
On the eve of the opening of the Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on Solicitor General Elena Kagan ’s nomination to the US Supreme Court , Obama administration aide David Axelrod suggested that critics of the nominee were an “ opposition in search of a rationale . ”
Ad Policy
At the confirmation hearing Monday , senior Republican senators seemed to be determined to prove Alexrod right .
Their primary complaint with regard to Kagan appeared to be with her respect for former Superme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall , the civil rights and civil liberties lawyer who was the first African - American to serve on the high court .
Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions , who even by Southern Republican standards will win no " Mr. Congeniality " awards , dismissed Justice Marshall — who as chief counsel for the NAACP was one of the epic figures in the history ofd the civil rights struggle and during his judicial tenure emerged as a stalwart defender of the First Amendment rights of dissenters on the right and the left — as a “ well - known liberal activist judge . ”
Sessions made his comments to a hearing room where the late justice ’s son , Thurgood Marshall Jr. , was seated behind Kagan , who clerked for the elder Marshall as a young lawyer .
Texas Senator John Cornyn complianed the hearing about Justice Marshall ’s " judicial philosophy " and argued that " it is clear he considered himself a judicial activist and was unapologetic about it , " while Utah Senator Orrin Hatch opined to reporters during a break in the proceedings that much of Justice Marshall ’s record " really did n’t make sense as an obedient student of the practice of law . "
Another key Republican , Arizona Senator John Kyl , griped about Justice Marshall ’s sympathy for " underdogs . "
Kyl bemoaned the fact that Kagan " wrote a tribute to Justice Marshall in which she said in his view it was the role of the courts and interpreting the Constitution to protect the people who went unprotected by every other organ of government . "
Building his " case " that Kagan is too inclined to consider the circumstance of those who lack power and privilege , Kyl grumbed about how , " later , when she was working in the Clinton administration , she encouraged a colleague working on a speech about Justice Marshall to emphasize his unshakable determination to protect the underdog . "
Horrors !
She respects champions of civil rights .
She is sympathetic to those who might not able to employ the most expensive lawyers in order to " buy justice . "
Ultimately , this line of attack , while perhaps unsettling , is the best indication that Kagan — who presented herself to the committee as an judicially " modest , " and rigidly centrist , nominee who believes " we come closest to getting things right when we approach every person and every issue with an open mind " — will be endorsed by the committee majority ( perhaps even with some Republican votes ) and by the full Senate ( almost certainly with Republican votes . )
Thurgood Marshall Jr. did admit to being " taken aback " by the amount of attention devoted to a former justice .
" It almost seemed at times as if it was a rehearing on my father ’s nomination , " he said .
But that ’s the key .
If all that the “ opposition in search of a rationale ” can muster against Kagan is the fact of her association with Justice Marshall , the best bet is that she will be confirmed .
In the partisan hothouse that is the current Senate , however , it is unlikely that Kagan will be confirmed by the same margin as Justice Marshall , who was approved on a 69 - 11 vote in 1967 .
Notably , Justice Marshall received the vote of every Republican senator but one , that of former States ’ Rights Party presidential candidate Strom Thurmond .
The other ten " no " votes came from segregationist Democrats from the Deep South and one border - state senator , Robert Byrd of West Virginia , who , amusingly , complained that Marshall ’s nomination would create an " activist majority " on the high court .
( Byrd would come to regret his stances and his statements during the civil rights era . )
The leader of the opposition to Justice Marshall ’s confirmation was North Carolina Senator Sam Ervin Jr. , a Democrat .
The chief champion of Justice Marshall before the Senate vote forty - tyree years ago was a Republican , Jacob Javits of New York , who condemned critics of the nominee for " rearguing past decisions on the court with which they disagree . "
Now , the Republicans are doing the rearguing , not the Southern segregationist Democrats .
But the fundamental reality is a steady one : when the opposition obsesses about previous decisions of previous justices , the current nominee does not have much to worry about .
Scientists are also taking skin samples from the whale , which will be tested for petroleum .
The results of those tests , as well as tests on its skin and blubber to determine its gender , may take weeks to process , the oceanic agency said .
Government workers are also trying to rule out other possible causes of death , like a ship strike or net entanglement .
“ It is a relatively rare occurrence , ” said Ms. Mase , who added that there have been only five or six whale deaths in the gulf in five years , “ so we are studying this very carefully . ”
NOAA sent a research ship to the area around the Deepwater Horizon a few days ago specifically to learn whether the oil spill was changing whales ’ behavior and if so , in what ways .
There are an estimated 1,700 sperm whales that live in gulf waters and they are known to congregate particularly at the mouth of the Mississippi River , a rich feeding ground .
Unlike other whales , which travel long distances , these live full - time in the gulf and do not usually mingle with sperm whale pods in the neighboring Caribbean and Sargasso Sea .
Ms. Mase said that the dead whale was almost certainly a gulf whale .
The fate of the whales , which have frequently been spotted swimming in the oil by planes overhead , has been of intense concern to wildlife biologists .
Because whales are large and very mobile , they are relatively less vulnerable to oil spills than other sea life .
However , the whales are classified as endangered and the crude oil is toxic to them .
Moreover , they prefer to dive and fish right off the continental shelf , where the Deepwater Horizon wellhead is located , and their sensitivity to the large plumes of oil droplets and the enormous amount of dispersants being used to combat this disaster is unknown .
5 Investing Lessons from World Cup
One of the most exciting world cup games was played yesterday between Germany and England , with some controversy .
The World Cup is the world ’s biggest sporting events and it only keeps growing ; as a big football fan I have been following most of the games in South Africa this year and as a personal finance enthusiast I have noticed some parallels between the World Cup and investing .
Past Performance is Not Indicative of Future Results
No two World Cups are the same and nobody can predict with 100 % accuracy who will win , just because a team performed well in the last World Cup does not mean they will win again .
Just look at Italy and France , last World Cup ’s finalists did not even manage to qualify out of the group stages .
It is very similar in investing , just because a specific stock or mutual fund performed well one year , one cannot expect the same results the following year .
Always remember that past performance is not indicative of future results .
Do n’t be Shocked
In every World Cup there are big surprises and shocks , who would have expected Switzerland to beat Spain or Italy to be knocked out in the group stages ?
Big shocks is just part of the game and that ’s what makes it beautiful .
Five years ago nobody would have expected Lehman Brothers to go bankrupt or AIG to be on the verge of bankruptcy , but it happened .
Nothing is for sure ; do not be surprised if your “ sure ” investment goes belly - up .
Be prepared for anything , the unusual is possible .
It ’s Team Work
Football is a team sport .
There are great players like Messi and Podolski , however alone they cannot achieve anything .
It ’s always about a team effort and unselfish acts .
Everybody on the team has to carry their own weight and be responsible for their tasks .
The situation is similar in investing and personal finance , it ’s a team sport .
The involved parties could be spouses , investment advisor and even children .
All parties have to contribute their share in order for the plans to be successful .
You Need a Strong Defense .
Defense .
Defense .
Defense .
Scoring a goal is a whole lot harder then conceding one .
A strong defense is a must in order to win .
Looking back at almost every World Cup winner one common element is strong defense .
Without a defense the team is hopeless .
Over the last two years most investors have learned the importance of a strong defense .
Everything is great when our portfolio is enjoying substantial gains , but things can fall apart in a matter days .
It often takes just a week , or even less , to destroy gains of over a decade ; and it may take another decade to recuperate all those losses .
A strong defense is vital in an investment plan as without it your portfolio is hopeless .
Patience Wins .
Patience is critical in football , rushing the ball down the field and taking long shots will never win you a game .
Just ask team USA who needed a win in the last group game against Algeria to move on and it took them 91 minutes to score the goal .
Patience is also critical in investing , trying to time the market and make a few quick bucks will not ensure you a comfortable retirement , but patience and discipline will go a long way .
World Cup is about a lot more then just football !
Reddit Email 0 Shares
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said Sunday in Toronto in the wake of the G20 conference that Turkey will no longer routinely give Israeli military aircraft permission to fly in Turkish airspace .
The announcement came as Turkey forbade an Israeli military airplane ( taking officers on a visit to the sites of Nazi death camps for Jews in Poland ) to fly over its territory .
The Turkish press denies that the destination of the plane influenced the decision .
Future Israeli military overflight permissions will be granted on an ad hoc basis .
From the Guardian : ‘ Israel ’s
Ynet news website reported that other military flights had also been quietly cancelled .
“ Turkey is continuing to downgrade its relations with Israel , ” an unnamed official told Ynet .
“ This is a long - term process and not something that began just after the flotilla incident .
We are very concerned . ” ‘
Israel should be very concerned , since it is significantly more isolated in the Mediterranean than it has ever been in its history .
And this isolation derives from Israeli policies , of illegal blockades of , and systematic land theft and displacement of occupied civilians under its control , along with aggressive wars on neighbors , which target infrastructure and civilians and are clearly intended to keep neighbors poor and backward .
I do not know if the Turkish air force has “ identify friend or foe ” codes .
But it is possible that it does , and that it gives the code to regional military allies .
Thus , US planes flying out of Incirlik air force base in Turkey to Iraq could be putting out IFF codes that reassure Turkish fighter jets on patrol that they are friendly .
US aircraft certainly use this system to reassure each other .
Erdogan ’s announcement may mean that the Israeli air force used to have the Turkish IFF codes , but that they have now been changed and have not been shared with Tel Aviv .
As a result , every overflight would have to be individually authorized or risk being suspected of being hostile and shot down .
The change in policy is significant because the Israeli air force in the past has flown over Turkey without permission for military purposes .
Thus , when Israel bombed a Syrian facility it claimed was a budding nuclear reactor in October , 2007 , its fighter jets flew over Turkish territory .
Erdogan is said to have been surprised when it was reported to him that jettisoned Israeli fuel tanks from the raid had been found inside Turkey .
But if the Israeli air force had Turkey ’s IFF codes , they would not have needed prior permission for that overflight and would not have needed to worry about being mistaken for hostiles by the Turkish air force .
And , Israeli officers could have been confident that the Turkish generals or “ pashas ” in Ankara would hardly complain very much about a potential nuclear reactor in Syria having been taken out .
Turkey and Syria for decades had bad relations .
But now things have changed radically .
Erdogan has a policy of pursuing good relations with immediate neighbors .
He takes this policy so seriously that he has just removed Iran and Greece from Ankara ’s “ Red Book ” or classified list of security threats .
Erdogan has also made friends with Syrian president Bashar al - Asad .
In fact , he offered Ankara ’s good offices for indirect Israeli - Syrian talks that may have been going somewhere when the Israeli leadership suddenly brutally attacked Gaza in December - January 2008 - 2009 , shocking and dismaying Erdogan and so angering Damascus that the talks collapsed , perhaps for the long term .
The political culture of the Israeli elite , which tends to treat allies as patsies , has left Erdogan scarred and grouchy .
After the Israeli commando attack on the Turkish Mavi Marmara aid ship on May 31 , which left 8 Turkish citizens and one American dead , Erdogan demanded an apology from Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu .
He has received none .
He demanded an international investigatory commission .
Israel rejected that request .
He wants an end to Israel ’s blockade of Palestinian civilians in Gaza .
The Israelis announced they would let in a third more trucks , but even with that change only a fourth of the goods would go into Gaza this year as went in before the blockade .
Erdogan appears to have spent a lot of time at the G20 meeting in Toronto showing other leaders , such as Dimitry Medvedev of Russia and Barack Obama , the forensics reports on the Israeli commandos ’ killing of humanitarian workers on the Mavi Marmara .
He pressed on Obama the need for an Israeli apology , and Erdogan says that Obama agreed with him , and pledged to convey the message to Netanyahu when they meet in Washington on July 7 .
Erdogan has been repeatedly sandbagged and played by Israeli decision - makers , presumably on the theory that with Turkey ’s candidacy for the EU going nowhere fast , and Turkey ’s relations with the Arab world and Iran traditionally poor , Ankara had nowhere to go for friends but Tel Aviv and Washington .
What the Israeli politicians do not seem to have realized is that with the repeated election of the Justice and Development Party in Turkey and the consolidation of power in Erdogan ’s hands , Ankara has a new and robust foreign and commercial policy with several planks .
Turkey ’s candidacy for the European Union gives it excellent access to European markets even while it waits for a decision .
It does $ 20 billion a year in business with Germany , $ 5 billion a year with Holland , etc .
This access to Europe from the late 1990s has helped spur a Turkish economic miracle .
( In some ways , it matters less if Turkey is admitted to Europe than if it just manages to remain a candidate for decades ) .
Turkey has already undergone a demographic transition , so ever - increasing population growth no longer blunts gains in economic growth .
The country , now 72 million , will likely level off at 90 million .
Even as Turkey maintains and strengthens its European links , it has been since the late 1940s a member of NATO and its troops fight in Afghanistan .
But Europe ( to which the Islamically tinged Justice and Development Party is especially committed ) is only one wing of Turkey ’s foreign policy .
It has two others– the United States , and the Middle East .
Turkish exports to Iran in 2009 amounted to $ 2 billion , up from only $ 320 million in 2002 .
Turkey does $ 3 billion a year in trade with Lebanon , Syria and Jordan , more than the $ 2.5 billion it does with Israel .
And the total Turkish trade with the Arab world is now a whopping $ 30 billion per annum – 12 times its trade volume with Israel .
Some 20 percent of Turkey ’s exports go to the Arab world ( up from 12 % in 2004 ) , while 50 % of its exports go to Europe .
And Ankara ’s flag is following its trade .
Some Western observers misunderstand Erdogan ’s foreign and trade policies as increasingly oriented to the Middle East rather than to the West .
That interpretation is incorrect .
Erdogan does not want to substitute the Middle East for Europe .
He wants to add the Middle East to Europe as spokes in Turkish diplomacy and commerce .
A Turkey nearly as big as Germany , with a rapidly growing economy , which can offer itself as a bridge between Europe , the Middle East , and the US , could emerge as an indispensable country in the 21st century .
Israel is therefore not , as Tel Aviv appears to have earlier imagined , the only regional game in town for Turkey .
It is a source of military technology and tourism and a way of cultivating good relations with Washington .
But if Israel is going to keep embarrassing Erdogan with one SNAFU after another , it just is n’t that important and can be jettisoned .
And one dimension of Israel - Turkish military relations has just been jettisoned .
USA Today brings us a detailed look at Rock Band 3 .
The brand new 25 - key keyboard controller is also revealed .
The keyboard can be used as a MIDI keyboard , and the note highway will shift so the correct keys are covered .
New guitars are also going to be released along with Rock Band 3 that take advantage of the new Pro mode .
One of the guitars will even be a fully functional Fender guitar !
Expect improved UI functions too , such as drop - in - and - drop - out multiplayer and being able to change a song 's difficulty without having to restart .
Wow , that keyboard controller looks really hard .
You all excited ?
' Rock Band 3 ' : Keyboards are the key [ USA Today via GoNintendo ]
[ Update : Hit the break for a list of some of the songs that will be in Rock Band 3 . ]
2000s
Combat Baby -- Metric
Dead End Friends -- Them Crooked Vultures
Get Free -- The Vines
Lasso -- Phoenix
Me Enamora -- Juanes
Oh My God -- Ida Maria
Portions of Foxes -- Rilo Kiley
The Hardest Button to Button -- The White Stripes
1990s
Been Caught Stealing -- Jane 's Addiction
In the Meantime -- Spacehog
Plush -- Stone Temple Pilots
Walkin ' on the Sun -- Smash Mouth
1980s
Crazy Train -- Ozzy Osbourne
Here I Go Again -- Whitesnake
I Love Rock and Roll -- Joan Jett
Just Like Heaven -- The Cure
Rainbow in the Dark -- Dio
The Power of Love -- Huey Lewis and the News
Sister Christian -- Night Ranger
1960s - 1970s
Bohemian Rhapsody -- Queen
Break On Through -- The Doors
Crosstown Traffic -- Jimi Hendrix
' Rock Band 3 ' : the songs announced so far [ USA Today -- Thanks , Suff0cat ! ]
More than just the baby blues
How postpartum depression arises and how it could be prevented
Within the first week after giving birth , up to 70 percent of all women experience symptoms of the baby blues .
While most women recover quickly , up to 13 percent of all new mothers suffer from symptoms of a clinical - level postpartum depression .
Postpartum depression is defined as a major depressive episode starting within 4 weeks after delivery and is a significant public health problem .
Postpartum blues represents a major risk factor for developing postpartum depression and severe postpartum blues symptoms can be viewed as a prodromal stage for postpartum depression .
Julia Sacher from the MPI for Human Cognitive and Brain Sciences in Leipzig and her colleague Jeffrey H. Meyer from the Centre for Addiction and Mental Health in Toronto , Canada , could now reveal an increase of the enzyme MAO - A throughout the female brain in the immediate postpartum period and propose a novel , neurobiological model for postpartum blues [ Arch. Gen. Psychiatry , 26 May 2010 ] .
Monoamine model of postpartum blues .
A : After delivery , estrogen levels drop 100 - to 1000 fold ; the estrogen decline is greatest during the first 3 to 4 days postpartum , with a modest decline thereafter .
B : Monoamine oxidase A ( MAO - A ) levels are significantly greater in the early postpartum period , with a peak on day 5 postpartum .
C : In the early postpartum period , up to 70 % of mothers experience sadness , mood lability , anxiety , insomnia , poor appetite , and irritability , with mood being lowest on day 5 postpartum .
© Max Planck Institute for Human Cognitive and Brain Sciences Monoamine model of postpartum blues .
A : After delivery , estrogen levels drop 100 - to 1000 fold ; the estrogen decline is greatest during the first 3 to 4 days postpartum , with a modest decline thereafter .
B : Monoamine oxidase A ( MAO - A ) levels are significantly greater in the early postpartum period , with a peak on day 5 postpartum .
C : In the early postpartum period , up to 70 % of mothers experience sadness , mood lability , anxiety , insomnia , poor appetite , and irritability , with mood being lowest on day 5 postpartum .
© Max Planck Institute for Human Cognitive and Brain Sciences
For most women , the birth of their baby is one of the most strenuous but also happiest days in their lives .
So it is very difficult to understand why almost three - quarters of all women feel down shortly after giving birth .
They can suffer from extreme sadness , mood swings , anxiety , sleeplessness , loss of appetite , and irritability .
For a long time , the reasons for this have been unclear .
What has been known is that in the first three to four days after giving birth , estrogen levels drop 100 to 1000 fold .
In the current study researchers have discovered that proportional to this estrogen - loss , levels of the enzyme monoamine oxidase A ( MAO - A ) increase dramatically throughout the female brain .
The enzyme can be found in higher concentrations in glial cells and monoamine - releasing neurons , where it breaks down the neurotransmitters serotonin , dopamine , and norepinephrine .
As well as being responsible for transmitting signals between nerve cells , these neurotransmitters also influence our mood .
If they are deficient , we initially feel sad , and later have a high risk of becoming depressed .
Using positron emission tomography ( PET ) - an imaging method that creates images of the distribution of a short - lived radioactive substance in an organism - the researchers measured the distribution of a radioactively - marked ligand in the brain which binds specifically and with a high affinity to the enzyme monoamine oxidase A .
They found that levels of MAO - A were , on average , 43 percent higher in women who had just had a baby than in a control group consisting of women who either had children a long time ago or had no children .
The MAO - A increase could be shown in all brain regions investigated , with MAO - A levels being highest on day five postpartum .
This result fits neatly with the fact that the mood of mothers often hits a low precisely on this day .
Severe baby blues symptoms can be viewed as a prodromal stage for postpartum depression .
From this perspective , preventing depressive symptoms in the immediate postpartum period may have powerful impact for prophylaxis of postpartum depression .
Attempts can be made to either lower elevated levels of MAO - A with selected antagonist drugs , or to increase the concentration of monoamine neurotransmitters that can elevate mood .
Both have the goal of keeping levels of monoamine neurotransmitters in the brain balanced after birth .
Given the need to develop treatments that are compatible with breastfeeding , the intake of dietary supplements of monoamine precursors in the early postpartum period would be a promising strategy to maintain a sufficient balance of monoamines during this time .
This includes the administration of precursor supplements such as the amino acids tryptophan and tyrosine , which the body can convert into the neurotransmitters serotonin , norepinephrine , and dopamine , respectively .
" Our results have the exciting potential for prevention for severe postpartum blues .
This could have an impact on prevention and treatment of postpartum depression in the future " , says Julia Sacher , first author of the study .
Food manufacturers have been pouring millions of pounds into a last - ditch attempt to block a European plan to put red warning labels on junk food .
In one of the biggest lobbying efforts ever seen in Brussels , lobbyists for Europe 's £ 800 m - a - year food industry have been bombarding MEPs with thousands of emails , letters and phone calls and sponsored reports , lectures and conferences ahead of a vote in the European Parliament tomorrow .
They are trying to prevent the European Union adopting the British Food Standards Agency 's front of pack labelling system which displays red , amber and green " traffic lights " to indicate levels of salt , fat and other nutrients .
Although the scheme devised has the backing of doctors and dietitians , because it could cut Britain 's annual toll of 70,000 diet - related deaths , the retailers Tesco and Morrisons and the multinational firms Nestlé , Kellogg's , Danone , Kraft , and PepsiCo have refused to introduce it .
They back a rival scheme called Guideline Daily Amounts , which expresses the nutrients as percentages of an adult 's recommended daily intake .
Independent research shows that traffic lights , which have the backing of the British Medical Association and the British Dietetic Association , are more effective than GDAs in putting consumers off unhealthy products .
Despite that , in March the European Parliament 's environment committee rejected traffic lights by 32 - 30 votes , following intense lobbying by manufacturers .
One MEP , Carl Schlyter , from Sweden , believes some MEPs shifted their views as a result of the pressure .
" In the earlier discussions people were much more open - minded , " he said .
" But they have been exposed to so much industry pressure that it shifted focus . "
A Dutch socialist MEP Kartika Liotard , who sat on the environment committee , said representations were 100 - to - one in favour of the industry and during key meetings the room was so full of lobbyists that there were no seats for MEPs ' assistants .
The lobbying has now shifted to the 736 MEPs who will vote on the adoption of a unified labelling system tomorrow .
They will vote on three options : traffic lights with GDAs and the words " high " , " medium " or " low " ; GDAs based on percentages per 100g ; or a calorie count .
Representations to MEPs by the food industry have been heavily skewed against the colour - coded scheme , claimed Glenis Willmott , the leader of Labour 's MEPs .
Ms Willmott , who is also Labour 's health spokeswoman , said : " Some food manufacturers ... have poured enormous amounts of money , time and effort into challenging these ideas that would give consumers a better understanding of what 's in their food .
" They do n't want to see traffic - light labels because they do n't want this kind of information in such an easy - to - understand format .
They prefer complex labels that make it far harder for shoppers to really understand what 's going in their basket . "
In a report , Corporate Europe Observatory , a business watchdog based in Brussels , disclosed that Commission documents suggested that the PR and lobbying consultancy Fleishman - Hillard had been paid up to € 671,000 to promote GDAs by the European confederation of food and drink industries , the CIAA .
" This has been a massive campaign from the food and drink industry , which clearly feels that the traffic light labelling scheme would damage its profitability , " said Nina Holland , author of the report , A Red Light For Consumer Information .
The CIAA acknowledges its members spent € 1bn on implementing the GDA scheme across Europe , but would not say how much they had spent on lobbying .
In a statement the confederation , whose members include the UK Food and Drink Federation , rejected any suggestion its members had been exerting improper influence .
It said : " EU food and drink manufacturers have a legitimate interest in following this piece of EU legislation and we have made sure that European policy - makers are kept abreast of our views on this important draft law . "
The vote is expected to be close .
Among the groups expected to back traffic lights are the Greens and the centre left S&D which includes Labour , while the centre right EPP is mostly against .
The Eurosceptic ECR grouping including the Conservatives is also likely to vote against traffic lights .
The Conservative group said it was too early to reveal the party 's position .
Which ? , formerly the Consumer 's Association , says MEPs have the chance to back a simple system , traffic lights , that could explain what is in their food .
Monique Goyens , director general of the European Consumers ' Organisation , said : " Independent research tells us the colour - code labelling scheme , already used by some major supermarkets , is the system that shoppers find the most useful and easiest to understand . "
Are new medical residents a threat to patient health ?
According to sociology professor David Phillips and his student Gwendolyn Barker from the University of California , San Diego , fatal medication errors peak in July in counties with teaching hospitals , which coincides with the yearly influx of new medical residents who are given increased responsibility for patient care .
Their findings are published in the Journal of General Internal Medicine , the official journal of the Society of General Internal Medicine , published by Springer .
Phillips and Barker looked at the relationship between inexperience and medical error by focusing on changes in the number of medication mistakes ( involving accidental overdose of a drug , wrong drug given or taken in error , drug taken inadvertently , and accidents in the use of drugs in medical and surgical procedures ) in July , when thousands begin medical residencies .
They tested the hypothesis that the arrival of new medical residents in July is associated with increased fatal medication errors .
They examined 244,388 U.S. death certificates issued between 1979 and 2006 , focusing on fatal medication errors as the recorded primary cause of death .
They compared the observed number of deaths in July with the number of expected events in a given month for a given year .
They also looked at whether there were any differences between deaths in and out of hospitals in July as well as between counties with and without teaching hospitals .
The authors found that inside medical institutions , fatal medication errors spiked in July and in no other month .
This July peak was visible only in counties with teaching hospitals .
In these counties , the number of July deaths from medication errors was 10 percent above the expected level .
No similar link was observed for other causes of death or for deaths outside hospitals .
The authors highlight several implications for medical policy .
" Our findings , " they write , " provide fresh evidence for 1 ) re-evaluating responsibilities assigned to new residents ; 2 ) increasing supervision of new residents ; 3 ) increasing education concerned with medication safety .
Incorporating these changes might reduce both fatal and non-fatal medication errors and thereby reduce the substantial costs associated with these errors . "
###
The Pentagon says it opposes a bill to re-designate the Department of the Navy as the Department of the Navy and Marine Corps and deems the name change as “ unnecessary , ” costly and a move that would do nothing to elevate the standing of the Marine Corps , which was the intention of the bill .
In a letter released today by Senate Armed Services Committee chair Sen. Carl Levin ’s office , Pentagon general counsel Jeh Johnson writes the dissenting opinion :
“ The Navy and Marine Corps have been one team led by one Secretary since Benjamin Stoddert was named the first Secretary of the Navy by president Adams in 1798 .
The tremendous sense of unity and jointness that have been the hallmark of the Navy and Marine Corps team for well over 200 years is unique among the services …
A re-designation could be viewed as more than symbolic , and could easily be misinterpreted as a step away from the heritage and tradition of a strong Navy and Marine Corps team . ”
Of course such a change would also fly in the face of Defense Secretary Robert Gates ’ new initiative to reduce redundant and unnecessary management at the Pentagon .
– Greg Grant
| Share
“ North Carolina State law prohibits the carrying of firearms in the Charlotte Convention Center , and the Time Warner Cable Arena , ” the sign outside the convention hall reads .
“ In addition , the Rules and Regulations of the Charlotte Convention Center prohibit the carrying of firearms in the Center .
Pursuant to Time Warner Cable Arena policy , all individuals entering the Arena will be subject to a magnetometer security check . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Sound like the entryway into this years ’
Netroots Nation , a convention of liberal bloggers ?
Well , it is n’t : it ’s the sign outside the door to the convention for the country ’s largest gun rights organization , the NRA .
While the National Rifle Association is pushing for looser rules governing concealed weapons , they ’ve agreed to restrictions opposing to the weapons appearing on their own convention floor .
The national gun lobby held their event in Charlotte , NC this past weekend .
The liberal blog ThinkProgress , which has posted in support of gun control , sent a correspondent to the convention to interview attendees .
Three NRA convention members expressed support for the convention center ’s anti-gun policy .
“ You do nÃ ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t have a problem with not bringing firearms here ? ” the blog asked .
“ Not really , ” one NRA member said .
“ ItÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s up to the individual place of business .
ItÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s their right to do as they choose .
ItÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s my right to choose not to come in if I choose not to do so .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I understand it , ” said another .
“ I think most people carry a gun for self defense .
In a place like this , IÃ ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ve seen enough police presence around here I do nÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t think that there would be much of a problem . ”
Josh Sugarman , executive director of the liberal Violence Policy Center in Washington , mocked the NRA ’s rules in a blog entry at The Huffington Post .
“ The NRA could publicly gnash their teeth and caterwaul about mass disarmament resulting from the draconian rules imposed by the state of North Carolina and the dark overlords of the Time - Warner Cable Arena , ” Sugarman writes .
“ Instead , they relegate the issue to a note on their website . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
In response to inquiries , the NRA sent the following note from “ Ken ” at NRA member communications .
Thank you for contacting us .
The Charlotte Convention Center does not allow the carrying of firearms , both open and concealed .
The large size of our event and the fact that many of the largest convention centers are in some of the most restrictive cities leaves us with relatively few convention centers large enough to accommodate the Annual Meetings .
In an effort to provide all NRA members a better opportunity to attend the Annual Meetings , it is important that we move the event around the country as much as possible .
While we will not consider bringing the Annual Meetings to a city with gun laws we feel are restrictive , we must however deal with convention centers that have restrictions simply because there are so few convention centers that both allow conceal carry and are large enough to host all of the events that comprise the Annual Meetings .
Thank you for your support !
Best Regards ,
Ken
NRA Member Communications
ADVERTISEMENT
One gun-rights enthusiast writing on an open - carry forum said he was confused by the organization ’s justification for a gun ban at their event .
“ I ’m scratching my head here , ” the poster wrote .
“ Should n’t the NRA go out of its way to accommodate the gun-carrying ( not just the gun owning ) public ?
“ Why not a gathering at some sort of park , private club , or open carry friendly restaurant ?
( renting out an entire large restaurant that is confirmed to be gun-carry friendly and legal )
Are they saying they are not truly smart or savvy enough to find a place that will accomplish this goal and show us as we truly are instead of disarming us ?
If a gun show can be held at the State Fairgrounds ( or a convention center or some place like that ) , why not a gun-owner gathering ? ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I just do n’t get it , ” the poster added .
ThinkProgress ’ interviews with NRA attendees appear in the video following .
" When she got to the outside of that location , she was approached by an unknown male who dragged her to the rear of that property , took all of her clothes off of her , savagely beat her about the head and body and , we believe , strangled her and robbed her , " Clark said .
Unable to obtain insurance , Maywood announced this week it would lay off nearly all its employees , disband its Police Department and entrust all municipal operations to the neighboring city of Bell .
But Bell may have problems of its own .
The Los Angeles County district attorney ’s office said Wednesday it is investigating why council members of the small , working - class city are paid nearly $ 100,000 a year for a part - time job .
In a June 8 letter to Bell City Manager Robert Rizzo , David Demerjian , who heads the district attorney ’s Public Integrity Division , said a review of city records showed that council members each received $ 8,083.25 per month .
FULL COVERAGE : High salaries stir outrage in Bell
Demerjian said under state law and based on population , part - time council members in small cities should be paid a $ 400 monthly stipend .
He asked the city for an explanation .
In contrast , council members in Maywood earn about $ 300 a month .
Vice Mayor Teresa Jacobo said Demerjian ’s figures were misleading and that the monthly figure in Bell includes the cost of medical insurance , retirement and other benefits .
Mayor Oscar Hernandez said he knew nothing about the investigation .
“ The average income for a person in our area is $ 32,000 and $ 38,000 a year , ” he said .
“ In a troubled city , the city council should get paid a little more . ”
Councilman Luis Artiga said he welcomed the investigation .
“ I do n’t think we ’re stealing or doing anything wrong , ” he said .
Beginning July 1 , Bell will take over running the day - to - day operation in Maywood , which reached a crisis level this week after its insurance was canceled .
Officials with groups and associations that track California municipalities say Maywood is the only city they can recall that has dismissed all its employees , except for the city manager , city attorney and elected officials .
The Los Angeles County Sheriff ’s Department has been asked to patrol the city , located south of downtown Los Angeles .
Maywood officials said they were forced to take the action Monday since they were unable to obtain insurance because of the city ’s history of lawsuits , mainly involving its Police Department .
Demerjian said his investigators have received complaints about Maywood .
Normally , he said , his office would investigate the complaints but decided to back off “ because of ongoing investigations by other agencies . ”
He would not elaborate or identify the agencies or say what they are looking into .
Bell has an estimated population of slightly less than 40,000 people .
About 90 % are Latino and 53 % are foreign - born .
Demerjian called the Bell probe “ an inquiry . ”
He said it would become a full investigation if his office is convinced a crime has been committed .
His two - page letter outlines questions similar to those faced by five then - current and former Lynwood council members in 2007 .
In that case , the city leaders were prosecuted for allegedly boosting their salaries , which included for sitting on other city panels .
In his letter , Demerjian said that records appeared to show that council members received salaries of $ 150 a month and $ 60 a month for an organization called the CRA , which he said he assumed was the Community Redevelopment Agency .
The letter noted that council members received another $ 7,873.25 monthly for others groups identified only by acronyms , which appeared to include the Public Finance Authority , Surplus Property Authority and Bell Community Housing Authority .
In the Lynwood case , a former councilman told prosecutors that council members were dramatically increasing their salaries by attending meetings of two city agencies .
Demerjian said the Lynwood officials received $ 75,000 to $ 80,000 a year from those meetings .
Charges against two Lynwood officials were dropped , one pleaded guilty and two are awaiting trial .
The small industrial cities in southeast Los Angeles County , where Maywood and Bell are located , have seen several of their officials charged with corruption by federal and local authorities in recent years , including those in Bell Gardens , Compton , Huntington Park and South Gate .
jeff.gottlieb@latimes.com
ruben.vives@latimes.com
To view all pages of the Aleppo Codex - please go to https://barhama.com then scroll down to the Aleppo Codex project and you will find the link : https://barhama.com.
Please contact ardon@barhama.com : https://barhama.com.
Bank of America traders are n't allowed to trade with BP anymore .
From Reuters :
Bank of America Merrill Lynch has ordered its traders not to enter into oil trades with BP Plc. ( BP.L ) that extend beyond June 2011 .
The order apparently came from a high - level exec and told traders not to engage in trade with BP for contracts beyond one year from this month .
So BAC is freaked out about BP and freaking everyone out about BP too .
And meanwhile , BP is killing these beaches one by one and ruining them forever -->
Read the full story -->
YouTube
Zach Anner , the latest viral celebrity with a fondness for wigs , is saying , “ Thank you , Internet ! ”
The hilarious Austin - native made an audition tape for Oprah ’s “ Your Own Show ” , which is her search for the next big TV star .
Submissions fall into one of five categories , with Anner ’s being in the “ wildcard ” category , and viewers can then vote for their favorite .
Anner , who has cerebral palsy – “ the sexiest of the palsies ” — pitched his idea for a show on traveling through all obstacles .
Anner ’s video quickly went viral and has by far the most votes ( more than 2.5 million ! ) .
After learning about the support for his idea , Anner followed up with another amazing video , this time thanking everyone for their support , including John Mayer ( “ I know that my body ’s a wonderland , but I do n’t know why he ’d be interested in me ” ) .
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bG0_rnkRiM8]
His second video only re-affirms what made his audition video so popular : Zach Anner is awesome !
And considering the horde of ridiculous characters the Internet has given us in the past , this time we should be the ones saying “ thank you , Internet ! ”
Check out the videos and then vote here .
The Futurama of Physics with David X. Cohen
By Matt Groening
In the episode “ Bender ’s Big Score ” of Futurama , the animated television comedy , the character Professor Farnsworth contemplates paradox - free time travel .
“ I believe this ‘ paradoxicality ’ equation to be unsolvable , ” he says , pointing to the equation , E=9.87sin( 2B ) -7.53 cos ( B ) - 1.5 sin( B ) , written on a blackboard .
“ Ergo , time travel is impossible .
But I ca n’t quite prove it .
” Thanks to some help from a “ razzle dazzle ” band of basketball - playing mathematicians , the Harlem Globetrotters , who “ use variation of parameters and expand the Wronskian ” , the claim is disproven in a rare instance of televised mathematics ... with the caveat that the very fabric of causality may rupture .
Whether a doomsday scenario is possible in the Universe of Futurama is of great interest to David X. Cohen , the show ’s Executive Producer and head writer , and a former writer and producer for The Simpsons .
Cohen has a bachelor ’s degree in physics from Harvard and a master ’s degree in computer science from UC Berkeley , and is not afraid to use them .
With an omnipresent devotion to physics , and many writing colleagues on the show with backgrounds in applied math , electrical engineering , computer science , and chemistry themselves , Cohen is always looking for places in stories where he can insert “ an in - joke ” relating to science and technology .
He is extremely proud of the fact that Futurama is one of the “ few shows that can put in a joke for a physics graduate student , ” he says .
“ And with an animated show , you have much more opportunity to do those kinds of things .
In a live action show , it ’s kind of hard to put in a floating holographic equation .
” His veiled mathematical homages are usually in the background , and are done mostly “ to amuse ourselves , ” he says .
One of his favorite clandestine operations was an allusion to Fermat ’s Last Theorem in an episode of The Simpsons entitled “ Homer . ”
In the name of entertainment , he wrote a computer program to search for very near misses of the theorem , and found some so close that they could not be invalidated by a standard 8 - digit calculator .
“ But I felt I could do better , ” Cohen says with conviction , and in another episode , he penned another equation which improved the answer by one decimal place .
Although it was repetitive , he just felt the need to do it .
“ I felt competitive with myself , ” he admits .
Cohen gets such a kick out of imbedding television episodes with scientific citations that after his shows air , he sometimes trolls the internet to read fan comments about his contributions .
Despite his passion for burying physics treasure in a trove of episodes , Cohen , along with Matt Groening ( creator of The Simpsons , and Executive Producer along with Cohen of Futurama ) , made the conscious decision early on that “ we would make sure that the story and the humor would take the first position and science would take the second position .
As much respect as we have for science , we have to make the show entertaining . ”
This requires Cohen to bend natural laws , but “ we try to come up with an explanation that will amuse scientists , even if it is bogus , ” he says .
For example , since the show ’s universe requires travel faster than the speed of light , “ we stuck something in one episode where we stated that the characters were n’t actually traveling faster than light , but that scientists had in fact managed to increase the speed of light , ” Cohen explains .
“ We like to at least acknowledge it when we know we ’re wrong .
” But fans do n’t seem to mind .
Because Futurama is a comedy and not a drama like Star Trek , “ we are given much more leeway ” to alter the rules of space and time , says Cohen .
“ We show a healthy respect for science , so I think it ’s okay if we do n’t always get it right ... the science - minded fans have learned to throw in the towel sometimes .
” Cohen knew from an early age he wanted to be a scientist–he was directly influenced by both of his parents being biologists .
“ It became a matter of which science I would go into , ” he recalls .
He had always gravitated towards math and physics and computers , and contemplates that his choice to pursue physics in college was perhaps “ a pathetic form of rebellion against my parents .
” However , when it did come time as an undergraduate at Harvard for him to choose whether to major in physics or comp science , he selected the former because “ physics was more of a fundamental thing to study , with a degree of eternal truth to it that I felt computer science did not necessarily have , ” Cohen posits .
“ I wanted a real , solid underpinning for whatever I decided to do later on …
Physics seemed more unchanging to me , more eternally useful , and I felt like I would have more options afterwards by majoring in physics .
” But he was also always driven to humor , and wrote comedic essays and served as the President of the Harvard Lampoon .
By the time he graduated from college , a plethora of his peers were jetting to Hollywood to launch careers in comedy writing .
“ Prior to that I never knew anyone who had done that and never thought of that as a career , ” he says .
He still went to graduate school , because , he recalls saying to himself , “ if I do n’t go now , I will forget everything I ’ve learned .
I have to keep up the momentum .
” But while a grad student , he continued writing .
“ I reached the point in graduate school where I had gotten a master ’s degree and was at a dead end on what I had been working on as research , and I would have had to start on something new , ” Cohen says .
“ It was a good time to think about what I was doing next .
The comedy writing won out at that point and I gave it a try .
” Cohen took a leave of absence from Berkeley and “ hung around my cheap , rent - controlled apartment ” where he wrote sample scripts for various TV programs .
By chance and “ pure luck ” , one of his scripts found its way into the hands of Mike Judge , the creator of animated shows such as Beavis and Butthead and King of the Hill , who at the time was looking for “ cheap writers . ”
Before he knew it , Cohen was hired to write some early episodes of Beavis and Butthead , and in 1993 , he joined the staff of The Simpsons , where he remained until 1998 , when he and Groening launched Futurama .
As Executive Producer , Cohen considers his most important responsibility to be that of head writer , and is involved with every script from its conception through its infancy and as it flowers into adulthood as a finished product ready to be animated .
It takes more than eight months to produce one episode of Futurama , from the moment a script is finalized to the time it is fully animated and ready to air .
Despite the fact that he incorporates many scientific references into his shows , he ironically is still unsure whether his decision to study physics was exactly the right one for his career path .
Spoken like a true scientist , he admits that he cannot make a final deduction because he “ was not able to perform the experiment successfully by majoring in every subject . ”
But physics definitely helped him – “ I feel like I was forced to work very hard , and to think hard and logically , and to try to understand the process behind the correct answer … and those things all come in handy no matter what you do .
” New episodes of Futurama are expected to be aired this year .
In an APS News exclusive , Cohen reveals for the first time that in the 10th episode of the upcoming season , tentatively entitled “ The Prisoner of Benda , ” a theorem based on group theory was specifically written ( and proven ! ) by staffer / PhD mathematician Ken Keeler to explain a plot twist .
Cohen ca n’t help but chuckle at the irony : his television - writing rule is that entertainment trumps science , but in this special case , a mathematical theorem was penned for the sake of entertainment .
Does the physicist - turned - comedy icon have any regrets ?
“ What I do is ultimately not similar to physics or computer science , ” Cohen admits .
“ I would like to have lived two lives , to be a scientist in one ...
So of course I have regrets .
Science is more important than what we do , although I do get a lot of satisfaction out of my work .
” “ One thing I worry about is that when we purposely present inaccurate science in Futurama in the name of entertainment , that viewers may hold it against us , ” he concedes .
“ We do have genuine respect for science , and we ’re trying , when we can , to raise the level of discussion of science on television .
If we fail sometimes , I hope people still appreciate the frequent attempts to bring real science into the show .
I apologize in advance for any failures in the future , because I ’m sure there will be many more , hopefully entertaining , failures .
” “ Comedy writing is not closely related to physics , ” Cohen concludes .
And yet he does confess that the research arm of science in general has correlations to comedy writing , in that their creative processes have similarities .
“ On a day to day basis , I ’m not using a lot of diagrams and solving differential equations .
But sometimes in writing , as in scientific research , you rely on your gut instinct and your experience to tell you that yes , I am setting off on a road that is worthwhile . ” Alaina G. Levine is a science writer and President of Quantum Success Solutions , a leadership and professional development consulting enterprise .
She can be contacted through www.alainalevine.com © , 2010 , Alaina G. Levine .
The weather system , the first named storm of the 2010 Atlantic Basin hurricane season , could prompt the activation of contingency plans that would see thousands of vessels involved in the nine - week effort to contain the spill sent back to port , efforts to plug the well suspended and the containment cap shut off , depending on its path .
To read the Meditations , you would not imagine them to be the writings of a man encamped in barbarian lands in the midst of war , nor of a man commanding the largest army ever assembled on the frontier of the Roman empire , nor of a man whose empire and army were in the grip of a deadly plague .
The Meditations ' lack of political or worldly anguish and anxiety is a mark of the philosophy they profess : Stoicism .
Marcus Aurelius : A Life , by Frank McLynn , Da Capo $ 30.00 , 720 pages
Ours is not a philosophical age , much less an age of Stoicism .
As Frank McLynn explains in his new biography of Marcus Aurelius , the last of Rome 's " five good emperors , " commander of Rome 's prolonged campaigns against the invasions of barbarian German tribes , and the last important Stoic philosopher of ancient days , our philosophers ( academics ) no longer profess to help the average person answer life 's great metaphysical questions .
Contemporary philosophers might contemplate such abstruse problems as whether mental properties can be said to emerge from the physical processes of the universe ; what the necessary and sufficient conditions are for self - interest ; where the mind stops and the rest of the world begins - not , perhaps , the pressing existential questions presented by the normal course of a human life .
Beyond the realm of professional philosophy , an ever - expanding tribe of self - appointed lay philosophers profess practical strategies for worldly success : how to win friends and influence , how not to sweat the small stuff , how to free ourselves from shyness , anxiety , phobias , poverty , extra pounds , how to ensnare the perfect mate , how to care for and feed a husband or be a domestic goddess .
But , again , these regimes , while they might indeed make you thinner , more confident , or more productive , do not answer life 's great metaphysical questions .
Between the hyper - intellectual abstractions of university philosophers and the calculating , materialistic schemes of self - help gurus , lies another philosophy .
This is the philosophy of the ancients , of Marcus Aurelius .
It is a practice that intends to help individuals answer life 's great metaphysical questions in both material and spiritual terms :
What is my place is the world , the cosmos ?
What is the purpose of existence ?
How do I live a good life ?
What is happiness and how do I achieve it ?
Marcus Aurelius ' contribution to this philosophy has come to be known simply as the Meditations , though the title Marcus gave the work - more a private collection of self - examinations and moral exercises than a systematic philosophy or spiritual autobiography intended for publication - was " The matters addressed to himself . "
And it is as much a model of moral self - examination as a demonstration of Stoic principles .
The work 's subtitles suggest that Marcus wrote some portion of the text during Rome 's Marcommanic wars , a long , brutal series of military campaigns prompted by the invasions of barbarian German tribes on the northern boarders of the Roman Empire during the 160's .
These wars occupied most of the last two decades of Marcus ' reign as emperor ( 160's and 170's ) , but to read the Meditations , you would not imagine them to be the writings of a man encamped in barbarian lands in the midst of war , nor of a man commanding the largest army ever assembled on the frontier of the Roman empire , nor of a man whose empire and army were in the grip of the Antonine plague ( believed now to have been smallpox or measles , possibly both ) , that lasted from 165 - 180 and killed , by some estimates as many as 18 million people , including , in 180 , Marcus himself ( notwithstanding Ridley Scott 's fanciful version of Marcus Aurelius ' death in Gladiator - smothered by his son , the psychotic future emperor Commodus ) .
The Meditations ' lack of political or worldly anguish and anxiety is a mark of the philosophy they profess : Stoicism .
As McLynn explains , our modern conception of Stoicism consists mainly in colloquial expressions such as " be a man , " " take what 's coming to you , " " roll with the punches , " and " make the best of it . "
Such expressions communicate the Stoic insistence on acceptance and steadfastness in the face of whatever life presents , no matter how calamitous .
One of the most famous lines from the Meditations is , " Remain ever the same , in the throes of pain , on the loss of a child , during a lingering illness " and many modern readers , including McLynn , find the Stoic creed - that virtue is the only good and the source of happiness and that we should train ourselves to rise above emotional , physical , and material concerns - inhuman , even monstrous .
It is one of the curious features of McLynn 's biography that he is openly hostile his subject 's philosophy : " A more priggish , inhuman , killjoy and generally repulsive doctrine would be hard to imagine , " he writes at the beginning of a caricatured exposition of the precepts of Marcus Aurelius ' Stoic predecessor Epictetus .
And in an appendix on Stoicism , McLynn contends that " one could just as well derive this cracker - barrel philosophy from the maxims of old - fashioned tea chests . "
This authorial frankness certainly makes for entertaining reading .
Many a scholarly pose of objectivity belies an unprofessed agenda and it's to McLynn 's credit that he lets his readers know exactly what he thinks about Stoicism ( little of it good ) and everything else that makes its way into his sweeping , highly readable account of Marcus and his age ( though the lay reader might find herself nodding a bit at the book 's extensive accounts of military campaigns and other extra-biographical digressions , while readers familiar with classical scholarship may be annoyed with McLynn for not offering his conclusions with a bit more circumspection .
Classical scholarship deals in fragmentary , uncertain evidence but McLynn never lets on that much of what he presents as foregone can only be tentative ) .
Putting aside the charm of this curmudgeonly bombast , though , McLynn 's hostility to the animating intellectual ethos of his subject 's life seems something of a failure .
Certainly , Stoicism , like most of the world 's other great philosophies and religions , has its logical inconsistencies , and it insists on a grim , difficult worldview .
Marcus ' creed held that virtue was its own reward and the only life goal worth pursuing .
On the Stoic view , we have no power to determine whether we 'll be rich or poor , famous or infamous , sick or healthy , but we can control whether or not we are good .
Thus , life 's pleasures and pains - poverty , disease , fame , death - become " indifferents " to the Stoics - i.e. matters that have no direct bearing on our moral wellbeing and so are irrelevant .
As a Stoic , I might be poor and sick and my family might die , but none of this hurts me because it does not impair my ability to be good , which consists in working for the good of my fellow human beings .
" Remember that everything is but what we think it , " Marcus writes , and what he urges himself to think is that we are all ears of corn for the reaping , " leaves that the wind scatters earthward " :
But a little while and thou shalt be burnt ashes or a few dried bones , and possibly a name , possibly not a name even ....
And all that we prize so highly in our lives is empty and corrupt and paltry , and we but as puppies snapping at each other , as quarrelsome children now laughing and anon in tears .
According to the Stoic cosmology , we are each but a tiny part of a greater whole ( humankind , and then the universe ) and our individual disappointments and triumphs , even our deaths , are not to be mourned in this greater scheme .
In fact , we should be contented with whatever happens to us whenever it happens because it serves the purpose of a benevolent , divinely ordered cosmos .
The sternness of this creed is plain , likewise its startling insistence on indifference to the strivings and grief of humankind .
It 's not hard to see why McLynn gravitates toward the word " inhuman " to describe Stoicism .
But he seems to forget that most of the world 's great religions ask their adherents to master their baser inclinations and to become , in a positive sense of the word , just that - inhuman - different from the man guided by physical desires and emotions , better than that man and less human , partaking more of something metaphysical , something divine .
The Stoic also becomes inhuman ( more than human ) through the philosophy 's holism - the idea that we are all parts of the whole , existing to serve the whole , all instilled with the same spirit of the divine .
Even McLynn is willing to concede that this is a compelling doctrine but because he spends more time delineating the logical inconsistencies of Stoicism rather than trying to see the world from its vantage , he does n't appreciate the psychological benefits of the belief .
Stoic holism offers a refuge from individualism , the intrinsic faith of our age , and its petty , exhausting calculations .
Through Marcus ' writings , individual self - interest and concern for others become mutually supporting ends :
The well - being of others and my own well - being are one and the same .
And so my happiness consists in orienting my actions toward others and the good of the whole , rather than in pursuing the endless vagaries of earthly desire - sex , fame , fine things , the love and approval of peers - the Goblin Market cravings ( to borrow a term from the poet Christina Rossetti ) that contemporary society usually encourages us to indulge as the means to self - fulfillment .
Have more orgasms , we 're told , wear spiffier outfits , watch another movie , speak more assertively , and the longings , the sense of something missing , will abate .
Stoicism says just the opposite : Stop indulging illusory physical and emotional longings and see your real happiness outside of yourself , your body , your emotions .
As McLynn points out in his explanation of Marcus Aurelius ' intense popularity in the Victorian era and increasing neglect in our own , ours is a culture more interested in rights and entitlements than in duty , while Stoicism is only interested in duty , and duty understood to be synonymous with virtue and happiness .
But it is a duty that liberates - a duty that teaches us to transcend the tyranny of the emotions and the body and that insists that contentment is ours for the having whenever we summon the strength to push away the things of the world that obscure it .
Frank McLynn's Marcus
Aurelius offers a masterfully woven tapestry of the world and worldly concerns of a man determined to live somewhat apart from the world he ruled .
But to hear the man himself , the Stoic philosopher , to fall into the rhythms of his thought and learn the art of self - discourse from him is a deeper pleasure .
Marcus Aurelius may be dust and ashes , but he is , in spite of his modest Stoic guess , still a living name and a living mind .
Back in August , the union representing the city ’s traffic engineers vowed that on the day of their work action , “ Los Angeles is not going to be a fun place to drive . ”
City officials took the threat seriously .
Fearful that the strikers could wreak havoc on the surface street system , they temporarily blocked all engineers from access to the computer that controls traffic signals .
But officials now allege that two engineers , Kartik Patel and Gabriel Murillo , figured out how to hack in anyway .
With a few clicks on a laptop computer , the pair -- one a renowned traffic engineer profiled in the national media , the other a computer whiz who helped build the system -- allegedly tied up traffic at four intersections for several days .
Advertisement
Both men pleaded not guilty Monday morning to felony charges stemming from the case , and Murillo ’s lawyer said his client meant no harm when he signed on to the system that day .
But authorities say the pair picked their targets with care -- intersections they knew would cause significant backups because they were close to freeways and major destinations .
They did n’t shut the lights off , city transportation sources said .
Rather , the engineers allegedly programmed them so that red lights would be extremely long on the most congested approaches to the intersections , causing gridlock for several days starting Aug. 21 , they said .
Cars backed up at Los Angeles International Airport , at a key intersection in Studio City , onto the clogged Glendale Freeway and throughout the streets of Little Tokyo and the L.A. Civic Center .
Advertisement
The engineers ’ arrests last Friday point up the vulnerability of L.A. 's complex traffic control system .
City leaders said Monday they also underscore the delicate balance that employers must strike in a highly technical environment in which workers must be trusted enough to have access to important systems .
Some officials Monday called for an immediate review of ways to tighten security of the computer system , which manages 3,200 of the city ’s 4,300 traffic signals .
“ The issue here was public safety , ” Councilwoman Wendy Greuel said .
“ What if there had been a major accident and we were not able to control the lights while the officers were on their way ? ”
Advertisement
Details of the case emerged Monday in interviews and court documents .
After access to the system was cut off for all but top managers , Murillo signed in as one of them , according to the criminal complaint .
Murillo had helped design the nationally recognized system .
By signing in , the engineers allegedly obtained the codes needed to unblock the computers that control traffic lights throughout the city .
Soon , the lights at those four intersections were reprogrammed with a code that prevented city officials from fixing them .
“ The red signal would be on too long for the critical approach and the green signal would be on too long for the noncritical approach , thus resulting in long backups into the airport and other key intersections around the city , ” said one source in the traffic department , who spoke on condition of anonymity .
Advertisement
Murillo was charged with two felonies : one count of identity theft and one of unauthorized access to a city computer .
Patel was charged with five felonies : one count of unauthorized access to a city computer and four of unauthorized disruption or denial of computer services .
Los Angeles County Superior Court Commissioner Catherine J. Pratt released the men on their own recognizance on the condition that they do not access city computers or set foot on Department of Transportation property without their attorneys .
If convicted on all charges , the pair could face several years in state prison , although authorities said that is unlikely because they have no criminal records .
Murillo ’s lawyer , James Blatt , said that his client was on paternity leave when the incident took place and did not receive an e-mail indicating that access to the traffic signal control center would be blocked during the strike .
Advertisement
He said Murillo did n’t mean to do anything wrong .
“ The issue in the case is Mr. Murillo ’s intent when he logged into the system , ” Blatt said .
“ Mr. Murillo has been an engineer there [ at the Department of Transportation ] for 17 years .
He ’s highly regarded and respected by management and employees .
It was not his intent to jeopardize the system or the citizens of Los Angeles . ”
Alan Eisner , who is representing Patel , said his client “ unequivocally denies the charges against him and specifically denies illegally accessing or disrupting the [ computerized traffic light ] system .
Mr. Patel has been an employee of the Department of Transportation for more than 12 years and has an outstanding work history .
He and his family are traumatized by the allegations , and he looks forward to responding to the allegations in court . ”
After the arraignment Monday , city employees filled the hallway outside the courtroom , creating an impromptu receiving line as they filed past the defendants and their families .
Officials from their union were not in court and did not return calls seeking comment .
Advertisement
In deciding how to handle security in the future , the city faces a difficult choice : set up systems that could impede the smooth functioning of its crucial traffic control efforts , or do nothing and risk another hacking incident .
Clifford Neuman , a computer security expert and the director of the USC Center for Computer Systems Security , said there are two primary ways to design computers to guard against malicious activity by insiders , but each can interfere with employees ’ ability to do their tasks and would probably be prohibitively expensive for the city .
sharon.bernstein@latimes.com
andrew.blankstein@latimes.com
Lessons for Android Tablet Vendors
A few weeks back , Apple reported that it have sold more than two million iPads in less than two months .
I think we can safely say the market is now validated and there ’s room for a device that falls between the phone and the PC in the consumer ecosystem .
It also means that competitors are not going to cede this market to Apple and the space is going to heat up big time over the next few months .
Many of these devices will run Android , among the first out of the gate will be a 5 - inch device from Dell called the Streak .
The Streak will be offered by carriers in some places and will include telephony in addition to content consumption and creation features .
It comes to the US next month as an unlocked device selling for $ 500 putting it directly in competition with the iPad .
( Right off the bat that puts the Streak at a disadvantage in the US .
Just ask Nokia how easy it is to sell unlocked $ 500 devices here . )
I ’ve been following the pre release news of the Streak and while there are things to like about it , I think it misses the mark on this class of device .
While I suspect it will appeal to some enthusiasts , I do n’t think it ’s a mass - market device just yet .
I do n’t mean to pick on the Streak per se , but it appears there are issues with some of the Android tablets coming to market .
Here are some things that vendors building Android tablets need to take into consideration .
1 . Pick the proper screen size .
There are four different aspects to mobility .
Devices can go in a case by themselves , in a case with other gadgets , in a pocket or actually become invisible so we do n’t notice we carry them .
In general , the two most important form factors are devices that go in my bag with other things and pocketable devices I carry with me .
The 5 - 7 ″ screen therefore makes the worst form factor devices .
A 5 - 7 ″ screen makes devices way too big to fit comfortably in most pockets and too large to use as a phone holding it up to the face .
A screen that size though is too small to convey the advantages that a tablet form factor brings to market in terms of content consumption and creation .
Once a device is no longer pocketable , vendors should focus on larger screen sizes and batteries .
Once it ’s going to go in a bag or case , there ’s no reason to skimp on either .
2 . Do n’t use an old version of Android .
It looks like many tablets will ship with older versions of Android but be upgradeable sometime in the future .
That ’s a red flag for me .
One should never buy a device with an outdated platform on the promise of upgradeability .
Android 1.5 is not optimized at all for this form factor and despite vendor best intentions , planned upgrades sometimes never appear or appear so late in time as to be useless .
Hopefully , we ’ll see more devices ship with at least Android 2.1 .
3. Support the Android Marketplace .
Without full Android marketplace support , devices built on Android will die .
A fragmented apps market is bad for Google and Android so expect no support from Google for devices that ca n’t pass compatibility tests and therefore gain access to Google ’s applications and the Android marketplace .
Vendors need to beware of creating devices with poor app support where some apps work and some do n’t .
Vendor - specific Android marketplaces will likely never get the traction they need to support a proper ecosystem and will quickly be abandoned by the market .
4 . You need an iTunes equivalent for content .
iPad worked in no small part because it tied into both Apple ’s app store and the iTunes store .
Competing platforms need a place where consumers can obtain legal content – audio , video and print – for their devices .
Without that part of the story , consumers ’ real world usage will be severely limited .
I think it ’s good that we are seeing some heated competition in the tablet space .
Apple ’s iPad has set the bar and that functionality is now the table stakes for the industry .
Vendors must build devices that at least equal the iPad experience , offer clear differentiation and features or exceed what Apple has delivered .
Let ’s see who will step up to the game and raise the bar .
Image caption
The ring - shaped device is being tested on Loch Ness
A renewable energy company has gone " back to the future " to develop a device to harness power from waves .
AWS Ocean Energy chief executive Simon Grey said its prototype AWS - III on Loch Ness had evolved from " forgotten " technology first seen in 1985 .
He said the device could eventually be used in the Northern Isles .
The technology was also tested on Loch Ness in the 1980s , but the Conservative government of the time suspended the wave energy programme .
Highlands Liberal Democrat MP and chief secretary to the Treasury , Danny Alexander , has visited the test site .
He said the progress being made by the company was impressive .
Mr Grey said Inverness - based AWS Ocean Energy was exploring the idea of a machine which had rubber rather than steel components .
Further research led to staff uncovering the similar concept from the 1980s .
He said : " We discovered that the work done in 1985 was rated as the most promising by the Department of Energy at the time .
" We have since taken that design and evolved it further so it is more cost effective in terms of producing power . "
EIGHTIES REVISITED AWS
Ocean Energy is updating technology first tested in 1985
The Conservatives were also in government at the time
Government was funding " green " energy projects then as it is today
The film Back to the Future was released in 1985
Mr Grey said the wave energy programme in the 1980s was fully funded by the UK government but the work was later suspended .
He said : " When interest in wave energy re-emerged people assumed that because it had n't happened in the past then those ideas would n't work and they had to find new ideas . "
The chief executive said AWS - III was a re-working of a concept people had " forgotten about " .
The ring - shaped machine on Loch Ness is one tenth of the size of the device that could eventually be generating electricity on a commercial scale .
Full - scale machines could be deployed in the sea around Orkney and Shetland following further tests in 2012 .
Investment of £ 2.3 m was secured from the Scottish government to develop the AWS - III .
In 2008 , AWS Ocean Energy said it had set its sights on winning the world 's largest prize for marine energy innovation .
It said it planned to double its workforce in 12 months , in part to improve its chances of securing the Scottish government 's Saltire Prize .
Following a visit to the test site on Loch Ness , Mr Alexander said : " Power from our seas can make a significant contribution to our energy security and the future of our environment . "
In the last 20 years or so , many of the key advances in artificial - intelligence research have come courtesy of machine learning , in which computers learn how to make predictions by looking for patterns in large collections of training data .
A new approach called probabilistic programming makes it much easier to build machine - learning systems , but it ’s useful for a relatively narrow set of problems .
Now , MIT researchers have discovered how to extend the approach to a much larger class of problems , with implications for subjects as diverse as cognitive science , financial analysis and epidemiology .
Historically , building a machine - learning system capable of learning a new task would take a graduate student somewhere between a few weeks and several months , says Daniel Roy , a PhD student in the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science who along with Cameron Freer , an instructor in pure mathematics , led the new research .
A handful of new , experimental , probabilistic programming languages — one of which , Church , was developed at MIT — promise to cut that time down to a matter of hours .
At the heart of each of these new languages is a so - called inference algorithm , which instructs a machine - learning system how to draw conclusions from the data it ’s presented .
The generality of the inference algorithm is what confers the languages ’ power :
The same algorithm has to be able to guide a system that ’s learning how to recognize objects in digital images , or filter spam , or recommend DVDs based on past rentals , or whatever else an artificial - intelligence program may be called upon to do .
The inference algorithms currently used in probabilistic programming are great at handling discrete data but struggle with continuous data .
For an idea of what that distinction means , consider three people of different heights .
Their rank ordering , from tallest to shortest , is discrete : Each of them must be first , second , or third on the list .
But their absolute heights are continuous .
If the tallest person is 5 feet 10 inches tall , and the shortest is 5 feet 8 inches , you ca n’t conclude that the third person is 5 feet 9 inches :
He or she could be 5 feet 8.5 inches , or 5 feet 9.6302 inches or an infinite number of other possibilities .
Designers of probabilistic programming languages are thus avidly interested in whether it ’s possible to design a general - purpose inference algorithm that can handle continuous data .
Unfortunately , the answer appears to be no :
In a yet - unpublished paper , Freer , Roy , and Nate Ackerman of the University of California , Berkeley , mathematically demonstrate that there are certain types of statistical problems involving continuous data that no general - purpose algorithm could solve .
But there ’s good news as well : Last week , at the International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Statistics , Roy presented a paper in which he and Freer not only demonstrate that there are large classes of problems involving continuous data that are susceptible to a general solution but also describe an inference algorithm that can handle them .
A probabilistic programming language that implemented the algorithm would enable the rapid development of a much larger variety of machine - learning systems .
It would , for instance , enable systems to better employ an analytic tool called the Pólya tree , which has been used to model stock prices , disease outbreaks , medical diagnoses , census data , and weather systems , among other things .
“ The field of probabilistic programming is fairly new , and people have started coming up with probabilistic programs , but Dan and Cameron are really filling the theoretical gaps , ” says Zoubin Ghahramani , professor of information engineering at the University of Cambridge .
The hope , Ghahramani says , “ is that their theoretical underpinnings will make the effort to come up with probabilistic programming languages much more solidly grounded .
” Chung - chieh Shan , a computer scientist at Rutgers who specializes in models of linguistic behavior , says that the MIT researchers ’ work could be especially useful for artificial - intelligence systems whose future behavior is dependent on their past behavior .
For instance , a system designed to understand spoken language might have to determine words ’ parts of speech .
If , in some context , it notices that a word tends to be used in an uncommon way — for instance , “ man ” is frequently used as a verb instead of a noun — then , going forward , it should have greater confidence in assigning that word its unusual interpretation .
Often , Shan explains , treating problems as having such “ serial dependency ” makes them easier to describe .
But it also makes their solutions harder to calculate , because it requires keeping track of an ever - growing catalogue of past behaviors and revising future behaviors accordingly .
Freer and Roy ’s algorithm , he says , provides a way to convert problems that have serial dependency into problems that do n’t , which makes them easier to solve .
“ A lot of models would call for this kind of picture , ” Shan says .
Roy and Freer ’s work “ is narrowing this gap between the intuitive description and the efficient implementation .
” While Freer and Roy ’s algorithm is guaranteed to provide an answer to a range of previously intractable problems , Shan says , “ there ’s a difference between coming up with the right algorithm and implementing it so that it runs fast enough on an actual computer . ”
Roy and Freer agree , however , which is why they have n’t yet incorporated their algorithm into Church .
“ It ’s fairly clear that within the set of models that our algorithm can handle , there are some that could be arbitrarily slow , ” Roy says .
“ So now we have to study additional structure .
We know that it ’s possible .
But when is it efficient ? ”
THE Church of Scientology has compared itself to The Salvation Army , while defending its benefit to the community in a Senate inquiry .
The organisation was scrutinised by an inquiry into legislation proposed by independent senator Nick Xenophon , which would require religious groups to prove what public benefit they provide , before getting tax breaks .
Its representative , Virginia Stewart , told the committee its members lent a hand in times of disaster and promoted drug - free messages .
" The church believes the proposed bill is inherently flawed and puts at risk the financial future of charities and religions in Australia , " she said .
But a Church of Scientology officer from New Zealand , Mike Ferris , told the inquiry that a public interest test in his country had done no harm .
Scientology has charitable status in New Zealand , where the Charity Commission of New Zealand was established in 2005 .
It demands charities clear a public benefit test , and makes them hand over financial statements , which are available publicly online .
Mr Ferris said he believed the commission had been fair to the Church of Scientology .
" I think the New Zealand Charities Commission has treated us fairly , " he said .
" I think it 's a fair process . "
The inquiry also heard from ex-Scientologists who went public with their shocking experiences earlier this year , when Senator Xenophon twice failed in efforts to have an inquiry into abuse allegations .
Among them was James Anderson , who claims he and his wife spent up to $ 1.2 million on Scientology materials , and Janette Vonthehoff , who says she was coerced into having abortions , and worked long hours for the organisation under duress .
Both argued the organisation should not get tax - free status , because it was completely self - serving , and provided no benefit to taxpayers .
Mr Ferris compared the glare on Scientology to that previously directed at The Salvation Army .
" They were n't welcome here in Australia , they were n't welcome in New Zealand in the early 19th century because of their view against alcohol , " he said .
" They were beaten up and they were persecuted , so where do you go ? "
Mr Ferris was asked why the records on the website of his country 's charity commission showed the organisation went from an income of $ 2.6 million in 2007 , to $ 374,000 in 2008 .
" I think that drop in income , was actually , from memory , was the exchange rate drop , absolutely , " he said , but later admitted he was n't certain .
The Church of Scientology also committed to handing over its books to the committee for further scrutiny .
Originally published as Scientology says ' we 're just like Salvos '
Ready to fight back ?
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back !
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today .
Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
With yet another sexual assault allegation against Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger , some have hinted the player ’s actions could suggest the patterned behavior of a sexual predator .
As Nation sports correspondent Dave Zirin discusses on MSNBC , the circumstances of this most recent case are almost identical to two cases filed against him earlier .
Ad Policy
" You look at this together and you can only assume one of two things , " Zirin says .
" Either the women involved , especially the most recent one – 20 years old , underage , inebriated –is a sociopath who has the previous police reports memorized , or , something very awful is happening here and there is a pattern of behavior here which is not only unacceptable for an NFL player or a quarterback for the Steelers , it should n’t be acceptable at all for anybody . "
Although Roethlisberger admits he has done wrong , he will not face charges , but instead be punished , said Steelers President Art Rooney Jr .
To earn the respect of the fans and his team , Roethlisberger will need to give serious donations and volunteering time for women ’s shelters and rape crisis hotlines , says Zirin , emphasizing that Roethlisberger should not be allowed to " skate on this . "
– Clarissa Leon
[ Editor ’s note :
This post is excerpted from this week ’s forthcoming NORML weekly media advisory .
To have NORML ’s media advisories delivered straight to your in - box , sign up for NORML ’s free e-zine here .
You can also read my previous commentary on the subject , “ The Feds Are Addicted to Pot — Even If You Aren’t , ” available from Alternet.org here . ]
Nearly six out of ten people admitted to drug ‘ treatment ’ for marijuana are referred there by the criminal justice system , according to a just - released report by the US Department of Health and Human Services , Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Association ( SAMHSA ) .
In 2008 , 57 percent of persons referred to treatment for marijuana as their ‘ primary substance of abuse , ’ were referred by the criminal justice system .
For adolescents , nearly half ( 48 percent ) were referred via the criminal justice system .
By contrast , criminal justice referrals accounted for just 37 percent of the overall total of drug treatment admissions in 2008 .
“ Primary marijuana admissions were less likely than all admissions combined to be self - referred to treatment , ” the study found .
Since 1998 the percentage of individuals in drug treatment primarily for marijuana has risen approximately 25 percent , the report found .
This increase is being primarily driven by a proportional rise in the percentage of criminal justice referrals .
According to a previous federal study , the proportion of marijuana treatment admissions from all sources other than the criminal justice system has been declining since the mid-1990s .
Commenting on the study , NORML Deputy Director Paul Armentano said : “ These statistics make it clear that it is not marijuana use per se that is driving these treatment admission rates ; it is marijuana prohibition that is primarily responsible .
These people for the most part are not ‘ addicts ’ in any true sense of the word .
Rather , they are ordinary Americans who have experienced the misfortune of being busted for marijuana who are forced to choose between rehab or jail . ”
According to federal figures compiled by SAMHSA in 2009 , some 37 percent of the estimated 288,000 thousand people who entered drug treatment for cannabis in 2007 had not reported using it in the 30 days previous to their admission .
Another 16 percent of those admitted said that they ’d used marijuana three times or fewer in the month prior to their admission .
Full text of the report , “ Treatment Episode Data Set ( TEDS ) 1998 - 2008 : National Admissions to Substance Abuse Treatment Services , ” is available online here .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Math teachers have been using the “ German Tank Problem ” for awhile to teach estimators .
It goes something like this .
The Allies capture five German tanks .
Suppose that the serial numbers on the tanks are 15 , 23 , 59 , 83 , and 109 .
Provide an estimate of the number of tanks that were produced .
You can see that your estimate would be a great deal lower than the estimate if the serial numbers were 1015 , 2394 , and 9438 .
The story and accompaning math problem was written about in the Guardian .
My favorite line , which turned out to be true , was this :
The statisticians believed that the Germans , being Germans , had logically numbered their tanks in the order in which they were produced .
It turns out that the statisticians were spot on :
By using this formula , statisticians reportedly estimated that the Germans produced 246 tanks per month between June 1940 and September 1942 .
At that time , standard intelligence estimates had believed the number was far , far higher , at around 1,400 .
After the war , the allies captured German production records , showing that the true number of tanks produced in those three years was 245 per month , almost exactly what the statisticians had calculated , and less than one fifth of what standard intelligence had thought likely .
Emboldened , the allies attacked the western front in 1944 and overcame the Panzers on their way to Berlin .
And so it was that statisticians won the war – in their own estimation , at any rate .
The estimator is :
The best estimator to my first problem where the five serial numbers are 15 , 23 , 59 , 83 , and 109 would be :
Its nice to see nice math problems and how they were used in the newspaper , even though it has to be a newspaper printed 4000 miles away .
A resurrected satellite , carrying the hopes of climate scientists , successfully made a second attempt to reach orbit today from the Baikonur cosmodrome in Kazakhstan .
The first CryoSat satellite crashed minutes after launch in 2005 , ditching - with cruel irony - into the Arctic Ocean it was meant to study .
The € 140 m ( £ 122 m ) CryoSat - 2 is a replica built by the European Space Agency , but with some additional instruments .
The satellite is currently in orbit after a successful separation and has sent communication signals which have been received by a ground team in Malindi , Kenya .
The satellite will be able to measure the thickness of Arctic and Antarctic ice to within a centimetre - an accuracy unmatched until now .
Lift - off was shown live online and took place during the scheduled launch of 1457 BST .
The melting of sea ice , ice caps and glaciers across the planet is one of the clearest signs of global warming and the UK - led team of scientists will use the data from CryoSat - 2 to track how this is affecting ocean currents , sea levels and the overall global climate .
Duncan Wingham , a climate physicist at University College London and the lead scientist for both missions , is hoping this will be second time lucky .
" Satellites have transformed our knowledge of what is happening to these distant and uninhabited parts of the planet .
CryoSat - 2 will help unravel the consequences of the dramatic changes in the poles that we 've seen in the past two decades . "
Wingham said that , without CryoSat - 2 , there would be a significant gap in the data needed to track climate change .
" The data we do have is patchy because the instrumentation on the earlier generation of satellites was not designed to deal with the ice - sheets , " said Wingham .
The first CryoSat mission was launched from the Plesetsk cosmodrome in northern Russia on 8 October 2005 , but it crashed into the icy sea shortly afterwards , due to a malfunction in the launch vehicle .
Approval for a successor mission to CryoSat was given by Esa within months of the accident .
The new probe was built using improved electronics and batteries , and an extra radar altimeter , a device that will fire microwaves at the Arctic and Antarctic ice to reveal its thickness .
Scientists have already shown that the amount of sea ice in the Arctic is falling , and the latest data confirms the long - term trend .
But some data also suggests that the ice that remains is thinning .
If the measurements from CryoSat - 2 bear out this thinning theory , it would mean the ice is being lost more quickly .
Scientists are concerned that the loss of sea ice is leading to a feedback effect where the newly exposed , darker ocean absorbs more sunlight , warming the water yet further .
In addition , sea ice can block glaciers on land from falling into the ocean , so its loss could raise sea levels .
" We are altering the Arctic climate far faster than anywhere else on Earth , " said Wingham .
" We 're changing the whole structure of the Arctic Ocean , but we still do n't know what the consequences will be .
We have to find out what is going on up there .
CryoSat - 2 will do that . "
Another antenna on CryoSat - 2 will measure the shape of the ice and tell researchers about slopes and ridges at the edges of the great Antarctic and Greenland ice sheets .
Alan O'Neill , director of the National Centre for Earth Observation at the University of Reading said : " These measurements are absolutely crucial to our understanding of climate variability and climate change .
Not only are they early indicators of climate change because of feedbacks in the system .
But they 're not remote from what affects people 's lives and the weather that affects the rest of the planet .
The polar regions are connected to the rest of the planet by the atmosphere and the ocean . "
Richard Francis of Esa , who led the team that built CryoSat - 2 , said scientists were holding their breath until launch .
" There 'll be a lot of relief when we acquire that signal [ after launch ] , I can tell you . "
Vancouver Sun
Anti-polygamy case gives rise to all kinds of family forms
By Daphne Bramham
Forrest Glen Maridas is a polyamorist who believes that it is her constitutionally guaranteed right to freely express her sexuality in any form that that might take .
... Maridas and Osborne and their two young children live in a home in Edmonton with Drew Thompson and Katy Furness .
For the past two years , Maridas has been in " an intimate and conjugal relationship " with Thompson ....
" Russell and Katy 's relationship with one another -- as well as myself with Katy and Drew to Russell 's relationship to one another -- are roommates and friends , " says Maridas .
Maridas generally sleeps with Russell , but when " sleep schedules " permit , she and Drew sleep together , often with the baby .
" On more rare occasions , Drew , Katy and myself sleep together or Drew , Russell and myself sleep together at night . "
Drew and Russell do not have a sexual relationship , which is described as a triad or a " polyamorous V. "
But all of the adults are free to date outside the family .
" Being bisexual assisted in having a psychological framework for the ability of multiple relationships to make sense , " says Maridas .
... Maridas explained all of this in an affidavit filed Tuesday in B.C. Supreme Court .
It was one of six filed by the Canadian Polyamory Advocacy Association , which is intervening in the case [ that will ] determine whether the anti-polygamy law is valid .
... And what they have to say in their affidavits about how they live offers a glimpse of just how far some Canadian families diverge from the tradition of Mom - Dad - kids or the more recent " traditional " families of two Moms or two Dads and kids .
And this peek behind normally closed bedroom doors is a hint of what 's to come in November , when Chief Justice Robert Bauman begins hearing the case ....
Since these affidavits represent only the views of those who believe the anti-polygamy law should be struck down , it 's no surprise that they provide a rosy snapshot of domestic life as told by a single member of a family ....
... Bashinski worries that Kaia might be taken away by child - protection authorities .
He fears prosecution , conviction and punishment .
He also fears the prospect of being denied permanent residency in Canada .
And in saying that , Bashinski raises the question fundamental to this court case :
What kind of country do Canadians want ?
The complete law in question ( Section 293 of Canada 's Criminal Code ) :
(1) Every one who
( a ) practices or enters into or in any manner agrees or consents to practice or enter into
( i ) any form of polygamy , or
( ii ) any kind of conjugal union with more than one person at the same time , whether or not it is by law recognized as a binding form of marriage , or
( b ) celebrates , assists or is a party to a rite , ceremony , contract or consent that purports to sanction a relationship mentioned in subparagraph ( a ) ( i ) or ( ii ) ,
is guilty of an indictable offence and liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding five years .
Evidence in case of polygamy
(2) Where an accused is charged with an offence under this section , no averment or proof of the method by which the alleged relationship was entered into , agreed to or consented to is necessary in the indictment or on the trial of the accused , nor is it necessary on the trial to prove that the persons who are alleged to have entered into the relationship had or intended to have sexual intercourse .
The Canadian Polyamory Advocacy Association ( CPAA ) took a big step forward on Tuesday when five of its members , representing five polyfamilies living in what they consider to be " conjugal unions , " filed affidavits with the court in British Columbia that will test the legality of Canada 's 19th - century anti-polygamy law .
The law , long ignored and forgotten , outlaws not only polygamy but anyone living in a household with two or more other people in a " conjugal union " ( even if they do n't have sex ) , as well as anyone who assists in forming or sanctioning such an arrangement .
The penalty for everyone involved is five years in prison .
The government of British Columbia is bringing the case as a " reference " ( meaning there are no defendants ) to try to establish the law 's validity , after the BC attorney general failed in his attempts to bring polygamy charges against two Fundamentalist Mormon leaders in Bountiful , BC .
The two are alleged to abuse women and girls and force them into plural marriages .
Catch up on the case starting here
The CPAA , with volunteer legal help , has gotten its ducks in a row very professionally .
So far it has been the most visible of more than a dozen " interveners " who 'll have a chance to testify for or against the law .
"
We ’re here because we have a right to live with the people we love , and Canadian law does n’t seem to recognize that , " says the group .
" Section 293 of the Criminal Code of Canada purports to outlaw polyamorous people living together as families .
It penalizes us as soon as we make a serious commitment to one another .
"
In their affidavits , the CPAA members describe living in healthy , egalitarian , committed multiple relationships , and they demand not to be considered criminals under the law for doing so .
Read their affidavits here ( if a link fails , try reloading ) .
The group has been seeking publicity , and today it got it .
Thepublished a long article summarizing the affidavits and naming everyone .
Many of the people are unhappy with the article .
It garbled some things ( starting with the meaningless headline ) , and the writer , columnist Daphne Bramham , seemed to some to express a chilly or dismissive attitude .
She is deeply invested in the Fundamentalist Mormon angle , having researched and written extensively about the polygamy and alleged abuses in the Bountiful community .
She wrote a book on the topic titled My guess is that she resents the polys for showing up and complicating things .
Me , I do n't think the article is so bad .
It accomplishes the CPAA 's main goal — telling the world that modern , egalitarian polyfamilies exist , are out and proud , and refuse to be denied .
Read the whole article ( June 9 , 2010 ) .
It was reprinted in theon June 14th with the title " Polyamorists Fight to Share Love " Kudos to all these people for putting themselves on the line !
As far as I recall , this is the biggest and best - organized public legal action that the poly movement has undertaken since 1998 - 99 , when Loving More took up the April Divilbiss child - custody case in Tennessee .
( That one ended inconclusively when the mother conceded the case in midstream .
)-------------------------------
Labels : Canada , legal
Anglo Irish Bank chairman Alan Dukes , chief financial officer Maarten Van Eden , and group chief executive Mike Anysley have a quick word with members of the St Michael 's Estate , who were protesting over the banking crisis as the Anglo chiefs arrived to the Joint Committee on Finance and the Public Service meeting .
Photo : Tom Burke
THE " lion 's share " of the € 22bn being pumped into state - owned Anglo Irish Bank will " never be seen again " , the bank 's chief executive Mike Aynsley admitted yesterday .
The statement came during a high - octane Oireachtas committee meeting , at which Anglo 's top brass also revealed that €550 m of the loans they have transferred to the National Assets Management Agency ( NAMA ) had been written down " to zero " .
Other highlights of the meeting included predictions of further " horrendous " losses at Anglo this year , as another € 9.5 bn is written off NAMA - bound and the bank 's € 35bn non-NAMA loan book takes an additional hit .
Anglo chairman Alan Dukes , chief executive Mike Aynsley and chief financial officer Marteen Van Eden all made presentations to the meeting of the Oireachtas finance committee .
Responding to questions on the taxpayers ' likely € 22bn commitment to the embattled bank , Mr Aynsley stressed that the " lion 's share " of that money would " never be seen again " .
Anglo has already sent € 9.3bn in loans in its first tranche transfer to NAMA and will send another € 26.3 bn before the end of the year .
A discount of 50 pc is expected across the whole debt pile .
" That money is not recoverable , " Mr Aynsley said , adding : " That money is gone . "
Shocking
The Anglo trio also insisted that shutting down the bank early would not reduce the scale of losses .
Mr Van Eden said winding up the embattled bank in a year could cost € 42bn , plus " funding " costs .
Anglo 's preferred option -- separating the bank into an ' Asset Co ' or ' bad bank ' that will be wound down and a trading ' Bank Co ' or ' good bank ' that will lend to SMEs -- is the " least worst option " , they argued .
" There is no conceivable timeframe in which it ( Bank Co ) can undo those ( €22bn ) losses ... but it does give us an entity at the end that can produce value , " Mr Dukes stressed .
The Bank Co / Asset Co plan should also see the taxpayers ' liability capped at close to € 22bn , as against the € 42bn black hole that would be triggered by an immediate wind - down , the Anglo men argued .
The three men gave further details of the bruising impact NAMA was having .
Anglo 's 2009 write - downs envisaged haircuts of 28 pc on the € 36.5 bn going to Nama .
Following the first tranche transfers , however , those haircuts have now been revised to " between 50 pc and 55 pc " .
The € 9.3 bn transferred so far includes " some valuations at par " and about € 550 m written down to " zero " , Mr Van Eden said .
He described the " general picture " as " fairly shocking " .
The higher - than - expected haircuts mean that Anglo will have to write down its NAMA debt pile by another € 9.5bn in 2010 , a loan loss described as " horrendous " by Mr Van Eden .
Anglo's € 35bn of non-NAMA debt is also expected to suffer further write - downs .
" We would like to think the pain has been taken , but that 's simply not possible , " said Mr Van Eden , adding : " Impairments are still materialising in loans . "
The Anglo bosses also hinted at the possibility of further liability management moves , with Mr Van Eden saying the level of subordinate debt outstanding had " not escaped us " .
Anglo redeemed € 2.4bn worth of debt at a profit of € 1.8 bn last year , reflecting the heavy discount at which the instruments were trading .
Irish Independent
I woke up this morning overcome with anticipation , just like the 599,999 other people who pre-ordered the iPhone 4 .
I pre-ordered my phone through Best Buy , and it proved to be a simple and easy process .
Obvious " foreshadowing " alert .
Advertisement
Unlike Apple , Best Buy did n't have any lines wrapping around their store , having staggered their iPhone pickups to lessen the load on their employees .
I had my phone for about two hours prior to everyone else in the office — two extra hours of blissful " Haha's ! , " until everyone else finally picked their own up .
I fell in love with this phone immediately .
The hardware is unparalleled , it is beautifully designed and the glass back really does look stunning ( when it 's not shattered ) , and iOS4 runs like a dream with the new processor .
Advertisement
I volunteered to test the phone all day , doing reception tests , processor tests , and just about anything else to put phone into numbers on paper .
Not only did I volunteer because I had the fortune of picking my phone up before everyone else , but also because by doing these tests I got to play with my new toy all day ( as opposed to playing with my new toy all day and being reprimanded for doing no work because I was playing with my new phone all day . )
The final test I performed was to see how well the reception held up while traveling by car .
I took a cab from the Giz office in Soho up to Times Square , testing the call quality and comparing it to the 3GS .
I got out in Times Square , and everyone was flabbergasted that the AT&T network did n't drop either call for over a half an hour .
Advertisement
Everything was great in my little world — I was in Times Square with my shiny new iPhone 4 .
And then the inevitable happened — or what , I imagine , we 'll come to think of as the inevitable .
I tried to do the little trick where you hold the iPhone 4 just with your left hand and all your bars drop away until you have no service .
Note to readers :
Do n't do this in a crowded intersection during rush hour .
I felt my phone slip from my awkwardly positioned fingers — it hung for a moment at the end of my ear bud cord , like a bungee jumper moments before his cord snaps — and then I painfully watched as it tumbled over the curb in a sudden whirl of annihilation .
The back glass panel shattered , and so did my heart .
OK , that may be a little melodramatic … but I am really upset .
Advertisement
It was n't even that epic of a fall .
It hit the curb on its side , did n't really bounce and then sort of flopped over onto its back , facing up .
The side that made the initial impact did n't have a scratch on it — funny how that works with steel , right ?
But with the combination of the force of the phone hitting the ground from about three feet up and the fact that it crashed onto an uneven surface ( street curb ) , it never had a chance .
From the terrible shrill it made , I knew it was broken before I even picked it up .
It 's nothing spectacular dropping and breaking this phone .
If anything , a compelling display of destruction would have been a redeeming quality .
I shattered my phone hours after buying it , in the line of duty no less .
If only Apple decided to make the back of the phone steel .
Or rubber .
Or leather .
Or not fucking glass , the most shatterable material known to man .
But hey , I 'm trying to think optimistically here ; at least it was n't the front screen that cracked , and the look gives it character ... I guess .
It was not a long , drawn - out gun battle : the 27 men and youths were all shot within a period of half an hour , almost all of them hit in perhaps 10 minutes , suggesting a furious blitz of military fire .
Fourteen of those struck by army bullets died and another 13 were wounded .
No soldiers were killed or injured by gunfire or bombs and no weapons were recovered by paratroopers .
In Derry , great outrage will erupt if Lord Saville 's report on Bloody Sunday declares or even implies that any of the dead or injured were gunmen or bombers .
For nationalist Derry , and indeed nationalist Ireland , has never wavered for an instant from the conviction that those shot in the Bogside district were unarmed , and were taking part in a civil rights march .
Their complaints centred on housing , jobs and voting inequalities , as well as the internment without trial which had been introduced six months earlier .
The first report into the incidents , delivered in 1972 by Lord Chief Justice , Lord Widgery , exonerated the British soldiers who fired the shots , but not the civilians who were hit by them .
It pointedly refrained from saying they were not terrorists .
This was very much in line with the approach of the authorities at the time , who often doggedly insisted that those shot by soldiers were gunmen , no matter how unlikely this looked .
Just a few months before Bloody Sunday , for example , a Derry civilian was shot dead by a sentry who claimed he was aiming a rifle , an assertion which was backed by his military superiors .
Derry knew he was uninvolved .
The Nationalist leader John Hume , who was later to win the Nobel Peace Prize , fumed : " Can the Army not in this case at least tell the full truth about what happened ?
He was not armed .
He was walking in the street when he was shot down by an army bullet .
" Army statements about incidents in Derry have lost all credibility because they have been proved incorrect so often . "
This week , a new police investigation concluded that the man was unarmed .
The reaction of the authorities to Bloody Sunday was similar – instant assertions that the dead were terrorists , followed much later by admissions that they were not .
It took years before the accusations against the Bloody Sunday dead were dropped , but eventually two prime ministers did so .
John Major conceded in 1992 that they " should be regarded as innocent of any allegation that they were shot whilst handling firearms or explosives " .
Tony Blair , when he set up the Saville inquiry in 1998 , endorsed this .
During its hearings , all but one of the many lawyers formally accepted their innocence .
Of all the material which emerged during the inquiry – and there have been 250 volumes of evidence and 921 witnesses called – nothing came close to overturning that view .
After another shooting which led on to further deaths , a relative said sadly : " The bullet just travels on for years through time . "
Bloody Sunday led on to the most lethal phase of the Troubles .
Almost 500 were killed that year .
The violence had been rising steadily but suddenly there were many more funerals , much street commotion and much political fracturing .
Dr Edward Daly , now a revered retired bishop , then a young Catholic priest , was photographed waving a bloodstained handkerchief as an injured youth was carried away .
He would later say : " A lot of the younger people in Derry who may have been more pacifist became quite militant as a result of it .
People who were there on that day and who saw what happened were absolutely enraged by it and just wanted to seek some kind of revenge for it .
In later years , many young people I visited in prison told me quite explicitly that they would never have become involved in the IRA but for Bloody Sunday . "
An army assessment confirmed that the shootings " instantly turned the Catholic community from benevolent support to complete alienation " .
But the effects were felt much farther than Derry itself .
In the aftermath , Irish nationalists , north and south , erupted in shock , the Dublin government recalling its ambassador from London .
In the Irish Republic , a day of national mourning was held as funerals took place .
After days of protests , a large crowd cheered as the British embassy in Dublin was destroyed by fire .
The British ambassador Sir John Peck wrote : " Bloody Sunday unleashed a wave of fury and exasperation the like of which I had never encountered in my life , in Egypt or Cyprus or anywhere else .
Hatred of the British was intense . "
Meanwhile the Sinn Fein leader , Gerry Adams , described the effects on republicanism , saying : " Money , guns and recruits flooded into the IRA . "
The boost this gave the organisation was so striking that it encouraged republicans to believe they could achieve outright victory .
The intensity of the reaction caused great anxiety to prime minister Edward Heath , who later admitted he was so shaken by the violence that he feared complete anarchy .
A lasting wedge had been driven between London and Dublin , with far - reaching consequences .
The beginning of the end of the Troubles came into sight , long years later , only when the British and Irish governments came to work closely together .
But the deaths held up that process for many years .
In 1972 , the IRA was vaguely Marxist , its more ideologically minded figures portraying Britain as an imperialist power determined to quash a republican uprising .
Bloody Sunday heightened this perception , since the deaths on the streets were depicted by the IRA as the classic actions of a coercive colonial power .
Today , this model has been pretty much discarded in Ireland and replaced by an alternative abstract of conflict resolution through compromise .
Only a few dissident republicans , political primitives , still cling to it , but four decades ago the argument was a potent one .
The only way to meet British force , the IRA preached , was with force , and so it geared itself up for what it called the long war .
It used to say that sustained use of the gun and bomb would " sicken the British " , who would eventually withdraw from Ireland .
That old caricature lasted a long time and cost many lives ; but the IRA killed no one in Derry on Bloody Sunday .
As a result , it may well get off comparatively lightly in next week 's report , for the evidence seems to support its assertion that IRA members were at the march but were not armed .
In the Saville hearings , most soldiers involved said they faced an array of snipers and nail bombers .
But since there is no compelling corroboration of this , it is difficult to see how the report will blame the IRA as much as the authorities .
The bulk of the censure will in all probability be directed at individual soldiers , their colonel , their generals and possibly the politicians back in London .
Yet the IRA cannot evade responsibility for its actions before and after Bloody Sunday .
With Martin McGuinness of Sinn Fein as its second - in - command and driving force , the organisation killed 29 members of the security forces in a two - year period .
When he gave evidence at the inquiry , McGuinness was forthright , explaining coolly : " There was a state of war between the IRA and British military forces .
This was a war area .
The night before the march , I was involved in patrolling with an active service unit .
If the British military at any time had entered , then IRA volunteers would have taken them on militarily .
The primary purpose of the IRA was to attack the British Army . "
Although he does n't admit it , everyone thinks that McGuinness was for decades one of the directors of the IRA 's campaign .
Of the 3,700 people who died in the Troubles , the IRA was responsible for 1,700 deaths , while loyalist extremists killed 1,100 and the Army 300 .
The special features of Bloody Sunday were first that the deaths were the work of the security forces , and second that for years , shadows of suspicion were allowed to linger over them .
But the concentration on the Derry shootings , and on a few other prominent cases such as the 1998 Omagh bombing , has in a way created the appearance of a hierarchy of victimhood .
Bloody Sunday has been in the news , sometimes sporadically , sometimes intensely , for almost 40 years .
Yet there are thousands of widows and orphans who do not campaign in public and simply attempt to get on with their lives .
Some do so with reasonable success but some are very obviously suffering grievously and , years later , still require therapy .
There are women who witnessed their husbands being gunned down ; there are children who were splashed with their fathers ' blood .
There are many heart - rending tales .
A police constable shot in 1973 lay in a hospital bed for 22 years , a bullet in his head , apparently conscious but unable to move or speak .
On every day of those 22 years he was visited by his wife .
At least two women have lost two life partners , both killed years apart .
One woman survived a shooting but lost her unborn child .
The little body was buried , in a tiny light blue coffin , in unconsecrated ground next to a graveyard yards from her home .
Over and over again , the " wrong " people died .
A nine - year - old Derry boy upset a trip - wire in his garden and set off a bomb which killed him .
A man burst into a house in Belfast , shot dead the occupant and then exclaimed , " Christ , I 'm in the wrong house . "
Among those wounded are many in wheelchairs or confined to bed , or who have suffered brain damage .
The bereavements and the wounds , physical and psychological , are lasting reminders of the Troubles .
In Derry , the events of Bloody Sunday remain particularly fresh .
This is partly because the Saville inquiry has been in the news for a full 12 years and partly because a very large , unmissable mural portrays Dr Daly in the act of waving his handkerchief .
Those passing through the city stop to look at it ; those who live there see it all the time , its iconic image keeping the issue alive even among those who were not yet born in 1972 .
Murders still happen in Northern Ireland : dissident republicans killed one of their number in Derry earlier this year , accusing him of being an informer .
The toll for the past four and a half years stands at 16 , many of them shot in internal republican or loyalist disputes .
While Troubles deaths have not been completely eradicated , the fact that they have fallen from almost 500 in 1972 to two this year is a measure of a remarkable transformation .
There are visible signs of change , too .
The big , overcrowded high - density flats that surrounded the 1972 killing fields were long ago demolished .
So too have the rows of damp Victorian terraces , to be replaced by civilised modern homes .
The Army no longer patrols the streets , having long ago departed for other scenes of conflict such as Afghanistan and Iraq .
And just as the Army 's rifles have gone , so too have those of the IRA , its leaders having decommissioned them and turned to politics .
Detonators have been replaced by debates .
And , crucially , the aims of the civil rights marchers have been achieved .
Housing allocation is now fair , elections are no longer corruptly rigged , and there is a new police service acceptable to all .
Unemployment is down and the city boasts new businesses , lots of new roads and new hotels : today 's Derry is a tourist destination .
The city and Northern Ireland were described in the 1960s as " John Bull 's political slum " .
But , apart from a few stubborn minor issues , almost everyone would accept that a fair society has been achieved .
On Bloody Sunday , few could have imagined that possible .
Of course , this is not a perfect peace , for major divisions remain .
Derry itself is segregated by the river Foyle , which flows through it .
The west bank , where the shootings happened , was once mixed but is today almost entirely Catholic .
Fewer than a hundred Protestant families remain there : most have moved out , over the decades , to live on the east bank or in largely Protestant satellite towns beyond .
The Protestants say they were forced out of the west bank , or made unwelcome there .
Catholics retort that they decamped because they were uncomfortable with the growing number of nationalists and the consequent loss of Protestant political control .
This pattern of segregation is a familiar one , especially in Belfast , where almost the entire working class lives in separate districts .
Sometimes this pattern of division is shown in the starkest way by peace walls up to 20 feet high .
No one is yet predicting when this segregation can be reversed : some think it will never be .
But then few ever thought , in its early stages , that the peace process would work ; yet it has .
An example of how dramatic change can take place is seen in Martin McGuinness , who admitted to the Saville inquiry that he was second in command of the IRA in Derry .
When he testified that on the night before Bloody Sunday he was out on patrol , prepared to take on the Army , a barrister pressed him : " Taking them on militarily means shooting them , does it not ? "
Without hesitation , McGuinness replied : " Absolutely , yes . "
But McGuinness moderated to the point where he declared : " My war is over .
My job as a political leader is to prevent war , to ensure a set of circumstances which will never again see British soldiers or members of the IRA lose their lives . "
Today , he is second in command not of the IRA – there is no IRA any more – but of Northern Ireland .
Every day , he travels from his home in the Bogside to Belfast , where , as deputy First Minister of the power - sharing administration , he works alongside Unionist leaders .
Given his past , it is unsurprising that he is not popular among Unionists .
But he has – ask anyone – gained respect for his performance in government and his commitment to politics .
It is now widely accepted that , as one Unionist leader puts it , " Just because a person has a past , it does n't mean he does n't have a future . "
A few months after Bloody Sunday he was , at the age of 22 , among IRA leaders who secretly met a British cabinet minister .
As McGuinness described it : " The only purpose of the meeting was to demand the British declaration of intent to withdraw . "
This week , he travelled from the Bogside to Downing Street with Unionist colleagues for talks with David Cameron .
The delegation presented a united front to the Prime Minister , discussing issues such as corporation tax and enterprise zones .
McGuinness has become so deeply embedded in politics that no one thought it incongruous for the Prime Minister to meet the one - time republican militant whose men , in the words of a Special Branch document aired at the inquiry , " alternated destruction by explosives and arson . "
McGuinness and Derry and Britain long ago moved on .
For years , the events and effects of Bloody Sunday held up the abandonment of the futile goal of outright victory and the emergence of compromise , but they did not prevent it for ever .
A measure of the distance travelled can be seen in the fact that Derry is one of the four finalists in a contest to become the UK 's first city of culture .
Next Thursday – two days after the Saville report is published – it will make its final pitch for it .
The Saville report will not satisfy everyone but there is a chance that it will signal that the ghosts of 30 January 1972 can be laid to rest and consigned to history .
That is an honourable aspiration but also an immensely challenging one , since some of the more malign shades of Irish history persist for centuries .
Yet Derry and Northern Ireland have already achieved a number of apparently impossible goals .
The bid to transform it from city of conflict to city of culture has the blessing of another local Nobel laureate , Seamus Heaney .
His words , used in the Derry presentation , express the hope that Bloody Sunday need no longer be a corrosive issue :
" So hope for a great sea -change on the far side of revenge .
Believe that a further shore is reachable from here .
を読んでいろいろ考えた。
最近はてなブックマークとか見てて、優秀な人は自分がすごいことをやってるとか、努力してることに気づかないみたいな話がありましたね。例えば僕なんかはゲームがすごい好きで、ある程度つまらないゲームでも結構ずーっとやってられるみたいな感じがありますが。んなゲームするのが好きでどうすんだよ!
ってそういう話じゃなくて。この感覚をときどき、プログラミングをしてたりコンピュータを触ってるとき、新しい技術について調べてるときに感じることがあるよという話。
その一方で、読みづらくて分かりづらい本を読んだり、ひたすらバグを叩いてるときとか、同じプログラミングに関することでも気分が滅入るときはたくさんある。プログラマという職業を続けられるのは、プログラミングが好きだからと思う一方で、好きだからといっても意識して努力しないといけないときもあるし、それが辛いと思うときもある。好きなことだけやってればうまくいくっていうほど甘くはないというのがよくわかる瞬間です。
過去に、自分が頭の中で思い描いたものを思うように作れないことに気づいて、とにかくがむしゃらに勉強していた時期がありました。そのときは作りたい物が作れるようになりたいという気もちがかなり強かったんだけども、やっぱり勉強し続けるのはかなり苦しいこともあって。毎日会社が終わると近くの本屋に行って本を買って、喫茶店が閉店するまでこもって読書して、帰ってから仮眠をとって、夜中に起きて朝までプログラミングする。そんなことをずっと続けてた時期がありました。
上司との面談で 「プログラマはいらないんだよ、人を使って物を作れるやつが求められてる」みたいなことを言われたことがありました。でも自分は絶対それは違うと思っていて、自分の手で物を作れる人間じゃないと作れない物がたくさんあると思ってたのだけど、それを証明するだけの力量が自分にはなかった。だから必死で勉強した。いつかこいつらを見返してやるって思って勉強してたら、苦しいと思う気持ちもなんとか乗り越えられたように思います。
自分は、世の中を先回りできるかどうかとか、そのとき必要と思われる技術を勢い付けて身につけられるかどうかとかいうのは、こういう自分を突き動かすモチベーションみたいなのを強く持てないと難しいと経験的に思っている節があります。そしてそういうモチベーションの創出能力みたいなのは、先天的な適正とかにかなり依存してる感がある。だから、もしそういうアンテナの高さとかで自分の価値を出していきたいなら、それが好きかどうかを自問してみること。自問してみて、自分はそこまで好きじゃないと思ったら、無理にそれは追求しない方がいい。どうやってもあの人やあの人、あなたの頭の中にある理想像には追いつけない。
そして、重要なのは、そういう人だけが技術の世界の頂点ではないということをちゃんと認識できるかどうかです。
はてなのプログラマ。周りから見ると、みんながみんな新しい物好きで日々いろんなことを試しては嬉々としてそれをやってる風に見えるかもしれない。新しい物好きなのはそうだけれども、じゃあみんな新しいことばかりやってるかというと全くそんなことはない。そればっかりやってる人間みたいなのは僕を含め数人しかいない。他の人は他の人で全然タイプが違う。この辺は小野さんが前に風林火山で分類していたけどまったくその通りです。はてなのエンジニアがみんな火のエンジニアだったら、全然回らないんです。
プログラマは新しい技術に長けていることだけが価値じゃない。
大量に積もった細かいタスクを淡々とこなしていける並行処理能力をもったプログラマ。あるいは人が作ったものを丁寧に磨いていける能力を持ったプログラマ。そういう複数のカテゴリの人たちが一緒になって組織を作っていくのです。組織はお互いがお互いの仕事を尊敬しあってやっていないと、いずれ崩壊する。だから、僕はこの異なるタイプのエンジニアの能力というのをお互いがお互いに認識しあえるかどうかは非常に重要だと思っています。
また、そういう意味において、自分の得意な能力を使って仕事をしている、自分にはできないこと別の人がやっている、それをお互いが認識している場所を選べる/探せるかどうかがキャリアを磨く上で一番重要なのではないかと思うようになりました。
だから Ajax だ Web 2.0 だ、そういうのができる人材がいないとか言ってみんなが「そうだそうだ」なんていってる所はやっぱりろくなもんじゃない。浮かれた技術を取り入れたいと思う前に、ちゃんとそういう浮かれた事じゃないことをやってる人を評価するべし。そして、あなた方が欲しいと思っている技術者は、おそらくあなたの隣にいる。しかしあなたがそうじゃない技術者を正しく評価できない限り、あなたが欲しいと思っている技術者は、いつまでのあなたの目にはそういう技術者として写ることはないのです。
