Mothers .
You 've got to love them .
They give birth to us , feed us , clothe us , teach us to chew with our mouths closed , and go to bat for us against the RIAA .
Sometimes they win ( PDF ) .
An Oklahoma mother , Debbie Foster , was accused by the RIAA of copyright infringement back in November 2004 , and her daughter Amanda was added to the complaint in July 2005 .
According to the RIAA , the Internet account paid for by Debbie Foster was used for file sharing , with an unspecified number of songs downloaded .
The music group offered to settle the case for US $ 5,000 , but Foster decided to take her chances in court .
She requested that the RIAA provide specifics such as the dates of the alleged downloading and the files involved .
The RIAA failed to provide the requested information and Foster filed a motion for summary judgment .
In turn , the RIAA decided to cut its losses and asked the court to withdraw its case .
The court approved the RIAA 's request , but named Foster the winner and awarded her attorneys fees over the RIAA 's objections .
In his opinion , Judge Lee R. West wrote , " because this Court finds that the plaintiffs ' voluntary dismissal with prejudice services as a complete adjudication of the issues set forth in their complaint and acts as a bar to further action on their claims , the court concludes the matter has been finally adjudicated in the defendant 's favor ... [ which ] represents a judicially sanctioned material alteration in the legal relationship between Deborah Foster and the plaintiffs .
Ms. Foster is therefore the prevailing party for purposes of the Copyright Act . "
Debbie Foster is not the only mother to stand up to the RIAA .
A 42 - year - old disabled , single mother from Oregon , Tanya Anderson , is currently fighting the RIAA 's file - sharing allegations .
She denies downloading hip - hop over Kazaa and decided to fight back after being contacted by the Settlement Support Center .
There is also the case of Patricia Santangelo , a divorced mother of five living in New York .
Her case is currently headed for trial in the US District Court of the Southern District of New York , after a motion to dismiss was denied .
This is hardly the first setback for the RIAA , which has previously sued grandmothers , both living and dead .
Despite that , the music industry appears to be pressing ahead with its litigious strategy .
We contacted the RIAA for comment on the case , but it declined to comment on the specifics of the case .
So marketers have already started advising companies to pay attention to tags .
So I started thinking – what would an information architect do with the wealth of information given by del.icio.us / flickr / technorati tags ?
The first thing that comes to mind is to use tags as a proxy for free - listing .
Information architects or anyone else researching a domain IAs can perform a card - sort on tags instead of generating items for a card - sort exerise using freelisting .
Did that make sense ?
Let me explain .
Card sorting is used as method for understanding user mental models .
Prior to asking users to sort cards , you need to generate a list of relevant items for the exercise .
We ( at Uzanto ) often use free - listing at this stage .
In case this is the first time you are hearing about free - listing – its a light - weight technique to understand what lies within a domain .
An example : ask someone to list all the foods at Starbucks .
Repeat this exercise with 20 people .
Write down the frequency of each term mentioned – it will give you a pretty good idea of the scope and boundaries of the domain “ Starbucks ” .
If you must know more , go read my article at Boxes and Arrows .
Tags bear an uncanny resemblance to freelisting data .
Navigating by tags is remarkably like looking through free - listing data .
Except that you do n’t need to incentivize a bunch of participants and design and execute a research study .
The taggers of the internet have already done that work for us .
Thank you Joshua Schacter and the kind folks at Ludicorp .
Enough background – how does one go about tag sorting .
First step , find a tag for a topic you are interested in .
I was interested in understanding how people think about “ apple ” .
I found the tag “ apple ” on Delicious .
Next , I looked up the related tags .
Here they are .
1 ) mac
2 ) osx
3 ) ipod
4 ) software
5 ) itunes
6 ) music
7 ) history
8 ) technology
9 ) windows
10 ) macintosh
11 ) hardware
Next , I looked up the related tags for each of the above tags .
I ended up with a list of all tags that were one or two degrees away .
Below is the list showing the above related tags ( going down vertically ) and related tags for each of those tags ( going across horizontally ) .
1 ) mac osx software apple windows linux music itunes unix tips howto ipod
2 ) osx software apple unix audio itunes music tips howto apps music linux
3 ) ipod apple music mp3 mac itunes software shuffle linux hacks audio osx
4 ) software mac tools windows linux programming web osx free opensource development music
5 ) itunes music apple mac osx mp3 software ipod audio hacks drm sync
music mp3 audio google search software radio video art free blog cool
6 ) history photography war reference design art web culture photos internet politics photo
7 ) technology blog news web design software science tools internet art google music
8 ) windows software linux tools security mac free freeware xp microsoft programming osx
9 ) macintosh apple software osx mac computers ipod raskin macosx history audio hack
10 ) hardware linux software mac howto apple tools computer hacks technology music hack
Next , I did what I do with freelisting data at this stage .
I mapped each word by frequency .
There were 132 words in all – 11 directly related tags , and 121 related at a second degree .
There were 51 unique words .
Here is the list of all the unique words , along with the frequency , starting with the most frequent word .
1 ) software : 10
2 ) mac : 8
3 ) music : 8
4 ) apple : 7
5 ) osx : 7
6 ) linux : 6
7 ) audio : 5
8 ) hack : 5
9 ) ipod : 4
10 ) itunes : 4
11 ) tools : 4
12 ) art : 3
13 ) free : 3
14 ) howto : 3
15 ) mp3 : 3
16 ) web : 3
17 ) windows : 3
18 ) blog : 2
19 ) computer : 2
20 ) design : 2
21 ) google : 2
22 ) history : 2
23 ) internet : 2
24 ) photo : 2
25 ) programming :
2
26 ) technology : 2
27 ) tips : 2
28 ) unix : 2
29 ) cool : 1
30 ) culture : 1
31 ) development :
1
32 ) drm : 1
33 ) hardware : 1
34 ) macintosh : 1
35 ) mac osh : 1
36 ) microsoft : 1
37 ) news : 1
38 ) open source :
1
39 ) photography :
1
40 ) politics : 1
41 ) radio : 1
42 ) raskin : 1
43 ) reference : 1
44 ) science : 1
45 ) search : 1
46 ) security : 1
47 ) shuffle : 1
48 ) sync : 1
49 ) video : 1
50 ) war : 1
51 ) xp : 1
The list looks very much like a freelisting list .
Except that the list is a little tech heavy , and lacks the range of general free - listing data .
Remarkably , on de.licio.us apple does not appear even once as a fruit .
Nor do you see any reference to the redness of an apple .
Interestingly , both fruit and redness do appear as tags directly related to the apple tag on FLickr .
Here are the first degree of related tags for apple on Flickr : apple : powerbook , ibook , computer , imac , fruit , music , food , red , store , macro .
Back to the delicious data .
Another characteristic typical of freeisting data – the long tail at the end ( note all the tags with a frequency of “ 1 ” ) .
I suspect however , that I would have got a richer dataset if I had asked a group of people to freelist on “ apple ” .
I think what we are seeing is the mental models of “ Apple ” among the early del.icio.us adopters , who are by no means a reresentative sample .
Additionally , all the tags are related to links that they have found worth saving .
All these bias the data in a certain direction .
Another observation – none of the tags surprised me .
Generally , in a freelisting dataset , there are at least some associations that suprise .
I think that there is simply not enough variance here for unique , idiosyncratic associations to emerge .
I expect that this will change as tagging becomes a more mainstream activity .
Also , it possible that I my mental model closely matches those of the del.icio.us taggers and I found all the tags very predictable .
Now for the sorting .
I signed up one individual to sort these tags into groups of his choosing .
( If you are doing a real study , please ask more than one individual to do the sorting !
Aggregate multiple sortings to create group mental model ) .
The groups that popped up are shown below .
We can immediately see just from looking at the groupings how apple is strongly associated with the production and consumption of art / music / media .
The paucity of microsoft - oriented tags and the large number of linux / OSS tags that emerged point to a warming relationship between OSS hackers and applie users ( the fact that OSS , linux , and hacking were grouped together says a lot about the brand identity of linux ) .
On the basis of this preliminary tag - sorting , I think that “ Hacking ” , “ Media ” , and “ Art ” would be excellent top - level categories for an apple - oriented site .
So am I ready to give up freelisting with a group of participants ?
Are tags a perfect replacement for freelists ?
Not quite yet .
I will make sure to check both del.icio.us and Flickr if my project is related to any topics they cover .
Also , I think it would make sense to go upto three degrees of relatedness to get a broader variety of associations .
Most importantly , I think that currently , tagging is not mainstream enough to use exclusively , or even as a primary research data stream .
Tag Sorting is an example of the type of method I hope we will see more of .
There is so much structured data out there .
It is time we learnt how to utilize it to understand people .
Please carry on the tag - sorting experiment .
If you try something , please report back to this blog .
In 2000 I ran an " unwinnable " race against a powerful , entrenched incumbent .
I had a staff of exactly one ( me ) , worked a fulltime job that was 40 miles outside my district boundary , spent less than $ 10,000 ( almost none of it my own ) and still managed to pull in almost 26 % of the vote .
83,000 + people chose an unknown alternative because they were so fed up with their representative .
When I decided to throw my hat into the ring , I had four main thoughts .
I believe every race should be contested .
Even if you run against your own party in a primary , it is a way of ensuring accountability .
People often told me , " I like his positions on issues . "
My response was , " How do you know ?
He has had no reason to go on the record for ANYTHING . "
He certainly has votes that show his tendencies , but he can explain the same vote in 20 different ways , depending on who he is talking to .
A campaign is a way to get them on the record so that future battles will have clear starting points .
I know he is in favor of executing children , against clean water and in favor of establishing a theocracy .
But I want him to say so publicly .
The same thing is gained by running against your party in a primary if they will be unopposed in the general .
Make them go on the record in favor of the things you are in favor of .
Marketing to future voters is key to long term progress .
How much would it cost to market your party to every voter ?
$ 0 if you are on the ballot .
Imagine an 18 year old walking in the booth for their very first vote .
Maybe they have n't paid that much attention but they think they are going to vote for a Democrat .
And the line is blank .
They will start to question the viability and validity of that party .
If you allow one party rule , it makes it that much harder to gain any ground .
In my town there was the President , a Senate race , Me and then ... a slew of races with only one party represented .
I am proud to say I was representing my values .
What if the incumbent dies ?
Gets arrested the week before the election ?
The national Republicans get found out as the cheaters they are with a major scandal ?
If nobody is on the ballot , it does n't matter how long the coat tails are , it is just a wasted opportunity .
Possible sources of votes are compulsive ticket splitters , first time voters , anti-incumbents , underdog rooters , ... not just the true believers .
Respect for the office .
What an unopposed candidate signifies is that nobody thinks the office is important .
My guy said something like this in 1998 : " I represent my district very well .
Everybody agrees with me , that is why nobody ran against me . "
NOBODY should get it without at least token opposition .
You get to meet new people and hear their ideas for improving society , appear in almanacs for posterity , pad your resume , and spout off on any subject you care to mention ( I hit on opposition to the death penalty , pointing out financial conflicts of interest in voting records , racial profiling by police and the courts , support for Industrial Hemp production , and a desire for improvements in health care ) .
If you are interested , start by checking with your state elections board for qualifications and ballot access requirements .
Attend your local party meetings and get some moral support .
Make a website and stock it with your favorite philosophies .
If you get on the ballot , you have a guaranteed platform to shout out your message .
It may not be covered closely , but there are lots of places that will post it for free .
I had one hour on public radio with callers , and one televised debate .
Maybe a small audience , but perhaps I was able to touch one person who will go on to make a difference .
I can dream .
It is not too soon to start for 2006 , take a chance and make a contribution you can be proud of .
In a momentous expansion of the government ’s authority to regulate public disclosure of national security information , a federal court ruled that even private citizens who do not hold security clearances can be prosecuted for unauthorized receipt and disclosure of classified information .
The ruling ( pdf ) by Judge T.S. Ellis , III , denied a motion to dismiss the case of two former employees of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee ( AIPAC ) who were charged under the Espionage Act with illegally receiving and transmitting classified information .
The decision is a major interpretation of the Espionage Act with implications that extend far beyond this particular case .
The Judge ruled that any First Amendment concerns regarding freedom of speech involving national defense information can be superseded by national security considerations .
“ Although the question whether the government ’s interest in preserving its national defense secrets is sufficient to trump the First Amendment rights of those not in a position of trust with the government [ i.e. not holding security clearances ] is a more difficult question , and although the authority addressing this issue is sparse , both common sense and the relevant precedent point persuasively to the conclusion that the government can punish those outside of the government for the unauthorized receipt and deliberate retransmission of information relating to the national defense , ” Judge Ellis wrote ( p. 53 ) .
The provisions of the Espionage Act are not impermissibly overbroad or unconstitutional , the Judge ruled , because they are limited by the requirements that the prohibited behavior be both knowing and willful .
“ The government must … prove that the person alleged to have violated these provisions knew the [ restricted ] nature of the information , knew that the person with whom they were communicating was not entitled to the information , and knew that such communication was illegal , but proceeded nonetheless . ”
“ Finally , with respect only to intangible information [ as opposed to documents ] , the government must prove that the defendant had a reason to believe that the disclosure of the information could harm the United States or aid a foreign nation … . ”
“ So construed , the statute is narrowly and sensibly tailored to serve the government ’s legitimate interest in protecting the national security , and its effect on First Amendment freedoms is neither real nor substantial as judged in relation to this legitimate sweep , ” Judge Ellis wrote ( p. 63 ) .
Others will disagree .
For example , the classified 2004 report of Maj. Gen. Antonio Taguba on prisoner abuse at Abu Ghraib prison clearly fit the court ’s description of national defense information that is closely held by the government .
Moreover , its unauthorized disclosure was likely to , and did in fact , harm the United States .
And yet that disclosure also served an important national purpose in prompting a public debate over U.S. policy on prisoner detention and interrogation .
But under Judge Ellis ’ new interpretation , those reporters and others who communicated this information to the public could apparently be prosecuted under the Espionage Act .
Judge Ellis concluded his opinion by noting that the provisions of the Espionage Act “ have remained largely unchanged since the administration of William Howard Taft . ”
Technological and other changes over the past century “ should suggest to even the most casual observer that the time is ripe for Congress to engage in a thorough review and revision of these provisions to ensure that they reflect both these changes , and contemporary views about the appropriate balance between our nation ’s security and our citizens ’ ability to engage in public debate about the United States ’ conduct in the society of nations . ”
A Non-Programmer ’s Apology
In his classic A Mathematicians Apology , published 65 years ago , the great mathematician G. H. Hardy wrote that “ A man who sets out to justify his existence and his activities ” has only one real defense , namely that “ I do what I do because it is the one and only thing that I can do at all well . ”
“ I am not suggesting , ” he added ,
that this is a defence which can be made by most people , since most people can do nothing at all well .
But it is impregnable when it can be made without absurdity …
If a man has any genuine talent he should be ready to make almost any sacrifice in order to cultivate it to the full .
Reading such comments one cannot help but apply them to oneself , and so I did .
Let us eschew humility for the sake of argument and suppose that I am a great programmer .
By Hardy ’s suggestion , the responsible thing for me to do would be to cultivate and use my talents in that field , to spend my life being a great programmer .
And that , I have to say , is a prospect I look upon with no small amount of dread .
It was not always quite this way .
For quite a while programming was basically my life .
And then , somehow , I drifted away .
At first it was small steps — discussing programming instead of doing it , then discussing things for programmers , and then discussing other topics altogether .
By the time I reached the end of my first year in college , when people were asking me to program for them over the summer , I had n’t programmed in so long that I was n’t even sure I really could .
I certainly did not think of myself as a particularly good programmer .
Ironic , considering Hardy writes that
Good work is not done by ‘ humble ’ men .
It is one of the first duties of a professor , for example , in any subject , to exaggerate a little both the importance of his subject and his own importance in it .
A man who is always asking ‘ Is what I do worthwhile ? ’ and ‘ Am I the right person to do it ? ’ will always be ineffective himself and a discouragement to others .
He must shut his eyes a little and think a little more of his subject and himself than they deserve .
This is not too difficult : it is harder not to make his subject and himself ridiculous by shutting his eyes too tightly .
Perhaps , after spending so much time not programming , the blinders had worn off .
Or perhaps it was the reverse : that I had to convince myself that I was good at what I was doing now , and , since that thing was not programming , by extension , that I was not very good at programming .
Whatever the reason , I looked upon the task of actually having to program for three months with uncertainty and trepidation .
For days , if I recall correctly , I dithered .
Thinking myself incapable of serious programming , I thought to wait until my partner arrived and instead spend my time assisting him .
But days passed and I realized it would be weeks before he would appear , and I finally decided to try to program something in the meantime .
To my shock , it went amazingly well and I have since become convinced that I ’m a pretty good programmer , if lacking in most other areas .
But now I find myself faced with this dilemma : it is those other areas I would much prefer to work in .
The summer before college I learned something that struck me as incredibly important and yet known by very few .
It seemed clear to me that the only responsible way to live my life would be to do something that would only be done by someone who knew this thing — after all , there were few who did and many who did n’t , so it seemed logical to leave most other tasks to the majority .
I concluded that the best thing to do would be to attempt to explain this thing I ’d learned to others .
Any specific task I could do with the knowledge would be far outweighed by the tasks done by those I ’d explained the knowledge to .
1
It was only after I ’d decided on this course of action ( and perhaps this is the blinders once again ) that it struck me that explaining complicated ideas was actually something I ’d always loved doing and was really pretty good at .
That aside , having spent the morning reading David Foster Wallace2 , it is plain that I am no great writer .
And so , reading Hardy , I am left wondering whether my decision is somehow irresponsible .
I am saved , I think , because it appears that Hardy ’s logic to some extent parallels mine .
Why is it important for the man who “ can bat unusually well ” to become “ a professional cricketer ” ?
It is , presumably , because those who can bat unusually well are in short supply and so the few who are gifted with that talent should do us all the favor of making use of it .
If those whose “ judgment of the markets is quick and sound ” become cricketers , while the good batters become stockbrokers , we will end up with mediocre cricketers and mediocre stockbrokers .
Better for all of us if the reverse is the case .
But this , of course , is awfully similar to the logic I myself employed .
It is important for me to spend my life explaining what I ’d learned because people who had learned it are in short supply — much shorter supply , in fact ( or so it appears ) , than people who can bat well .
However , there is also an assumption hidden in that statement .
It only makes sense to decide what to become based on what you can presently do if you believe that abilities are somehow granted innately and can merely be cultivated , not created in themselves .
This is a fairly common view , although rarely consciously articulated ( as indeed Hardy takes it for granted ) , but not one that I subscribe to .
Instead , it seems plausible that talent is made through practice , that those who are good batters are that way after spending enormous quantities of time batting as a kid.3
Mozart , for example , was the son of “ one of Europe ’s leading musical teachers ” 4 and said teacher began music instruction at age three .
While I am plainly no Mozart , several similarities do seem apparent .
My father had a computer programming company and he began showing me how to use the computer as far back as I can remember .
The extreme conclusion from the theory that there is no innate talent is that there is no difference between people and thus , as much as possible , we should get people to do the most important tasks ( writing , as opposed to cricket , let ’s say ) .
But in fact this does not follow .
Learning is like compound interest .
A little bit of knowledge makes it easier to pick up more .
Knowing what addition is and how to do it , you can then read a wide variety of things that use addition , thus knowing even more and being able to use that knowledge in a similar manner .
5
And so , the growth in knowledge accelerates .
6
This is why children who get started on something at a young age , as Mozart did , grow up to have such an advantage .
And even if ( highly implausibly ) we were able to control the circumstances in which all children grew up so as to maximize their ability to perform the most important tasks , that still would not be enough , since in addition to aptitude there is also interest .
Imagine the three sons of a famous football player .
All three are raised similarly , with athletic activity from their earliest days , and thus have an equal aptitude for playing football .
Two of them pick up this task excitedly , while one , despite being good at it , is uninterested7 and prefers to read books .
8
It would not only be unfair to force him to use his aptitude and play football , it would also be unwise .
Someone whose heart is n’t in it is unlikely to spend the time necessary to excel .
And this , in short9 , is the position I find myself in .
I do n’t want to be a programmer .
When I look at programming books , I am more tempted to mock them than to read them .
When I go to programmer conferences , I ’d rather skip out and talk politics than programming .
And writing code , although it can be enjoyable , is hardly something I want to spend my life doing .
Perhaps , I fear , this decision deprives society of one great programmer in favor of one mediocre writer .
And let ’s not hide behind the cloak of uncertainty , let ’s say we know that it does .
Even so , I would make it .
The writing is too important , the programming too unenjoyable .
And for that , I apologize .
Notes
You should follow me on twitter here .
May 27 , 2006
Our regular look at some of the faces which have made the news this week .
Above are GABRIEL GARCIA MARQUEZ ( main picture ) , with LONDON'S WHALE , ANGELINA JOLIE , POPE BENEDICT XVI and SIMON HUGHES .
GABRIEL GARCIA MARQUEZ
The Nobel - Prize - winning author , Gabriel Garcia Marquez , has said he has given up writing .
" With my experience , I could write a new novel without any problems , " he told the Spanish newspaper La Vanguardia .
" But people would realise my heart is n't in it . "
Fans of the writer will have had some forewarning of his waning desire , having had to wait 10 years for his last novel , Memories of My Melancholy Whores .
Meanwhile , Garcia Marquez , now 78 , has been in a long - term fight against lymphatic cancer .
So keenly was it anticipated , that Garcia Marquez re-wrote the final chapter in order to trick those who had pirated it on the internet .
Garcia Marquez is best known for his 1967 novel One Hundred Years of Solitude .
It has sold more than 30 million copies worldwide and been translated into 37 languages .
In fact , it has outsold every book in Spanish save for the Bible .
So great was its impact at the time , that The New York Times described it as " the first piece of literature since the Book of Genesis that should be required reading for the whole human race " .
" Gabo " has lost the heart for novels
The inspiration for the novel came from Garcia Marquez 's 1930s upbringing in a ramshackle house in the small , isolated town of Aracataca in northern Colombia where , as he described in his first book of memoirs , Living to Tell the Tale , his mother and grandmother taught him old folk stories and superstitions .
Garcia Marquez 's grandfather was a liberal activist and veteran of Colombia 's regular civil wars who was hounded by the guilt of having killed a man " in an affair of honour " .
It perhaps helps explain why most of Garcia Marquez 's novels are set amid social and military strife .
The solitude of Garcia Marquez 's upbringing , reflected in his work , first became evident to him when he was sent to school in the capital , Bogota , high up in the Andes mountains .
Voluntary exile
He enrolled as a law student but was soon smitten by the urge to become a journalist and writer .
He dropped out of university and returned to the area of his childhood .
But it took nearly a decade before he set the publishing world alight with " Solitude " .
There followed such other bestsellers as Autumn of the Patriarch and Chronicle of a Death Foretold .
In 1982 he was awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature .
Three years later came his second masterpiece , Love in the Time of Cholera , a tale of obsessive love .
By now , Garcia Marquez had built up a reputation as a left - wing political journalist , and as civil war raged around him , he was forced to flee his native Colombia for Europe , notably Spain .
Later he went to Mexico where he is now settled .
But he continued to exert influence in his home country through his sponsorship of a journalism school and a weekly magazine called Cambio .
Garcia Marquez 's portrait in an Aracataca street
He has consistently defended Castro against what he sees as the bullying policies of the American government despite criticisms , most notably by the writer Susan Sontag , that the Cuban regime was becoming increasingly repressive .
At one time , Garcia Marquez was being lionised by American academics while being refused entry visas into the US .
This is no longer the case , and Garcia Marquez has been receiving treatment for his cancer in California .
He has also holidayed with former US President Bill Clinton , with whom he shares a love of the writer William Faulkner , a great influence on Garcia Marquez 's fiction .
His last novel , Memories of My Melancholy Whores , is the story of a 90 - year - old man who wants to celebrate his birthday by taking the virginity of a 14 - year - old girl .
Typically provocative , it examines the importance of love , passion , sex and death .
" Gabo " , as he 's known to his friends , lives with his wife of 50 years , Mercedes Barcha .
He initially proposed to her when he was 13 , and her acceptance closed the first of a projected trilogy of his memoirs .
Fans and academics alike will be hoping that Gabriel Garcia Marquez 's loss of inspiration will not extend to the rest of his account of an extraordinary life .
LONDON'S WHALE
Cartoonists quipped that the deputy prime minister , John Prescott , had gone for a dip in the Thames .
The truth was that a northern bottlenosed whale had swum up the river past the House of Commons .
According to scientists , the whale had taken a wrong turn at Scotland and lost its way en route to its normal habitat in the Atlantic .
The whale later died of dehydration owing to a lack of its natural food , squid , from which it obtains water .
Full story ANGELINA JOLIE
Angelina Jolie attended the 2006 World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland this week in her capacity as goodwill envoy for the UN High Commissioner for Refugees .
The actress is believed to be four months pregnant by her partner , Brad Pitt , who accompanied her to the gathering .
A Los Angeles judge has granted Jolie 's request to change the surnames of her children to reflect Brad Pitt 's status as their adoptive father .
Full story
POPE BENEDICT XVI
Pope Benedict XVI issued his first encyclical this week on the subject of love .
In it , he explored the love between man and woman and God 's love , and how that love should be reflected in the Roman Catholic Church 's charity work .
The Pope also announced that he will travel to Poland in May to visit Wadowice , the hometown of his predecessor , John Paul II , as well as the Auschwitz concentration camp .
Full story SIMON HUGHES
Having denied being gay only days before , Liberal Democrat leadership contender Simon Hughes this week admitted that he had had relationships with both men and women .
He apologised for " misleading " people but offered the excuse that he had wanted to keep his private life private .
He remains in the leadership race unlike Mark Oaten who was exposed as having had a six - month relationship with a rent - boy , and stepped down as a contestant at the weekend .
Full story
Written by BBC News Profiles Unit's Bob Chaundy
LIBERALS sometimes dream of a night - watchman state , securing property and person , but no more .
They fret that societies have instead submitted to the nanny state , a protective but intrusive matriarch , coddling citizens for their own good .
Economists , with their strong faith in rationality and liberty , have tended to agree .
As many decisions as possible should be left in the individual 's lap , because no one knows your interests better than you do .
Most of us have gained from this freedom .
But a new breed of policy wonk is having second thoughts .
On some of the biggest decisions in their lives , people succumb to inertia , ignorance or irresolution .
Their private failings — obesity , smoking , boozing , profligacy — are now big political questions .
And the wonks think they have an ingenious new answer — a guiding but not illiberal state .
What they propose is “ soft paternalism ” ( see article ) .
Thanks to years of patient observation of people 's behaviour , they have come to understand your weaknesses and blindspots better than you might know them yourself .
Now they hope to turn them to your advantage .
They are paternalists , because they want to help you make the choices you would make for yourself — if only you had the strength of will and the sharpness of mind .
But unlike “ hard ” paternalists , who ban some things and mandate others , the softer kind aim only to skew your decisions , without infringing greatly on your freedom of choice .
Technocrats , itching to perfect society , find it irresistible .
What should the supposed beneficiaries think ?
Choosing not to choose
Most people would accept that a healthy diet is hard to achieve , financial matters are confusing and cigarettes kill too many .
The state is tempted to step in , not only because of the harm that smokers , lushes , spendthrifts and gluttons may do to others , but because of the harm they are doing to themselves .
In Scotland last month the government banned smoking in offices , restaurants and pubs .
In Massachusetts , the state legislature has passed a bill requiring everyone who can afford to buy health insurance to do so , on pain of higher taxes .
This is hard paternalism .
The softer sort is about nudging people to do things that are in their best interests .
The purest form involves setting up systems for sinners to reform themselves : in Missouri for instance , some 10,000 compulsive gamblers have banned themselves from riverboat casinos ; if they succumb to their habit ( and are caught ) they face tough punishments .
In most cases , though , soft paternalism means the government giving people a choice , but skewing the choice towards the one their better selves would like to make .
For instance , in many countries plenty of workers fail to enrol in pension schemes and suffer as a result .
The reason is not that they have decided against joining , but that they have n't decided at all — and enrolling is cumbersome .
So why not make enrolling in the scheme the default option , still leaving them the choice to opt out ?
Studies have shown this can nearly double the enrolment rate .
Lord Turner , head of Britain 's Pensions Commission , is the latest soft paternalist to recommend such a scheme ( see article ) .
Soft paternalists also want to give people more room to rethink “ hot and hasty ” decisions .
They favour cooling - off periods before big decisions , such as marriage , divorce or even buying cigarettes .
Some of them toy with elaborate “ sin licences ” , which would entitle the holder to buy cigarettes , alcohol or even perhaps fatty foods , but only at times and in amounts the licenceholder himself signed up to in advance .
If people want this kind of customised paternalism , why can't the market , in the shape of rehab clinics and personal trainers , provide it ?
Soft paternalists argue that , without the power of the state behind such schemes , they will often break down : the sovereign consumer can always veto his own decisions .
He can fire his personal trainer or check out of the clinic .
Long before the government took it upon itself to ban opium from general sale , Samuel Taylor Coleridge , a Romantic poet and drug addict , used to hire porters to bar his entry to apothecaries .
But he would later threaten to have them arrested if they did not let him pass .
Letting the mice play
Soft paternalism has much in its favour .
First , it is certainly better than hard paternalism .
Second , a government has to provide information to citizens in order for them to make rational decisions on everything from smoking to breastfeeding to organ donation .
Even a government reluctant to second - guess its citizens ends up advising them in one way or another .
What people decide they want is often a product of the way a choice is framed for them — they take the first thing on the menu , or a bit of everything .
Even a truly liberal government would find itself shaping the wishes and choices to which it earnestly wants to defer .
It 's surely better to lure people into pension schemes than out of them .
Yet from the point of view of liberty , there is a serious danger of overreach , and therefore grounds for caution .
Politicians , after all , are hardly strangers to the art of framing the public 's choices and rigging its decisions for partisan ends .
And what is to stop lobbyists , axe - grinders and busybodies of all kinds hijacking the whole effort ?
There is , admittedly , a safety valve .
People remain free to reject the choices soft paternalism tries to guide them into — that is what is distinctive about it .
But though people will still have this freedom , most wo n't bother to use it — that is what makes soft paternalism work .
For all its potential , and its advantage over paternalism of the hard sort , this is a tool that transfers power from the individual to the state , which only sometimes knows best .
Its champions will say that soft paternalism should only be used for ends that are unarguably good : on the side of sobriety , prudence and restraint .
But private virtues such as these are as likely to wither as to flourish when public bodies take charge of them .
And life would be duller if every reckless spirit could outsource self - discipline to the state .
Had the government deprived Coleridge of opium , he might have been happier .
Then again , there might have been no “ Kubla Khan ” .
Do you find yourself constantly busy with urgent tasks , left with no time to work on less urgent yet more important activities ?
In my experience this is a wide - spread problem , both at the workplace and at home .
How many people do you know acknowledge the importance of exercise , but claim they do n't have the time ?
In my current work assignment , I often see people spending large amounts of time trying to fix problems , but little to no time trying to identify the root causes and prevent such problems from occurring in the first place .
Some examples of these important but usually non-urgent tasks are code refactoring and long - term strategic planning .
I am a firm believer in making time for the important , but at work this is very challenging : I have many responsibilities , including responding to operational issues that are almost always urgent .
With my time split among many tasks , I have been forced to learn strategies for how to find time for the important but non-urgent tasks that otherwise would be put off indefinitely .
One common strategy is to allocate a fixed amount of time each week to one or more of these important tasks - usually about four hours a week , which is only 10 % of a 40 - hour work week .
Since it is usually more efficient to use a larger block of time for one task , a common variation is to allocate an entire day less frequently - one day every two weeks is still only 10 % of the total work hours .
I have found a couple of difficulties with this fixed - time strategy .
The first problem is actually choosing when to spend this time .
For example , at the start of one week I decided that Friday afternoon would be reserved for important , non-urgent tasks .
But on Friday morning a serious operational problem was discovered that required my attention for most of the day , and the important tasks had to wait .
The second problem is that working on a task for only a fixed period of time does not mesh well with my preferred style of working .
I find it most productive to break up a task into separate pieces and only switch tasks after completing a piece - not in the middle .
I therefore developed a strategy that works better for me .
Whenever a week goes by in which I have not made any progress on my important , non-urgent tasks , I choose one of these tasks as my next major work item .
In my next available significant block of time I work on this task , ignoring all but the most urgent issues .
My goal is to complete one or more logical pieces of the task .
I do n't pay particular attention to how long it takes , although it is usually no more than a day .
Another strategy that works well for me is to gradually increase the urgency of a neglected important task until it is done .
This is how I ensure I regularly exercise .
If I miss a workout , my sense of urgency about it starts to increase day by day until I finally do it .
The key to this approach is that you need to hold a conviction about the importance of the activity and why a continued delay in doing it would be bad .
The case for exercise is simple : the benefit comes from regular physical activity - a minimum of three times a week is recommended - so the longer the interval between workouts , the worse the effect on my health .
These strategies are based on a common principle from Stephen Covey 's book First Things First which classifies activities into four quadrants based on their importance and urgency .
My description of tasks as important or urgent is based on the classification from the book .
This common principle is to choose the important over the urgent .
Unimportant tasks , even if urgent , should be neglected in favor of important tasks .
While urgent important tasks need to get done quickly , it should n't be at the expense of non-urgent tasks that are equally if not more important .
Making time for the important is often a challenge .
I have presented some of the approaches I use to ensure that important but non-urgent activities get done .
If you have particular strategy that works well for you , please share it .
Tweet
If you find this article helpful , please make a donation .
WARS are always filled with surprises .
But hardly anyone , including veteran military observers , expected Lebanon ’s Hezbollah fighters to withstand Israel ’s armed forces for a month .
This wholly unexpected resistance of some 3,000 Hezbollah fighters to the world ’s fourth most powerful military machine electrified the Muslim world and stunned Israelis , who had foolishly dismissed Hezbollah as a bunch of terrorists .
According to the Israeli media , Israel had apparently been planning the Lebanon invasion for the past three years and conducted a mock invasion of Lebanon only a month ago .
The invasion of southern Lebanon was expected to be rapid and low in casualties .
Instead , Hezbollah fought Israel ’s armoured juggernaut to a standstill .
Why have Hezbollah ’s mujahideen proven such fierce and skilled fighters ?
Many are well - educated university graduates , often around 30 - 40 years old .
They are dedicated to driving Israeli troops from Lebanon and aiding the Palestinian cause .
Hezbollah ’s Shia traditions of self - sacrifice , fearlessness and heroism in battle play a key role .
So , too , does the concept of noble martyrdom in righteous battle .
The Israel Defense Forces has suffered grave casualties in southern Lebanon , notably near the strategic hilltop town of Marjayoun , incurring scores of casualties .
Hezbollah claims to have knocked out 13 of Israel ’s superbly armoured Merkava tanks .
Nearby Bint Jebil , which changed hands numerous times , is being hailed as ‘ Hezbollagrad ’ after the legendary World War II battle at Stalingrad .
Many Hezbollah officers are highly skilled veterans of the 1980 ’s war .
By contrast , IDF ground forces seem to have forgotten almost all the bitter lessons previously learned in Lebanon .
The 1980 ’s occupation cost Israel nearly 800 soldiers and billions of dollars .
Hezbollah fighters stand out among Arab military forces for proficiency in small unit combat tactics .
Their squads are experts in moving and firing , setting up interlocking fields of fire , laying ambushes and anti-tank mines and pre-registered mortar fire plans .
In this sense , Hezbollah mujahideen are showing the same tenacious and deadly combat skills as North Vietnam ’s renowned light infantry in the Indochina Wars .
Hezbollah ’s men wear modern body armour and helmets .
They have supplies of munitions cached all over the area , and networks of bunkers , caves and trenches that partially neutralise Israel ’s command of the air .
Subjected to intensive , round - the - clock bombing by Israel ’s Air Force and shelling by heavy guns , Hezbollah ’s fighters have never wavered or retreated , and continued to resist with ferocity .
No professional western troops could do better .
One of Hezbollah ’s few advantages is intimate knowledge of southern Lebanon ’s fractured terrain of steep hills , dry stream beds , twisting roads and deep ravines .
Israel ’s vast number of tanks and armoured vehicles cannot be employed to full force in such terrain as they were in the deserts of Sinai and barren Golan Heights .
Equally important , Hezbollah ’s infantry has acquired sizeable amounts of anti-tank systems .
These include the venerable but still destructive US TOW sourced from refurbished Iranian stocks , the Soviet Sagger , and the modern European Milan , likely obtained on the black market or from Syria , as well as some modern Russian systems .
These weapons have caused the largest number of Israeli casualties and armour losses and are a fearsome threat for IDF infantry packed into vulnerable armoured personnel carriers .
Had Hezbollah any effective shoulder - fired anti-aircraft weapons , such as the US Stinger that neutralised Soviet aviation in Afghanistan , Israel ’s enormous advantage from devastating close air support would also be partially neutralised .
Far from being what Israel and the US call a ‘ terrorist group ’
Hezbollah is an integrated political , social , cultural and military movement that represents Lebanon ’s Shia , who make up 40 per cent of that nation ’s people .
Recent polls show 87 per cent of Lebanese now support Hezbollah .
Even Al Qaeda , which used to brand the Shias traitors to the Arab cause , now hails Hezbollah as a vanguard of Arab liberation .
Israel has admitted military failure in Lebanon by effectively replacing its northern commander .
Meanwhile , 40,000 more Israeli troops are poised to enter Lebanon , most of whose population has been driven out by Israeli bombing and shelling .
Israel says it is delaying the operation pending ongoing talks in the UN Security Council .
The most likely scenario for this new incursion is a westward thrust from the Galilee panhandle along the Litani River , thus isolating southern Lebanon .
But Hezbollah ’s leader , Shaikh Hassan Nasrallah , has vowed to fight for every village and hill .
However , his men are running low on munitions and taking serious , though not crippling , losses .
Bombing will not destroy Hezbollah .
The Bush Administration ’s encouragement of Israel ’s foolish strategy marks its third military disaster .
Israel risks getting permanently stuck in Lebanon through this mission .
Hezbollah cannot be uprooted without wiping out Lebanon ’s 1.5 million Shias .
But Israel ’s political leaders now cannot stop the war without winning a clear military victory .
Anything less will be called a major defeat and bring them well - deserved political oblivion .
All Hezbollah has to do to win is survive the Israeli onslaught .
Israel is desperately trying to assassinate Shaikh Hassan .
But even his death will not eliminate Hezbollah .
Israel ’s only way out of this mess is for America to provide it a face - saving diplomatic exit strategy .
Meanwhile , Hezbollah is being hailed as the new heroes of the Muslim world , little turbaned Davids battling the US - Israeli Goliath .
Eric S Margolis is a veteran US journalist and contributing foreign editor of the Toronto Sun .
He has long covered the Middle East .
He can be reached at margolis@foreigncorrespondent.com
We present a typed calculus IL ( “ intermediate language ” ) which supports the embedding of ML - like ( strict , eager ) and Haskell - like ( non-strict , lazy ) languages , without favoring either .
IL ’s type system includes negation ( continuations ) , but not implication ( function arrow ) .
Within IL we find that lifted sums and products can be represented as the double negation of their unlifted counterparts .
We exhibit a compilation function from IL to AM — an abstract von Neumann machine — which maps values of ordinary and doubly negated types to heap structures resembling those found in practical implementations of languages in the ML and Haskell families .
Finally , we show that a small variation in the design of AM allows us to treat any ML value as a Haskell value at runtime without cost , and project a Haskell value onto an ML type with only the cost of a Haskell deepSeq .
This suggests that IL and AM may be useful as a compilation and execution model for a new language which combines the best features of strict and non-strict functional programming .
by Gina Trapani
Click to viewThe Firefox homepage calls the web browser " fully customizable to your online life , " and that 's not just marketing claptrap .
Beyond the extensive options available in its menus and dialogs , there 's a lengthy set of advanced Firefox preferences that can customize the browser to your specific needs .
Sure , your brother - in - law 's not likely to edit Firefox 's default configuration , but you ?
You 're a power surfer and you want your web browser your way .
Advertisement
In honor of the Firefox 2.0 release yesterday , today we 'll dive deep into the bowels of the fox 's config with a handful of my favorite Firefox 2 ( and older ) tweaks .
Firefox 2 officially released
As we reported yesterday , Mozilla officially released Firefox 2 today along with a nice new revamp …
Read more
Advertisement
How to modify Firefox 's configuration ( about : config )
All this " advanced config " talk got you worried ?
Fear not , my friend .
Here 's the deal : Firefox 's configuration is a long list of keys and values .
To view this list , type about : config into the Firefox address bar .
Then , enter the name of the key you want to update in the " Filter " field .
The list will narrow to only the entries that match your keyword as you type , as shown .
( The key , of course , is knowing the key .
More on that below . )
To modify the value of a key , double - click on the value field and update the entry .
To see your changes , restart your browser .
Easy as pie .
Advertisement
Got it ?
Good .
Let 's get to tweaking .
Session restore
Fx 2.0 only :
As a blogger and web mail user , it breaks my heart to recount how many times I 've composed a long post or email message , then accidentally closed the tab or browser and lost all my work .
No more !
With Firefox 2 , set the browser .
startup.page key to 3 to restore your browsing session - with form entries intact !
- every time you start your browser or undo close tab after a wayward click .
Note :
By default , Firefox 2 automatically restores your session if your browser crashes - but this does it every time you restart your browser normally .
Thanks for the tip , Arun !
Advertisement
Key : browser.startup.page
Modified Value : 3
Default : 1 ( open your specified homepages )
Update : Ryan points out that doing it this way is like swatting a fly with a sledgehammer .
To do it the normal person way , from the Tools menu choose Options , and in the Main area , select " Show my windows and tabs from last time " from the " When Firefox starts " dropdown .
D'oh !
Thanks Ryan !
Advertisement
Tab width before scrolling kicks in
Fx 2.0 only :
The biggest interface changes in Firefox 2 involve tabbed browsing .
Power surfers who open more than a dozen tabs will notice that Firefox 2 minimizes tabs to a certain width , then sets the excess to scroll off the tab bar with left and right arrows .
As someone who often has more than a dozen tabs open , not being able to see them all made me crazy .
One solution is to reduce the minimum tab width so that more tabs fit in the bar before the scroll kicks in .
The default is 100 pixels ; I found that 75 worked better for me - page titles were still readable , but more tabs could fit .
Compare 100 width , which fits 7 tabs across at this size ( click to enlarge ) :
Advertisement
To 75 , which fits 10 across at this size ( click to enlarge ) :
Advertisement
To disable tab scrolling entirely , set the value to 0 .
Key : browser.tabs.tabMinWidth
Modified Value : 75 ( fit in more tabs before overflow enables scroll )
( fit in more tabs before overflow enables scroll ) Alternate Modified Value : 0 ( disable scroll entirely )
( disable scroll entirely ) Default : 100
Tab close buttons
Fx 2.0 only : Another tab interface change in Firefox 2 is the addition of a close button on each individual tab .
I happen to love this , but some hate it , saying it causes them to accidentally close a tab when just trying to switch to it .
If you 're a hater , revert to the Firefox 1.5 behavior by changing the browser.tabs.closeButtons value to 3 .
This will not display close tabs on individual tabs , and turn on a single close tab button at the right end of the tab bar .
Advertisement
Key : browser.tabs.closeButtons
Modified Value : 3 ( revert to Firefox 1.5 behavior )
( revert to Firefox 1.5 behavior ) Alternate Modified Value : 2 ( do n't display any close tab buttons )
( do n't display any close tab buttons ) Default : 1 ( display close buttons on all tabs )
Fetch only what you click
Fx .6 and up : Firefox has this wacky little feature that downloads pages from links it thinks you may click on pages you view , like the top result on a page of Google results .
This means you use up bandwidth and CPU cycles and store history for web pages you may not have ever viewed .
Creepy , eh ?
To stop that madness , set the network .
prefetch - next key to false .
Advertisement
Key : network.prefetch-next
Modified Value : false
Limit RAM usage
All versions : Goodness knows I 've done a good amount of belly - aching about Firefox 's voracious appetite for RAM .
( It 's consistently the most memory - intensive process on both my PC and Mac. )
Happily a simple config tweak got Mem Use right back down to a more comfortable number .
Along with the previous prefetch mod , set your browser.cache.disk.capacity browser.cache.memory.capacity to a value that fits your total RAM .
Advertisement
Key : browser.cache.memory.capacity
Modified Value : Depends on your system 's total memory .
According to Computerworld :
For RAM sizes between 512BM and 1GB , start with 15000 .
For RAM sizes between 128MB and 512M , try 5000 .
Advertisement
Turn off chrome tooltips
Advertisement
All versions : I have an irritating Firefox problem on my Mac .
When I try to drag a bookmark into one of my bookmark toolbar folders , the tool tip gets in the way and prevents the drop from working .
Argh !
Like you , I already know what all the buttons on my browser chrome do , so the tool tips are n't necessary .
To turn them off , set the browser.chrome.toolbar_tips key value to false .
Bonus is , it solved my Mac 's bookmark drag and drop problem .
Key : browser.chrome.toolbar_tips
Modified Value : false
Lastly , though 2.0's default value is a lot more reasonable than 1.5's , you can use about : config to put off that annoying Unresponsive Script dialog on Javascript - heavy web pages .
Advertisement
Update : From the comments , a few more good about : config tweaks :
layout.spellcheckDefault = 2 turns on Firefox 2's spell - checking in input fields as well as textareas .
( That means no more typos in Lifehacker post headlines ! )
turns on Firefox 2's spell - checking in input fields as well as textareas .
( That means no more typos in Lifehacker post headlines ! ) browser.urlbar.hideGoButton=true turns off the rarely - used
Go button at the end of the address bar , for more room to see long URLs .
Thanks , sister - ray
Advertisement
See the MozillaZine about : config wiki page for the exhaustive list of Firefox preferences keys , their possible values and effects .
What are your favorite Firefox about : config tweaks ?
Post 'em up in the comments .
Gina Trapani , the editor of Lifehacker , is a sucker for advanced settings .
Her semi- weekly feature , Geek to Live , appears every Wednesday and Friday on Lifehacker .
Subscribe to the Geek to Live feed to get new installments in your newsreader .
When you design for the web , you do n’t know what software people will use to experience your site , and you do n’t know what capabilities your users ( and their software ) have .
Flexible layouts and resizable type can eliminate a lot of worst - case usability and design scenarios , but it ’s still extremely difficult to create page layouts that do n’t break even if the user increases the type size by more than a few settings .
Article Continues Below
Stick around and we ’ll give you a way to detect your visitors ’ initial font size setting — and a way to find out whenever your visitor increases or decreases the font size .
Why would you want to know these things ?
Because with this knowledge in hand , you can create a set of stylesheets that adapt your pages to the users ’ chosen font sizes , preventing overlapping elements and other usability and design disasters .
( You can also do a lot of other interesting things , which we ’ll discuss later . )
Our sample page before font resizing .
Our sample page with overlapping navigational elements after the font size is increased .
Flexible design approaches #section2
Some existing techniques — like Dan Cederholm ’s “ Bullet Proof CSS , ” faux columns that simulate columns with background images , and oversized images and background - position that allow for growth of text — are a great help , but some designs just are n’t meant for large text .
Furthermore , you wo n’t want to serve bite - sized content to visitors with large resolutions just to cater to visitors with smaller resolutions — if you can avoid it .
Designing into the unknown#section3
Before we get into the technique itself , let ’s take a step back and examine the underlying problem .
We already know how to adapt to the size of the user ’s window and screen resolution .
Stuart Colville ’s CSS Drop Column
Layout shows content in four columns and drops the fourth below the third when there is not enough space on the screen .
An older script by Cameron Adams allows for window - size dependent styling .
If you use Cameron ’s resolution script , your website can learn when the visitor ’s window gets resized and react to it accordingly .
Sadly , this is not the case when you resize the font .
How to detect font size changes #section4
It is remarkably easy to detect changes in font size .
All you need is JavaScript that :
creates a hidden span element with a space inside it ,
element with a space inside it , reads the height of that element and stores it ,
registers listener functions to call when the font size changes , and
checks periodically if the height of the span element changed — which means that the user has resized the font .
This is nothing new , and it has been used on some high - traffic web portals before .
It becomes a lot more interesting , though , when you mix it with custom events .
In essence , using a custom event means you get notified every time there is a change in font size .
Check the demo page to see the effect in action .
( Resize the font in your browser to get the notifications . )
Using the text resize detector #section5
To implement this script , first embed it in the head of your document .
( Line wraps marked » — Ed. )
<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD
HTML 4.01//EN " » " http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/strict.dtd " > < html dir= " ltr " > < head > < meta http-equiv= " Content - Type " content = " text / html ; » charset=utf - 8 " > < title > Font Resizer Demo</ title > < script type =" text/ javascript " src= " » textresizedetector.js " ></ script > </ head > < body > < h1 > Resize me , now !</h1 > </ body > </html >
Next , define two properties :
The id of the element you want to add the span to and
of the element you want to add the to and the name of the function that gets called when the text resize detector is initialized .
These are stored in two parameters called TARGET_ELEMENT_ID and USER_INIT_FUNC respectively .
< script type =" text / javascript " » src=" textresizedetector.js " ></ script > < script type =" text / javascript " > // <![ CDATA [ /* id of element to check for and insert test SPAN into */ TextResizeDetector .
TARGET_ELEMENT_ID
= ' header ' ; /* function to call once TextResizeDetector was initialized */ TextResizeDetector.USER_INIT_FUNC
= init ; // ] ] > </ script >
Note : to determine the correct base font of the document , the element
with the id that you store in TARGET_ELEMENT_ID should be fairly high
in the source order and not inherit font size from any other element .
This also
means that the detector runs as soon as possible .
If you do n’t care about the base font size , you can specify any element .
Lastly , define the function that you set in the USER_INIT_FUNC property .
< script type =" text / javascript " » src=" textresizedetector.js " ></ script > < script type =" text / javascript " > // <![ CDATA [ function init ( ) { var iBase = TextResizeDetector.addEventListener ( » onFontResize , null ) ; alert (
" The base font size = " + iBase ) ; } // id of element to check for and insert control TextResizeDetector .
TARGET_ELEMENT_ID
= ' header ' ; /* function to call once TextResizeDetector was initialized */ TextResizeDetector.USER_INIT_FUNC
= init ; // ] ] > </ script >
The init ( ) function is where you register listeners with
addEventListener .
This ensures that your function — in this case onFontResize ( ) — is called when the font size has been changed .
It also returns the base font size , which is useful for Opera and IE7
users .
A tangent : Opera and IE7 #section6
These browsers take a different approach to resizing : instead of increasing the font size , they zoom the whole document , including form elements and images .
As these browsers do n’t resize the font , the event will never fire .
However , the script allows you to initially read out the base font size and help you adjust your layout / widget according to that base size .
Back to work #section7
Once you ’ve set everything up , you can define your listener function .
( Line wraps marked » — Ed. )
< script type =" text / javascript " » src=" textresizedetector.js " ></ script > < script type =" text / javascript " > // <![ CDATA [ function init ( ) { var iBase = TextResizeDetector.addEventListener ( » onFontResize , null ) ; alert (
" The base font size = " + iBase ) ; } function onFontResize ( e , args ) { var msg = "
The base font size in pixels : " + » args [ 0 ] .
iBase ; msg += "
The current font size in pixels : " + » args [ 0 ] .
iSize ; msg += "
The change in pixels from the last » size : " + args [ 0 ] .
iDelta ; alert ( msg ) ; } // id of element to check for and insert control TextResizeDetector .
TARGET_ELEMENT_ID
= ' header ' ; // function to call once TextResizeDetector has init'd TextResizeDetector .USER_INIT_FUNC
= init ; // ] ] > </ script >
When the event fires , this function retrieves two parameters : the name of the event — textSizeChanged — and an array of arguments , the first of which is an object with the following properties :
iBase
The initial value of the document when it was loaded .
iDelta
The difference between the last font size and the new font size .
iSize
The new font size .
All font sizes are in pixels .
The TextResizeDetector object itself has three methods :
addEventListener ()
Registers your event handler and returns the base font size .
If you pass an object as a second parameter , your handler function is executed in the scope of that object .
stopDetector ()
Stops the detector .
startDetector ()
Starts the detector .
This is only needed if the stopDetector ( ) method has been executed beforehand .
Possible Uses#section8
That ’s grand , but what do you do with this information ?
Whatever you please .
Possible options include
Turning a horizontal menu bar into a vertical single list when the font is too large .
Replacing a graphical button with a normal submit on large fonts
Applying different style sheets to the document according to font size .
You could also automatically switch to a zoom layout at a certain stage .
Removing elements when a certain size is reached .
Showing more elements when a certain size is reached ( in case the user zooms out instead of in ) .
Pulling in longer text passages via Ajax when the screen space allows for longer texts .
Increase the width of a sidebar when the font size changes to keep a consistent line length .
Center an element that is defined in em on the screen .
How else might this script be used ?
Tell us about it in the comments .
That is all there is to it .
You can download
all the code and examples in this zip .
For more info about custom events , here are two good resources .
How to Write Bad Code Hans Spiller
There are a lot of ways to write bad code , and I 've done most of them .
But before we can really go about deciding what is bad code and what 's not , we need to establish some metrics and goals .
Why would you want to write bad code ?
Well , there are lot of reasons :
fun
The most important is that it 's fun .
In the same way as throwing rocks at passing cars , and tearing the wings off of bugs are both a lot of fun , it 's fun to really screw up a program .
Job security
if you 're the only one that can work on a piece of code that they need , they can't fire you .
The flip side of this is that they can't let you go work on anything else .
Being able to really screw up a piece of code and then ducking out to go screw up another project too is a truly special talent that only a few have demonstrated .
Egoism .
Knowing that no one else can work on your code makes you feel smarter .
What are the tools of our trade ?
The most important tool is confusion .
It helps to a degree if we are confused ourselves , but if we 're sufficiently confused we might not be able to get the piece of code to appear to work , and then where would we be ?
Code that does n't work at all does n't satisfy any of the reasons for writing bad code -- no one will want it , so no one will be screwed up by it .
So the key is to keep our personal confusion to a safe level , and maliciously do things to confuse the unfortunate who tries to read our work .
Most of the standard tactical maneuvers can be applied to achieve confusion : misdirection , obscuration , overwhelming , stealth , surprise , indirection , etc .
If it works in football or warfare , it can probably be used to write bad code .
The second tool is suffering .
This includes a lot of things : waiting for compiles , unhelpful error messages , long hours , the cumulative effects of confusion -- anything that makes working on a piece of code unpleasant .
I generally refer to this as pain .
Bad code is painful to work on .
Lets look at a few software engineering concepts and see how they can make our code good or bad .
Locality .
Locality can be a very easy thing to measure .
In order to figure out how something works , how often do you have to search around ?
If you have to follow several pointers for every single line , the bad code artist has done a good job .
Djikstra demonstrates one example of this in his " Goto Considered Harmful " letter .
Each time you have to follow a goto , you have to change contexts .
Of course , in most cases it 's difficult to do more than a single indirection per line using goto , so it 's a comparatively weak method of writing bad code .
Worse yet , there are a lot of cases where gotos can actually improve readability , so goto is a fairly limited weapon .
We can expand the power of the goto by turning it into a function call , and doing several tiny ones on a line .
Accessor functions are an excellent way to achieve this , especially inherited accessor functions .
Each function does a tiny thing , and then calls some other function , requiring the would be maintainer to change contexts each time , not just elsewhere in the same procedure , but in another source , or better yet , in another source that 's in another directory .
We can use this to our advantage though , by hiding a side effect inside the accessor .
It 's most effective if he 's not sure if the accessor he 's looking at is the right one .
Accessors , Inheritance and Overloading are among the best things yet invented for bad code writers .
Of course , accessors are a double edged sword .
It 's quite possible to write an accessor that does something helpful , like internal consistency checking , or making it easy to change the layout of a structure , instead of just generating pointless and irritating indirection .
W hen most accessors do almost nothing , while others , apparently very similar , do something quite radical , the bad coder has achieved the goal .
Djikstra 's complaint about goto is that it leads to spaghetti code .
Of course , with a little work , spaghetti code can be followed .
Spaghetti data on the other hand , requires a much larger amount of work to follow .
Spaghetti objects are clearly the highest form so far devised .
Source Code Browsers can give the illusion of greater locality than there actually is .
This can work tremendously in favor of the bad coder .
For example , many browsers do n't work if the application failed to build .
So by wiring in hidden dependencies on the specific directory structure of your machine , you can make life sheer hell for the person who would try to work on your code .
And you can say " I dunno , it compiled for me " and show them how easy it is to find stuff with the browser .
Coupling / Encapsulation .
Coupling is a measure of how interrelated two separate things are .
If there 's a lot of coupling , then it 's difficult to follow one thing without a deep understanding of the other .
If there 's minimal coupling , then you can understand the one thing with only a minimal understanding of what the other one does .
Of course , as bad code artists , we 're trying to maximize coupling .
The object orientation people have done bad code artists a huge favor here .
What those misguided fools think they 're doing is minimizing the amount that the played user of a component has to understand about the workings of the component .
One of the ideas they use , they call " Hiding " .
Wow , this sounds just like a bad code technique !
By making it difficult to get into the components of an " Object " they think they 're promoting neatly encapsulated packages .
Wrong !
They 've right into our hands .
We can use those very mechanisms to hide our little pitfalls .
And by forcing a complicated interface to fit an irrelevant language structure , we can convolute it dramatically !
If the object oriented people really wanted to promote encapsulation , they would have stressed encapsulation more , and never even used the word " hiding " .
Hiding is a very powerful bad code technique , because it makes things difficult to follow .
Encapsulation is just the opposite -- it makes it unnecessary to follow .
You can't force encapsulation -- you have to come up with an interface that 's easy to describe - - anathema to a bad coder .
You can easily enforce hiding of course , and that plays perfectly into the hands of bad coders .
Here 's a simple bad code technique based on coupling that can be used in any language to really screw things up :
It is frequently useful to build a table which is indexed with an enumeration .
Now I hear you say that this sounds like a good code technique .
To make it a bad code technique , you merely need to separate the definition of the enumeration and the definition of the table itself .
With most languages , this is easily done -- in fact , with many languages , it takes work to do anything else .
Now , for the Coup de Grace :
Put some complicated conditional compilation in the table , so that not all builds use all of the elements -- and make sure the enumeration has all the same conditionals .
Putting all the variation at the end is cheating , and so is using a tool to generate it ( unless you 're abusing a tool ... see below ) .
For truly bad code , you have to be able to mix and match from the middle .
Redundancy
Duplication of code is a tremendously effective way to set pitfalls .
For example , if you have a whole bunch of code that does very similar things , possibly with very minor variations , it 's important to duplicate it if you want to write bad code .
The easiest thing to see that this does is to bloat code , which is obviously the sort of badness we 're looking for .
But there 's a much more insidious thing .
Suppose that the would - be understander of your bad code needs to add something to this duplicated sequence , such as a bug fix .
He has to find each instance and separately add the change to each one .
Similarly , there 's a chance some subtle difference will sneak in to some of the cases , and will get by testing .
Serendipitous bad code !
This of course works best if the similar sequences look quite different , e.g. with different comments or variable names , but are in fact very similar functionally .
Djikstra 's " Goto Considered Harmful " letter is one of the bad code artist 's best friends here .
A lot of people who think they 're writing good code by eliminating gotos , are in fact setting just the kind of pitfalls we 're talking about .
One kind of redundancy that 's often used to eliminate gotos is to add a flag .
Here we have an extra piece of data for which the sole purpose is to obfuscate a simple piece of control flow !
After 25 years , I think it 's fair to say that Djikstra 's letter has done far more to promote bad code through duplication and spurious flags than the " spaghetti " code it was intended to prevent .
Hooray for Djikstra !
Of course , there is nothing preventing bad code artists from doing both .
Obscurity
It 's quite possible to write a bad piece of bad code which is concise , self contained , and non-redundant .
It generally is quite difficult though , and to achieve it is a sort of Nivana for the bad coder .
It is in the area of obscurity that all of the truly bad coders rise to their supreme creative achievements .
The most effective way is through unnecessarily complicated algorithms .
An example would be using a quick sort or shell sort ( uncommented of course ) when there can never be more than a dozen or so items to be sorted .
A good coder would have used a bubble sort .
It 's simpler , and for the short list , just as fast .
Another example is using a complicated data structure , especially one that requires a lot of finicky special case code , to handle something that can easily be traversed linearly , and which is only used in a non time critical portion , such as user interaction .
One of my favorite comments is " Abandon hope all ye who enter here " heading a particularly obscure passage in a famous operating system .
Many of the worst pieces of obscurity , such as the one this comment heads , are done in the name of performance .
When this is done with full knowledge of the real performance of the program ( either late in the development cycle , or by someone with a deep understanding of the behavior of the system ) , and in ways that leave the code portable and maintainable , this is good code .
That 's a lot of " with "s .
Leave any of them out , and you 've got bad code .
Bit twiddlers are often the baddest of the bad coders , and they frequently take a justifiable pride in this .
One of the most effective ways to obscure things is to hide them in constructors and destructors .
Many languages have constructs which have hidden or obscure side effects , ( e.g. garbage collection , heap allocation , implicit indirection , mass allocation or copying ) but the Object Oriented people have provided the most effective tool yet .
They 've also generated a bunch of new terminology and syntax for some old ideas , which always contributes mightily in our great goal .
Inheritance
Inheritance is a mechanism by which components can be selectively reused verbatim by another component of a program .
This can be used to achieve incredible levels of nonlocality , obscuration , and misdirection if suitably applied .
The most effective use the author has seen is in a fairly simple ( approx 5000 lines of code ) program which does some would - be simple analysis , using a well understood technique which has been universal since the computer industry first began .
( The previous implementations of the algorithm the author has seen are in the general range of 2000 LOC , including one that was entirely in assembly , b.t.w. )
This program used identically named functions which were in fact not related in any way , while frequently calling inherited functions across the same interface , to achieve a remarkable level of confusion .
The programmer also found extensive opportunities to duplicate large passages of nearly identical code in several components .
So you can see , inheritance is a wonderful opportunity for bringing out our other techniques .
Comments
Comments are one of the best ways to obfuscate and misdirect .
At the very least , they can be used to overwhelm .
Here are a couple of examples :
les bx , [ pFoo ] ; move pointer to a foo into es:bx
Note that the comment provides NO information at all .
If we can read the code , we do n't need the comment .
Even without using Hungarian , we 'd need to be pretty thick to not be able to figure out that something being loaded into es : bx was a pointer .
( for those not fluent in the 80x86 , es : bx is a register pair which can * only * be used as a pointer , it gives a protection fault if you load it with something that is not ) .
All the comment does is take up space on the disk , and more importantly , take up time of the would - be understander .
/************
*IT FOOTYPE ::ItOfThat( THAT * pThat ) * Purpose : * find the IT of a THAT * Parameters : * pThat : A pointer to a THAT * Returns : * an IT * Notes : *****************************/
IT FOOTYPE ::ItOfThat( THAT * pThat ) {
This is even better .
In a sense , it 's triple redundant .
Hungarian , the comment , and the declaration all say exactly the same thing , while providing no useful information about interactions , algorithms , side effects , and so forth .
If it uses the this pointer in an obscure way , that just adds to the fun .
Be wary : if the input and output are registers ( i.e. , if this is about assembly language ) , this is useful information , and as bad coders , we would n't want that .
( Incidently , this example , with the names changed , is taken from actual code from an actual program which is being marketed commercialy by a major software developer . )
A lot of bad coders blindly put such a header on all procedures , to pad their Lines Of Code statistics .
Perhaps the single most important thing that can be done with comments is misdirection , and sometimes it happens entirely by accident by people who have no intention of writing bad code .
The situation usually comes about like this : Coder A writes a tricky bit of code , and carefully comments the algorithm used .
Coder B ( perhaps even the same person as coder A , but some time later ) comes along and makes a big change to the algorithm , or even moves it entirely into a different place , leaving the comment behind .
Coder C , trying to make some subsequent change , reads the comment , and then spends a bunch of time reading the code and trying to match it up with the comments .
Note that had Coder A actually been a malicious bad coder , he could have achieved the same effect by writing some obscure but irrelevant ( but relevant sounding ) comment instead of waiting for the transformation to occur by accident .
Doug Klunder says that he'd rather have no comment at all than a misleading one .
Obviously an enemy of bad coding .
Logistics
More pain can be caused by logistics than through any other element of code design .
By logistics , I mean the actual mechanism involved in putting a change into a piece of executing code .
This can involve editors , compilers , linkers , downloaders , debuggers , automatic build tools ( e.g. make ) and any other tool you might think of to involve .
To a certain extent , the more tools involved , the more painful it is to work on a piece of code .
But some tools actually do help .
If the objective is to write bad code , the help they give should be minimized and undermined at every turn .
The makefile is one of the most effective .
For example , using the same dependency list for every object file , whether it uses a particular include file or structure or not .
will cause you to recompile everything , whether what you changed effected it or not .
The people who use a " master include file " which includes everything all the time have added their support to this little element of bad coding .
The monolithic precompiled header is of course exactly the same thing .
Notice that this produces much of the effect of coupling without the bad code artist actually having to write any coupled code .
Object Oriented Languages , particularly C++ , contribute greatly to this effect .
In order to add a private method ( or member ) to a class , you need to modify the include file .
In order to use any method of the class , you need to include the include file .
So even with a well written makefile , you need to recompile a lot of stuff when all you 've actually changed is completely encapsulated !
For the bad code writer , this is a big improvement over the predecessor language C , where if you write a private function , nothing needs to be recompiled except the module that contains the private function .
There are efforts afoot to build compilers which are able to figure out the true dependencies and avoid this spurious overhead .
The bad coders of the world must unite to put down this sacrilege !
( a non sarcastic aside : the single best feature of C++ ( and apart from inlining and // comments , perhaps the only good feature of C++ ) is that because all procedures are defined with CLASSNAME :: ProcName it 's very easy to find the definition with a text editor .
By including the colons in the search , you only get a few of uses of the function )
One of my personal favorites is the spurious use of tools advertised as labor saving .
One of the best examples is in the area of writing compiler front ends .
For the last dozen or so years , one of the popular bad coding fads is to use so - called compiler compilers .
These tools mostly use a technology called LALR ( 1 ) ( see the section on obscurity ) and when given a language description with imbedded actions written in a host language , produces a parser for the language with the actions invoked at the appropriate place .
This sounds pretty simple , and many of those cretins who think that the goal is to write good code jumped on the bandwagon .
Of course , none of the academics who invented LALR had ever written a compiler for a language with more than a few dozen productions in it , or for a user community that they could n't count on the fingers of one hand .
When people started using it to write compilers for real programmers to use , they found that the underlying tables grew exponentially .
But then some bad c oders noticed that they were sparse and they added a compression algorithm that made it run in exponential time , instead of exponential space .
Then some other bad coders discovered that the error messages were terrible , so instead of leaving bad enough alone , the added some extremely obscure code to make error messages that were negligibly better .
Then they discovered that the output file ( a machine generated program which implements the parser described ) had become too big to compile , and they split it up .
Now any good coder would know that to minimize coupling , you 'd split things by function : the syntax and semantics for a given construct together , and the syntax and semantics for a different construct in a different place .
But because they were using a tool , the bad coders cut the syntax from the semantics , almost perfectly perpendicular to what a good coder would have done , and maximized the coupling across the dividing line .
A masterpiece of bad code , and many of the most popular compilers used to day do it !
Unmaintainable , slow , terrible error handling , complicated logistics , obscure .... LALR 's got it all !
Perhaps the best part is that using the traditional recursive descent technology , parsers are simple , fast , handle errors well , easy to write and maintain , and are a pretty small part of the typical compiler .
LALR not only was done by bad coders , it can make bad coders out of good ones !
These guys are stars of the bad code art !
Portability
Portability can describe a number of things .
If a source tree can be used to build the same program on a number of different machines , but using the same processor and operating system , one level of portabilty has been achieved .
A higher level is to be able to vary the operating system or the processor .
There are many aspects to this : byte and word order , the machines native word size , arcane memory structures ( such as segmentation ) and finally , operating system incompatibilities .
Byte and word order and size are pretty hard to make much trouble with .
Most of the fun is to be had in file formats , which is discussed in a separate chapter .
But there still some tricks to be played .
For example , using the same data object for several different things ... sometines as an array of bytes , sometimes as an array of larger integers ( or even as floating point ! ) and changing the current representation without changing data .
This is a wonderful trick for the bad coder , because not only does it make the code precarious and unportable , but it also screws up the compiler 's optimizations because it has a property known as " aliasing " .
Another trick to screw up portabilty is amazingly common .
The langauge C has two logical sorts of integers : ones which have a specific size ( signed and unsigned char , short and long ) , and ones which are based on the word size of the machine ( int and unsigned int ) .
The language guarantees that int will be at least as long as a short , but no more .
So the bad coder working on a 32 bit platform should naturally use " int " for all that stuff that needs a 32 bits to work right , and " long " for all those things which tend to be limited by the machine , such as array indicies and other sorts of counters .
This is just the opposite of what a good coder would do .
The higher level things described , such as memory architecture and operating system compatibilities , are much more powerful , because they can affect the program at a much higher ( and therefor more abstract ) level .
Design something into the architecture of the program which is fundimentally based on some operating system structure which is present in no other operating system .
If you 're on a segmented machine , build the availability of cheap movement of segment sized chunks of memory into your design .
When you get to a machine with a flat memory model , your program will run slooooowly .
File Formats
The worst damage that can be done to portability is in the area of file formats .
Dirty tricks in file formats have so much potential that they deserve a section on their own .
All of the platform dependant stuff is a natural .
You can build a dependency on a particular platform 's byte order , and then when you try to read it in on a platform with a different byte order , wierd stuff happens .
Packing issues are effective too .
Most machines need to align data words on machine word boundaries .
But these often vary : 16 bit machines need 16 bit alignment , and 32 bit machines need 32 bit alignment .
Some even require more , and a few require none at all .
So defining a particular packing into a file , we can make it tricky to port .
Of course , by the simple expedient of file accessors , the file format can be isolated in such a way that a good coder can undermine our hard work .
But remember that accessor functions can be a double edged sword .
Build up a towering , precarious , and most of all , obscure dependency structure among these accessors and you 're right back into bad code .
There are a number of ways to achieve this , such as complicated interrelations between parts of the file that are not adjacent in any apparent way ( see the section on Locality -- the most effective apprach for this is to actually put the pieces in different physical files ) .
But the most effective approach is versioning .
Versioning is simply the necessary fact that file formats change a little bit ( and sometimes a lot ) from version to version of the program .
The new version is generally required to read the old versions , so you can bury lots of magic in the code to recognize these distinctions .
A good coder will make a careful decision and implement low level version issues in the low level accessors , and high level isssues at the higher level .
So a bad coder should do just the opposite .
Generally it 's difficult ( but by no means impossible ) to get low level stuff to a very high level , but pushing high level issues towards the bottom is really powerful , and it generally results in tremendous duplication of similar , but obscurely different pieces of code .
There are other file format issues that bear on bad code too .
For example , you can make a format which is extremely wasteful .
for example , the famous WINMAIL.DAT format encodes 256 color bitmaps and 18 color icons with 16 bits per pixel .
8 bits per pixel would have been ample .
You can also simply be redundant .
The popular DBF format maintains the length of each field at least twice , as well as keeping a separate position within the record .
Since the records are all consecutive , the accessor function could have simply added up the lengths and figured out where the fields were ,
This requires a database which wants to change the sizes of a field to update all of these pieces separately .
Excellent bad code .
Of course , the darnned good coders keep finding ways to minimize this stuff .
For example , they 've been putting compression schemes into the file system , so even though these wasteful formats are still pointlessly difficult to manipulate , they do n't actually waste much of the disk .
But the bad coders still have a way to fight back .
The compression schemes rely on highly regular patterns in the data to achieve their ends .
By doing something to obscure these regularities , we can undermine it .
The best way known to man is called " Data Encryption " .
The people designing data encryption schemes are trying to do precisely what we want , which is to make data difficult to read by the uninitiated .
Of course all you need to become initiated is a password , but the file system compression scheme certainly does n't have that .
Encryption changes the regularities in a file and makes them appear like random noise .
The more effective the encryption scheme , the more random it appears .
One of my personal favorite tricks with file formats is to get so good at reading the bits that the original coder just looks at them with a hex dumper .
Of course the next guy along is going to need a tool to make heads or tails of it .
Gotcha !
There is one file format that bad coders need to be warned against , and that is human readable formats .
Since text files are represented in a way which is extremely easy to move from one platform to another , it undermines our goal of being nonportable .
Since the " language " described by a human readable file format is almost always extensible in obvious , regular , easily understood ways , it undermines our versioning tricks .
As long as it's not encrypted , human readable files are easily compressed , often quite a lot .
Of course the need for a special dumper is zero .
Uncompressed , they are a relatively inefficient way to store stuff , but unless the designer of the text format is very bad ( one of us bad coders ! ) , it 's rarely worse than a factor of two or three .
The one place that the bad coder can screw up a human readable format is in the reading and writing of it .
Since it 's built up of more abstract pieces , a parser is required .
A simple recursive descent parser is very easy to write and with a well written lexical phase can be extremely fast , so even here , bad coders have their work cut out for them .
But by the simple expedient of writing it badly , the simplest parser can be made an obscure knot of indecipherable gobletygook , and the lexer can be cripplingly slow .
Of course , it takes some skill to do these simple things badly enough to achieve our ends while getting them to work at all , but it 's been achieved many times .
Modifications
Oct 94 Many updates
Feb 6 95 added file format examples and footers
Mar 3 96 minor gramatical improvements , and added this modification history
Dec 96 Translated to html
Dec 29 , 96 Typographic improvements , added section on inheritance .
Ain't I a stinker ?
Vim - the ubiquitous text editor
persistent , multi - level undo tree
extensive plugin system
support for hundreds of programming languages and file formats
powerful search and replace
integrates with many tools
News Vim 8.2.1770 is the current version
VimConf 2020 online
Since the normal VimConf was cancelled because of the pandemic , others organised an online version .
This happened in the weekend of September 5 .
You can now find most of the talks on YouTube .
See the conference website .
Note that each speaker had its own way of recording , the quality is mixed .
( Bram Moolenaar )
old but still useful videos
Not much news has appeared here for a while , so let 's dig up some old stuff !
The talk about Vim's 25th birthday can be found here .
It gives a nice overview of how Vim became what it is now .
A much older talk , but about stuff that never gets old is 7 Habits For Effective Text Editing .
Anybody who spends more than an hour a day editing text should watch it .
I recently discovered a University lecture about Vim here .
It 's amazing how many Vim tutorials can be found on Youtube .
( Bram Moolenaar )
Vim 8.2 is released
More than a year after 8.1 and 2424 patches : Here is 8.2 !
You can read the announcement on this page .
Main new feature is support for Popup windows .
To show it off a silly game was created .
Happy Vimming !
( Bram Moolenaar )
Vim :
The power tool for everyone !
See pictures of Bram 's latest visit to Uganda on Google Photos .
Read the visit report on the ICCF website .
Recent Script Updates 5,756 scripts , 15,818,651 downloads
unintellisense.vim : A plugin that generates + inserts a random variable name into the editor ( 1.0.0 ) Initial upload - Ryan Michalec Colortemplate : The Toolkit for Color Scheme Designers ! ( 2.1.0 ) The toolkit for color scheme developers !
What 's new : 1 . 🎨 The Style Picker : edit color schemes in real - time directly within Vim !
2 . 🎬 Import function to generate a template from any color scheme : you do n't need to start from scratch !
3 . 🐞 Bug fixes .
Bring your color schemes to another level !
- Lifepillar vim-readonly : Automatically set readonly option on specific files .
( 1.2 ) +
Fix performance issue ( startup time ) - Y. Choi awk.vim : Indenting for AWK script ( 2.0 ) update : Redesigned version 2 - Clavelito Cla mkdx.vim :
Adds useful mappings for working with markdown files ( 1.10.0 ) - Add : mkdx#gf_visual function which mimicks mkdx #gf using visually selected text ( # 119 ) - Add : opt - in support for TOML and JSON frontmatter and settings to control which syntax is supported .
- Add : feature to renumber numbered list items with tab / shift+tab ( # 113 ) - Fix : eager - load settings to ensure settings are properly initialized before loading a markdown file ( # 125 by @victorkristof ) - Fi ... - Sidney Liebrand more recent | most downloaded | top rated
Lord Birt , the prime minister 's " blue skies thinker " and former BBC director general , last night challenged the " tabloidisation " of British intellectual life and said the media had become too reliant on " easy cruelty " and " the desire to humiliate " .
Delivering the keynote MacTaggart lecture at the Media Guardian Edinburgh international television festival , he seized on the trend for celebrities to front documentaries and factual programmes .
" Let us not tabloidise our intellectual life .
Let 's skew the balance back towards scholarship ...
Leave the celebrities for the jungle . "
Picking up the threads of arguments he has doggedly sustained throughout a career that took him from LWT to the BBC , he called for " more truth and beauty " in broadcasting .
Lord Birt claimed that the media was still too superficial in its political reporting and " obsessed not with policy but with personality " .
And , in a criticism that echoes those elements of the Labour government who blame the media for the surge in political apathy among the electorate , he said he was " weary of cynicism " .
" Public service broadcasting would serve the nation better if it shifted the balance of its political journalism towards depth of analysis ; towards insight and substance ; towards honest , patient inquiry . "
He also singled out television drama for criticism .
He said that while drama was " perfectly professional " , much of it was uninspiring and unfulfilling .
Viewers now had to look to the cinema for " the raw author 's voice " in films such as Alex Payne 's Sideways and Paul Haggis 's Crash .
" Today 's drama practitioners ought to rent a great skip and throw away the stereotypes and the formulae , " he urged , in his first major speech on broadcasting since he left the BBC five years ago .
Twelve years after the late Dennis Potter stood on the same podium and lambasted Lord Birt as a " croak - voiced dalek " who was destroying the soul of the BBC , the peer used the speech to draw a comparison between his contribution to the corporation 's legacy and that of its founder , Lord Reith .
Given the pace of technological change and the impending shift to digital TV by 2012 , he identified an " intensifying threat to the UK's extraordinarily successful tradition of public service broadcasting " .
He predicted the death of ITV as a public service broadcaster " in any meaningful sense " , in a world where it was losing share to multichannel rivals .
Meanwhile , Channel 4 would need financial help to face " a tide that can not be held back " - likely to be taken as a coded argument for the BBC to share its licence fee with C4 .
Laying out his policy vision to preserve public service broadcasting in a multichannel age , he warned that Channel 4 faced extinction unless policy makers came up with a radical new model to fund it .
He called for a " brand new model " to sustain public service competition with the BBC in the digital world .
Lord Birt said that the corporation " has at times become transfixed by its commercial competition and paid insufficient attention to the need to serve its many different audiences " .
Lord Birt led the BBC for eight years from December 1992 , during which time he faced criticism for his management style , but was also seen as securing the corporation 's legacy with a generous licence fee settlement and the launch of digital channels and websites .
Last night , he boasted of " taking a bloated and wasteful institution and halving its costs in 10 years " , " positioning the BBC for the digital age while other broadcasters dozed " and persuading Margaret Thatcher not to break up the corporation .
Lord Birt revealed that after 18 years , he had repaired his feud with the BBC chairman , Michael Grade .
Thirteen Guitars
The connotation of the term " Web 2.0 " is that the Web is a piece of software in its second major version .
The term implies that there was a version 1.0 and that there will probably be a version 3.0 .
So I find myself wanting to ask the kind of questions I normally ask when I see a software product at version 2.0 :
What is the feature set of the current version ?
What are its known bugs ?
What can I expect from the next version ?
When will the next version be available ?
I could certainly respond to these questions by writing about some of the very positive things I see on the Web today .
The Web is incredible !
Remember back when the " What 's New " page at NCSA was a listing of basically every site on the Web ?
We 've come a long way .
There are some amazing things happening in this version of the Web .
But right now I 'm in a " glass half empty " sort of mood .
When I look at the state of the Web today , one big thing jumps out at me :
The defining characteristic of this version of the Web is the people who are ruining it .
This past weekend I was bidding on a guitar on eBay .
Shortly before the auction ended , I received email from the seller offering to end the auction early .
Believing that the seller was trying to do something unethical , I stopped bidding and somebody else won .
Only later did I realize that the email was actually sent by someone impersonating the seller .
The auction was apparently legit .
Shortly after the auction ended , I received a " Second Chance " offer from the seller .
This time I was more discerning of the fraud .
Like the first one , this email was not really from the seller .
And then I received two more of these Second Chance offers .
And then in morning I got three more .
At last count , I have received email from 13 different people offering to sell me the guitar I did not win .
The laughable part of this story is that the manufacturer only made 12 of this particular model .
There are exactly 12 of these guitars on the planet and I 've got 13 people offering to sell me one ! :-)
I did n't actually give money to any of the 13 crooks who tried to cheat me .
I 'm not really upset about losing the auction .
What distresses me here is that these 13 people won , and the rest of us lost :
I lost the chance to buy the guitar I wanted .
[ footnote 1 ]
The seller lost money .
I do n't know if I would have won the auction or not , but the seller would have received a higher price than he did .
e Bay lost credibility .
Every time fraud shows up in the proximity of an eBay auction , eBay 's reputation takes another hit .
I know I 'm not the first one to be shocked and frustrated about the presence of evil in the world .
Maybe I 'm just shouting at the rain , but sometimes a little shouting feels good , especially when this is just the tip of the iceberg .
There are many examples of fraud or vandalism on the Web today .
Here are just a few other obvious examples :
For Google 's advertising business , click fraud is out of control .
[ footnote 2 ]
For individual computers , viruses are out of control .
[ footnote 3 ]
For email , spam is out of control .
[ footnote 4 ]
I could go on with more examples , but you get the idea .
The Web today is enormous .
It is used by hundreds of millions of people , perhaps billions .
A small percentage of those people are causing a lot of damage .
I feel sad .
It seems like the current version of the Web has a flaw .
In the real world , it is always easier to destroy than to build , but this disparity seems to be magnified on the Web .
People who are actively working to make the Web a better place are climbing uphill pulling a heavy trailer .
Meanwhile , the spammers and fraudsters are coasting in their convertible with the top down .
I hope the next version of the Web has some improvements in this area .
However , I do n't have any solutions to offer right now .
I 'm just having one of those moments where a realization is hitting me hard :
These " evildoers " are becoming the primary influencers of my experience on the Web today .
[ footnote 5 ]
[ 1 ] Yes , the auction was partly my fault .
If I were more experienced with eBay , I would have been less gullible and would have continued bidding .
Next time , I will know better , but that 's still a workaround for the real bug .
[ 2 ] I 've read so many stories about click fraud lately that I do n't know which one to link .
More and more , I hear people saying that they no longer run their AdWords on the content network .
We do n't .
The content clicks were a major fraction of our AdWords spending , and we were getting no measurable value from them .
[ 3 ]
Yes , viruses pre-date the Web , but the Web has given them a more effective delivery vehicle .
BTW , three weeks ago I had to repave my machine because of a virus .
The Windows Malicious Software Removal Tool ( MSRT ) offered to remove the virus , and I said yes .
Unfortunately , its concept of removing the virus is simply to remove all the files which are infected .
The MSRT could have saved me a lot of time by simply popping up a dialog box that said , " Your system is irretrievably fouled up .
Get some coffee , back up your files , and reformat the hard disk . "
[ 4 ]
The guy who administers our network at SourceGear told me recently that less than five percent of the mail we receive is legitimate .
BTW , I think we need to stop saying that the spammers only continue because they make money doing it .
Virus writers do n't make money .
They write viruses simply for the joy of causing harm to others .
I do n't see much reason to believe that spam would stop if the financial incentive were magically removed somehow .
[ 5 ]
And who are these evildoers anyway ?
Considering the enormous impact they have on the Web today , it seems wrong for them to be so invisible .
Why are n't they blogging ?
The next time you want to get your man in the mood for love , ditch the smelly perfumes or colognes and bake him a pumpkin pie instead .
And if your love interest is a woman , popping some Good and Plenty candy in her mouth is an instant turn - on for her .
Those are a few of the surprising findings reported in the new book , " What 's Your Food Sign ?
How to Use Food Clues to Find Lasting Love , " written by psychiatrist Dr. Alan R. Hirsch .
For nearly two decades , Hirsch , the neurological director of the Smell and Taste Treatment and Research Foundation in Chicago , has offered helpful hints about how smell and taste affect aspects of our lives , from body odor and weight loss to sex .
Now Hirsch has used scientific research to tackle love and romantic compatibility as they relate to our favorite foods .
" Food is a Rorschach Test of personality , " says Hirsch , who completed a study in which food preferences were used to decipher personality types and romantic compatibility .
More than 18,600 Chicago - area residents underwent a battery of common psychological tests to determine their personality type .
Then participants were asked questions about their food preferences .
Researchers discovered a correlation between food preferences and personality types .
When researchers questioned participants ' spouses of more than one year , they also were able to pinpoint love matches and romantic compatibility .
" We are leaving our personality fingerprints all the time with everything we do from the way we comb our hair , or the style of shoes we wear to the model of car we drive , " he says .
" But we never really developed a method of decoding those clues . "
The book breaks out foods , tastes and scents by the meals of the day and other dating situations , such as meeting for coffee , ice - cream and happy hour .
Feeding the heart and mind are some of these pearls of wisdom :
Ambitious , independent types go for " serious " cereals , such as Raisin Bran , while the one - day - at - a - time folks reach for the kid stuff , like Lucky Charms .
The date who orders an iced mocha is lively , dramatic and seductive while the chai latte drinker may be stressed - out , cranky and pessimistic .
Favorite cheese shapes are also tell - tale .
Cube - lovers are detail - oriented perfectionists .
The free - spirited , extroverts like cheese shaped in stars and moons .
And the sliced - types are competitive , natural leaders .
A food is not just a food , according to Hirsch .
When we eat , we are fulfilling an emotional need that pinpoints personality .
Attorneys have used Hirsch 's techniques during jury selection .
Employers interviewing job applicants during lunch have been known to use the clues as well to pinpoint compatibility .
Q : How did you come up with this research idea ?
Hirsch : I discovered it while treating patients who had lost their sense of smell due to head trauma .
After their accidents , not only did their food preferences change , but their personalities changed as well .
It was logical to assume that the two were interconnected in some way .
From there , we conducted a study about how odors could help facilitate weight loss .
During that study , we found that women craved chocolate during different points in their menstrual cycle to stave off depression .
This made me think :
If women craved chocolate when they were mildly depressed , does that mean that other kinds of cravings are indicative of their personalities or moods at any given time ?
Q : Would n't this information be a little hard to swallow for today 's savvy dater ?
A : It actually makes a lot of sense given what we know about how the brain works .
The part of the brain that 's involved with food preferences ( the olfactory lobe ) is part of the limbic system , " the emotional brain , " where personality resides .
Food preferences develop between infancy and age 7 , which is the same time personality develops in humans .
That makes it plausible that food preferences and personality are interconnected in some way .
Q : Why would a singleton need these types of clues while dating ?
A : When you first meet someone on a date , you put your best face forward .
You may think that the person you are dating is a good person .
But three months later , you inevitably end up saying to yourself , " Who is this person ? "
No one can keep this mask on forever .
In time , your true self comes out .
By using these different personality clues , you can get a better sense of who that person really is .
Q : How are we supposed to remember what it means if your date orders a drink with raspberry vodka or if it was actually the thrill - seeker or the wallflower who preferred the solid chocolate bunny over the hollow chocolate bunny ?
A : I wrote the book and I can't remember them all either .
For me , I had to memorize one of two quizzes for the social experiences I 'm most likely to have with people , while they are eating snack food , ice cream or eating pizza .
People who go out to bars might want to memorize the vodka preferences , while someone who takes his date out to Starbucks would want to memorize the coffee preferences .
Q : Which preferences and personality markers surprised you the most ?
A : For instance , we thought that people who preferred vanilla ice cream would be indicative of someone who was blah and bland , or that someone who like chili would be spicier .
We found the exact opposite .
People who liked vanilla were lively , energetic and the life of the life of the party .
Chili - lovers were more introverted .
Our postdoc theories were that maybe , if you already have it in your personality , you do n't seek it in your food .
Maybe it means that the vanilla lover is already overstimulated , and so the food becomes a stabilizer that helps calm them down .
Q : So when it comes to sexual arousal , feeding your girl a handful of Good and Plenty would work better than wearing Armani's Acqua di Gio ?
A : We found that when we measured vaginal blood flow , Good and Plenty and cucumber was the No. 1 scent that caused arousal .
In men , penal blood flow was stoked by lavender and pumpkin pie .
We came up with several theories , but the best one was evolutionary in nature .
Our ancestors would wander around independently in the forest and congregate at points of a food kill .
That 's when we had the best chance of finding a mate and procreating .
There may have been a select advantage to having increasing penile and vaginal blood flow in response to foods .
Judith Miller Is Exactly Who You Think She Is
This is from the new book Hubris by Michael Isikoff and David Corn :
On the eve of war in Washington , journalists and others gathered at a cocktail party at the home of Philip Taubman , the Washington bureau chief of the New York Times ... Judy Miller was one of several Times reporters there , and she seemed excited .
Another journalist present asked if she was planning to head over to Iraq to cover the invasion .
Miller , according to the other guest , could barely contain herself .
" Are you kidding ? " she asked .
" I 've been waiting for this war for ten years .
I would n't miss it for the world ! "
I see .
Miller got herself a special embedding deal with one of the military teams searching for banned weapons .
She then immediately wrote one of the most notoriously stupid stories ever to appear in the New York Times .
( It was about how she was allowed to look at from a distanceÃ ƒÂ ¢ Ã¢â€ šÂ¬Ã¢â‚ ¬Âbut not meet or interviewÃƒÂ ¢ Ã¢â€ šÂ¬Ã¢â‚ ¬Âan Iraqi wearing a baseball cap who purportedly said ( 1 ) Iraq was bursting at the seams with WMD , ( 2 ) Saddam and Osama were Best Friends Forever , and ( 3 ) Saddam was jealous of George Bush because Bush is so handsome . )
Here 's what the U.S. government thought of her , according to Hubris :
Judy Miller " is probably the best ally we have out there in the media , " Colonel Richard McPhee , the commander of the 75th Exploitation Task Force told one of the unit 's public affairs officers , Sergeant Eugene Pomeroy , according to an email Pomeroy sent to a colleague .
And what does Miller have to say about that story today ?
Asked about the baseball - cap story several years later , Miller told the authors of this book , " I wo n't talk about the baseball - cap guy . "
Judith Miller was employed by the New York Times for twenty - eight years .
Cory Doctorow recently linked to this fascinating email from Jon Callas , the CTO of PGP corporation .
In it , Jon describes the impossibility of brute force attacks on modern cryptography :
Modern cryptographic systems are essentially unbreakable , particularly if an adversary is restricted to intercepts .
We have argued for , designed , and built systems with 128 bits of security precisely because they are essentially unbreakable .
It is very easy to underestimate the power of exponentials .
2^128 is a very big number .
Burt Kaliski first came up with this characterization , and if he had a nickel for every time I tell it , he could buy a latte or three .
Imagine a computer that is the size of a grain of sand that can test keys against some encrypted data .
Also imagine that it can test a key in the amount of time it takes light to cross it .
Then consider a cluster of these computers , so many that if you covered the earth with them , they would cover the whole planet to the height of 1 meter .
The cluster of computers would crack a 128 - bit key on average in 1,000 years .
If you want to brute - force a key , it literally takes a planet - ful of computers .
And of course , there are always 256 - bit keys , if you worry about the possibility that government has a spare planet that they want to devote to key - cracking .
Each additonal bit doubles the number of keys you have to test in a brute force attack , so by the time you get to 128 or 256 bits , you have a staggeringly large number of potential keys to test .
The classic illustration of this exponential growth is the fable of the mathematician , the king , and the chess board :
There is an old Persian legend about a clever courtier who presented a beautiful chessboard to his king and requested that the king give him in return 1 grain of rice for the first square on the board , 2 grains of rice for the second square , 4 grains for the third , and so forth .
The king readily agreed and ordered rice to be brought from his stores .
By the fortieth square a million million rice grains had to be brought from the storerooms .
The king 's entire rice supply was exhausted long before he reached the sixty - fourth square .
Exponential increase is deceptive because it generates immense numbers very quickly .
By the time you get to that 32nd chessboard square , you 're facing a very large number indeed .
However , 2^32 is n't necessarily a very large set of keys when you 're performing a brute force attack with a worldwide distributed network of computers .
Such as the RC5 distributed computing project .
Here 's what they 've done so far :
a 56 - bit key was cracked in 250 days .
key was cracked in 250 days .
a 64 - bit key was cracked in 1,757 days .
key was cracked in 1,757 days .
a 72 - bit key is still being cracked ; 1,316 days so far with 379,906 days remaining .
The earliest 56 - bit challenge , which ended in 1997 , tested keys at a rate of 1.6 million per second .
The ongoing 72 - bit challenge is currently testing keys at the rate of 139.2 million per second .
We 're testing keys 88 times faster than we were 10 years ago , through natural increases in computing power and additional computers added to the distributed computing network .
And yet the RC5 - 72 project still has 1,040 years to go before they test the entire keyspace .
Remember , that 's for a lousy 72 - bit key !
If we want to double the amount of time the brute force attack will take , all we need to do is tack on one teeny , tiny little bit to our key .
73 - bit key ?
2,080 years .
74 - bit key ?
4,160 years .
It 's painfully clear that a brute force attack on even a 128 bit key is a fool 's errand .
Even if you 're using a planet covered with computers that crack keys at the speed of light .
If you 're a smart attacker , you already know that brute force key attacks are strictly for dummies with no grasp of math or time .
There are so many other vulnerabilities that are much , much easier to attack :
Rootkits
Social engineering
Keyloggers
Obtain the private key file and attack the password on it
Of course , beyond ruling out brute force attacks , I 'm barely scratching the surface here .
Jon Callas ' Black
Hat conference presentation Hacking PGP ( pdf ) goes into much more detail , if you 're interested .
Since 2001 Cocoa Dev Central has been one of the most popular sites devoted to Mac OS X programming
AHAH : Asynchronous HTML and HTTP
AHAH is a very simple technique for dynamically updating web pages using JavaScript .
It involves using XMLHTTPRequest to retrieve ( X) HTML fragments which are then inserted directly into the web page , whence they can be styled using CSS .
Contributors
Questions
Has anyone considered working with browser vendors to have them support client - side includes ?
This way , markup like < div src=" hello-world.txt " /> would just work .
This avoids the need for client side script and ensures the browser can correctly manage connections , caching , authentication , etc .
For backwards compatibility , you could create a little javascript utility to scan for all occurrences of tags like this , queue up the requests and let the content flow in after the page was loaded .
I have a little csi.js utility that does this and it 's pretty handy .
||
Yes , Div Includes is a good concept ( fraught with all the usual security issues ) , but the real power of includes is when they are used dynamically in response to user interaction .
For purely static pages it is much more efficient to have the server create them using something like shtml or php .
The ability to create / update a Div include via JS is where this proposed technique would be a fantastic improvement on the mess that we have now .
Okay , maybe this is a dumb question , but I do n't understand why this is called AHAH instead of AJAH .
AHAH still uses the same XMLHttpRequest JavaScript functionality as AJAX , so why drop the J?
AJAX uses the same HTTP functionality as AHAH , so why add the H ?
Have I misunderstood what is actually happening ?
( You are right of course , but Ahah ! == Eureka !!! and AJah = ?)
Relation to AJAX
AHAH is intended to be a much simpler way to do web development than AJAX : " Asynchronous JavaScript and XML . "
Strictly speaking , AHAH can be considered a subset of AJAX , since ( X) HTML is just a special kind of XML .
However , it is a subset with some very specific and useful properties :
The lack of custom XML schemas dramatically reduces design time AHAH can trivially reuse existing HTML pages , avoiding the need for a custom web service
All data transport is done via browser - friendly HTML , easing debugging and testing
The HTML is designed to be directly embedded in the page 's DOM , eliminating the need for parsing As HTML , designers can format it using CSS , rather than programmers having to do XSLT transforms
Processing is all done on the server , so the client - side programming is essentially nil ( moving opaque bits )
In fact , for any content that is destined to be viewed by the browser , it is virtually impossible to imagine any advantage to sending it as custom XML rather than structurally - correct HTML ( with appropriate CSS - friendly class names , of course ) .
That said , many applications of AJAX are ( at least in theory ) targeteable at custom JavaScript code or desktop GUIs rather than mere browsers .
For those cases , the advantages of HTML over custom XML are somewhat less .
However , even here , it may well make sense to encode data using XOXO 1.0 : Extensible Open XHTML Outlines -- aka XHTML Property Lists -- which can be losslessly converted back and forth from standard data structures ( lists and dictionaries ) without the need for custom parsers .
Source Code
Unlike the various libraries ( e.g. , JSON , MochiKit ) important for AJAX , all of AHAH is contained in a single JavaScript file ( also available as ahah.js and jah.js ) .
In fact , this is little more than the canonical XMLHttpRequest example , and is simple enough for any modern web designer to embed within their existing web pages .
NOTE : The example ahah .js mentioned here has the unfortunate requirement ( if the delay argument is not undefined ) that url , target , delay must be global variables ( which makes one wonder why they are passed as parameters .... ) .
If you do n't want to use globals , and want this to actually work , use something like : setTimeout ( ' ahah ( " ' + url + ' " , " ' + target + ' " , ' + delay + ' ) ' , delay ) ;
Fair warning .
Send AHAH Request and Deal with the Response
function ahah ( url , target Id , onDone ) { var targetElement = document.getElementById(targetId ) ; targetElement.innerHTML
= " Loading data ... " ; var request = window .
ActiveXObject ? new ActiveXObject (' Microsoft.XMLHTTP ') : new XMLHttprequestuest ( ) ; request.onreadystatechange = function ( ) { if ( request.readyState !=
4 ) { //not " OK " status return ; } if ( request.status != 200 && request.status != 304 ) { targetElement.innerHTML
= " ahah error :
" + request.statusText ; return ; } targetElement.innerHTML
= request.responseText ; on Done && onDone ( ) ; //exists ? then trigger } request.open ( " GET " , url , true ) ; request.send ( ) ; }
Note the workaround needed for IE 's ActiveX implementation .
The current version hard - codes GET ; there may be value in adding an extra parameter to allow POST , PUT , and DELETE .
The last optional parameter allows you to pass a callback that will be executed after successful request .
Aside from error checking , inner function simply splices response into the current page : targetElement.innerHTML
= request.responseText .
Everything else ( e.g. , CSS - styling ) is merely inherited from the parent webpage .
Executing Javascript
Since the browser wo n't execute < script > tags when changing innerHTML , you may want to apply the following function call on document.getElementById( target ) :
var bSaf = ( navigator.userAgent.indexOf ( ' Safari ' ) != - 1 ) ; var bOpera = ( navigator.userAgent.indexOf ( ' Opera ' ) != - 1 ) ; var bMoz = ( navigator.appName == ' Netscape ' ) ; function execJS ( node ) { var st = node.getElementsByTagName(' SCRIPT ') ; var strExec ; for ( var i=0 ;i< st.length ; i++) { if ( bSaf ) { strExec = st[i ] .innerHTML ; } else if ( bOpera ) { strExec = st[ i ] . text ; } else if ( bMoz ) { strExec = st[ i ] .
textContent ; } else { strExec = st[ i ]. text ; } try { eval ( strExec.split( " <!--" ). join ( " " ) .split( " --> " ) .join ( " " ) ) ; } catch (e ) { alert(e ) ; } } }
JavaScript Notes :
IE always returns tags in UPPER CASE , so you must search for SCRIPT and not script .
Keep your SCRIPT tags in upper case for Firefox compatibility .
Do not use // comments , use /* */ instead .
The eval executes all your javascript as though it was on one line , so you must end each statement with a semicolon ( ; ) .
Any functions declared in your JavaScript will go out of scope once the eval statement completes .
It is possible to keep them in scope by attaching them as a method to a function that was defined at the document level .
Indexing
Another advantage of AHAH is that the dynamic XHTML content can be easily indexed by search engines ; this avoids the need to inline all the dynamic content as hidden divs , which would increase page load times .
The current best practice for doing this is to :
included < link > tags in < head > of the parent page , to reference the various URLs retrieved by AHAH
include < redirects > in the outer HTML of the AHAH page , so that search hits go to an appropriate anchor on the parent page
It is possible that some crawlers will automatically index the URLs in the JavaScript calls , if recognized as such ( e.g. , due to the " html " extension , or if it is an absolute URL ) , though it is not clear how well this would work .
One odd characteristic of responseText is that it appears to preserve ' meta ' and ' link ' tags ( though apparently not ' head ' itself ) .
This would potentially pollute the browser with illegal HTML , though since they 're empty tags it should n't affect rendering , and any real - world browsers can be counted on to safely ignore it .
One might want to add JavaScript to strip out the extra data , but that would likely be more overhead than it is worth ( unless there is sensitive data in there you do n't want curious source - viewers to see ) .
On the flip side , though , the preservation of meta tags allows the sending of additional key - value pairs , a la JSON .
True , it does n't support more complex data structures , but in many cases it will suffice , and it avoids the security concerns .
For more complex metadata , it is probably better to use XOXO 1.0 : Extensible Open XHTML Outlines ( perhaps with JSON conventions ) .
History
" AHAH " as a formal technique appears to have been introduced by Kevin Marks on May 12 , 2005 under the name JAH : " Just Asynchronous HTML " , where it was also used in a simple example .
The term " AHAH " was proposed by Ernest Prabhakar during the 2005 Web 2.0 conference , and later adopted as part of the REST - Enabled XHTML ( REX ) microformat for web services .
David Hansson had independently discovered the exact same concept , and in fact had already submitted an abstract about it for O'Reilly 's 2006 E - Tech conference when he encountered the work done by Marks and Prabhakar .
He had not however named the technique , and quickly agreed to adopt the AHAH moniker .
The same concept has no doubt been independently discovered by others , but these three appear to be the first to make a sustained attempt to promote it as a formal technique .
DIGG THIS
“ Joe , why are you doing this ? ”
That is a question Joe Lieberman will hear again and again from old friends , as he mounts his “ independent ” campaign for the Senate seat his own party voted on Tuesday to take away from him .
And there is no compelling answer Joe can give .
Joe insists he ’s a progressive Democrat in the mainstream of the party and has a voting record to prove it .
But Ned Lamont is a progressive ( i.e. , liberal ) Democrat , and the Connecticut party chose him as its Senate nominee , not Joe .
Joe could say Iraq is the dividing line and the critical issue facing America .
But Tuesday ’s primary was a referendum on Iraq , and the Connecticut Democratic Party voted to declare itself antiwar .
And Joe does not even intend to run as a war Democrat in November .
For he knows it would drive away an even larger share of the Democratic and independent vote than he lost on Tuesday .
But if he will not run as a principled pro-war senator , what , then , is the argument for re-electing Joe ?
For the transparent conclusion is that his independent campaign is simply about Joe ’s unwillingness to accept the verdict of his party and give up his cherished Senate seat .
Thus we find Joe declaring , in his concession speech where he announced his independent candidacy , that the true great divide between him and Ned Lamont is on the burning issue of — civility in politics .
“ I am , of course , disappointed by the results , ” said Joe .
“ I ’m disappointed not just because I lost , but because the old politics of partisan polarization won today .
For the sake of our state , our country and my party , I cannot and will not let that result stand . ”
Joe is running to save Connecticut and America from the savage politics of Ned Lamont ?
Joe is a nice and decent man , with many friends across this town , but this is just not sustainable .
First , it is a slur on the Democratic Party of Joe ’s home state , which bought into Lamont ’s supposedly low - road tactics .
Second , to strip votes from Lamont on the issue of his “ politics of partisan polarization , ” Joe will have to rip into the Democratic nominee for running a dirty and divisive campaign , which is certain to enrage all the Democrats working to elect Lamont .
Third , Lamont is a “ Pepperidge Farm ” candidate , in the witty phrase of columnist Mike Barnacle .
He did not call Joe a warmonger or a fascist , or run Willie Horton ads against him .
Fourth , if Lamont won only by McCarthyite tactics , how does Joe explain why every national and state Democrat — including Bill and Hillary Clinton and Al Gore — is hastening to endorse Lamont ?
What are the real reasons behind Joe ’s defeat ?
Like J. William Fulbright of Arkansas , dumped in a 1974 primary , a senator must beware of becoming so taken with his stature as a statesman that he loses touch with the home folks .
Second , pro-war and pro-Bush Democrats are an endangered species in deep blue states .
This is good news for Gore , an authentic antiwar Democrat and Mr. Global Warming , who will open with a pair of aces , if he enters the primaries .
John Kerry and John Edwards have already defected to the antiwar camp .
And Hillary ’s scourging of Don Rumsfeld and call for his resignation suggest the Clintons are not missing any signals .
But this week has also provided a glimpse into the character and convictions of our neo-conservatives , who claim direct descent from Ronald Reagan .
In a lead editorial , The Weekly Standard called on Bush to fire Rumsfeld and make Joe Lieberman secretary of defense .
And the Pentagon is only to be a stepping - stone .
Rhapsodizes editor William Kristol , “ Is it too fanciful to speculate about a 2008 ticket of McCain - Lieberman , or Guiliani - Lieberman … ? ”
In short , The Weekly Standard wishes to see , on a Republican ticket and a heartbeat away from the presidency , a proud liberal Democrat who supports partial - birth abortion , embryonic stem - cell research , gay rights , affirmative action , reparations for slavery , gun control , higher taxes on the top 2 percent , distribution of condoms in public schools and driver ’s licenses for illegal aliens .
What does Joe oppose ?
School prayer , the American Legion ’s flag amendment , Sam Alito , drilling in the ANWAR and any phase - out of death taxes .
Last year , Joe ’s rating by Americans for Democratic Action was 80 .
The ACLU gave him an 83 , the NAACP an 85 , the AFL - CIO a 92 , LULAC a perfect 100 .
In 2004 , Joe got a 100 rating from the National Abortion Rights Action League and a zero from National Right to Life .
His American Conservative Union rating was zero .
His Christian Coalition rating was zero .
The National Rifle Association , which grades by letters , gave Joe a big , fat “ F . ”
But as long as you support war in Lebanon , war in Iraq and a “ war - fighting Republican Party , ” in The Weekly Standard ’s phrase , you get a pass on everything else .
Beat the drum for permanent war for global democracy and against Islamo - fascism , and all other sins are forgiven you .
Such is the state of conservatism , 2006 .
Patrick J. Buchanan [ send him mail ] is co-founder and editor of The American Conservative .
He is also the author of seven books , including Where the Right Went Wrong , and A Republic Not An Empire .
The Best of Patrick J. Buchanan
The discovery of 22,740 marijuana plants growing in and around Point Reyes National Seashore last week was n't only the biggest pot seizure ever made in Marin County .
It was an environmental mess that will take several months and tens of thousands of dollars to clean up .
The crops seized on the steep hillsides overlooking Highway 1 were planted by sophisticated growers who cleared vegetation , terraced land , drew water from streams through miles of irrigation hoses and doused acres of land with hundreds of pounds of fertilizer and pesticides .
Such operations are turning up in greater numbers within state and national parks throughout California .
Federal officials estimate the state produces half of all the marijuana seized on public lands nationwide .
Officials at Point Reyes National Seashore have only begun to assess the resulting damage to an area that is habitat for the spotted owl , steelhead trout and coho salmon , and they said it could be months before they know the long - term implications for the ecosystem .
" We 've seen some really nasty damage , " National Park Service spokesman John Dell ' Osso said Tuesday .
" And there 's a very good possibility there are sites we have n't even found yet . "
Cultivating marijuana on land managed by the Park Service , the National Forest Service and other agencies is a multibillion - dollar industry .
So far this year , authorities have found more than 940,000 marijuana plants growing on state and federal land in the Golden State .
With the harvest season beginning , officials expect to find more pot farms and surpass last year 's haul of 1.1 million plants .
Federal officials believe as much as 80 percent of the marijuana on public land is grown by Mexican drug cartels that have turned to places like Point Reyes National Seashore , Sequoia - Kings Canyon National Park and Whiskeytown National Recreation Area in this era of tightened border security ; growing the drug here is far easier than smuggling it in .
The plants found in Point Reyes last week were valued at around $ 50 million , Dell ' Osso said .
The federal Office of National Drug Control policy estimates that growing 1 acre of marijuana damages 10 acres of land .
Repairing that land is a costly , time - consuming process , and because the National Park Service does not allocate money specifically for the task , the funds come from each park 's operating budget -- leaving less money for things like park programs and improvements .
" We have no budget for this , " Dell ' Osso said , noting that it is a problem " the powers - that - be need to start discussing . "
The pot seized last week was growing on six sites scattered along Bolinas Ridge between Stinson Beach and the Randall Trail just south of Olema .
About half of it was on land managed by the Marin Municipal Water District .
Marin County sheriff 's deputies discovered it during a routine aerial search .
Investigators have not made any arrests .
Lt. Scott Anderson of the Marin County Sheriff 's Department said the pot farm 's similarities to those found in other national parks suggests it was the work of a Mexican cartel that probably employed undocumented immigrants .
The sites in Marin County are tucked away in remote canyons , sheltered beneath madrone and oak trees and surrounded by thick brush hacked away haphazardly .
Trees have been stripped of their limbs to make room for the plants , leaving only a canopy of branches to hide the illicit crop .
Irrigation hoses as long as a mile each drew water from pools dug into the ground and fed by the springs and streams that course through the Tomales Bay watershed .
The steep hillsides have been terraced , much like a vineyard , and are dotted with hundreds of deep holes that held as many as four marijuana plants apiece .
The land is littered with empty 50 - pound bags of fertilizer and gallon jugs of pesticide .
Investigators believe as many as three people tended each plot , and the amount of trash -- empty soda and beer cans , food wrappers , propane canisters and clothing -- suggests they 'd been living there for at least several weeks but fled before officials reached the site .
Authorities found animal traps , pellet guns and a rabbit hutch , leading them to believe the growers hunted for food .
With the last of the crops cleared away , park officials have begun assessing the damage .
Once the trash is removed , the biggest priority will be protecting the land with straw and new ground cover to prevent the winter rains from washing it away .
Beyond that , though , it 's not yet known exactly what must be done to restore the land and what it will cost .
Sequoia - King 's Canyon National Park has spent more than $ 72,000 during the past two years to clean up 81 cultivation sites that covered 10 acres , said Athena Demetry , a restoration ecologist at the park .
Authorities have seized more than 100,000 marijuana plants within Sequoia - King 's Canyon since 2004 .
The latest seizure came Aug. 9 , when authorities found 2,152 marijuana plants growing within view of Moro Rock , a popular park destination .
Over the course of six weeks during the winter of 2005 and 2006 , park rangers hauled almost 5 tons of trash and debris out of the park , removed 13 miles of irrigation hose , and repaired deep cuts and terraces made to 35 hillsides , Demetry said .
Empty bags and bottles revealed the growers used at least 8,031 pounds of fertilizer , 15 pounds of rodenticide and 7.6 gallons of pesticide .
An additional 80 grow sites still must be repaired .
" We chose the sites that are easiest to reach and did those first , " she said .
" The ones that are left to do are more remote , and on steeper terrain . "
Demetry said the land will recover quickly as new vegetation grows but the effect on wildlife will be harder to measure .
No one knows how much fertilizer and pesticide is polluting the land , or how much of it made its way into the streams that feed the East Fork of Kaweah River .
" It 's got a huge impact on the stream ecology , " she said .
" It has the potential to ripple through the food chain . "
Park rangers have for years stumbled upon small stands of marijuana , but the problem has exploded within the past five years and reached a point where they 're having difficulty keeping up , Demetry said .
Although individual cultivation sites rarely cover more than an acre , the growers have taken to scattering them over hundreds of acres to evade detection .
That , she said , spreads the destruction over a far broader area , with far graver results .
" When we first saw them , we thought they were pretty small , " she said .
" But then we realized how many there were , and it became staggering .
And there 's a lot more out there . "
“ I ’d like to change the world ” said British designer Vivienne Westwood ( pictured right ) .
The queen of tartan is largely responsible for the new wave of modern punk fashions that began in 1970s London , and is in New York to introduce her limited - edition collection for the US shoe retailer Nine West .
“ It ’s a way to come to America , ” she told ELLE.com .
“ Now people have to come to England to buy my stuff .
And everybody can buy thisâ € ” it ’s affordable , ” she said before urging , “ get what you canâ € ” it ’s four shoes , boots and two bags . ”
She is the first designer off the rank in Nine West ’s Project Front Row , and will be joined by Thakoon in October and Sophia Kokosalaki in November who have also created collections for the top 20 Nine West stores and 40 Macy ’s stores in the USA and the Nine West website .
With pieces on sale for a fraction of what you would normally pay for a Vivienne Westwood piece , no doubt the shoes are being given more than a helping hand to walk out the shop doors .
Mr Olsen was one of the first fee - paying passengers in space
The draft report 's suggestions aim to prevent a terrorist from destroying a spacecraft or using it as a weapon .
However , the report has no strict proposals on the health of any would - be space tourists .
The suggestions will affect Sir Richard Branson 's enterprise which aims to launch people into space this decade .
The Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) is attempting to regulate the commercial space industry in a bid to ensure minimum safety standards .
It has recommended security checks similar to those for airline passengers .
The public interest is served by creating a clear legal , regulatory , and safety regime for commercial human spaceflight
FAA
The FAA also suggests space tourism companies check the global " no- fly " list , from the US Homeland Security Department , to exclude potential terrorists .
" New technologies carry new risks .
Nonetheless , Congress recognises that private industry has begun to develop commercial launch vehicles capable of carrying human beings into space , and greater private investment in these efforts will stimulate the nation 's commercial space transportation industry as a whole , " said the report .
" The public interest is served by creating a clear legal , regulatory , and safety regime for commercial human spaceflight . "
Companies should give passengers safety advice including the number of flights the spacecraft has been on and any problems they have experienced with the craft , according to further recommendations in the report .
Space tourists should also be given pre-flight training to handle emergency situations such as a loss of cabin pressure or fire .
However , the FAA has so far left any medical requirements in the hands of the tourist , who should decide themselves if they are fit to fly .
The draft regulations could come into force soon , as the first space tourists have already made it into low orbit around the Earth .
In 2004 , Burt Rutan witnessed the successful launch of SpaceShipOne , as his team won the $ 10 m prize for having the first private ship to fly 100 km above Earth 's surface .
By the end of this decade , Virgin Galactic aims to take people into space from a spaceport in New Mexico .
After consulting the public , the FAA should publish its final report before June 2006 .
So I finally got arrested for dancing .
Woke up this morning on a ferry boat to the sound of a guy yelling at me like I was a vagrant .
Looked around , saw an old Indian guy blowing snot out of his nose on the floor next to me .
Realized I was a vagrant .
The ferry had come into port at Athens .
Literally everyone but the Indian guy disembarked while I slept .
It was 5 am .
The sun was a long way from rising .
I have no guidebook covering Greece – did n’t even know where to tell a cab driver to take me .
I wandered the streets for an hour until the first coffee shop opened , then loitered there until it was early enough to get a hotel room without paying for the previous night .
Finding a taxi took half an hour .
Turns out the bus drivers are on strike today .
When I found a guy and he discovered I ’m American , all he wanted to talk about was politics .
When he found out I ’m from Seattle , all he wanted to talk about was grunge music .
He took me to a reasonably cheap hotel near the Acropolis and I slept for six hours .
Waking in the afternoon , I set out on foot for the Parthenon .
Talked to some ancient Greeks .
“ Where you from ? ”
“ America . ”
“ America ?
Too big . ”
“ Okay .
Um. How about Switzerland ? ”
“ No . America is a big place .
In what part do you live ? ”
“ Oh. Seattle . ”
“ I see .
Seattle is very different from Alabama . ”
“ Yes it is . ”
“ FUCKING SHIT ALABAMA ! ”
“ Uh . ”
“ They still hanging blacks in Alabama . ”
“ Yeah , we stopped doing that in Seattle a while ago . ”
Greeks do n’t beat around the Bush .
People often ask me if I have trouble traveling as an American .
The answer is no .
I generally get a positive response for stating my nationality – or at least the benefit of the doubt .
But I have n’t spent much time in Europe .
I ’m learning the reception is n’t quite as warm these days .
At least they know the difference between a red state and a blue state .
I do n’t like wearing messages on my clothing , but it might save me some trouble while I ’m here if I state my political affiliations concisely across my chest .
One thing European attitudes remind me of is how narrow the spectrum for debate is back home .
Even the fact that it ’s a spectrum is irritating .
As Jon Stewart points out , opinions can have a Y - axis .
We ’re confined to arguing over stupid crap like gays in the military .
If we were to let Europe in , we ’d be arguing over gay orgies in the military – which is , to me , a more compelling point of contention .
Even the graffiti in Greece is achingly wishy - washy .
Continued walking up the hill .
I seem to have a knack for finding the less trodden entrances to places like this .
Oh , look .
An amphitheater .
Ancient amphitheaters are everywhere .
How come they stick around so much longer than every other kind of structure ?
…hey , you know what ?
I bet it ’s the lack of roofs .
I ’m starting to realize there ’s a difference between having an interest in history and an interest in really old stuff .
Rarely does the really old stuff tell us much about why its creators were important .
We think it ’s going to , but then we get there and it does n’t .
So we take pictures and we leave .
I ’ll admit that as the dancing video goes , standing in front of the ancient stuff is largely obligatory .
There are places like Angkor Wat and Abu Simbel that leave me truly astonished .
They have a magical quality .
But the Taj Mahal ?
Pyramids ?
Parthenon ?
To me , it ’s just a pile of rocks that does n’t say anything worth saying .
The sun goes behind some clouds , so I sit down on the bench , pull out my Sudoku book , and I wait for it to come out again .
A short guy in a black leather jacket sits next to me .
He pulls out a scratchy AM receiver and starts blasting some Greek talk radio , absolutely crushing my moment of serenity .
The sun begins to go down and a couple Japanese guys are taking pictures of each other .
I ask one of them to hold the camera while I dance .
“ 10 seconds , ” I explain .
“ Okay .
No problem . ”
So I start to dance , and the guy in the leather jacket gets up from the bench and walks into the middle of the shot .
“ What do you think you ’re doing ? ” he asks .
“ I ’m dancing . ”
“ You ca n’t do that here .
You must delete it . ”
" You 're joking , right ? "
" Delete the picture right now ! "
“ I ’m not going to delete anything . ”
The Japanese guy senses trouble .
“ 10 seconds , ” he says , hands me the camera and leaves .
“ What you are doing is disrespectful . ”
“ I do n’t think it ’s disrespectful . ”
“ Give me the camera . ”
“ I ’m not going to give you the camera . ”
“ Then take your things and come with me . ”
“ I ’m not going anywhere with you . ”
“ Then I will call the police and you will go to jail . ”
“ Who are you ?
Show me some identification . ”
“ I will show you identification later .
Come with me right now . ”
“ I ’m not going anywhere until you show me identification . ”
So the guy goes and he gets a security guard .
“ Show me the video , ” says the guard .
I show him the video .
“ You can not do that here ! ”
“ Why not ? ”
“ It is against the rules . ”
“ What rules ?
Show me the sign that says No Dancing . ”
“ Remove the video . ”
“ No . ”
“ Then come with me . ”
The guy grabs me by the arm and starts pulling me down the steps .
This is incredible , I think .
How far are they willing to go with this ?
How far am I willing to go with this ?
They take me to the front entrance and explain to the head guard , in Greek , what I was doing .
The head guard pulls me down a path , around a corner , and behind a building , so no tourists can see .
“ Listen to me .
The Parthenon may mean nothing to you , but to us it is a HOLY RELIGIOUS SITE ! ”
Oh really ?
And when ’s the last time you made sacrifice to Athena ?
“ Give me the camera . ”
“ I ’m not giving you the camera . ”
“ Give me your passport . ”
“ I ’m not giving you my passport . ”
“ Then you will spend the night in jail . ”
“ I ’ve slept in worse places . ”
I hold my hands out in front of me for cuffing .
He leads me inside to what can vaguely be described as an interrogation room .
Maybe it 's just for lunch breaks , but in the moment it feels a lot like an interrogation room .
He asks a couple more times for the camera .
The response does n’t change .
The guy in the leather jacket who started all this asks , “ In your house , do you not have rules ? ”
“ We do n’t have any rules against dancing , no . ”
“ At your work .
They do not have rules ? ”
“ As far as I know , I ’ve never worked anywhere that had a No Dancing policy . ”
“ Why do you do this ? ”
“ I ’m traveling .
I do this everywhere I go . ”
“ And you do not think it is disrespectful ? ”
“ I think it ’s anything but disrespectful . ”
“ You are American , yes ? ”
Had to see that one coming .
A policeman walks in and asks what this is all about .
They go through it all again .
I ’m led out the gates to a squad car .
More discussion .
Another policeman asks , “ What is it that you did ? ”
“ I danced . ”
“ Show me . ”
So I dance for the cop .
He shakes his head .
“ You can not do this here .
Delete the film and you can leave . ”
Nope .
And into the car I go .
We get to the police station .
They take me up the elevator and sit me down with the guy in charge , presumably the precinct chief .
He asks me all the same questions .
I give him all the same answers .
“ Show me this video . ”
I play the Parthenon clip .
I also still have Ephesus and Troy on the camera , so I show him those too .
Again I ’m asked , “ Why do you do this ? ”
“ It ’s a memento . ”
“ Memento ? ”
“ A souvenir . ”
He still does n’t get it .
A young female cop who speaks better English translates for him .
I notice there are at least eight officers surrounding me , all very interested in what ’s going on .
I suddenly want very badly to leave this place , and it strikes me that I can ’t .
I ’m being held for questioning .
The situation is new to me .
The chief starts yelling at the cop who brought me in .
It ’s all Greek to me , but the tone is clearly along the lines of “ Why are you wasting my time with this shit ? ”
A little more yelling and the chief asks for my passport .
This time , I give it up .
One of the cops sits down with me .
I can see the sides of his mouth curving upward .
“ We ’re going to let you go . ”
He winks at me discreetly .
“ We just need to take down your information . ”
He has me write my name , my mother ’s name , my father ’s name , my passport number , my address , and the name of my hotel in Athens .
I get up to leave .
The guy in the leather jacket , still standing by my side and clearly a little embarrassed , tries to justify himself to me .
“ In other countries , the policies are maybe more … elastic … but here , you must not do these things . ”
The police chief asks one more time , “ Will you delete this video ? ”
“ I ’m sorry .
I ca n’t do that . ”
“ Okay .
Get out of here . ”
And that ’s my story .
I ’ve never had any experience with civil disobedience .
I think of myself as a spineless wimp and I guess I imagined I ’d fold pretty quickly , so it was nice to learn that I can withstand a little intimidation when the matter at hand is truly ridiculous enough .
I do n’t know how I would ’ve held up if there ’d been anything serious at stake , like life or liberty .
This was just about the pursuit of happiness , which trails a distant third .
I was n’t even going to use it in the video .
The lighting ’s bad and it ’s just not all that interesting .
But if I ’m willing to go to jail for a thing , I should probably get some use out of it , huh ?
Even to those of us who get weary of official statistics , the latest ones about mobile phones are astonishing .
The two billionth GSM phone ( Global System for Mobile Communications ) has just been connected .
It took 12 years to sell the first billion , but only two and a half to sell the second , with more than 80 % of the growth coming from developing countries such as China , India , Africa and those in Latin America .
The GSM association ( whose phones account for 82 % of all connections ) points out that not only is it the fastest growth of technology ever recorded but it is the first communications technology to have more users in the developing world than the developed world , with all that that implies for the bridging the digital divide .
The association is quite right to attribute this success to the original vision of a cross - border digital communications system based on common standards .
The unsung heroes are civil servants and businesses , particularly in the EU , who brought this about .
They deserve public recognition as they are responsible for the fact that mobile phones are one of the few areas where America 's divine right to rule new technologies does not operate .
Sadly , such collective wisdom is not mirrored by the constituent companies of the GSM association , whose myopic attitude to change is preventing the huge potential of the mobile from being fully exploited .
It is not fanciful to project that if present trends continue , aided by the GSMA 's laudable efforts to produce a low - cost phone , that practically everyone will either have , or have access to , a mobile device in the none - too - distant future .
This offers not only opportunities for knowledge enrichment but huge scope for unprecedented business opportunities , particularly for small operators .
Never before has an interactive device been carried by practically everyone in the developed world .
Already , the mobile is home to up to 55 functions - from television to MP3 players - which could be sold separately .
The industry has performed a miracle in making such devices , but the operators are retarding mass exploitation by erecting walled gardens around their services to shut out competition , by charging excessively for data use when it should be part of the monthly fee ( as in the US ) and by stifling creativity by denying content providers proper reward for effort .
The scale of the lost opportunity can be seen by asking a simple question .
Where are the " bedroom " programmers for the mobile phone like those who cut their teeth on the Sinclair Spectrum and BBC computers two decades ago and went on to become the bedrock of Britain 's world - class games developers ?
Programming for a mobile has to be easier than for a computer but a generation has missed a golden opportunity to create a world - scale industry .
Fortunately , there are signs of change .
David Wood , executive vice president for research at Symbian , maker of the operating system for most smart phones , believes that a combination of explosive growth of smart phones and the arrival of an easy - to - learn programming language , Python , could resurrect the bedroom programmers .
Python is a free ( open source ) programming language for mobile phone applications ( named after you - know - who ) .
You can test it by going to python.org and clicking on the " Getting Started " link at the top left of the screen .
Or go to mobilenin.com to download videos of how people , some new to programming , fared in a workshop .
More than 21,000 downloads have been made .
I started one tutorial and found it surprisingly easy to learn about the basics , though not so easy to download the editor / interpreter needed to run programs being worked on .
Imagine what would happen if savvy teenagers were let loose on it .
Maybe it should be circulated around MySpace or Bebo ; or even put on the school curriculum .
vic.keegan@theguardian.com
· If you 'd like to comment on any aspect of Technology Guardian , send your emails to tech@theguardian.com
The case represents the starkest confrontation between the press and the government since 1971 , when the Supreme Court refused to stop The Times and The Washington Post from publishing a classified history of the Vietnam War known as the Pentagon Papers .
And legal experts said yesterday that they knew of no other instance in modern journalistic history in which a major news organization announced that it would disclose the identities of its confidential sources in response to a government subpoena .
The press has traditionally argued that it needs to be able to protect confidential sources to ensure that the public is fully informed .
Some courts have recently rejected that position outright .
Other have said that the interest in the flow of information to the public in given cases was outweighed by the needs of the judicial system for evidence .
On Wednesday , Judge Thomas F. Hogan of Federal District Court in Washington said he would order the reporters jailed for up to 120 days if they did not agree to testify before the grand jury in the meantime .
He also said he would impose substantial fines on the magazine .
The magazine made its decision over the objections of its reporter .
" For almost two years , " Mr. Cooper said yesterday , " I 've protected my confidential sources even under the threat of jail .
So while I understand Time 's decision to turn over papers that identify my sources , I 'm obviously disappointed by what they chose . "
The documents to be turned over to the special prosecutor in the case , Patrick J. Fitzgerald , include Mr. Cooper 's notes of interviews and " the ordinary work product that is typical of the interaction that takes place between reporters and editors , " Mr. Pearlstine said .
He said Time had not decided how the transfer would happen but said the documents would not be made public by Time .
LED Throwies
LED
Throwies are an inexpensive way to add color to any ferromagnetic surface in your neighborhood .
A Throwie consists of a lithium battery , a 10 mm diffused LED and a rare - earth magnet taped together .
Throw it up high and in quantity to impress your friends and city officials .
LED Throwie Links :
Download video documentation of the first throwies campaign
Make your own Throwies at Instructables
The first throwie mod : throwie on / off tab mod — from EverythingDigital
Mods tagged throwies on instructables .
Video tagged throwies on youtube .
Flicks tagged throwies and ledthrowies on flickr
Click this link to find out more about how and where to properly dispose of lithium batteries in your area .
Lost video documentation of the origin of the throwie
Solar - Powered Sun Bricks 1 Aug
2006
The Solar - Powered Sun Bricks use solar panels to charge during the day , when the night comes they turn on automatically a LED array to make the place they are put an easier to follow path even in complete darkness .
The best of all is that there are no external power requirements or wires whatsoever , you ca n’t find a simpler or more inexpensive way to illuminate dark walkways around your home or in your garden .
Just replace a few of the standard bricks or pavers with those completely self - contained Sun Bricks .
Flush - to - the - ground , integral solar panels generate up to 8 hours of light each night .
So guests can follow a cheerfully illuminated path to your door .
Amber LEDs provide a warm , welcoming glow , consume little power , and ca n’t burn out .
Sun Bricks come on automatically when darkness falls , and incur no operating costs .
Just recess them in your walkway , and forget them !
The price for a pair of Sun Bricks is $ 59.95 .
– If you are interested in the Solar - Powered Sun Bricks …
Ed Gillespe , RNC Chairman -- Scarborough Country , 11/6/2003 ( via Lexis )
GILLESPIE : And I think it was important that it be historically accurate .
And if they did n't intend to make it historically accurate to make sure
that viewers understood that it was not intended to be historically accurate but a fictional portrayal .
So we made two requests :
One is having historians review it for accuracy if you 're going to broadcast it .
And if you 're unwilling to do that , inform the viewers that it 's not historically accurate .
That 's not censorship , that 's common sense .
. .
I 've sent a similar letter to the head of Showtime making the same point : " If you 're not willing to have it reviewed for historical accuracy , make sure your viewers understand that it 's a fictional portrayal .
You know , in this society that we live in and with the media culture that we have , there 's infotainment and docudrama and reality TV , and the lines between fact and fiction blur .
That 's fine when it 's entertainment , but when you 're talking about the formative phase of the Reagan legacy formation , I think that it 's important that we get things right .
. . .
I think that same standard should apply to the late president John F. Kennedy or to Jimmy Carter or any president .
If you 're going to portray a presidency and a president , I think you should do all you can to make sure it 's accurate .
. . .
Bill O'Reilly , O'Reilly Factor " Talking Points " , 11/4/2003 ( Via Lexis )
Today CBS issued this statement , " Although the mini-series features impressive production values and acting performances , and although the producers have sources to verify each scene in the script , we believe it does not present a balanced portrayal of the Reagans for CBS and its audience .
" Well , fine , but how could CBS green light the film in the first place knowing that the producers , the director and the featured actors are all left wing thinkers ?
That would be like CBS commissioning a movie about the Clintons written by Rush Limbaugh and starring Dennis Miller and Ann Coulter .
Do you think that would ever happen ?
Brent Bozell , founder of the Media Research Center , scoffed at the notion that CBS was stifling free speech .
" There is no such thing as creative license to invent falsehoods about people , " Bozell said .
" I do n't care who you are .
You do n't have that right . "
Some conservatives were unhappy that the program would be aired at all .
" I do n’t know the misinforming fewer viewers on Showtime solves the problem , " said Jim Dyke Republican National Committee .
Judging from the accounts that have been creeping into the press and the promotional bits played by Matt Drudge as a fill - in host on Rush Limbaugh 's radio show , the miniseries is a vicious smear of Reagan and his wife Nancy .
. . .
The substitution of propaganda for fact is dangerous .
It 's not by accident that tyrants create " history " to justify their schemes .
Hitler could n't have taken control of Germany without the many anti-Semitic myths that had been allowed to fester and go unchallenged .
Stalin and Mao could n't have kept a heel on the neck of their countries without self - glorifying myths that demonized anyone who stood in their way .
In this case , simple justice demands that the lies about Ronald and Nancy Reagan must not go unchallenged but , in a larger sense , truth itself must be defended .
Attempts to distort our history must be resisted .
Historical truth is simply too valuable to be made a plaything for biased filmmakers rewriting it to fit their politics .
The latest critique of the conservative movement — which should be a critique of anyone dedicated to the thought that our knowledge of history is bad enough — is that we censored a CBS miniseries on President Ronald Reagan because we think Reagan " untouchable . "
That is a mischaracterization .
. . .
Show the man in all his glory and all his defeat , we are not ashamed of history .
We should all be ashamed of bad history , though — of dressing up fiction as fact .
What offended us was a portrayal of Reagan that put words in his mouth he never uttered and attributed positions to him he never held .
. . .
Perhaps if the CBS miniseries attempted accuracy , there would have been less concern .
But we do n't need false portrayals of living ( but incapacitated ) historical figures , in the nastiest forms possible .
It 's not decent , and it sure is not helping us understand history better — something we could all afford to do . . .
Bernard Golberg and Pat Buchanan -- Buchanan & Press ,
11/26/2003 ( via Lexis )
BUCHANAN : All right , Bernie . . .
Here 's what they 've got Ronald Reagan saying in this film .
" Look at her , " about Mrs. Kennedy .
" Could n't she at least have changed her dress ?
There 's blood all over it .
" Housekeeper to Mrs. Reagan .
" Are we going to cancel the cocktail party tonight ? "
" No , we 're not going to cancel anything .
Why should we cancel the cocktail party ?
" And the purpose of this is complete fabrication , utterly out of character with Ronald Reagan .
GOLDBERG : Exactly .
BUCHANAN : putting a lie in his mouth , in order to make the American people , or a generation that never knew him , hate him .
Why do - I do n't understand why Bill Press and other liberals will not at least say , get the lies out of his mouth .
I do n't think he was that good a president .
But Dennis should n't put lies in his mouth .
GOLDBERG : I think that decent , open - minded , fair liberals cannot like that .
They can't like it any more than conservatives like it .
PRESS : And do you think liberals would be able to get CBS to cancel it ?
No way .
. . .
GOLDBERG : I 'm not buying that , by the way .
The Republican National Committee Friday asked CBS to allow a team of historians and friends of former President Ronald Reagan and his wife to review a miniseries about the couple before it airs .
Republicans have expressed concern that the miniseries , titled " The Reagans , " may inaccurately portray the couple .
Michael Medved , Scarborough Country , 11/5/2003 ( via Lexis )
The whole idea of creating a movie about Ronald Reagan without consulting or involving someone like Peggy Noonan .
Peggy Noonan was even brought into the " West Wing " to try to give that a little bit of balance .
Why not have her -- she was a speechwriter for President Reagan -- consult on the movie ?
And you could have avoided some of these problems .
If you are only going to have one Reagan biography on TV , and they only have had one , then for goodness sake , you do have a responsibility to make it a little bit balanced and not a smear job .
None of this trifling with the truth is playing well because America is at war , and war demands seriousness .
Ed Gillespe , Chairman RNC , Scarborough Country , 11/6/2003 ( via Lexis )
But I also think it points to a broader concern , which is a concern that we should be careful about how we portray historical figures , and especially when it 's so current and so recent .
You know , there 's obviously been a lot of movies made about the late President Kennedy and others , but a lot of time had passed since those .
And there have been more historical understanding of their presidencies .
I think a lot of people were going to learn about the Reagan presidency for the first time , or at least learn what these screen writers at CBS and in Hollywood , how they perceived his presidency in this program .
So I thought it was important that it be accurate .
UPDATE
Speaking of history , defamation has historically been considered a bad thing .
" Artistic freedom " is n't normally construed as the freedom to lie about other people ; certainly the First Amendment does not so construe it .
However one views the role of the networks , it is hard to argue that part of their duty is to publish falsehoods about anyone , living or dead , public figure or not .
" Artistic integrity " is a concept that applies to fiction ; when one is broadcasting a documentary about actual people , the threshold requirement is that the documentary be true .
The fact that the left openly regrets CBS 's decision not to air a broadcast that flunked the elementary test of truth shows how far the Democrats have fallen .
UPDATE II
UPDATE III
UPDATE IV
Glenn :
I see you quote me on your blog -- for the record , I oppose this miniseries as well if it is fiction dressed up as fact , creates caricatures of real persons and events that are inaccurate , and inserts quotes that were not uttered , especially to make a point that was not intended .
I said as much on Bill Bennett 's Morning in America radio show ( as did he , btw ) this a .m .
That ABC is stating " the movie contains fictionalized scenes , composite and representative characters and dialogue , and time compression , " is not at all comforting on this issue .
9/11 needs no fiction , nor does its buildup .
It was all dramatic -- and horrifically dramatic -- enough .
Sincerely ,
Seth Leibsohn
Producer - Bill Bennett's Morning in America
Fellow - The Claremont Institute
When CBS announced in November , 2003 that it would broadcast a mini-series it produced about Ronald and Nancy Reagan called " The Reagans , " Matt Drudge obtained excerpts from the script and published them .
That led to right - wing bloggers , organizations and pundits , along with the RNC itself , demanding that CBS cancel the broadcast , which it did ( moving it instead to Showtime , with a panel discussion afterwards filled with critics of the film ) .
Those who wanted the mini-series cancelled back then were making arguments which are highly relevant -- for reasons that are self - evident -- to ABC 's plans to broadcast an indisputably fictionalized mini-series about 9/11 , a film which includes exactly the fabricated dialogues and historical events which served as the ostensible basis for outrage over The Reagans : After Bill Press described a hypothetical fictionalized mini-series written by conservatives about liberal politicians , this exchange occurs :
Finally , Digby yesterday made the important point that fictionalized histories are far more dangerous with recent events , where impressions are still forming , than with events in the distant past , where fictionalized events constitute an " alternative history " rather than its first draft : " But the key is that these films [ Oliver Stone 's films about JFK and Nixon ] were about events that happened long in the past --- they were re-writing history , not writing the first draft while the immediate events were still being debated . "
Looks like Ed Gillespe beat Digby to that point :
To put it mildly , it is extremely difficult -- really , it 's impossible -- for any reasonable person to have objected to The Reagans without also objecting to Path to 9/11 .
If a fictionalized account of an ex-President 's chatter with his wife is outrageous and intolerable , surely a fictionalized account of how the 9/11 attacks occurred and who is to blame for them is at the very least equally outrageous and intolerable .
: James Taranto acknowledges the obvioius comparison : " The Clintonites may have a point here .
A few years ago , when the shoe was on the other foot , we were happy to see CBS scotch ' The Reagans . ' " :
Unlike CBS did for the much less consequential The Reagans , Disney / ABC , at least for now , is refusing to refrain from broadcasting this proaganda .
C&L has the video ( and transcript ) of the statement from Disney / ABC here , in which they attack critics of the film by claiming : " No one has seen the final version of the film–because the editing process is not yet complete , so criticisms of film specifics are premature and irresponsible .
" That makes no sense .
The only reason anyone knows anything about the content of the film is because they sent it around to the likes of Rush Limbaugh and Hugh Hewitt precisely to induce them to comment ( favorably ) on it .
If it 's " premature and irresponsible " to comment on the film because it's not complete yet , why did they send around screeners to ( right - wing ) commentators ?
It only became " irresponsible " once the commentary went from drooling partisan praise to critiques of the film 's fabrications and inaccuracies .
In addition to the obvious inequities , CBS ' quick and complete cave - in to conservative protests over The Reagans , set next to ABC 's combative attack on critics of this film , tell you all you need to know about the merits of the incessent , petulant complaints from Bush supporters about the " liberal MSM . " :
One of the individuals I quoted in this post demanding that CBS not broadcast The Reagans was Seth Leibsohn , who is currently the Producer of Bill Bennett 's radio show .
He sent me an e-mail asking me to add the following as an update to my post :
As I said , I think it 's impossible for any reasonable person who opposed The Reagans not to opppose the 9/11 mini-series with equal vigor , at least .
It seems that some opponents of The Reagans are realizing that as well , while the most dishonest partisan hacks try to justify how they could have demanded cancellation of The Reagans while lauding ABC for broadcasting this fictionalized 9/11 propaganda film .
Emacs Tips & Tricks
Power tools for Emacs users
January 2011
Geotechnical Software Services
This document is available at http://geosoft.no/development/emacs.html
Table of Content
Basic Tips & Tricks
Emacs initialization
When Emacs is launched , a specific initialization file is read .
The initialization file can contain Emacs personal preferences like the functions and key bindings examples in this document .
In addition it can contain default state settings for Emacs variables .
Some examples are given below .
( setq default - frame - alist ( append ( list
'( width .
81 ) ; Width set to 81 characters
'( height . 40 ) ) ; Height set to 60 lines
default - frame - alist ) )
( setq inhibit - startup - message t) ; Do n't want any startup message
( setq make - backup - files nil ) ; Do n't want any backup files
( setq auto - save - list - file - name nil ) ; Do n't want any .saves files
( setq auto - save - default nil ) ; Do n't want any auto saving
( setq search - highlight t) ; Highlight search object
( setq query - replace - highlight t) ; Highlight query object
( setq mouse - sel - retain - highlight t ) ; Keep mouse high - lightening
( set - face - background ' region " yellow " ) ;
Set region background color
( set - background - color " wheat3 " ) ;
Set emacs bg color
In the MS - Windows environment the initialization file should be called _EMACS and should be put in the root directory .
In UNIX based systems the file should be called .emacs and should be put in the personal home directory .
Key bindings
For maximum typing and editing efficiency , as many keyboard keys as possible should be bound directly to Emacs functions .
Some are already bound when Emacs is installed , but the great variety of keyboards and operating systems available makes it difficult for the Emacs team to pre bind functions in general .
To bind a function to a key , include a statement of the form
( global - set - key key - name ' function - name )
in the initialization file .
key - name is either given as an actual name within brackets like [ f1 ] for the F1 function key , or as " \C - q " or " \M - q " for a Control - key or Escape - key sequence respectively .
Remember that function that are not bound to a specific key or key sequence ( actually this includes most functions ) can always be accessed by typing
Esc-x function - name
This document gives many examples of possible Emacs key bindings .
Since the name of the keys may differ between keyboards and operating systems , the following approach can be used to find the name of a specific key .
Enter
Esc-x describe - key
and hit the key ( or key combination ) in question .
This will reveal the name of the key as well as the function it is currently bound to .
Complete word
Emacs includes a very useful concept called complete word .
Whenever in the minibuffer , it is always possible to hit the space bar to let Emacs try to complete the current input .
This can save many key strokes and a lot of time .
For instance when looking for a file one can give one letter of a directory or a file name and , in case it is unique , Emacs will fill in the rest automatically .
If it is not unique , Emacs will fill in as much as possible and return the different possible completions to let you choose between them .
The Emacs region
Emacs includes a powerful concept called a region .
A region is like a marked area in a conventional word processor , but more useful in the way Emacs functions can be applied to it directly , for instance for sorting just a few lines of a file , or for printing a portion of a file .
A region is set implicitly by many Emacs functions , but can be set manually as well using Ctrl - Space .
This specifies the current cursor position as one end of the region , called the mark .
The cursor can then be moved around and its position will specify the other end of the region .
Cut , copy and paste key bindings
Based on the description of a region above , defining the common functions Cut , Copy and Paste on the region becomes very useful .
The functions should be bound to keys for easy access , for instance like :
( global - set - key [ f5 ] ' copy - region - as - kill ) ; Copy
( global - set - key [ f6 ] ' kill - region ) ; Cut
( global - set - key [ f7 ] ' yank ) ; Paste
An element that is cut or copied this way is put into something called the kill - ring .
Calling the yank function always pastes the last entry from the kill - ring .
However , after the yank function as called , it is possible to replace the pasted text by the second last entry in the ring and so on by calling the yank - pop ( by default boud to the Esc -y key ) function repeatedly .
In effect , all cut / copy operations of the session is registered , and are easily accessible through this simple sequence of key strokes .
Column handling
A feature that are missing in most editors and word processors is the possibility to cut / copy and paste a vertical region of a file .
In Emacs this is simple .
The column to cut or copy is marked as a region as described above .
It can then be cut calling the function kill - rectangle and re-pasted by yank - rectangle
Navigation key bindings
These are the basic navigation keys .
Many keyboard come with two sets of these keys , so each function is bound once for each key .
Some of these functions are usually already bound when Emacs is installed .
( global - set - key [ kp - home ] ' beginning -of - buffer ) ; [ Home ]
( global - set - key [ home ] ' beginning -of - buffer ) ; [ Home ]
( global - set - key [ kp - end ] ' end - of - buffer ) ; [ End ]
( global - set - key [ end ] ' end - of - buffer ) ; [ End ]
( global - set - key [ kp - prior ] ' my - scroll - down ) ; [ PgUp ]
( global - set - key [ prior ] ' my - scroll - down ) ; [ PgUp ]
( global - set - key [ kp - next ] ' my - scroll - up ) ; [ PgDn ]
( global - set - key [ next ] ' my - scroll - up ) ; [ PgDn ]
Undo
Emacs has the most amazing undo facility .
Anything you have typed since your session began is registered and can be undone .
Since this obviously is a very useful function it should be bound directly to a key .
Using the keypad [ -] ( subtraction ) key for this purpose is convenient since it indicates the nature of the operation as well as being located so far away that it is n't easily accessed by accident .
( global - set - key [ kp - subtract ] ' undo ) ; [ Undo ]
Insert / overwrite mode
By default Emacs run in insert mode .
This state can be toggled with overwrite mode , and is best bound to the Insert key (s ) on the keyboard .
( global - set - key [ insert ] ' overwrite - mode ) ; [ Ins ]
( global - set - key [ kp - insert ] ' overwrite - mode ) ; [ Ins ]
Goto line
To go to a specific line can be useful , especially when Emacs is used for programming .
This common function can be bound to Ctrl - L by :
( global - set - key " \C - l " ' goto - line ) ; [ Ctrl ] - [ L ]
Window splitting
The Emacs window can be split so that is can display two or more buffers at the same time .
This can be useful when comparing two files , or when editing two files simultaneously .
Functions for managing window splits :
( global - set - key [ f2 ] ' split - window - vertically )
( global - set - key [ f1 ] ' remove - split )
Frames
As well as displaying more than one buffer in a window , Emacs can also display more than one window ( or frames as it is called in Emacs terminology ) .
Creating and deleting frames can conveniently be done by binding the the functions as follows :
( global - set - key " \C - f " ' make - frame ) ; [ Ctrl ] - [ F ]
( global - set - key " \M - f " ' delete - frame ) ; [ ESC ] -[ F ]
Getting information
Emacs contains lots of features and possibilities and it can be difficult to comprehend and utilize it all .
However , Emacs comes with full documentation included .
One of the more useful functions is apropos :
[ ESC ] -x apropos
This command prompts for a name or a concept and will return list of all functions or variables that relates to the entry given .
This is a very useful approach for getting to know Emacs and the possibilities it contains .
Given an Emacs function or a variable it can sometimes be difficult to know exactly what it does .
An explanation of a function or a variable can be obtained by :
[ ESC ] -x describe - function
[ ESC ] -x describe - variable
They will prompt for a name and return a comprehensive description of it .
Similarly , as described above
[ ESC ] -x describe - key
prompts for a key and returns the name of the key and the function it is currently bound to .
File Finder
This extension to the powerful Emacs complete - word facility is the major time saver for the frequent Emacs user .
It is used within the find - file function and makes it possible to enter a given directory in the minibuffer by just entering a predefined two - to four letter sequence followed by the space key .
Three different paths are given in the example below .
The list can however be extended indefinetly .
( defun geosoft - parse - minibuffer ()
( interactive )
( backward - char 4 )
( setq found t )
( cond
; local directories
( ( looking - at " ..cd " ) ( setq directory " c:/users / john / " ) )
( ( looking - at " .doc " ) ( setq directory " c:/users/john/documents / " ) )
( ( looking - at " java " ) ( setq directory " c:/users/john/src/ java / " ) )
(t ( setq found nil ) ) )
( cond ( found ( beginning - of - line )
( kill - line )
( insert directory ) )
( t ( forward - char 4 )
( minibuffer - complete ) ) ) )
The function is made an extension to the minibuffer complete - word function by :
( define - key minibuffer- local - completion - map " " ' geosoft- parse - minibuffer )
Buffer Switcher
After a file has been loaded once , it is available in an Emacs buffer .
Emacs is installed with lots of clever functions for fast retrieval of buffers .
The function below is different however .
It makes it possible to browse through the buffer list by single key - strokes only .
It is also clever in its handling of the buffer stack in the way that the most frequent visited buffers ( i.e. files ) always are at the top of the stack .
( defvar LIMIT 1 )
( defvar time 0 )
( defvar mylist nil )
( defun time - now ()
( car ( cdr ( current - time ) ) ) )
( defun bubble - buffer ()
( interactive )
( if ( or ( > (- ( time - now ) time ) LIMIT ) ( null mylist ) )
( progn ( setq mylist ( copy - alist ( buffer- list ) ) )
( delq ( get - buffer " * Minibuf - 0 * " ) mylist )
( delq ( get - buffer " * Minibuf - 1 * " ) mylist ) ) )
( bury - buffer ( car mylist ) )
( setq mylist ( cdr mylist ) )
( setq newtop ( car mylist ) )
( switch - to - buffer ( car mylist ) )
( setq rest ( cdr ( copy - alist mylist ) ) )
( while rest
( bury - buffer ( car rest ) )
( setq rest ( cdr rest ) ) )
( setq time ( time - now ) ) )
The function is bound to a function key ( for instance F4 ) by :
( global - set - key [ f4 ] ' bubble - buffer )
When you are definitely done with a buffer ( i.e. a file ) it can be convinient to remove it from the buffer stack .
To silently remove the current buffer from the stack ( and retrieve the next one on the stack ) , bind the following function to the Ctrl - Del key .
( defun geosoft - kill - buffer ()
( interactive )
( kill - buffer ( buffer - name ) )
( set - name ) )
Bind by :
( global - set - key [ C - delete ] ' geosoft - kill - buffer )
( global - set - key [ C - kp- delete ] ' geosoft - kill - buffer )
Navigator
For fast navigation within an Emacs buffer it is necessary to be able to move swiftly between words .
The functions below change the default Emacs behavour on this point slightly , to make them a lot more usable .
Note the way that the underscore character is treated .
This is convinient behaviour in programming .
Other domains may have different requirements , and these functions should be easy to modify in this respect .
( defun geosoft - forward - word ()
( interactive )
( forward - char 1 )
( backward - word 1 )
( forward - word 2 )
( backward - word 1 )
( backward - char 1 )
( cond ( ( looking - at " _ " ) ( forward - char 1 ) ( geosoft - forward - word ) )
(t ( forward - char 1 ) ) ) )
( defun geosoft - backward - word ()
( interactive )
( backward - word 1 )
( backward - char 1 )
( cond ( ( looking - at " _ " ) ( geosoft - backward - word ) )
(t ( forward - char 1 ) ) ) )
Bind the functions to Ctrl - Left and Ctrl - Right with :
( global - set - key [ C - right ] ' geosoft - forward - word )
( global - set - key [ C - left ] ' geosoft - backward - word )
Scroller
Scrolling without moving the cursor can be achieved by the functions :
( defun scroll - down- keep- cursor ()
( interactive )
( scroll - down 1 ) )
( defun scroll- up- keep- cursor ()
( interactive )
( scroll - up 1 ) )
Bind the functions to the /- key and the *- key ( on the numeric keypad ) with :
( global - set - key [ kp - divide ] ' scroll-down-keep-cursor )
( global - set - key [ kp- multiply ] ' scroll-up-keep-cursor )
Emacs for Programmers
Modes
During editing Emacs can be set in different modes .
The mode has some knowledge about the structure of the document the user is working on , and can assist on the organization , formatting and editing of this .
This is particularly helpful when Emacs is used for programming , since programming languages in general has rigid sets of restrictions regarding document structure .
For instance , programming statements are normally indented according to specific rules , and if the mode know the rules , it can do the indentation for the user automatically .
There exists modes for all major and minor programming languages and most types of documents such as HTML , Perl scripts , shell scripts , Unix Makefiles , CSS etc .
The mode is automatically set by Emacs based on the name or the extension of the file edited .
Color coding
A very useful feature is Emacs ' ability to render text with different colors and fonts .
Emacs packages for color coding analyse the structure of the text and color the text according to the structure .
For instance can programming comments get one color , reserved words a different color , function definitions yet another and so on .
A popular color coding package that comes with the standard Emacs distribution is hilite .
To use it , include the following statement in the initialization file :
( load " hilit19 " )
During editing , it is in general impossible for the color coding package to color the text since the structure of the edited part of the document may not yet be complete .
Beacuase of this , it is handy to be able to refresh the color coding manually .
This is done with the function hilit - highlight - buffer which can be bound to a key combination for convenience .
Including predefined element skeletons
Many of the text elements that are used in programming has a standard form based on common skeletons .
The ability to include skeletons like these with a single keystroke can be very useful and time efficient .
For instance , declaration and documentation comments in Java follow the rules dictated by the javadoc automatic documentation system .
A typical javadoc method comment will look something like this :
public char charAt ( int index ) {
...
}
To create a skeleton that can be included directly into a java source file , include the following LISP function in the Emacs initialization file :
( defun javadoc - method - comment ()
( interactive )
( insert
" /**
*
*
*
*
* @param
* @return
* @exeption
* @see
*/
" ) /
( previous - line 8 )
( end - of - line ) )
The function can be bound to a key by for instance :
( define - key java - mode - map [ f9 ] ' javadoc-method- comment )
So hitting F9 will in effect include a javadoc method comment skeleton at the cursor position and move the cursor to the position within the comment where the description should start .
Along the same lines it is easy to predefine a large number of code elements , for instance while loops , if - then - else constructions , file headers etc. and make them available by single key strokes or key combinations .
Emacs Links
Matt Drudge
AKA Matthew Drudge
Born : 27 - Oct -1966
Gender : Male
Race or Ethnicity : White
Sexual orientation : Matter of Dispute
Occupation : Blogger , Radio Personality , Pundit
Nationality : United States
Executive summary : The Drudge Report
Matt Drudge was a C - and D - student in high school , then worked a steady succession of unsteady low - pay jobs .
He delivered newspapers , engaged in telemarketing , suffered the overnight shift at a 7 - Eleven , and was hired as a runner at CBS Studios in California .
Eventually he was promoted to the gift shop , where he manned the cash register and overheard juicy gossip .
When his father gave him a computer in 1994 , Drudge started posting the gossip to online newsgroups , along with snippets he collected from listening to talk radio and police scanners , and watching TV news .
Among his early scoops were advance copies of TV ratings , found in the trash at CBS .
A pioneer in what came to be called weblogging , Drudge 's site had 80,000 visitors daily even before his big scoop , the Bill Clinton - Monica Lewinsky affair .
Newsweek had the story , but they hesitated , pondering the unprecedented enormity of reporting on a sitting President 's extramarital affairs .
When Newsweek decided to hold off until they could verify a few more details , someone at the magazine ( Michael Isikoff is widely suspected ) sent Drudge an email .
With no editor to hold him back , Drudge ran the story , and his site was suddenly getting hundreds of thousands , then millions of hits daily .
The site 's relatively scant original material is based on tips from Drudge 's far - flung network of online informants , many of whom are employed by mainstream media or conservative operations .
Among his biggest " scoops " Drudge reported that Clinton had fathered a child through an affair with an African - American woman ( which never happened ) , broke the 2004 story of John Kerry 's extramarital affair ( which never happened ) , and reported that Alec Baldwin had promised to leave America if George W. Bush won the 2000 election ( which was actually a joke Baldwin had cracked during the 1992 election between Clinton and Bush 's father ) .
In 1997 , Drudge reported that " ... one influential Republican , who demanded anonymity , [ told ] the Drudge Report that court records existed showing that then - White House aide Sidney Blumenthal had committed violent acts against his wife . "
As with many of Drudge 's scoops , it was untrue , and despite a retraction and apology , Blumenthal sued .
But he dropped the suit before it came to trial , after Drudge -- with lawyers provided by ( ambiguous link , David Horowitz ) 's Individual Rights Foundation , funded in turn by billionaire conservative Richard Scaife -- was able to stretch out the proceedings until Blumenthal could no longer afford the cost .
Drudge rarely names his sources , and the evidence shows that he has his facts wrong more often than not .
Brill 's Content tracked Drudge 's news for nine months in 1998 , and found that 20 of the 51 stories Drudge labeled " exclusive " actually were n't -- they were simply items mainstream newspapers and networks had reported .
Of the 31 remaining Drudge " exclusives " , 11 ( 36 % ) were true , 10 ( 32 % ) were demonstrably false and / or never happened , and the accuracy or inaccuracy of the remaining 10 items ( 32 % ) was impossible to verify .
Those odds may do well for a baseball batting average , but if a real reporter had the facts with him only four times out of ten , he would be looking for a new line of work .
But with no staff and none of the research expenses that come with traditional journalism , Drudge is not scouring the want ads .
He quit his job at CBS when Wired started running his web column for $ 3,000 a month .
From there he jumped to America Online , and now Drudge makes an estimated $ 1.2 million a year through ads rotated on his site .
For a time he hosted a weekly show for Fox News , and another weekly show for ABC , but both were canceled within a year .
He hosted a syndicated radio show on the weekends , and of course , he is the author of the subliterate bestseller Drudge Manifesto .
He now lives in a comfortable Miami home / office / condo , where several TVs are on most of the time while he is awake .
He updates the site several times daily , with links leading to mainstream newspaper and wire - service websites , headlines rewritten to reflect Drudge 's perspective , and the occasional " exclusive " .
Overnight , while Drudge slumbers , a friend in California monitors the incoming email , watches the news , and keeps the site updated .
Drudge is widely whispered to be gay .
" I go to bars " , Drudge once explained .
" I go to straight bars , I go to gay bars . " [ 1 ]
When photographed , he is almost invariably dressed like a 1930s muckraker , complete with a porkpie hat .
Requires Flash 7 + and Javascript .
Do you know something we do n't ?
Submit a correction or make a comment about this profile
Microsoft has become the latest big technology company to make a move into telephony over the internet .
The low cost of calls is attracting customers in ever - greater numbers and robbing traditional phone companies of business .
How worried should they be ?
WHEN occasion permits , it is salutary to remind oneself how the conduct of business and leisure has changed since the advent of the internet .
Gathering information , written contact ( through e-mail ) and other tasks have been speeded up immeasurably thanks to the forward march of technology .
One is often pressed to remember how people got by before the internet became widespread .
In fact , many of the tasks taken up by the web were conducted over the telephone .
And if Voice over the Internet Protocol ( VOIP ) , a new type of web - based telephony , continues to takes off , we may one day ask how we made phone calls before the internet took that strain too .
Microsoft is the latest big technology firm to embrace VOIP .
This week , the software giant announced that it had bought Teleo , an American VOIP - technology firm , for an undisclosed sum .
Days earlier Google , a leading search engine , announced that it would launch Google Talk , an instant message and voice service , in competition with other leading web portals .
In June , Yahoo ! bought Dialpad , a firm offering the same sort of technology as Teleo .
At the moment , the technology giants generally only allow computer - to - computer voice services .
But they may soon extend their offerings to compete with the likes of Vonage , Skype , 8X8 and a host of other new firms that concentrate on providing VOIP services .
These companies allow customers to plug their phone into a gadget connected to the internet .
By offering this service they have shown they want to compete directly with traditional telecoms firms and the cable companies that have recently joined the fray .
However , VOIP differs from the usual phone services in that it sends calls as digital packets of information over data networks rather than relying on a dedicated circuit - switched network .
As a result , calls are charged at a much cheaper rate : long - distance and international calls can be made for the price of a local call and a home broadband - internet connection .
Furthermore , a VOIP user can keep his old fixed - line phone number , which will work not only at home but anywhere in the world where he chooses to use the device ( as long as a broadband connection is available ) .
Not surprisingly , consumers have shown more than a little interest in the new technology .
TeleGeography , a research firm , estimates that VOIP providers offering similar services to traditional telecoms firms in America had amassed over 1.8 m subscribers by the first quarter of 2005 .
This number is set to grow to over 7 m by the end of 2006 and 17.5 m by 2010 ( see chart ) .
These figures do not take account of the growth of Skype , whose software permits free calls between computers .
The Luxembourg - based firm says it already has 51 m registered users and a further 2 m that have signed up for paid services , such as voicemail and connections to landlines and mobile phones .
Skype claims to carry 45 % of all American VOIP traffic .
Despite the relatively modest size of the market for VOIP at present , its quick advances and potential for growth have forced traditional phone companies and cable firms on to the defensive .
Fixed - line operators in America have suffered a torrid few years as cable firms and mobile operators have eaten away at their business .
Revenues at America 's fixed - line local and long - distance carriers have fallen back since peaking in 2000 , and forecasts suggest that revenues will slip further over the next few years partly as VOIP providers grab their business .
The number of fixed lines in America has been declining as consumers switch to mobile telephony .
One estimate suggests that revenues at fixed - line firms may fall by another 25 % between now and 2010 .
The appearance of new VOIP providers in the past two years has come amid a battle for customers between traditional telecoms firms and cable operators .
The latter have built fibre - optic networks across many countries and can offer not only telephones but broadband connections and television too .
Many traditional telecoms firms are upgrading their lines to offer the same services and may also be in a position to add mobile telephony to the bundle .
And both the telecoms firms and their cable rivals are aggressively , though somewhat reluctantly , offering VOIP telephony .
Profits are slimmer for VOIP — the service yields up to $ 10 less monthly revenue per customer for traditional phone companies , according to some estimates .
But telecoms firms reckon it is better to cannibalise revenues than to lose a customer altogether .
It is too soon to sound the death knell for traditional telephony , but the coming of VOIP will provide cheaper calls for customers and help to keep fixed - line prices down
Some analysts reckon that the inability of pure VOIP firms to offer the bundled services that telecoms and cable companies can provide ( which include the all - important broadband link ) may limit the appeal of internet telephony .
Other problems also beset VOIP .
America 's Federal Communications Commission has insisted that some VOIP phones are made able to access America 's emergency services .
The expense of complying with this and the possible imposition of other regulations that govern traditional telecoms providers could add to the costs of VOIP firms and eat into their competitive advantage .
And customers may balk at relying wholly on phones that are affected by power cuts , not to mention the viruses that trouble the internet .
Despite these concerns , VOIP 's rapid growth is set to continue for the foreseeable future .
And mobile operators have as much to fear from it as fixed - line firms do , thanks to the roll - out of WiMax or other forms of wireless broadband delivered over the airwaves , which will offer mobile VOIP across many countries .
As a result , the more established mobile operators , still trying to recoup the vast sums spent on third - generation ( 3G ) licences , could see revenues fall .
It is too soon to sound the death knell for traditional fixed - line telephones .
The ability of wires to deliver a variety of services , and the drawbacks of VOIP , should keep fixed - line firms in business for some time .
But the coming of VOIP will provide cheaper calls for customers and help to keep fixed - line prices down .
The consumer with a far - flung network of friends or business contacts may soon wonder how he paid the bills before the internet brought the cost of calls crashing down .
Welcome to The Carnival of Personal Finance # 64 hosted right here at Aridni !
We ’ve got a huge number of articles this week .
Apparently everyone is trying to make up for the day off for Labor Day by working twice as hard .
=P
There are an even 50 articles being posted here , so put your reading glasses on and get to the Personal Finance !
( do people still use reading glasses ? )
We ’ll start off with last week ’s host 1stmillionat33 who gives us some investing advice
My investing advice if you have $ 1000 to $ 10000
“ Finding a new job can be a daunting challenge .
But if you follow my simple 21 - step plan , you ’ll soon be battling cranky alarm clocks , rush - hour traffic , and the “ living for the weekend ” daily grind . ”
Madeleine Begun Kane presents Working Stiffed posted at Mad Kane ’s Humor Blog .
“ Your kids are starting out strapped because they have n’t been taught how to fend for themselves properly because YOU were so busy working your tail off trying to keep a roof over their heads ! ” Frugal Wisdom from Wenchypoo ’s Warehouse : Another Book You Should n’t Bother Buying –Strapped : Why America ’s 20 - and 30 - Somethings Ca n’t Get Ahead
What does a credit report look like ?
How can I read one ?
If I ’m running a credit report on someone , what sort of information should I be looking for ?
The anatomy of a credit report
Think your finances are screwed up ?
It could be worse .
You could be Jack Bauer , who needs much more than 24 hours to get his money house in order .
Here ’s something Jack Bauer ca n’t fix in 24 hours
From Opportunities Aplenty we find out How Aussies Get to Pay Off Their Mortgages Early
Errors on medical bills are more common than many consumers realize .
This post includes steps for detecting , correcting and avoiding billing errors at the hospital and at the doctor ’s office .
The Frugal Duchess : Watch out for Medical Bill Mistakes !
A lot of peole are scared to start saving their money because it ’s a scary world .
People do n’t know a lot about it and therefor scared of it .
Here is an article that explain one of the most basic things that people see all the time .
What Does the Dow Jones and Nasdaq Mean on the Front of My Yahoo / MSN homepage ?
3 ways it costs more to be a women is Adult ADD and Money ’s followup to 3 ways it costs more being a man
We ’ve all heard “ do n’t put off for tomorrow … ” but it can be sound financial advice when considering insurance .
A health problem can mean a big insurance problem , as well .
Bob Vineyard explains .
Cost of Delay
How much does an average nursing home cost ?
A post about the cost of nursing homes in retirement and how to plan your retirement to protect you against that possibility .
Not dividends , not growth , but both .
HJL wants to let you know why he love investings in companies that pay and are increasing their dividends .
Tired but happy has to make a choice between Roth versus the 401k .
A new blog that has popped up in the last month , My New Choice , looks like it is off to a great start .
They bring us a Strategy to Curb Impulse Buying
Jim at Blueprint for Financial Prosperity is going to be keeping a good chunk of change .
If you need to work on your home you might be able to as well .
Energy Policy Act of 2005 Saves Me $ 500
FMF gives us the math behind his own retirement number How I Set My Retirement Number
Amy at The Mother - load presents Find Just What You Are Looking For This post contains twenty different hints for how to save you money .
Here ’s what everyone wants to know , 21 secrets to becoming a millionaire
From the mortgage reports – Making a down payment on a home is not a “ safety cushion ” for retirement money — it ’s more dangerous than leaving the same dollars buried in your front yard .
A down payment is not a cushion
The interaction between taxation and inflation has a surprisingly large and little - known effect on your investment returns .
Read about The True Rate of Return
nickel at fivecentnickel.com wants to know How Much Life Insurance do you Need ?
No Credit Needed has a Personal Finance Motivation for you , ‘ This is just a little “ motivational push ” for those starting out .
I wrote this 1 year ago , when I was still in debt .
I like to post “ motivational ” posts from time to time . ’
The Divedend guy wants you to Think of an Investment as A Home You Are Happy to Inhabit
Are you thinking about Currency Trading at all ?
Joe Kristan of Roth & Company Tax Update presents
New rules on donations of personal property
If you are giving art or other personal property to charity , Congress has new rules that could give yoru deduction a haircut .
Jeffrey Strain at Personal Finance Advice presents Skills Needed For Personal Finance
mbhunter at Mighty Bargain Hunter presents
On new rules for writing off charitable gifts
Yoski at The Cheap Chap presents Big Lots of Savings
Retirement Planning in Your 20s ( & Beyond ) , Part 4 : Riding Compound Interest to the Finish Line
Here ’s an idea to make those domain names earn you cash flow .
Personal Finance Tip - Put Those Domain Names to Work !
“ No one would buy a magazine called Mediocre , Good Enough , or Settle .
Instead titles like Fine Homes or Show Boat sell even though most people buying or browsing those titles probably can’t even afford the items advertised in them . ”
Read more of Rich ’s Good Enough
Daniel is having some problems with the Savings Plan Going A Little Haywire !
Are you ready to get down and dirty ?
Well then … Do You Dumpster Dive ?
Tom Hanna at Financial Options presents The Week Ahead : Your Financial Road Map for September 4 to 8 , 2006
Are Buying Lottery Tickets A Waste Of Money ?
Has someone ever told you that buying a lottery ticket is a waste of money ?
I ’ve been told that by a lot of people .
Although I do think most gambling is a waste of money , I do not think buying lottery tickets has to fall into this category .
My Money Forest ’s entry is CreditYes.com – Predatory Lending ?
Dan Melson at Searchlight Crusade presents The Lender ’s Rule of Mortgage Payments
Praveen at My Simple Trading System presents Financial and Branding Lessons From Tyra Banks
Chuck Wants you to know The Joys Of Working From Home
Supermom in NY has Two Resources That Can Help Your Personal Finances
Mr. Hill brings us a Securitization of Real Estate : a brief history
Amanda at Young and Broke presents Bank Account Overload
What is the best bank account situation for married couples ?
Riding the Personal Finance Bandwagon
A rant about how I am becoming financial active , after reading personal finance blogs .
Imani Peterson at AmericanInventorSpot.com presents Easy Way to Password Protect Your Files
Last , but certainly not least we ’ve got Flexo ’s post .
He ’s the one who spends all the hours making sure the carnival moves along seamlessly each week from editor to editor .
Can you pit your raise against inflation and come out ahead ?
Your “ Real ” Raise
Wheeewwww !!!
Well that wraps it up this week ’s carnival of personal finance .
Next week it will be over at No Credit Needed .
The following correction was printed in the Observer 's For the record column , Sunday March 12 2006
In the article below , Dr Milton Wainwright was quoted as saying that red rain lacked DNA .
Dr Wainwright has asked us to make clear that currently he has no view on whether red rain contains DNA and that it is physicist Godfrey Louis who is of that view .
There is a small bottle containing a red fluid on a shelf in Sheffield University 's microbiology laboratory .
The liquid looks cloudy and uninteresting .
Yet , if one group of scientists is correct , the phial contains the first samples of extraterrestrial life isolated by researchers .
Inside the bottle are samples left over from one of the strangest incidents in recent meteorological history .
On 25 July , 2001 , blood - red rain fell over the Kerala district of western India .
And these rain bursts continued for the next two months .
All along the coast it rained crimson , turning local people 's clothes pink , burning leaves on trees and falling as scarlet sheets at some points .
Investigations suggested the rain was red because winds had swept up dust from Arabia and dumped it on Kerala .
But Godfrey Louis , a physicist at Mahatma Gandhi University in Kottayam , after gathering samples left over from the rains , concluded this was nonsense .
' If you look at these particles under a microscope , you can see they are not dust , they have a clear biological appearance . '
Instead Louis decided that the rain was made up of bacteria - like material that had been swept to Earth from a passing comet .
In short , it rained aliens over India during the summer of 2001 .
Not everyone is convinced by the idea , of course .
Indeed most researchers think it is highly dubious .
One scientist who posted a message on Louis 's website described it as ' bullshit ' .
But a few researchers believe Louis may be on to something and are following up his work .
Milton Wainwright , a microbiologist at Sheffield , is now testing samples of Kerala 's red rain .
' It is too early to say what 's in the phial , ' he said .
' But it is certainly not dust .
Nor is there any DNA there , but then alien bacteria would not necessarily contain DNA . '
Critical to Louis 's theory is the length of time the red rain fell on Kerala .
Two months is too long for it to have been wind - borne dust , he says .
In addition , one analysis showed the particles were 50 per cent carbon , 45 per cent oxygen with traces of sodium and iron : consistent with biological material .
Louis also discovered that , hours before the first red rain fell , there was a loud sonic boom that shook houses in Kerala .
Only an incoming meteorite could have triggered such a blast , he claims .
This had broken from a passing comet and shot towards the coast , shedding microbes as it travelled .
These then mixed with clouds and fell with the rain .
Many scientists accept that comets may be rich in organic chemicals and a few , such as the late Fred Hoyle , the UK theorist , argued that life on Earth evolved from microbes that had been brought here on comets .
But most researchers say that Louis is making too great a leap in connecting his rain with microbes from a comet .
For his part , Louis is unrepentant .
' If anybody hears a theory like this , that it is from a comet , they dismiss it as an unbelievable kind of conclusion .
Unless people understand our arguments - people will just rule it out as an impossible thing , that extra-terrestrial biology is responsible for this red rain . '
2ND UPDATE : * More Hollywood Reaction to Mel Gibson *
UPDATE : * Newly promoted president of production for Walt Disney Pictures Oren Aviv and Endeavor agency partner Ari Emanuel have both stepped forward and publicly expressed their opinion about Mel Gibson in light of his alleged anti-Semitic slurs made during his DUI arrest in Malibu Friday .
But the two Hollywood execs have very different views .*
Aviv visited the set of Mel Gibson ’s in - the - works movie Apocalpto months ago and came back singing its praises and predicting Oscar consideration .
So it stands to reason that he ’s now telling Slate ‘s Kim Masters : “ I ’ve worked with Mel on several films over the years and we have a great relationship .
We all make mistakes and I ’ve accepted his apology to what was a regrettable situation .
I wish him the very best on his path to healing . ”
It appears that Aviv ’s Disney , through its Buena Vista arm , will continue with plans to distribute Gibson ’s forthcoming film , Apocalpto .
Interestingly , the movie was supposed to be released August 4th but was moved to a December 8th release .
Shooting on the film ended in June after what was described as mounting delays .
But , in a May Entertainment Weekly article quoting Aviv , Disney was said to “ remain upbeat about the project , which reportedly costs less than $ 50 million .
‘ Mel showed us footage that blew us away , ’ says Oren Aviv , Disney ’s [ then ] chief creative officer who traveled to the set in March .
‘ Apocalpto has the chance to get critical recognition . ' ”
Which means Oscar notice .
But now ?
Stay tuned .
Still , Aviv has guts to publicly make a statement on this .
Emanuel , a top Hollywood agent , publicly urged Hollywood to shun Mel Gibson , making his statement by blogging on The Huffington Post .
Before that , just one or two publicity - seeking entertainment PR consultants have spoken out publicly about Gibson ’s slur scandal .
But Emanuel , the Endeavor talent agency partner , is taken very seriously in Hollywood .
( He writes regularly on political issues for HuffPo ; his brother is U.S. Rep. Rahm Emanuel ( D - Ill. ) , a former top Clinton White House politico . )
Other entertainment leaders — the top executives and producers and managers and agents and talent — have expressed opinions only on condition of anonymity .
Variety ‘s story Monday about the scandal ’s consequences to Gibson ’s career did n’t name one source .
Among the major showbiz players I talked to Saturday and Sunday , most were overwhelmingly angry at Gibson for his alleged slurs , several pledged never to hire him , and many others believed the drunken statements demonstrated Gibson ’s unmasked feelings about Jews .
One or two said they wanted to speak to Gibson first .
And all expressed the opinion that he needs to seek urgent help for his self - confessed alcoholic relapse .
UPDATE : * My Interview With Rabbi Hier Of Simon Wiesenthal Center About Mel Gibson : DUI Arrest ‘ Shows He Has A Problem With Jews … It ’s Not Just His Father That Is A Problem ’ ; Hier Calls On Gibson To Dump Holocaust TV Mini-Series *
Already , the national director of the Anti-Defamation League , Abraham H. Foxman , issued this statement on the organization ’s website : “ Mel Gibson ’s apology is unremorseful and insufficient .
It ’s not a proper apology because it does not go to the essence of his bigotry and his anti-Semitism .
His tirade finally reveals his true self and shows that his protestations during the debate over his film The Passion of the Christ , that he is such a tolerant , loving person , were a sham .
It may well be that the bigotry has been passed from the father to the son .
It is unfortunate that it took an excess of booze and an encounter with a traffic cop to reveal what was really in his heart and mind .
We would hope that Hollywood now would realize the bigot in their midst and that they will distance themselves from this anti-Semite . ”
Emanuel , who is Jewish , wrote on HuffPo : “ I wish Mel Gibson well in dealing with his alcoholism , but alcoholism does not excuse racism and anti-Semitism .
It is one thing when marginal figures with no credibility make anti-Semitic statements .
It is a completely different thing when a figure of Mel Gibson ’s stature does so .
Even when he sobers sobers up and apologizes .
According to the handwritten report of the deputy who pulled Gibson over , published by TMZ.com , after he was arrested Gibson launched into an anti-Semitic tirade , saying : “ Fucking Jews …
The Jews are responsible for all the wars in the world . ”
Gibson then asked the deputy , “ Are you a Jew ? ”
At a time of escalating tensions in the world , the entertainment industry cannot idly stand by and allow Mel Gibson to get away with such tragically inflammatory statements .
When The Passion of the Christ came out , Gibson was quoted as categorically denying any anti-Semitism attributed to him : “ For me , it goes against the tenets of my faith , to be racist in any form .
To be anti-Semitic is a sin .
It ’s been condemned by one Papal Council after another .
There ’s encyclicals on it , which is , you know — to be anti-Semitic is to be unchristian , and I ’m not . ”
Now we know the truth .
And no amount of publicist - approved contrition can paper it over .
People in the entertainment community , whether Jew or gentile , need to demonstrate that they understand how much is at stake in this by professionally shunning Mel Gibson and refusing to work with him , even if it means a sacrifice to their bottom line .
There are times in history when standing up against bigotry and racism is more important than money . ”
Click here for my weekend reporting on the Gibson Scandal .
The Los Angeles Times weighs in Monday with a weak next - day story “ Crossing This Line Could Cost Him Deals ” which fails to back up such a strong headline .
Taking geekiness to a whole new level , this page from the University of Vienna contains a spreadsheet in various windows formats which does realtime additive Fourier synthesis with sound output , a waveform and spectrogram .
I can't get it working ( I'm on a Mac today ) .
Anyone have any luck ?
Next up , a 303 emulator coded in Powerpoint ... ( via Bodmas
was passiert eigentlich , wenn man auf Digg.com zur Topnachricht avanciert ?
Nix , da der Server die Grätsche macht .
Und das passiert umso schneller , je mehr er belastet wird .
Gerade bei dynamisch generierten Weblogseiten wie WordPress ist das Limit bei ca. 10 konkurrierenden Zugriffen /sec. schnell erreicht .
10 Visits die Sekunde sind bei Digg.com durchaus realistisch = 600 Anfragen / Min , 36.000 Anfragen/h bzw .
bei normal konfigurierten WordPress Blogs sind das ca. 18.000 SQL Queries / Min bzw .
ca. 1 Mio Queries in der Stunde , wenn jede Anfrage einen Seitenaufruf bedeutet .
Man kann es mittlerweile regelmäßig beobachten , daß Digg mittlerweile so gut wie jede Webseite in die Knie zwingt .
Digg ist förmlich zu einer DoS -Webseite avanciert .
Was tun ?
1. Ein Notfall - Template bereithalten , das nur diesen 1 Artikel ( natürlich den , auf den der Digg - Link verweist ) enthält .
In der Einzelansicht und auf der Startseite .
Sobald Digg - Effekt eintritt , entsprechend umschalten .
Und nicht vergessen : Den richtigen Artikel anzeigen , nicht unbedingt den neuesten Artikel .
2 . Alle dynamischen Elemente ( WP Funktionen ) im Template ausschalten , lieber „ statisch “ arbeiten ( zB Abfrage der Artikelüberschrift , des Bloglabels , etc… ) .
Damit meine ich die Kategorie - und Monatslinks .
Dann die Kommentare sogar .
Alles , wie gesagt , was dynamisch generiert wird .
Optional eine Umleitung auf eine statische HTML - Datei einbauen .
Diese Arbeit übernimmt btw auch WP Cache .
Man kann damit einer Vollsperre des Providers vorbeugen , bei Erreichen des Trafficlimits bzw .
zu starker Last auf einem Shared Host .
3. Alle Plugins soweit es irgendwie nur geht deaktivieren , da diese eine zusätzliche Last erzeugen .
4 . So gut wie keine Images mehr im Template verwenden
5. Warndreieck rausholen : Darauf hinweisen , daß man das Template aus Performancegründen temporär ausgewechselt hat .
Somit muss sich der User über das Ekel - Design nicht wundern .
Und man erhöht uU auch die Wiederkehrerquote ( wenn der Trubel vorbei ist und man etwas Glück hat , ist das Besucherniveau dauerhaft um 10 - 20 % höher ) .
6. Videos / Bilder fremdhosten : Handelt es sich um eine auf dem eigenen Werbserver gehostete Videodatei handelt , so schnell wie nur möglich das Video auf Google Video hochladen und im Blog embedden .
Google Video arbeitet bei hoher Last besser als YouTube.com .
Ebenso bei einem Bild : Auf Flickr.com laden und im Blogartikel integrieren .
Traffic wird dann von Flickr bzw .
Google Video „ gesponsort “ 🙂 Damit verhindert man zusätzliche Traffickosten , die durchaus sehr hoch werden könnten .
LinkedIn - Guide gratis !
Melde dich für unser wöchentliches BT kompakt an und erhalte als Dank unseren großen Linked In - Guide kostenlos dazu !
Weitere Maßnahmen ?
While there are so many concepts out there that businesses and individuals can adopt to get better , there is no denying that Six Sigma is one of the … [ More ]
For a quick lookup of any element , attribute , or component .
Everything you need to know about XUL all in one place .
XUL Tutorial
The XUL Tutorial was created by Neil Deakin
Last updated on June 3 , 2005
Welcome to the XUL tutorial .
This tutorial describes XUL , the XML User- interface Language .
This language was created for the Mozilla application and is used to define its user interface .
This tutorial describes XUL as it is used in Mozilla 1.7 and Firefox 1.0 .
Astonishing Twins Thursday , May 4 , 2006
Posted by jamshaid in Science & Technology
Today i got an email from a friend about this twins .
Whats very surprising about them as you can see in the pic below , is that the two little girls are different coloured – one white and the other black !
A mixed - race British mom has given birth to twins – one of each .
No , not a boy and a girl , two girls – one black , the other white .
The odds of such a birth are about a million to one , experts said .
" It was a shock when I realized that my twins were two different colors , " Kylie Hodgson , 19 , told London 's Daily Mail .
" But it does n't matter to us – they are just our two gorgeous little girls . "
Hodgson and her partner , Remi Horder , 17 , were both born to mixed - race parents .
Little Kian and Remee share a love of apples and the Teletubbies , their proud mom says .
Fertility experts speculate that a sperm containing all - white genes fused with an egg with all - white genes , and a sperm with all - black genes fused with an all - black gene egg to produce the fraternal twins .
It is a brilliant blue winter morning in Oxford .
In the city centre , surrounded by golden stone walls and college battlements , the 125th and newest branch of Primark is open for its second day of business .
A neat , middle - aged woman comes out of the shop with three full carrier bags .
What has she bought ?
The woman gives a satisfied look .
" All sorts .
Baby clothes for my grandson ... "
She pauses .
" Well , handbags mainly , actually . "
She opens one of her carriers and offers a glimpse of a woven handbag in a pleasing pastel .
How many bags has she bought ?
Her expression sharpens to something between guilt and mischief : " Nine . "
How much were they ?
" £ 3 each . "
But what is she going to do with nine handbags ?
Is she going to sell them ?
" No . "
She pauses again , as if the answer is quite obvious .
" You never know when a bag is going to come in handy when they 're £ 3 a time . "
In Britain in recent years , as in other rich countries , many consumer goods have become deliciously , dizzyingly cheap .
Since 1995 , according to the Office for National Statistics ( ONS ) , the price of women 's clothing has fallen by 34 % , the price of a vacuum cleaner by 45 % , of home audio- visual equipment by 73 % , and of personal computers - adjusting the price index to take account of their improved capabilities - by a scarcely believeable 93 % .
Economists have struggled to find historical precedents for such plunging prices at a time of high consumer demand .
" There is a strange conjucture : deflation and boom , " wrote the veteran commentator Hamish McRae in the Independent on Sunday in 2004 .
" There has not been anything quite like this since the 1930s or ... the period 1870 - 1913 , " eras when prices fell despite growing consumer appetites .
And in those days there was no Primark or easyJet , no Zara or Ikea , no Book People , Matalan or TK Maxx ; no supermarkets or factory outlets ; no ubiquitous three - for - two offers ; no instant price comparisons via the internet ; no weekly women 's magazines urging weekly wardrobe revisions ; no just - in - time production , and overnight global distribution , and myriad factories humming in China .
" We 're in uncharted waters , " says Richard Hyman , managing director of the retail analysts Verdict Research .
" This deflation is not cyclical .
Our forecasts do not anticipate any major increase in retail price inflation ever again . "
Hyman , like most adults in most wealthy societies , grew up in the late 20th century decades when inflation was a prominent , recurring anxiety .
The public and politicians , and the media , often took rising prices to mean that things , in a cosmic or a very concrete sense , were getting worse .
The implications of modern deflation may be equally large .
Yet while the production of cheap modern consumer goods , and in particular its social and environmental costs , has justifiably received a lot of attention , the consumption of these products has been examined less .
How is the era of the £ 3 handbag affecting our attitudes to possessions ?
Are we happier or less content with what we have ?
Are cheap goods liberating or imprisoning ?
And what - once we 've bought them , and especially once we 've finished with them - do we do with them all ?
How we shop is the first stage in how we consume , and even a few minutes in the Oxford Primark tells you that shopping has changed .
The sound is the first thing : a thick hum of conversation , almost at party volume , anticipation mingling with delight mingling with satisfaction ; and the constant plastic clatter of clothes rails and hangers being rapidly rifled .
Department stores during the sales sound like this , but not nearly as loud , and the Oxford Primark has opened in February with national consumer activity , according to the official figures , in an even deeper seasonal trough than usual .
Yet the shop 's plain interior is as busy as Harrods , with people in tracksuits and people in tweed , teenagers , pensioners , mothers and men with fashionable bags .
And the Primark shopping baskets they carry are half the size of a beer barrel .
In the old days , customers in clothes shops bought things in ones and twos ; at Primark , they cater for people buying in dozens .
Many professional observers think this new shopping culture is a great improvement .
Hyman says , " There 's an American adage : the customer is king .
In the UK , all it has ever been is an adage .
Now , for the first time , it 's reality . "
Gareth Coombs of the Cambridge Strategy Centre , a retail consultancy , sees the social implications : " People used to define themselves as shopping at a certain level .
' I 'm an M&S shopper . '
It defined your place in the world .
Those sort of rules are n't sustainable any more . "
Tamar Kasriel of the Henley Centre , the social forecasters , is blunter : " The idea that cheap goods are for poor people is totally history . "
Cheap goods in themselves are hardly new .
In fact , it is striking how long the retailers at the centre of the current British bargain boom have been around .
Primark began trading in Britain in the early 1970s , TopShop in the early 1960s , and most of the supermarkets soon after the second world war .
Resale price maintenance , which restricted by law the ability of shops to discount goods , was abolished in 1964 .
Yet , for decades afterwards , more subtle limits on " the value sector " , as it was a little dismissively known , endured .
Britain being Britain , one of these was class .
It is probably not a coincidence that the countries with the longest established cheap retail cultures are the ones with a strong current of social mobility and relative classlessness , such as America and postwar Germany and modern Ireland .
In Britain , until the loosening of class structures during the 1980s and 1990s , things were different .
" Cheapness had a connotation , " says Gillian Cutress , editor of the Official Great British Factory Shop Guide .
In 1985 , when she started researching her first pioneering book on discount outlets , she quickly became aware that she was entering sensitive territory .
Cutress was an out - of - work zoologist living in Nottingham .
She was a Londoner with a determined manner , an interest in factories , and a totally unsqueamish appetite for bargains then considered rare among the professional classes .
The East Midlands , she soon discovered , was full of clothing and footwear manufacturers who sold off their seconds and surplus lines at big discounts to staff and people in the know .
But these factory outlets were open only a few hours a week and were not advertised : " Many of the manufacturers wanted them to be kept quiet because they did n't want to upset the retailers [ which they also supplied ] . "
As Cutress drove round industrial estates asking nosy questions , she also discovered something else : " People made the assumption that our readers would be people with less disposable income . "
This assumption proved wrong .
" Our readership turned out to be people with time and spare money , " says Cutress .
Over the next 20 years , her guides got thicker and glossier and came to cover the whole country , selling more than 600,000 copies .
More than that , however , they contributed to a slow but significant shift in British consumer thinking .
Until well into the 1990s , the idea that Britain was expensive and that there was little shoppers could do about it was widely held .
" Rip - off Britain " became a frequent target for newspaper campaigns , but the solution usually offered was for the government to intervene or for consumers to stock up in the cheaper supermarkets across the channel .
Yet while the controversy sputtered on , many shoppers were quietly finding new ways to avoid paying the full price .
Factory outlets , like the low - cost airlines that started up in Britain in the mid-1990s , taught people that the price of goods was not written in stone but subject to context and , in particular , the balance of power between seller and buyer .
" There is no guilt any more at being brutal about seeking the best price , " says Coombs .
Instead of guilt , there is pleasure .
As well as the money people save by finding bargains , Coombs and other analysts talk about the satisfaction felt by consumers when they " get a victory " over a retailer - and when they tell their friends about it afterwards .
The latter activity , in a sure sign of its popularity , has recently acquired a would - be scientific label : " compulsive price disclosure " .
But after you have bragged about your bargains you have to live with them .
And at this stage you may become aware that cheap consumer goods do not always go with the grain of other current British social trends .
" Over the last 10 years , " says Hyman , " we calculate that women have doubled the average number of womenswear items they buy in a year . "
But over the same period , the cost of living space has been rising as fast , or even faster .
One consequence , says David Mitchell , technical director of the Housebuilders ' Federation , is that developers are " keeping new houses as small as possible to keep the price down " .
Meanwhile , planning regulations and the changing tastes of home - owners are filling these dwellings with ever larger and more numerous bathrooms , and more fitted kitchen appliances .
The space left over for storage is shrinking accordingly .
" It is a worry , " Mitchell says .
" Eventually something 's got to give between how much we own and how much space we live in . "
The solutions may not be elegant .
Garden sheds , he says , are growing in popularity , as cheap spaces for general storage rather than tools .
" And some developers are making garages half a metre longer than they need to be so people can put stuff at the back . "
Many homeowners have already gone further : in a current article on outer - London suburbia , the sociologist Paul Barker notes that most garages have been given over to " household junk " .
The cars are parked in people 's front gardens .
For people who have exhausted , or never had such hoarding possibilities , there is the modern self - storage industry .
Until the mid-1990s , the idea of keeping many of your possessions in a locked room away from where you lived was largely foreign to Britain , and confined to bigger countries with more mobile populations , such as America .
Now there are about 700 British storage facilities , says Rodney Walker , chief executive of the Self - Storage Association , and the business is expanding at 10 % a year .
" It is a local market in most cases , " he says .
" Customers live nearby . "
Does he think the take - off in demand has anything to do with the simultaneous boom in cheap goods ?
" You 're not on the wrong track . "
You could see all this hoarding as a sign of a growing attachment to possessions .
But Coombs sees it as the opposite .
" What was in the living room this year will be in the bedroom next year and in the junk room the year after , " he says .
Kasriel says the chance to sell to eBay has boosted much we buy .
" You can tell yourself you have a sensible financial route out . "
Unashamedly " disposable " cheap goods , you could argue , are turning us into traders rather than curators of our possessions .
It is another victory for capitalism : we have internalised the unsentimental stock control of the modern retailer .
Juliet Schor , an American economist and leading critic of the bargain boom , thinks this new form of ownership is less pleasurable than the old one .
" The psychologically satisfying process of personalisation that occurs when products are acquired and retained , is truncated , " she writes in a recent essay .
" Attachment is briefer and there is the constant pain of divestiture [ getting rid of things ] . "
What individual possessions represent to us is , she says , " more externally driven " - by marketing and advertising - and " less under the control of the individual consumer " .
Shoppers at Primark in Oxford are cheerier about all this .
" I was brought up with thrift , " says an elderly man with a cravat and a perfect white moustache .
" Brought up not to buy anything unless the old thing was worn out .
But three T - shirts for a fiver ... "
He holds them up : " They look very good . "
His eyes sparkle : " This is incredible . "
I ask the woman with all the handbags what she does when her cupboards get full at home .
" I 'll just have a clear - out , " she says without hesitation .
" Take stuff to charity .
Chuck it away if it 's broken . "
Another woman , prosperous - looking , who has bought a duvet , towels and T - shirts for her three children , says with a mildly troubled expression : " I know we live in a throwaway society .
It 's bad for the environment .
It 's wasteful .
But at home , when we can't fit anything more on the clothes rails , I try and pass it to a collection for the third world . "
She says her family reaches this point " quite often " .
Mending things is coming to seem old - fashioned .
" The financial equation 's changed , " says Coombs .
" The price of getting a DVD player looked at is probably half what it cost .
And we 're time poor .
Why waste the time ? "
On Tottenham Court Road in central London , the capital 's traditional quarter for selling and fixing electronic goods , a man called Vic is living with the consequences of this shift .
He has been repairing gadgets round here for 20 years , but his current premises feel less than permanent .
At the back of one of the more downmarket shops there is a sign partly obscured by a cheap flat - screen television ; through a nearby open hatch , there is a windowless room full of shelves and ailing camcorders where Vic works .
" Ten years ago , people started closing the local repair shops , " he explains , with his trademark mix of patience and weariness .
" But if anyone brought anything into a shop round here to be fixed , the shop would say , ' Go to Vic . '
Now the shops say , ' Do n't bother .
Just buy a new one . ' "
He claims manufacturers are deliberately making disposable products : " They only last as long as the guarantee .
So they can sell more rubbish .
If the machine needs a part , you have to buy it from the manufacturer for £ 100 , £ 200 - and we have to put labour on top .
If I can't charge £ 50 [ for that ] I can't survive around here . "
He says he can fix so many different gadgets that there will always be work for him .
But in future , he believes , electronic handymen wo n't exist ; there will only be specialists , mending the most expensive items .
Everything else will be thrown out at the first hint of malfunction .
According to the European Commission , " Electro - scrap is the fastest growing waste stream [ in the EU ] , growing at 3 - 5 % per year " , three times faster than domestic waste in general .
In 2002 , a European directive was issued requiring member countries to ensure the " re-use , recovery and recycling " of discarded electronic goods .
Some retail analysts think the directive - especially its sections on the " financial obligations of producers " to be environmentally responsible , and on how " consumers will be able to take [ discarded ] products back to shops for free " - will have a significant effect on the cheap electronics market .
But Britain and several other countries have yet to comply .
The harmful metals and chemicals in many electrical goods , and the difficulty of disposing of them , make the less palatable consequences of increased consumption obvious .
The afterlife of discarded budget clothing is more ambiguous .
Since 1990 , the global trade in secondhand garments has grown tenfold .
Clothes are collected in rich countries by charities and commercial traders , shipped to poor countries and sold by local stallholders .
In some African countries , more than 80 % of people buy secondhand garments , and it is the dominant source of clothing .
" Affordability is the key reason , " concluded a report by the charity Oxfam last year , " [ but ] fashion and consumer preferences also seem to be shifting away from traditional , ' African ' - style to more ' western ' - style clothing . "
Oxfam also concluded that secondhand imports were likely to have played a role in the collapse of garment manufacturing in parts of Africa since the 1980s .
The trade was tainted as well by " considerable customs fraud " , which reduced government revenues across the continent .
Yet the report identified considerable benefits too ; hundreds of thousands of livelihoods in Africa were supported by washing , repairing , restyling , distributing and selling the clothes .
The charity 's real worry is not the ethics of the trade but the quantity and quality of the garments nowadays .
" Over the last seven years , " says Barney Tallack , Oxfam 's deputy trading director , " a greater proportion has been of cheaper quality . "
A T - shirt that costs £ 3 new can't be sold for much secondhand at an Oxfam shop in Britain .
To make the same profit as before the bargain clothing boom began , the shop needs to receive , sort , clean and sell more garments .
" We have to work harder , " says Tallack .
At the cavernous Oxfam shop in Dalston , in east London , the most profitable in the country , the clothes rails are like crammed graveyards for discount labels : TopShop , Zara , Hennes , Old Navy , George Essentials .
The bright clean colours of many of the clothes have barely faded ; the garments look hardly worn .
In the storeroom behind the shop there are three booths , each the size of several phoneboxes , piled with bags of clothing .
" They 're usually almost filled to the ceiling , " says the manager .
The diminishing returns yielded by discount clothing may also ultimately destroy the global secondhand trade .
Such items deteriorate quickly , says Alan Wheeler of the textile recycling association .
" People in Africa do not want to wear tatty clothes . "
For all the pleasures and popularity and modernity of the bargain boom , a strong sense remains that it is too good to last .
Even the Primark shoppers in Oxford share it .
I ask the woman with the handbags if she thinks the prices of such things will stay this low for good .
" No , I do n't , " she says .
Buying nine handbags suddenly seems less like the confident exercise of a new consumer power and more like the nervy instinct of the old - style bargain hunter : never hesitate when faced with a special offer .
The frivolity of buying a £ 3 T - shirt can be overstated .
For the comfortably off , money saved on cheap basic goods can be spent on luxuries .
" Connoisseurship moves to other areas , " says the social observer Peter York , such as house alterations and designer labels .
" But for everyone else , cheap goods are simply affordable . "
For a rich country , Britain has a lot of people who are short of money .
One of them was the last person I interviewed outside Primark .
She was 21 , smartly dressed , and worked for Oxford city council .
" I shop in cheap shops , " she said .
" The council does n't pay enough and Oxford is an expensive place to live .
My council tax is going up .
The rent , the travel ... "
Since 1995 , according to the ONS , average rail fares have risen 36 % , the cost of petrol 63 % , and the average council tax by 100 % .
As many goods have got cheaper , many services - particularly those which cannot , for now at least , be performed from countries with cheaper labour - have got more expensive .
The ONS index of the overall cost of services is up by almost half over the past 10 years .
Then there are university fees , the pensions crisis , unemployment swelling again , the frightening prices of gas and oil ; Coombs characterises these contemporary financial pressures as " a vague rumbling in the background " of the lives of otherwise confident modern consumers .
Kasriel provides evidence that the anxiety and the profligacy are sometimes linked : " In one of our focus groups last year , someone said , ' You used to save because you did n't know what was going to happen .
Now you spend because you do n't know what 's going to happen . ' "
Ethical and political considerations have yet to check this impulse significantly .
Western consumers have known about the Victorian environmental practices , pay rates and working conditions of Asian manufacturing since at least the start of the decade .
" Poor people [ there ] are subsidising the standard of living of consumers in the rich north , " as Schor puts it .
However , she continues , " The connection between labour conditions and price has not yet been made . "
Or it has been made by consumers , and then quietly put to the back of their minds .
At Primark in Oxford , the shoppers all sounded genuinely concerned when I brought up the cheap labour issue , but they did not linger over the subject .
An even less pleasurable topic never came up at all : that there is a political as well as an economic world order that makes modern discount shopping possible .
The overwhelming power of America , the lingering power of Europe and the other traditionally rich parts of the world , and recent economic history all play their part .
Schor points out that the bargain boom began shortly after the Asian financial crisis of the late 1990s ; in countries such as Indonesia and Thailand , there was suddenly an increased supply of people prepared to work for very low wages .
It is hard to read a newspaper without realising that this balance of power between east and west is altering .
In this context , the big questions about how we live with our cheap possessions and whether we really like them and what we do when we 've finished with them may ultimately be dwarfed by an even bigger issue .
" If other countries come to dominate , " Schor says crisply , " We may be the ones producing cheap T - shirts " .
Introduction
CSSTidy is an opensource CSS parser and optimiser .
It is available as executeable file ( available for Windows , Linux and OSX ) which can be controlled per command line and as PHP script ( both with almost the same functionality ) .
In opposite to most other CSS parsers , no regular expressions are used and thus CSSTidy has full CSS2 support and a higher reliability .
Features ( " a " stands for all selectors , " margin " stands for all properties ) :
colours like " black " or rgb ( 0,0,0 ) are converted to # 000000 or rather # 000 if possible .
Some hex - codes are replaced by their colour names if they are shorter .
a{property : x; property : y;} becomes a{property : y;} ( all duplicate properties are merged )
margin : 1 px 1px 1px 1 px ; becomes margin:1px ;
margin:0 px ; becomes margin:0 ;
a{margin - top:10 px ; margin - bottom : 10 px ; margin - left:10 px ; margin - right : 10 px ;} becomes a{margin:10 px ; }
margin :010.0 px ; becomes margin:10 px ;
all unnecessary whitespace is removed , depending on the compression - level
all background - properties are merged
all comments are removed
the last semicolon in every block can be removed
missing semicolons are added , incorrect newlines in strings are fixed , missing units are added , bad colors ( and color names ) are fixed
property : value !
important ; becomes property : value ! important ;
Why optimise ?
If you optimise your CSS code you have faster loading pages and lower traffic costs .
So both you and your visitors benefit from an optimisation .
If you are interested in a faster loading webpage , websiteoptimization.com might also be an interesting resource .
Compression ratio
The compression ratio mostly depends on the level of whitespace - removal .
Using standard whitespace - removal ( which preserves the readability ) the compression ratio often is 30 % and more .
In theory the compression ratio can be 99,99 % but only very " stupid " stylesheets will allow those ratios .
Also have a look at the examples .
Apart from compression
If a high compression is not important for you , you can also use CSSTidy to format or fix CSS code for a higher browser compatibility .
Apart from the 4 default templates you can specify custom templates so that you can easily format a lot of CSS code using your own coding style .
Other features are sorting and changing the case of selectors and properties .
61,106 Drawings -
The total number of drawings in our buildings database - the largest skyscraper diagram in existence .
47,389 Structures Drawn -
The number of buildings and other structures that have been drawn .
Some of these structures have more than one drawing .
33,574 Completed Highrises Drawn -
The number of completed highrise buildings that have been drawn ( building must currently exist , 2020 ) .
A comparison of peoples ' views in 34 countries finds that the United States ranks near the bottom when it comes to public acceptance of evolution .
Only Turkey ranked lower .
Among the factors contributing to America 's low score are poor understanding of biology , especially genetics , the politicization of science and the literal interpretation of the Bible by a small but vocal group of American Christians , the researchers say .
“ American Protestantism is more fundamentalist than anybody except perhaps the Islamic fundamentalist , which is why Turkey and we are so close , ” said study co-author Jon Miller of Michigan State University .
The researchers combined data from public surveys on evolution collected from 32 European countries , the United States and Japan between 1985 and 2005 .
Adults in each country were asked whether they thought the statement “ Human beings , as we know them , developed from earlier species of animals , ” was true , false , or if they were unsure .
The study found that over the past 20 years :
The percentage of U.S. adults who accept evolution declined from 45 to 40 percent .
The percentage overtly rejecting evolution declined from 48 to 39 percent , however .
And the percentage of adults who were unsure increased , from 7 to 21 percent .
Of the other countries surveyed , only Turkey ranked lower , with about 25 percent of the population accepting evolution and 75 percent rejecting it .
In Iceland , Denmark , Sweden and France , 80 percent or more of adults accepted evolution ; in Japan , 78 percent of adults did .
The findings are detailed in the Aug. 11 issue of the journal Science .
Religion belief and evolution
The researchers also compared 10 independent variables — including religious belief , political ideology and understanding of concepts from genetics , or “ genetic literacy ” — between adults in America and nine European countries to determine whether these factors could predict attitudes toward evolution .
The analysis found that Americans with fundamentalist religious beliefs — defined as belief in substantial divine control and frequent prayer — were more likely to reject evolution than Europeans with similar beliefs .
The researchers attribute the discrepancy to differences in how American Christian fundamentalist and other forms of Christianity interpret the Bible .
While American fundamentalists tend to interpret the Bible literally and to view Genesis as a true and accurate account of creation , mainstream Protestants in both the United States and Europe instead treat Genesis as metaphorical , the researchers say .
“ Whether it ’s the Bible or the Koran , there are some people who think it ’s everything you need to know , ” Miller said .
“ Other people say these are very interesting metaphorical stories in that they give us guidance , but they ’re not science books . ”
This latter view is also shared by the Catholic Church .
Politics and the Flat Earth
Politics is also contributing to America 's widespread confusion about evolution , the researchers say .
Major political parties in the United States are more willing to make opposition to evolution a prominent part of their campaigns to garner conservative votes — something that does not happen in Europe or Japan .
Miller says that it makes about as much sense for politicians to oppose evolution in their campaigns as it is for them to advocate that the Earth is flat and promise to pass legislation saying so if elected to office .
" You can pass any law you want but it wo n't change the shape of the Earth , " Miller told LiveScience .
Paul Meyers , a biologist at the University of Minnesota who was not involved in the study , says that what politicians should be doing is saying , ' We ought to defer these questions to qualified authorities and we should have committees of scientists and engineers who we will approach for the right answers . "
The researchers also single out the poor grasp of biological concepts , especially genetics , by American adults as an important contributor to the country 's low confidence in evolution .
“ The more you understand about genetics , the more you understand about the unity of life and the relationship humans have to other forms of life , ” Miller said .
The current study also analyzed the results from a 10 - country survey in which adults were tested with 10 true or false statements about basic concepts from genetics .
One of the statements was " All plants and animals have DNA . "
Americans had a median score of 4 .
( The correct answer is " yes . " )
Science alone is not enough
But the problem is more than one of education — it goes deeper , and is a function of our country 's culture and history , said study co-author Eugenie Scott , director of the National Center for Science Education in California .
“ The rejection of evolution is not something that will be solved by throwing science at it , ” Scott said in a telephone interview .
Myers expressed a similar sentiment .
About the recent trial in Dover , Pennsylvania which ruled against intelligent design , Myers said " it was a great victory for our side and it ’s done a lot to help ensure that we keep religion out of the classroom for a while longer , but it does n’t address the root causes .
The creationists are still creationists — they 're not going to change because of a court decision . "
Scott says one thing that will help is to have Catholics and mainstream Protestants speak up about their theologies ' acceptance of evolution .
" There needs to be more addressing of creationism from these more moderate theological perspectives , " Scott said .
“ The professional clergy and theologians whom I know tend to be very reluctant to engage in that type of ‘ my theology versus your theology ’ discussion , but it matters because it ’s having a negative effect on American scientific literacy . "
The latest packaging of creationism is intelligent design , or ID , a conjecture which claims that certain features of the natural world are so complex that they could only be the work of a Supreme Being .
ID proponents say they do not deny that evolution is true , only that scientists should not rule out the possibility of supernatural intervention .
But scientists do not share doubts over evolution .
They argue it is one of the most well tested theories around , supported by countless tests done in many different scientific fields .
Scott says promoting uncertainty about evolution is just as bad as denying it outright and that ID and traditional creationism both spread the same message .
“ Both are saying that evolution is bad science , that evolution is weak and inadequate science , and that it ca n’t do the job so therefore God did it , ” she said .
Another view
Bruce Chapman , the president of the Discovery Institute , the primary backer of ID , has a different view of the study .
" A better explanation for the high percentage of doubters of Darwinism in America may be that this country 's citizens are famously independent and are not given to being rolled by an ideological elite in any field , " Chapman said .
" In particular , the growing doubts about Darwinism undoubtedly reflect growing doubts among scientists about Darwinian theory .
Over 640 have now signed a public dissent and the number keeps growing . "
Nick Matzke of the National Center for Science Education in California points out , however , that most of the scientists Chapman refers to do not do research in the field of evolution .
" If you look at the list , you can't find anybody who 's really a significant contributor to the field or anyone who 's done recognizable work on evolution , " Matzke said .
Scott says the news is not all bad .
The number of American adults unsure about the validity of evolution has increased in recent years , from 7 to 21 percent , but growth in this demographic comes at the expense of the other two groups .
The percentage of Americans accepting evolution has declined , but so has the percentage of those who overtly reject it .
" I was very surprised to see that .
To me that means the glass is half full , ” Scott said .
“ That 21 percent we can educate . "
Evolving Issue
Top 10 Missing Links Discoveries that have helped build the puzzle of mankind 's evolution .
Creation Myths Legends that helped define civilizations past and present .
Vestigal Organs Darwin argued that useless limbs and leftover organs are evidence of evolution .
SPECIAL REPORT Evolution & Intelligent Design
PART 1 An Ambiguous Assault on Evolution This Trojan Horse for Creationism has become very popular .
But who is being duped ?
And what does it all mean for morality ?
PART 2 ' The Death of Science ' Intelligent design is presented as a legitimate scientific theory and an alternative to Darwinism , but a close look at the arguments shows they do n't pass scientific muster .
So why are scientists worried ?
PART 3 Belief Posing as Theory
As evolution takes a beating , scientists remind us of the difference between fact , theory and belief .
PART 4 : Anti-evolution Attacks on the Rise Each time the effort to introduce creationism into classrooms starts up again , so does legislation aimed against evolution .
Learn about the rash of recent cases , plus a look at historically pertinent court cases .
PLUS How Evolution Works
You do n't have to be well liked to succeed
Think career success is linked to popularity ?
Think again .
To achieve greatness you have to make some people mad along the way .
( Business 2.0 Magazine ) - A lot of my Stanford MBA students seem to want , above all , to be liked by their peers .
They avoid arguing too vigorously with one another in class and tell me their goal is to build a network of supportive friends .
They seem convinced that they 'll have great careers if only they can develop reputations for getting along .
In a class called " The Paths to Power , " I try to disabuse them of that simplistic notion .
And one way I do it is by introducing them to Keith Ferrazzi .
Currently running his own consulting firm , Ferrazzi earned his MBA at Harvard in 1992 and quickly became a star at Deloitte Consulting .
Starwood Hotels ( Research ) hired him as its chief marketing officer at age 32 , reportedly making him the youngest CMO in the Fortune 500 .
In 2000 he became CEO of YaYa , a marketing and entertainment company , where he more than doubled revenue each year -- even during the dotcom implosion .
He sold the company to American Vantage in 2003 .
More from Business 2.0 Live chat : your new online salesperson
The hijack - proof truck
Server farm goes solar
Quiz
Take the quiz Can you survive office politics ?
To be successful , you must be politically savvy .
Find out if you have Political Intelligence by seeing whether you disagree or agree with how the following situations were handled .
1 . You 're frustrated because you 're stuck in a dead - end job and your boss is an idiot .
You just wish that a headhunter would call and make you a better offer .
Venting your frustrations with trusted colleagues will help you manage your stress .
Agree
Disagree
Ferrazzi makes no attempt to hide his ambitions , and advises others to be equally forthright .
When I invited him to speak to my class , he audaciously asked that I make his new book required reading .
( He now denies doing this . )
Then , in a talk sprinkled with expletives , he encouraged students to sort the people they knew into A , B , and C lists based on relevance to their career goals -- and to spend more time with the A's .
With regard to their future jobs , Ferrazzi advised them to focus on activities they do well and stop worrying about being so well - rounded .
Although he had promised to stay for two classes , he left halfway through the second to have lunch with a client .
My students are usually put off by Ferrazzi at first , but they eventually see how an overwhelming drive not to offend can hamper a career .
Take what Ferrazzi did when he graduated from Harvard .
With offers from both Deloitte and McKinsey , he accepted the Deloitte job on one condition : that he could dine with the firm 's CEO , Pat Loconto , three times a year .
Deloitte agreed , and Loconto became a valuable mentor .
By the time he left for Starwood , Ferrazzi sat on Deloitte 's executive committee and had been nominated for partner .
When asked how he dared to make a request that might threaten peers and shock his future boss , Ferrazzi says , " It gave me visibility and a leg up on my competitors . "
With all the talk about teamwork so in vogue in business education , he reminds us that colleagues are n't always on our side .
Those early days in Ferrazzi 's career -- before he had the power that comes with fancy titles -- illustrate the advantages of being willing to make waves .
Though he joined Deloitte as an entry - level consultant , Ferrazzi behaved like a senior partner from the get - go .
Rather than spending all his time on detailed analysis -- the bane of most junior consultants -- he drummed up new business .
He founded the Lincoln Award for Business Excellence ( modeled on the Baldrige Award ) in Illinois , making himself president and persuading top Chicago CEOs to serve as judges and board members .
Few people can summon that kind of courage so early in their careers , but actions like those put Ferrazzi in a position to be appointed partner , even though , by his own admission , he was not the world 's best nuts - and - bolts consultant .
Of course , some people might say that if you anger enough people on the way up , they 'll eventually take you down .
Maybe , but it's also true that people like to associate with winners .
When Ferrazzi first joined Deloitte , he would make a big deal at cocktail parties about what he had done and what he wanted to do .
Fellow new hires were put off , but most of them eventually came to like him -- or at least to understand that it was in their best interests to be on his A - list .
Many of us achieve modest success by being a standout in , but remaining one of , the crowd .
Going beyond that means dealing with the inevitable consequence that some people will dislike you .
Perhaps Steve Spurrier , the former Florida football coach who compiled a 122 - 27 - 1 record and won a national championship , puts it best .
" If people like you too much , " he says , " it 's probably because they 're beating you . "
__________________________________________________
Can you survive office politics ?
Take the quiz .
Business 2.0 columnist Jeffrey Pfeffer is the Thomas D. Dee II Professor of Organizational Behavior at Stanford University 's Graduate School of Business .
To send a letter to the editor about this story , click here
What Would the Founders Do About Terrorism ?
Mr. Brookhiser is the author of Rules of Civility , Founding Father , The Way of the WASP , Alexander Hamilton , and The Adamses .
He was the curator of the Hamilton exhibit at the New - York Historical Society .
His latest book is What Would the Founders Do ? , from which this article is drawn .
Eighteenth century warfare was supposed to be a civilized affair , with elaborate rules for how prisoners should be treated , exchanged or paroled .
When the British lost the battle of Saratoga in 1778 , the American commander , Gen. Horatio Gates , signed a convention allowing Gen.
John Burgoyne and his men to go home , so long as they promised not to return to fight again in America .
The terms caused some grumbling , since -- the homecoming enemy would free up other troops to replace them .
But before Burgoyne could sail away , he unwisely complained of the temporary accommodations the Americans gave him , which allowed them to claim that he had rejected the convention , and to hold his men prisoner .
Such were the rules , and often the practice .
But war shaded into terror , especially when it was fought in remote or chaotic areas .
Frontier warfare , involving Indian allies and enemies , was brutal on both sides .
Joseph Brant , a/k / a Thayendanegea , was a Mohawk chief who led murderous raids on patriot farmers in New York and Pennsylvania , killing women and children as well as soldiers .
Brant was no savage - he was a devout Episcopalian who helped translate the Gospel of Mark into Mohawk -- he simply behaved savagely in wartime .
George Washington responded by sending Gen. John Sullivan to destroy the Indians ' towns , crops and " everything that was to be found . "
Sullivan , who had the help of friendly Oneidas , laid forty villages to waste ; Brant 's raids only redoubled .
In the south , guerilla warfare raged between patriots and loyalists .
Gen. Nathanael Greene , sent to retrieve the military situation in the Carolinas in 1781 , wrote in shock to his wife Caty about what he found there .
" The sufferings and distress of the inhabitants beggars [ sic ] all description .
... they persecute each other with little less than savage fury . "
Recently , the historian David Hackett Fischer has popularized an ethnic theory of southern exceptionalism to explain such conduct : southerners fight ferociously because they always have , back to their pre-immigration days in Ulster and the Scotch - English border .
There is something to this , but the American Revolution became vicious wherever neither side clearly controlled territory , and fighting fell by default to bands of irregulars .
Westchester County , north of British - occupied New York , was another such no - man 's land ; there the marauders were called cowboys .
Early in the war , Gen. Charles Lee , a radical , eccentric English officer who had settled in Virginia and taken up the American cause , envisioned a guerilla struggle , involving punitive measures against American loyalists .
Native - born officers like Washington and Greene preferred to rely on a professional army , responsible to the politicians in Congress .
No doubt they were motivated , in part , by pride : they wanted to show the enemy , their former rulers , that they were not rubes leading some rag - tag uprising .
But they also dreaded the civil commotion that Lee evidently welcomed .
Washington and Greene were right .
John Adams guessed that a third of the American people supported the Revolution , a third opposed it , and a third were indifferent .
The key factor in shifting those numbers as the war progressed was the brutal conduct of pro-British irregulars .
Since the British army controlled less territory , they were more reliant on such help .
The Americans did n't always do right , but they did right more often than their enemies , and it did them a lot of good .
Related Links 9/11 : Five Years Later Teaching About 9 -11
From the book What Would the Founders Do? by Richard Brookhiser .
Copyright © 2006 .
Reprinted by arrangement with Basic Books , a member of the Perseus Books Group ( www.perseusbooks.com).
All rights reserved .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
More Comments :
Peter K. Clarke - 10/9/2007
I agree .
The problem used to be much worse .
This example shows that it has not been completely overcome .
Patrick M. Ebbitt - 9/24/2006
The title and its question is ' What Would the Founders Do About Terrorism ? ' but , this essay neither addressed nor answered this question at all .
Being that the Founders were terrorists themselves they would probably struggle with this problem .
However , the Founders would not have to deal with this predicament for they would n't have created the dynamics that birthed this current movement .
Let 's see who 's first to post a rebuttal centered on Jefferson 's Barbary War .
Jason Blake Keuter - 9/12/2006
The founders actually had to deal with this issue - but not as a first rate power but as a second rate power being sucked into European power politics .
In particular , the case of Citizen Genet stands as a very illustrative example of just how Banana Republicesque the early years of the American Republic actually were .
Washington attempted to forge a unity government , best represented by the opposed pillars of Hamilton and Jefferson .
As Washington drifted more and more towards Hamilton , Jefferson 's internal dissent took on aspects that coould reasonably be labeled treasonous .
Initially , Jefferson and his allies feted Citizen Gent , who had come to America seeking support for France against counter - revolutionary Britain .
The Jeffersonians labeled Hamilton and the emerging Federalist as pro-British counter - revolutionaries .
This was largely demagoguery .
In fact , Hamilton 's program , which Jefferson insisted was a subversion of democracy and the reovlution , was designed first and foremost to make it possible for the US to borrow money in the event of a war with Britain .
If British merchants and manufacturers helped fund thhe American debt , then they would become reliable allies of America - as many of them were during the war for Independence itself !
Citizen Genet and those who feted him within the ranks of the Jeffersonians , would have none of this .
Citizen Genet " toured " America with the overt intent of soliciting American volunteers to attack British targets on American soil .
His wish was to sever the relationship between America and England for the good of Revolutionary France ... which was soon to become the epicenter of state sponsored terrorism .
The Jeffersonians eventually distanced themselves from Genet and actually denounced him as he became too provocative and the reality of the consequences of a war with Britain began dwarfing their imagined fears of a Hamiltonian aristocracy .
But it is fair to say , that the antics of Citizen Genet indicate that he was emboldened enough to attempt to draw the US into conflict with Britain .
Further , it was from within the Washington adminstration itself , namely fromm Jefferson , that overall support for France came .
Additionally , the heated rhetoric about Hamilton and the Federalists being pawns in an immanent British take over ( from the North in Canada , the West and , of course , the Atlantic ) certainly gave the likes of Genet the impression that America 's loathing of British equalled that of Revolutionary France .
When the chips were down , however , Jefferson knew better and Genet was hung out to dry - not necessairly a tragic result , but it still speaks ill of his American allies .
Except those who joined him on a lark .
John Reed Tarver - 9/11/2006
Why sic " beggars " ?
Michael A. Palmer - 9/11/2006
That 's an easy one .
The Founders first tried to pay off the Sea Ghazis of the Barbary coast , then the Founders established a navy , then they cut our first " arms for hostages " agreement and began the arms trade to the Middle East , then they sent the new navy to the Med and tried to protect our ships , then they blockaded Tripoli , then they bombarded Tripoli , and then President Thomas Jefferson undertook a paramilitary operation to effect " regime change . "
We 've been there ever since ( except for short periods when we were otherwise engaged ) .
And , believe it or not , neither Israel nor petroleum had anything to do with any of this .
有効な入力について停止しないものをアルゴリズムというかという話題ですが、そもそもアルゴリズムとは「与えられた問題を解くための手順」なので、停止しなかったら解けていないので、論理的にはもちろん、直感的にもやはり正しいアルゴリズムとは言いがたいと思います（もちろん、間違ったアルゴリズムなら良いですが）。たとえば
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Algorithm
にも
an algorithm is a procedure ( a finite set of well - defined instructions ) for accomplishing some task which , given an initial state , will terminate in a defined end - state
とありますし（強調筆者）。もちろん、対象としていない入力（問題）について停止しないのはOKですが。
ちなみに、もし仮に 「アルゴリズム＝プログラムの元ネタのようなもの」だとしても、やはり有効な入力に対して無限ループで反応しなくなってしまうプログラムが正しいとはいえないので、同じではないかと。
追記：はてなキーワードですら(? ) 「 停止しない場合はprocedure（手順・手続き）という」などという記述が。いや、Wikipediaもはてなキーワードも絶対に信用できるというわけではないですが。
追記２：きっと来ると思った突っ込みが来たので、ここからもリンク。
Word Processors : Stupid and Inefficient
Allin Cottrell
Contents
1 The claim
The word processor is a stupid and grossly inefficient tool for preparing text for communication with others .
That is the claim I shall defend below .
It will probably strike you as bizarre at first sight .
If I am against word processors , what do I propose : that we write in longhand , or use a mechanical typewriter ?
No .
While there are things to be said in favor of these modes of text preparation I take it for granted that most readers of this essay will do most of their writing using a computer , as I do .
My claim is that there are much better ways of preparing text , using a computer , than the word processor .
The wording of my claim is intended to be provocative , but let me be clear : when I say word processors are stupid I am not saying that you , if you are a user of a word processor , are stupid .
I am castigating a technology , but one that is assiduously promoted by the major software vendors , and that has become a de facto standard of sorts .
Unless you happen to have been in the right place at the right time , you are likely unaware of the existence of alternatives .
The alternatives are not promoted by the major vendors , for good reason : as we shall see , they are available for free .
Let 's begin by working back from the end product .
Text that is designed to communicate ideas and information to others is disseminated in two main ways :
As " hard copy " , that is , in the form of traditional printed documents .
By digital means : electronic mail , web pages , documents designed to be viewable on screen .
There is some overlap here .
For instance , a document that is intended for printing may be distributed in digital form , in the hope that the recipient has the means to print the file in question .
But let us consider these two modes of dissemination in turn .
2 Printed documents
You want to type a document at your computer keyboard , and have it appear in nicely printed form at your computer 's printer .
Naturally you do n't want this to happen in real time ( the material appearing at the printer as you type ) .
You want to type the document first and " save " it in digital form on some storage medium .
You want to be able to retrieve the document and edit it at will , and to send it to the printer when the time is right .
Surely a word processor - such as the market leader , Microsoft Word - is the " natural " way to do all this ?
Well , it 's one way , but not the best .
Why not ?
2.1 Composition versus typesetting
Preparing printable text using a word processor effectively forces you to conflate two tasks that are conceptually distinct and that , to ensure that people 's time is used most effectively and that the final communication is most effective , ought also to be kept practically distinct .
The two tasks are
The composition of the text itself .
By this I mean the actual choice of words to express one 's ideas , and the logical structuring of the text .
The latter may take various forms depending on the nature of the document .
It includes matters such as the division of the text into paragraphs , sections or chapters , the choice of whether certain material will appear as footnotes or in the main text , the adding of special emphasis to certain portions of the text , the representation of some pieces of text as block quotations rather than as the author 's own words , and so on .
The typesetting of the document .
This refers to matters such as the choice of the font family in which the text is to be printed , and the way in which structural elements will be visually represented .
Should section headings be in bold face or small capitals ?
Should they be flush left or centered ?
Should the text be justified or not ?
Should the notes appear at the foot of the page or at the end ?
Should the text be set in one column or two ?
And so on .
You may be thinking this is beside the point .
Jane Austen 's writing was publishable ; professional typesetters were interested in laying it out and printing it .
You and I are not so lucky ; if we want a printed article we will have to do it ourselves ( and besides , we want it done much faster than via traditional typesetting ) .
Well , yes and no .
We will in a sense have to do it ourselves ( on our own computers ) , but we have a lot of help at our disposal .
In particular we have a professional - quality typesetting program available .
This program ( or set of programs ) will in effect do for us , for free and in a few seconds or fractions of a second , the job that traditional typesetters did for Shakespeare , Jane Austen , Sir Walter Scott and all the rest .
We just have to supply the program with a suitably marked - up text , as the traditional author did .
I am suggesting , therefore , that should be two distinct " moments " in the production of a printed text using a computer .
First one types one 's text and gets its logical structure right , indicating this structure in the text via simple annotations .
This is accomplished using a text editor , a piece of software not to be confused with a word processor .
( I will explain this distinction more fully below . )
Then one " hands over " one 's text to a typesetting program , which in a very short time returns beautifully typeset copy .
2.2
The evils of WYSIWYG
These two jobs are rolled into one with the modern WYSIWYG ( " What You See Is What You Get " ) word processor .
You type your text , and as you go the text is given , on the computer screen , a concrete typographical representation which supposedly corresponds closely to what you will see when you send the document to the printer ( although for various reasons it does not always do so ) .
In effect , the text is continuously typeset as you key it in .
At first sight this may seem to be a great convenience ; on closer inspection it is a curse .
There are three aspects to this .
The author is distracted from the proper business of composing text , in favor of making typographical choices in relation to which she may have no expertise ( " fiddling with fonts and margins " when she should be concentrating on content ) .
The typesetting algorithm employed by WYSIWYG word processor sacrifices quality to the speed required for the setting and resetting of the user 's input in real time .
The final product is greatly inferior to that of a real typesetting program .
The user of a word processor is under a strong temptation to lose sight of the logical structure of the text and to conflate this with superficial typographical elements .
2.3 Document structure
Take for instance a section heading .
So far as the logical structure of a document is concerned , all that matters is that a particular piece of text should be " marked " somehow as a section heading .
One might for instance type \section {Text of heading} .
How section headings will be implemented typographically in the printed version is a separate question .
When you 're using a word processor , though , what you see is ( all ! ) you get .
You are forced to decide on a specific typographical appearance for your heading as you create it .
Suppose you decide you 'd like your headings in boldface , and slightly larger than the rest of the text .
How are you going to achieve this appearance ?
There 's more than one way to do it , but for most people the most obvious and intuitive way ( given the whole WYSIWYG context ) is to type the text of the heading , highlight it , click the boldface icon , pull down the little box of point sizes for the type , and select a larger size .
The heading is now bold and large .
Great !
But what says it 's a heading ?
There 's nothing in your document that logically identifies this little bit of text as a section heading .
Suppose at some later date you decide that you 'd actually prefer to have the headings in small caps , or numbered with roman numerals , or centered , or whatever .
What you 'd like to say is " Please make such - and - such a change in the setting of all section headings . "
But if you 've applied formatting as described above , you 'll have to go through your entire document and alter each heading manually .
Now there is a way of specifying the structural status of bits of text in ( for instance ) Microsoft Word .
You can , if you are careful , achieve effects such as changing the appearance of all section headings with one command .
But few users of Word exploit this consistently , and that is not surprising : the WYSIWYG approach does not encourage concern with structure .
You can easily - all too easily - " fake " structure with low - level formatting commands .
When typing one 's text using a text editor , on the other hand , the need to indicate structure is immediately apparent .
2.4 Text editors
OK , it 's probably time to explain what a text editor is , and how it differs from a word processor .
A modern text editor looks a bit like a word processor .
It has the usual apparatus of pull - down menus and / or clickable icons for functions like opening and saving files , searching and replacing , checking spelling , and so on .
But it has no typesetting functionality .
The text you type appears on screen in a clear visual representation , but with no pretense at representing the final printed appearance of the document .
When you save your document , it is saved in the form of plain text , which in the US context usually means in " ASCII " ( the American Standard Code for Information Interchange ) .
ASCII is composed of 128 characters ( this is sometimes referred to as a " 7 - bit " character set , since it requires 7 binary digits for its encoding : 2 to the seventh power = 128 ) .
It includes the numerals 0 through 9 , the roman alphabet in both upper and lower case , the standard punctuation marks , and a number of special characters .
ASCII is the lowest common denominator of textual communication in digital form .
An ASCII message will be " understandable " by any computer in the world .
If you send such a message , you can be sure that the recipient will see precisely what you typed .
By contrast , when you save a file from a word processor , the file contains various " control " characters , outside of the ASCII range .
These characters represent the formatting that you applied ( e.g. boldface or italics ) plus various sorts of internal " business " relating to the mechanics of the word processor .
They are not universally " understandable " .
To make sense of them , you need a copy of the word processor with which the document was created ( or some suitable conversion filter ) .
If you open a word processor file in a text editor , you will see ( besides the text , or bits of it ) a lot of " funny looking stuff " : this is the binary formatting code .
Since a text editor does not insert any binary formatting codes , if you want to represent features such as italics you have to do this via mark - up .
That is , you type in an annotation ( using nothing but ASCII ) , which will tell the typesetter to put the specified text into italics .
For example , for the LaTeX typesetter ( more on this below ) you would type \textit{stuff you want in italics} .
Actually , if you are using a text editor which is designed to cooperate with LaTeX you would not have to type this yourself .
You 'd type some kind of shortcut sequence , select from a menu , or click an icon , and the appropriate annotation would be inserted for you ; the mechanics of typing an ASCII document suitable for feeding to LaTeX are not much different from typing in a modern word processor .
2.5 The virtues of ASCII
The approach of composing your text in plain ASCII using a text editor , then typesetting it with a separate program , has several " incidental " virtues .
Portability : as mentioned above , anybody , using any computer platform , will be able to read your marked - up text , even if they do n't have the means to view or print the typeset version .
By contrast your Snazz 9.0 word processor file can be completely incomprehensible to a recipient who does n't have the same brand and version of word processor as you - unless he or she is quite knowledgeable about computers and is able to extract the actual text from the binary " garbage " .
And this applies to you over time , as much as to you and a correspondent at one time .
You may well have difficulty reading Snazz 8.0 files using Snazz 9.0 , or vice versa , but you 'll never have any trouble reading old ASCII files .
Compactness : an ASCII file represents your ideas , and not a lot of word processor " business " .
For small documents in particular , word processor files can be as much as 10 times as large as a corresponding ASCII file containing the same relevant information .
Security : the " text editor to typesetter " approach virtually guarantees that you will never have any problem of corruption of your documents ( unless you suffer a hard disk crash or some comparable calamity ) .
The source text will always be there , even if the typesetter fails for some reason .
If you regularly use a word processor and have not had a problem with file corruption then you 're very lucky !
( Further reading : Sam Steingold 's page " No Proprietary Binary Data Formats " . )
2.6
The typesetter
By this time I owe you a bit more detail on the typesetter part of the strategy I 'm advocating .
I wo n't go into technical details here , but will try to say enough to give you some idea of what I 'm talking about .
The basic typesetting program that I have in mind is called TeX , and was written by Donald Knuth of Stanford University .
TeX is available for free ( via downloading from many Internet sites ) , in formats suitable for just about every computer platform .
( You can if you wish purchase a CDROM with a complete set of TeX files for a very modest price . )
Knuth started work on TeX in 1977 ; in 1990 he announced that he no longer intended to develop the program - not because of lack of interest , but rather because by this time the program was essentially perfected .
It is as bug - free as any computer program can be , and it does a superb job of typesetting just about any material , from simple text to the higher mathematics .
I referred above to LaTeX .
If TeX is the basic typesetting engine , LaTeX is a large set of macros , initially developed by Leslie Lamport in the 1980s and now maintained by an international group of experts .
These macros make life a lot easier for the average user of the system .
LaTeX is still under active development , as new capabilities and packages are built on top of the underlying typesetter .
Various " add - ons " for TeX are also under development , such as a system which allows you to make PDF ( Adobe 's " Portable Document Format " ) files directly from your ASCII source files .
( I say " under development " but by this I just mean that they are continuously being improved .
The programs are already very stable and full - featured . )
As mentioned above , you indicate the desired structure and formatting of your document to LaTeX in the form of a set of annotations .
There are many books ( and web - based guides ) that give the details of these annotations , and I will not go into them here .
The common annotations are simple and easily remembered , besides which LaTeX - friendly text editors ( of which there are many ) offer you a helping hand .
One very attractive feature of LaTeX is the ability to change the typeset appearance of your text drastically and consistently with just a few commands .
The overall appearance is controlled by
The " document class " that you choose ( e.g. report , letter , article , book ) .
The " packages " or style files that you decide to load .
You can , for instance , completely change the font family ( consistently across text , section headings , footnotes and all ) and / or the sizes of the fonts used , by altering just one or two parameters in the " preamble " of your ASCII source file .
Similarly , you can put everything into two - column format , or rotate it from portrait to landscape .
It may be possible to accomplish something similar using a word processor , but generally it 's much less convenient and you are far more likely to mess up and introduce unintended inconsistencies of formatting .
You can get as complex as you care to , typesetting with LaTeX .
You can choose a " hands off " approach : just specify a document class and leave the rest up to the default macros .
Generally this produces good results , the typesetting being of much higher quality than any word processor .
( Naturally , things like numbering of chapters , sections and footnotes , cross-references and so on , are all taken care of automatically . )
Or you can take a more " interventionist " approach , loading various packages ( or even writing your own ) to control various aspects of the typography .
If this is your inclination , you can produce truly beautiful and individual output .
2.7 Putting it together
Let me give you just a brief idea of how this all works .
If you have a good TeX setup it 's like this :
You type your text into a TeX - aware editor .
You can type the required annotations directly or have the editor insert them via menus or buttons .
When you reach a point where you 'd like to take a look at the typeset version you make a menu choice or click a button in the editor to invoke the typesetter .
Another menu item or button will open a previewer in which you see the text as it will appear at the printer .
And generally this is true " WYSIWYG " - the previewer will show a highly accurate representation of the printed output .
You can zoom in or out , page around , and so on .
You send the output to the printer with another menu choice or button , or go back to editing .
At some later point in the process you want to preview the updated file .
Click the typesetter button again .
This time you do n't have to invoke the previewer again : if you 've left it running in the background it will now automatically display the updated typeset version .
When you 're done with an editing session you can delete the typeset version of the file to conserve disk space .
You just need to save the ASCII source file ; the typeset version can easily be recreated whenever you need it .
3 Digital dissemination
The previous section was mostly angled towards producing good - looking typeset output at the printer .
Some other considerations arise when you 're preparing a document with digital transmission in mind ( email , web pages and so on ) .
Take email first .
Typically if people wish to send a short , ad hoc , message they type that message directly into an email client program , whether it be a " traditional " text - based client such as Pine or a GUI ( Graphical User Interface ) program such as Netscape or Eudora .
In that case the message probably goes out in the form of ASCII ( or perhaps in HTML , i.e.
HyperText Mark - up Language , the language of Web pages , which is itself mostly composed of ASCII ) .
But what if you want to send a longer piece of text that you have already prepared independently of your email client program ?
For this purpose it is increasingly common to " attach " a document in a word processor format .
How does the alternative strategy work in this case ?
Well , we have to distinguish between two situations :
Is the text in question relatively short and uncomplicated ( a memo , a letter , minutes of a meeting , a listing of agenda , a schedule for a visit ) or is it more complex ( an academic paper - perhaps with a lot of mathematics , a report with illustrations , a book manuscript ) ?
The " ASCII plus typesetter " approach leads to different suggestions in these two cases .
3.1 Simple documents
With simple documents , we have to ask :
Do we really need the typesetting , the font information and all that ?
Is it not more efficient , more in the interest of effective and economical communication , just to post plain ASCII text , with the minimal formatting that ASCII allows ?
This both conserves communications bandwidth ( remember that word processor files can be much bigger than ASCII files containing the same actual text ) and ensures that nobody will be frozen out of the communication effort because they happen not to be running Snazz 9.0 .
You can attach an ASCII file , created in a text editor , in the same way that you 'd attach a word processor file , or you can simply paste it into the body of your email ( since it 's nothing but plain text ) .
Since TeX source files are nothing but ASCII - and if we 're talking about a simple document there wo n't be too many annotations , and those pretty self - explanatory - they can be treated in the same way .
3.2 Complex documents
Longer and more complicated documents may well be easier to read in typeset form .
Math may be hard to convey in ASCII and of course complex diagrams and images are out altogether .
So what about TeX , in this context ?
I have argued that word processor files can be problematic , because your correspondent might not have Snazz 9.0 like you do .
But does n't this cut both ways ?
Even if you 're fired up enough about TeX to give it a try , how many of your correspondents have a TeX installation ?
This is a reasonable query , but it is answerable .
If you want your correspondent to be able to see a typeset version of your file , and she does n't have a TeX installation , you have these options :
Convert the TeX source file to HTML .
There are good conversion programs for this purpose .
( HTML and TeX actually have a strong family resemblance , in that they both involve logical mark - up , so inter-conversion can be accomplished with a high degree of fidelity .
1 ) Then your correspondent can read your text using a web browser .
Does your correspondent have access to a Postscript printer ?
In an academic or business environment this is quite likely .
In that case you could send a fully typeset version of your document in the form of a postscript file , which she can just send to the printer .
And / or she can view it on screen if she installs the " ghostview " program ( free for downloading from the Internet ) .
Does your correspondent have the " Acroread " reader for Adobe PDF files installed ?
( Again , it 's a free download . )
If so , you can send a PDF version of your typeset document .
In discussing the options for transmitting text via email , we 've already hit on the issue of preparing text for web pages .
You have the option of writing HTML directly .
If you do n't want to do that , you can write HTML indirectly using a suitable GUI editor , Netscape Communicator for example .
Sure , you can also produce HTML using MS Word ( incidentally , horrible HTML , full of extraneous tags that make it awkward to edit using any other application ) .
If you 're in TeX mode it 's easy to convert your documents into ( clean , standard - compliant ) HTML .
4 Qualification
I have attempted to make a strong pitch for the " ascii plus typesetter " alternative to word processors .
I will admit , however , that there are some sorts of documents for which a WYSIWYG word processor is indeed the natural tool .
I 'm thinking of short , ad hoc , documents which have a high ratio of formatting " business " to textual content : flyers , posters , party invitations and the like .
You could do these in TeX , but it would not be efficient .
The standard LaTeX document classes ( report , article , etc. ) would be of little use to you .
And while LaTeX is very smart at handling automatically the range of fonts that you 're likely to want in a formal text , it 's not geared toward the sort of " mixing and matching " of jolly fonts that you might want in a casual production .
Logical structure is not really an issue : you 're interested in " raw formatting " .
You want to know , for instance , If I put that line into a 36 - point font , will that push my last line onto the next page , which I do n't want ?
WYSIWYG is your man .
If most of your word - processing work is of this kind , you probably stopped reading a long time ago .
If most of your text preparation work involves the production of relatively formal documents , this qualification does n't affect the essentials of my case .
5 Rant , rant
It may not have escaped your notice that I 'm a bit worked up about this theme .
Yes , I am .
The point is that it 's not just a matter of an academic debate between alternative modes of text preparation .
It 's a set of scales in which the might and wealth of the major software vendors is all on one side .
To be blunt , we 're looking at a situation in which MS Word is poised to become , for much of the world , the standard for the preparation of documents using computers .
But Word is a standard that has little to commend it other than the fact that it is ( or aspires to be ) a standard .
It 's a bit like QWERTY .
Do you know that story ?
Why the standard arrangement of keys on typewriter keyboards ( and by extension computer keyboards ) has QWERTYUIOP along the top line ?
That was not the original arrangement of typewriter keys .
It was designed for a purpose , namely to slow typists down .
The problem was that the expertise of the early typists quickly outran the capabilities of the early mechanical typewriters : a fast typist could jam the keys , hitting them faster than they could return after striking the ribbon .
QWERTY distributed the keys so they could n't go so fast .
This is clearly a crazy arrangement for the keys on an electronic keyboard , but it 's too late to change : QWERTY is standard , and all attempts to rationalize the keyboard have failed in the face of that reality .
Similarly , I 'm arguing that MS Word has no right to be a standard for document preparation , since it 's clearly less efficient ( for most purposes ) than readily available alternatives .
I 'm hoping that it 's not too late in this case , that there 's still the opportunity of saying No to Word .
Actually , in a sense
Word is worse than QWERTY : it 's not a real standard , but rather an escalator .
The Microsoft " standard " for the binary representation of document formatting is something that is variable at the whim of Microsoft Corporation .
The MS Word quasi-monopoly piggybacks off the Microsoft Windows quasi- monopoly ( an issue which I will not get into here ) .
And so long as they are not hard - pressed by commercial rivals , Microsoft has no particular interest in establishing any sort of long - term standard for the binary representation of formatting .
On the contrary , they have a strong interest in forcing you to " upgrade " Word at regular intervals .
Oh dear , Word N.0 wo n't read the document your colleague just sent you , prepared using N+1 ?
Well , you 'd better update then , had n't you ?
Even if there are no features in N+1 , that were not present in N , that are of any real value to you .
2
6 References
If you 've come with me this far , you might be interested in more details about good text editors , the TeX typesetting system and so on .
The best place to start for info about TeX and friends is probably the TUG homepage ( TUG is the TeX Users Group ) .
This will provide all the links you might need ; one of the main ones is to the Comprehensive TeX Archive Network ( CTAN ) sites , from which you can download complete TeX systems for just about all computer platforms .
Such systems include the actual typesetter , a large collection of macros , a previewer , and software for generating printable files .
TeX packages ( free ones at any rate ) do not generally include the text editor that you 'll also need ( unless you already have one that you like ) .
There are many choices , but my personal favorite for working with TeX files is Emacs , along with the AUC TeX package .
The latter makes Emacs very TeX - friendly : it will highlight TeX syntax so you can see any errors in your mark - up at a glance , and it also offers a wide range of TeX - related commands on convenient menus .
In case you 're interested , here 's a screen shot of an TeX editing session using Emacs ( PNG , 40678 bytes ) .
Footnotes :
1 The binary coding used by word processors is a quite different animal , so inter-conversion between TeX and word processor formats is not easy .
In addition , since TeX is a superior typesetting engine , it is in principle impossible to convert a TeX document to , say , Word without loss of information .
2 For what it is worth , in my opinion as somebody who used Word for several years before switching to TeX , and who has a keen interest in typesetting , no worthwhile features have been introduced into MS Word for Windows since version 2.0 of circa 1990 .
Is Smart coming to the U.S. ?
The loss - making city car from Mercedes - Benz may finally be headed to America .
NEW YORK ( FORTUNE ) -
You can see tiny Smart cars , those egg - shaped two - seaters , doubled up in parking spaces or sitting on city sidewalks all over Europe , where they have been sold since 1998 .
But Smart has never come to the United States .
The Mercedes - Benz unit has struggled to make money from the day it was conceived , and writeoffs to date run to the billions of dollars .
With losses so steep , plans to sell the car here have been repeatedly delayed as Mercedes has struggled to find a profit - making formula .
Now , DaimlerChrysler chairman Dieter Zetsche is dropping hints that Smart will make its way to the United States .
Speaking to reporters in Portland , Oregon last week at an event marking the 25th anniversary of Daimler 's acquisition of Freightliner trucks , Zetsche said a final decision on Smart for the U.S. would be made this month , once a verdict was reached on how to distribute it .
He added in his German - tinged English , " The tendency is positive in this regard . "
Translation : Consider it all but done .
Whether selling Smart in the U.S. is , in a word , " smart , " is another question .
Even with gasoline selling for $ 3.25 a gallon , how much demand is there for a car that can only carry two people and which would seem to provide little crash protection for collisions from any direction ?
( The Smart ForTwo earned a rating of three out of a possible five stars in a European front crash test .
Frontal crash tests only apply to collisions with vehicles of similar size , however . )
For a time , Mercedes contemplated selling a Smart sedan or SUV but discontinued both models in an effort in an effort to stem losses .
The ForTwo , the original two seat Smart , is being redesigned and will make its European debut in 2007 .
The version sold here will meet U.S. emission and crash standards .
But it is hard to imagine that it will appeal to anyone living outside a major metro area .
Its cramped interior and short wheel base do n't lend it to long trips -- or even the 30 - mile daily commutes that more Americans seem to be afflicted with .
There is room for a little optimism .
Two other new small car brands , Mini and Scion , have done spectacularly well here in the last couple of years .
They are in short supply and sell strongly without the usual incentives .
Each has used sharply different pricing strategies .
Made by Toyota , Scion is budget - priced -- starting at $ 13,320 -- to appeal to younger buyers , while Mini Cooper , which is owned by BMW , is positioned as a premium small car , and sells for $ 18,000 and up .
Smart prices will probably land someplace in the middle .
Mercedes ' lavish cost structure makes it unlikely that the car can be budget priced .
At the same time , there will be an upward limit because Smart does n't have the fun - to - drive or cute characteristics that Mini does either .
It will likely sell on newness , stylishness ( or lack thereof ) , and fuel savings .
As one might expect , the little ForTwo also gets excellent fuel economy .
Smart claims fuel economy ranging from 46.3 miles per gallon in the city to 70.6 mpg on the highway .
Many industry executives are skeptical about Smart 's prospects .
" I think you can sell 20,000 or 25,000 a year at $ 12,000 apiece , " says one veteran dealer .
" But with exchange rates , and a platform , engine and transmission that are n't used by any other model , how is it possible for them to make money ? "
Another dealer says , " It is a great car for city commuting , but it is $ 4,000 more expensive than similar - sized cars you can buy in Europe that have a back seat .
It will be very , very challenging . "
Which is one reason why Zetsche is still wrestling with distribution .
Mercedes dealers are n't going to want to sell a car that makes no money and dilutes their image of exclusivity , so a new independent network will have to be created .
" We want to work with a third party , '' Zetsche told a European business magazine recently .
" We need a model that is very flexible and makes do with little investment . "
He sure does .
Zetsche has vowed to make Smart profitable by next year and keep it in the black thereafter .
Given Smart 's history and the cost of a U.S. startup , that will be a tall order .
Related :
Technology could prevent 10,000 crash deaths a year
Best cars for teen drivers
Carmakers : Combustion engines here for decades
Originally published in Taking Children Seriously , the paper journal ( TCS 30 ) .
Sarah Fitz - Claridge
There is a very nasty syndrome which parents sometimes inadvertently pass on to their children while trying to help their children have better lives .
I call it the Keeping - One 's - Options - Open mentality .
Here is one example of what it looks like :
You study hard to ensure that you pass your school exams .
In Britain that would be GCSE exams at the age of 16 , which you do to keep your options open so that you can do A - level exams at 18 if you want to .
Then you do A - levels to keep your options open in case you want to go to university .
Then you go to university to get a good degree ( not necessarily one that you will enjoy ) so you can get a good job .
Then you take the wrong job ( a ‘ good ’ job ) and kowtow to your boss so that you can get promotion and thereby security , to keep your options open after retirement .
This is a very common syndrome in which people sacrifice themselves for the next phase of life , which itself consists of nothing but sacrificing themselves for the following phase .
A friend of mine , whom I 'll call Henry , has this syndrome badly .
He is so desperate to keep his options open and set himself up financially that life is passing him by .
He is living for retirement , and totally forgetting to live now .
And as retirement looms , he is increasingly fearing it .
In this lifetime of unhappy sacrifice , he has systematically sacrificed his real interests , and has destroyed his capacity to acquire any .
When I think of Aristotle 's dictum : ‘ The unexamined life is not worth living ’ , I think of my friend Henry .
What has his life been for ?
It was supposed to have been for him .
And the most frightening thing of all is that in his desperate wish to help his daughter have a good life , he has successfully instilled in her the very same syndrome .
She now studies hard whether she enjoys it or not in order not to end up in a dead - end job .
Henry 's job , apparently , is not a dead - end job , but it does take all his time from when he gets up to when he goes to sleep , almost every day , and this has been the case for the many years I have known him – and there is no reason to expect that to change .
As Herbert Spencer said in 1867 , ‘ A living thing is distinguished from a dead thing by the multiplicity of the changes at any moment taking place in it . ‘
By that criterion , Henry is dead , or nearly .
Keeping one 's options open closes off options .
It is not that doing exams or going to university closes off options in itself .
Indeed , doing exams or going to university is just the right thing for some people at some point in their lives .
But if you proceed mechanically through predetermined , standardised processes like exams in order to keep your options open , you are not doing what you otherwise would have done – namely , building up the capacity for making your own real choices – so you fail to build up a rich structure of things you enjoy , things you want .
Indeed , any time you do something to keep your options open instead of because you want to do whatever it is , you are falling into the Keeping - One 's - Options - Open mistake .
For any human being who is not actually facing death by starvation or the firing squad , the hardest thing in life is not getting what you want – far from it – it is finding out ( or rather , creating ) what you want .
That is what we deprive children of when we channel them into ‘ keeping their options open ’ .
It looks as though they are keeping their options open , but at each stage they are actually presented with only one option – the option where you do the standardized thing : something you can do without being human , by sacrificing the human part of yourself , the individual part .
If you do something you do n't really want to do , how will you ever know if it was a mistake to do that ?
At least if you do something you do want to do , you will be able to tell later if that choice was a mistake .
A chap I knew many years ago , whom I 'll call Patrick , was reading Medicine at Cambridge , and hated it .
He had not chosen that course because he wanted to do medicine .
He had chosen it reluctantly , on the advice of his mentor , Lord somebody - or - other , to keep his options open , in case he wanted to become a Member of Parliament .
Because Patrick was not expecting to enjoy Medicine , when , lo and behold , he did not enjoy it , that did n't give him any information about whether doing Medicine was a mistake or not .
So he spent those years miserably getting his degree in Medicine instead of doing something he might have enjoyed .
And after all that sacrifice , not only has he not become an MP , he has n't even become a doctor .
What a complete waste of time !
Contrast that with George Orwell ( the author of 1984 ) .
Orwell had certain values and aspirations which made him want to go to fight for the government side in the Spanish Civil War in 1936 .
But he discovered that the situation there was n't what he expected , not because of the ghastly conditions , but because the communists were slaughtering the anarchists who were on the same side , instead of the fascists they were all supposed to be fighting .
He began to think deeply about why and how .
Because George Orwell ( unlike Patrick ) was there because he really wanted to be , he learnt an enormous amount as a human being .
Making that particular mistake turned out to be what his life was for !
It gave him new understanding and in particular , a deep understanding of the roots of totalitarianism .
He became a great writer .
Fighting in a war is n't everyone 's cup of tea , but it was his life and his choice to make , and his to learn from .
We need to remember that , do n't we ?
Our children must make their own choices in life .
Instead of channelling your children into your vision of what they should be or do , help them to pursue their own ends in life .
Do n't destroy their creativity by channelling them into the Keeping - One 's - Options - Open Mentality .
Ask yourself whether you might be doing or saying anything that might be channelling your children into this unfortunate syndrome and try to stop doing so .
Do you ever suggest that your children study for a particular examination or set of examinations in order to keep their options open later ?
Do you ever suggest that your children ‘ learn ’ such - and - such in order to keep their options open in case they need it later ?
Do you advise your children to keep practising an instrument to keep their options open in case they want to pursue it professionally later ?
Talk to your children about this syndrome explicitly , so that they may be , to some extent , protected from any inadvertent coercion you may be subjecting them to .
Next time you feel the urge to ‘ encourage ’ them to take the Keeping One 's Options Open route , remember my friend Henry and poor old Patrick .
And remember that this applies to you and your life too .
Instead of going through life making yourself miserable by taking the ‘ keeping one 's options open ’ route , take the route that you prefer – the one you really want .
If you want to enjoy life in retirement , make choices you expect to enjoy now , or you 'll be miserable both now and in retirement .
She runs from bees and hates planes .
But with acting , Sarah Paulson is scared of nothing .
She talks about her roles in American Horror Story and Ratched – and about her ‘ creative marriage ’ with screenwriter Ryan Murphy
Over the last decade a new kind of service animal has emerged .
Seizure alert dogs warn people with epilepsy of an oncoming attack minutes — sometimes hours — before it occurs .
This allows the person time to take seizure blocking medication , get to a safe place , or call for assistance .
How dogs detect an oncoming seizure in a human is a mystery .
Some trainers and researchers think they detect subtle changes in human behavior or scent before an episode occurs .
There are no scientific studies , however , to prove these theories .
Trainers also believe the behavior is not breed , age or gender specific in dogs .
Seizure alert dogs are born with this remarkable ability .
This sets them apart from other types of service animals .
" I can train a dog to sit , lay down and fetch , " says Sharon Hermansen of Canine Seizure Assist Society of North Carolina , " but I ca n't teach a dog to alert . "
Since 1996 , the nonprofit organization has produced well over 25 seizure alert dogs that warn 15 minutes to 12 hours before an attack .
The dogs exhibit attention - getting behaviors such as whining , pawing , or anxious barking .
The dogs came from a variety of sources .
Some were from breeders or animal shelters ; others were pets that showed an alerting ability .
Hermansen said she encourages the alerting behavior with food rewards , then trains the dogs to do other tasks .
Dogs can be trained to stay with the person during a seizure or to press a button on the phone that dials 911 .
When selecting a potential seizure alert dog to work with , she performs a trainability test .
Hermansen says she " prays that God will show her the one that best fulfills the needs of the person with epilepsy . "
" Every dog that I have chosen reliably alerts to pre-seizure activity , " she said .
See the Ways Your Dog Tells You What It Wants Researchers identified 47 potential signals while studying canine behavior .
About 2.3 million Americans suffer from epileptic seizures .
Episodes can last from a few seconds to a few minutes , and may cause unconsciousness .
Some epileptics avoid normal activities because they fear the consequences of having seizures in public .
" It 's sad , but some people have been robbed while having a seizure , " said Deborah Dalziel , a research coordinator for a University of Florida Office of Veterinary Medicine study on seizure alert dogs .
The 1998 study involved questionnaires completed by 29 dog owners who had seizures at least once a month .
Of the 29 subjects , nine reported that their dog responded to a seizure .
These dogs remained close to their human companions either standing or lying alongside them , sometimes licking the person 's face or hands during and immediately after the seizure .
Of the nine dogs reported to respond , three were said to also alert their owners to an impending seizure about three minutes in advance .
The number of dogs with this ability is unknown .
The lack of standardized training and certification of service dogs , and the variety of individuals who have themselves trained their pet to sound an alert , makes it difficult to determine how many seizure alert dogs there are in the United States , Dalziel says .
Second Chance at Life
The dogs that can provide seizure alerts give people the courage and independence to live normal lives .
After Donna Jacobs suffered a stroke at age 42 , she began having seizures .
The unpredictability of when one would strike forced the Jefferson City , Missouri , woman to give up her job .
She stopped doing simple tasks like driving to the grocery store .
" I lived as a recluse for almost four years , afraid to go anywhere , " said Jacobs .
That all changed when she adopted a seven - week - old puppy , named Patra , from the local animal shelter .
The Rottweiler / German shepherd mix canine started alerting about Jacobs ' seizures when it was six months old .
The dog head - butts Jacobs behind the knees about 20 minutes before a seizure episode .
This gives Jacobs time to find a safe place to lay down and wait for the episode to pass , usually within 5 to 15 minutes .
During a seizure Patra stays with Jacobs , giving her a sense of confidence and safety .
Jacobs believes Patra picks up a chemical change that occurs in her body .
The dog is now six years old , she said , and also alerted Jacobs to her low blood sugar level , migraines and pulmonary heart valve infection .
Just how accurate is Patra 's alerting ability ?
" It 's 100 percent , when I listen , " Jacobs says with a laugh .
Thanks to her service dog , Jacobs feels she has been given a second chance at life .
She now works as a marketing director for a computer company and is an advocate for people with disabilities .
In 1998 , she started Service Dogs Today .
The nonprofit organization works on antidiscrimination legislation , promotes service dogs as medically necessary , and encourages individuals to become service dog trainers .
No Guarantees
In the United States there are about 120 service dog training organizations .
Fewer than 20 work with seizure assist dogs , according to researcher Deborah Dalziel of Gainesville , Florida , who also co-authored the booklet " Service Dogs For People with Seizure Disorders . "
Most trainers will not guarantee that a dog will alert .
For that reason , the terms " seizure - response " or " seizure - assist " dog are often used .
Training can take up to two years to complete and can cost between $ 10,000 and $ 25,000 .
Health insurance companies do not cover the cost .
Montana is currently the only state with a Medicaid program that pays for the purchase of a service animal .
Some service dog training organizations provide the animals for free or offer financial assistance .
For example , the Canine Seizure Assist Society of North Carolina , Inc. based in Mooresville , North Carolina , gives trained seizure assist dogs without charge to qualified applicants .
The requirements to obtain a seizure assist dog vary among training centers but the one constant is the applicant 's ability and willingness to give the animal proper care and follow - up training .
Learn
FUD ?
Learning lessons from incidents is a very important part of incident handling .
Yet with targeted attacks it is very hard as you need to have a case before you can learn .
So learning from others is even more important in this case .
Michael reported on an unnamed organization being hit by a limited , extremely targeted attack .
Detection is mostly the very hard part in these attacks .
This case seems to have been detected by a very alert user detecting a domainname in an email that was n't completely right .
That user detected an email coming in that originated from a domain that looked like their own , but was n't their own ( actually only had an MX record in it ) .
The email was written to look like an internal email , including signature .
It was addressed by name to the intended victim and not detected by the anti-virus software .
In reaction to this reporting we 've seen people react to it like it were a widespread thing .
We need to stress this is not the case .
This kind of attack is new , and so must the response be .
The group originating these attacks does so in a very targeted fashion .
The document is crafted to target a specific organization , containing specific elements that deal with just that one organization .
If you do n't work for them , you are very unlikely to ever see this .
Proof of how rare it is , are the number of requests for samples we got from companies like anti-virus vendors .
Chances are really huge you 're not targeted , at least not by this exploit .
There is so far one group doing ( at least ) one very targeted attacks with this .
Either they need to change their method of operation to do widespread attacks , or some other group would need to get a sample , reverse engineer it , find the core of the exploit , modify it to work in a wider fashion and launch a new attack .
So do you need to dig in now ?
Most likely not , we suggest you act as if it's any new vulnerability where the details are still very well hidden .
The one being targeted organization needs specific actions .
If you are on the potential target list , you need to learn to defend against the unknown , not against this threat .
If you 're not on their target list , chances are you will not see an exploit till Microsoft releases a patch and the knowledge to exploit it can be derived by the hackers .
Panic and blindly taking actions is probably the worst course of action you can take .
Report
Emails were sent to specific individuals within the organization that contained a Microsoft Word attachment .
This attachment , when opened , exploited a previously - unknown vulnerability in Microsoft Word ( verified against a fully - patched system ) .
The exploit functioned as a dropper , extracting a trojan byte - for - byte from the host file when executed .
After extracting and launching the trojan , the exploit then overwrote the original Word document with a " clean " ( not infected ) copy from payload in the original infected document .
As a result of the exploit , Word crashes , informs the user of a problem , and offers to attempt to re-open the file .
If the user agrees , the new " clean " file is opened without incident .
We are still analyzing the trojan dropped by the exploit .
What we do know is that it communicates back to localhosts [ dot ] 3322 [ dot ] org via HTTP .
It is proxy - aware , and " pings " this server using HTTP POSTs of 0 bytes ( no data actually POSTed ) with a periodicity of approximately one minute .
It has rootkit - like functionality , hiding binary files associated with the exploit ( all files on the system named winguis.dll will not be shown in Explorer , etc. ) , and invokes itself automatically by including the trojan binary in " HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\Software \Microsoft \Windows NT\CurrentVersion \Windows " .
Note that , as of this morning , no anti-virus signatures detected this file as problematic according to virustotal.com .
We have traced nearly this attack to the far east ; specifically , China and Taiwan .
IP 's seen are registered there , domains seen are registered there , and the emails received originated from a server in that region .
The attackers appear to be aware that they have been " outed " , and have been routinely changing the IP address associated with the URL above .
Due to the aggravating circumstances ( 0 - day , no AV detection ) , we wanted to make sure the community is aware that this problem exists as soon as possible .
More information :
To say it in Michael 's words : " They are working with Microsoft on this .
Many thanks to all handlers active on this : Johannes , Chris , William , Adrien .
-- Swa Frantzen - Section 66
In a new development that will excite some and nauseate others , resellers have been spotted in the wild shipping Macs ( both desktop and portable ) preinstalled with the OS That Gates Built :
The resellers , which include a small Utah - based company and a major California computer online warehouse , are bundling Windows XP with standard Macintosh models , and pre-installing the Microsoft operating system using the Boot Camp dual - boot application that Apple released earlier this month .
This is all made possible , of course , by Boot Camp , Apple 's recently released utility that enables users to dual - boot OS X and Windows XP on Intel - based Macs .
Reaction to Boot Camp far has been mostly positive , with the general consensus being that it works as advertised ( i.e. it lets you boot Windows XP with comprehensive driver support ) .
These resellers think it 's a good enough idea to try to make an extra buck on .
At this point I feel it 's worth pointing out that neither the resellers nor Apple are providing support of any kind for Windows XP .
Have your cake and eat it , too fellas !
The main question here is whether this is the beginning ( and culmination ) of a niche market , or is this merely the foreshadowing of a much larger — and stranger — hybrid market to come ?
Will there come a day when the general consumer simply expects their shiny new Mac to arrive with two OSes installed ?
Propagating Plants
The process of propagating nursery plants is pretty simple to master .
You take a cutting from the desired plant , apply the appropriate ratio of rooting hormones and stick the plant cutting into a planting medium , such as a peat and perlite mixture .
The cuttings are then watered in thoroughly and kept at high humidity until the roots form on the cutting .
The trick of the whole process is knowing the best time of the growing stage to take the cuttings .
Many people have success with hardwood cuttings , while others have luck with softwood and greenwood cuttings .
There are a few plants that are stubborn and refuse to root unless propagated under perfect conditions .
Most of these plants are better propagated by grafting them onto a suitable rootstock , but grafting is a propagation method that few take the time to master because of the complexity of understanding what is involved .
If you are interested in propagating plants , I urge you to buy a good book on the subject such as , Plant Propagation by Alan Toogood .
For some , it is much easier to absorb what they are reading when the desciptive text is followed along with clear photos .
With a little education and luck , you will be growing your own nursery stock before you know it .
Warning : Propagating your own plants can become addictive !
Most people never publish an article .
Of those who do publish an article , most write only one .
Most people never publish a report .
Of those who do publish a report , most write only one .
Most people never publish a book .
Of those who do publish a book , most write only one .
Most people never publish a script .
Of those who do publish a script , most write only one .
If you ask them why they do n’t write more , they will say they are stuck , or " blocked . "
But these are just labels , and explain nothing .
Most often , they stop writing because they do n’t know how to work with the essential randomness involved in the creative process .
The Structure of Creation versus the Structure of Presentation
Please do n’t get the impression that I read in the random way I write .
Reading , by its nature , is more or less linear , like a string of beads , and I tend to read most works through from beginning to end .
But written works can be created by superimposing any of a variety of organizations on that linear string of words .
For instance , novels , being stories , are more or less linear ; but novelists may use flashbacks , stories within stories , or parallel stories to break the linearity .
Dictionaries , encyclopedias , and reference manuals — though consisting of a bound sequence of pages — are generally organized for random access by the addition of tables of contents and indexes .
Internets and intranets allow us to hyperlink written works in much more complex structures , though in order to use them , we frequently need aids such as index pages and search engines .
But none of these reading organizations have much of anything to do with the organization of the creative process by which the works came into existence .
These reading structures are presentation methods , not creation methods .
Creation does n’t work in any such regular way ; it ’s more accurately modeled by the Fieldstone Method .
Every day is different ; every idea is different ; every mood is different ; so why should every project be the same ?
Writer ’s Block and the Goldilocks Questions
" Of course every day is different , " you may say .
" Some days , I ’m entirely paralyzed by writer ’s block , and I do n’t accomplish anything at all . "
If this is your problem , I can help , as I ’ve helped many other writers .
I did n’t always understand how I was helping , until one student wrote the following :
" As evidenced in some conversations with other students of yours and in my own writings , I think there are a number of intangibles that you offer — in much the same way that a coach or therapist does .
These include motivating , raising self - esteem , building confidence in writing , considering self - other - context , teaching the true meaning of discipline , thinking more clearly , and raising awareness , to name only a few . "
Writer ’s block is not a disorder in you , the writer .
It ’s a deficiency in your writing methods — the mythology you ’ve swallowed about how works get written — what my friend and sometime coauthor Tom Gilb calls your " mythodology . "
Fieldstone writers , freed of this mythodology , simply do not experience writer ’s block .
Have you ever heard anyone speak of " mason ’s block " ?
Many writing methods and books assume that writer ’s block results from a shortage of ideas .
Others assume the opposite — that writers become blocked when they have a surplus of ideas and can’t figure out what to do with all of them .
But it ’s not the number of ideas that blocks you , it ’s your reaction to the number of ideas .
Here ’s how it goes .
You have the wrong number of ideas , and that bothers you , causes you discomfort , or even pain .
To lessen the pain , you turn to some other activity — coffee , beer , sex , movies , books , sleep , name your poison .
This diversion relieves the pain in the short run , but eventually your mind turns back to that unfinished piece of writing .
Now you feel worse because you ’ve avoided the task .
You might try writing again , but your mind keeps returning to what a bad , blocked writer you are .
So , eventually , you turn to your relief — coffee , beer , sex , or whatever .
Do you recognize the addiction cycle ?
The Fieldstone Method allows you to break this cycle in exactly the same way you break any addiction , by using your intelligence and creativity .
I sometimes begin to feel " blocked , " but when I do , I simply ask myself what I call the Goldilocks Questions :
" What state am I in now ? " " Do I have too many ideas ? " " Do I have too few ? " " Or , like Baby Bear ’s porridge , is it just right ? "
If I have too many ideas , I begin some organizing activities , such as sorting ideas into different piles .
If I have too few ideas , I concentrate on gathering more .
Usually , the first place I look is in my own mind , staying in the flow of the moment , one idea building on the next .
For instance , when I ’m writing dialogue , I do n’t stop to search externally for just the right conversational " stone . "
That approach leads to overly clever dialogue , rather than the more natural - sounding stones that just pop out of my head from my familiarity with my characters and millions of past conversations I ’ve been party to or overheard .
Only if my natural mental flow fails me do I start searching for an external stone to trigger a new flow .
Then , when the number of ideas is " just right , " I organize them , trimming and polishing a bit in the process , until I have a finished product — or until I have to ask the Goldilocks Questions again .
I may be stuck for a few moments , but I ’m never " blocked . "
In this book , I ’ll sketch all three parts of the Fieldstone Method — first the gathering , then the organizing , and last , the trimming and polishing .
I ’ll describe them in that order — not because I perform them in that order , but because this is a book and books are linear organizations of ideas .
Unlike what your schools may have taught you about writing , the Fieldstone Method is not dependent on any particular order of doing things .
Instead , Fieldstoning is about always doing something that ’s advancing your writing projects .
As a Fieldstone author , you will have a variety of keep - moving activities — a handy list of tasks of all sizes , plus the knowledge to match each task to your mood , your start / stop time , your resources , and your total available time .
###
Weinberg on Writing is available for purchase from the publisher , or wherever books are sold , including Amazon.com ( UK ) .
" Banishing Writer ’s Block " is used by permission of Dorset House Publishing , www.DorsetHouse.com.
Excerpted from Weinberg on Writing , pages 18 - 20 ( ISBN : 0-932633-65 -X ) , by Gerald M. Weinberg .
Copyright ©2006 by Gerald M. Weinberg .
All rights reserved .
By now everyone has heard Limbaugh 's little commentary about Michael J. Fox 's appearance in the ad for Claire McCaskill .
Well tonight Keith Olbermann supplied us with the visual to accompany Rush 's latest show of idiocy .
Download - WMV Download - QT
After showing the clip of Limbaugh 's sad reenactment of Fox 's appearance , Keith was joined by Sam Seder to discuss it , along with other ways the Republicans turn to attacks instead of addressing the issues .
Seder nails the main talking point surrounding this whole discussion - How the right attacks those who are actually affected by these issues and posses the bravery to bring them into the political arena .
Just ask the Congressional pages about that one .
Cholera may return to London , the mass migration of Africans could cause civil unrest in Europe and China 's economy could crash by 2015 as the supply of fresh water becomes critical to the global economy .
That was the bleak assessment yesterday by forecasters from some of the world 's leading corporate users of fresh water , 200 of the largest food , oil , water and chemical companies .
Analysts working for Shell , Coca - Cola , Procter & Gamble , Cargill and other companies which depend heavily on secure water supplies , yesterday suggested the next 20 years would be critical as countries became richer , making heavier demands on scarce water supplies .
In three future scenarios , the businesses foresee growing civil unrest , boom and bust economic cycles in Asia and mass migrations to Europe .
But they also say scarcity will encourage the development of new water - saving technologies and better management of water by business .
The study of future water availability , which the corporations have taken three years to compile , suggests water conflicts are likely to become common in many countries , according to the World Business Council on Sustainable Development , which brought the industrial groups together .
Lloyd Timberlake , spokesman for the council , said : " The growing demand for water in China can potentially lead to over - exploitation and a decline in availability for domestic , agricultural , industry and energy production use .
This inevitably leads to loss of production , both industrial and agricultural , and can also affect public health - all of which in turn will ultimately lead to an economic downturn .
The question is how can business address these challenges and still make a profit . "
The corporations were yesterday joined by the conservation group WWF and the International Water Management Institute , the world 's leading body on fresh water management , which said water scarcity was increasing faster than expected .
In China , authorities had begun trucking in water to millions of people after wells and rivers ran dry in the east of the country .
" Globally , water usage has increased by six times in the past 100 years and will double again by 2050 , driven mainly by irrigation and demands of agriculture .
Some countries have already run out of water to produce their own food .
Without improvements ... the consequences will be even more widespread water scarcity and rapidly increasing water prices , " said Frank Rijsberman , director of the institute .
The institute , funded by government research organisations , will report next week that a third of the world 's population , more than 2 billion people , is living in places where water is overused - leading to falling underground water levels and drying rivers - or can not be accessed .
Mr Rijsberman said rising living standards in India and China could lead to increased demand for better food , which would in turn need more water to produce .
He expected the price of water to increase everywhere to meet an expected 50 % increase in the amount of food the world will need in the next 20 years .
According to the institute 's assessment , Egypt imports more than half of its food because it does not have enough water to grow it domestically and Australia is faced with water scarcity in the Murray - Darling Basin as a result of diverting large quantities of water for use in agriculture .
The Aral Sea in central Asia is another example of massive diversion of water for agriculture in the Soviet era causing widespread water scarcity , and one of the world 's worst environmental disasters .
Researchers say it is possible to reduce water scarcity , feed people and address poverty , but the key trade - off is with the environment .
" People and their governments will face some tough decisions on how to allocate and manage water , " says the institute 's report .
In a further paper , WWF said yesterday that water crises , long seen as a problem of only the poorest , are affecting the wealthiest nations .
" In Europe , countries along the Atlantic are suffering recurring droughts , while water - intensive tourism and irrigated agriculture are endangering water resources in the Mediterranean .
In Australia , salinity is a major threat to a large proportion of its key agricultural areas " , said Jamie Pittock , director of WWF 's freshwater programme .
In the United States , Mr Pittock said , large areas are already using substantially more water than can be naturally replenished .
" This situation will only be exacerbated as climate change is predicted to bring lower rainfall , increased evaporation and changed patterns of snow melting . "
Three visions of the future
1. Misery and shortages in the megacities and drought in Africa
By 2010 , 22 megacities with populations larger than 10 million face major water and sewerage problems .
The situation is gravest in China , where 550 of the country 's 600 largest cities are running short .
Growing demand for water by industry leads to serious over - exploitaion with less and less water available for consumers and farmers .
This leads to a fall in Chinese food production , which in turn leads to more imports and impacts on other countries .
Friction and unrest grow worldwide as the middle classes struggle to pay bills .
Businesses are exposed to charges of moral culpability and litigation over water use .
Waves of immigrants flood in to Europe from increasingly drought - torn Africa
2. China leads recycling rush as world moves to a new hydro economy
By 2010 , the water shortage in many developing countries is recognised as one of the most serious political and social issues of the time .
Lack of water is stopping development and in many countries the rural poor suffer as their water and other needs take second place to those of swelling cities and industry .
Local government worldwide is increasingly distrusted over water allocation , and historical divides between rich and poor are exacerbated by water shortages .
However , by 2025 a worldwide hydro economy is developing , led by China .
Vast new investments are made in recycling water and the cost of desalination is greatly reduced .
Innovative small - scale water treatment processes become the norm
3 . Water is the means of social control as floods and disease devastate world
Water becomes a key symbol of protest around the world and is seen as the most serious social and political issue of the generation .
By 2015 , multinational companies are accused regularly of taking too much water in developing countries , cholera breaks out in London , and governments start to use water as a form of social control , subsidising some sectors and rationing it to others .
Great floods follow each other in quick succession .
Deforestation leads to massive mudslides in Asia and increasing flooding affects Europe , damaging industry .
A second New Orleans flood destroys the city again .
Global focus grows on the " export " of water via crops such as wheat or fruit
" Uniquely human " component of language found in gregarious birds Photo :
Photo by Daniel D. Baleckaitis .
Full report :
Please click here to read the article , " Recursive synctactic pattern learning by songbirds " , as printed in Nature ( PDF ) .
Audio file : Click here to hear an example of a starling 's song .
Related Citations : “ Starlings recognize grammar pattern in songs ”
April 26 , 2006 “ Do starlings recognize grammar in songs ? ”
April 26 , 2006
Although linguists have argued that certain patterns of language organization are the exclusive province of humans — perhaps the only uniquely human component of language — researchers from the University of Chicago and the University of California San Diego have discovered the same capacity to recognize such patterns and distinguish between them in Sturnus vulgaris , the common European starling .
In the April 27 , 2006 , issue of Nature , the researchers show that these starlings — long known as virtuoso songbirds and expert mimics — can be trained to reliably discriminate between two different patterns of organizing the sounds they use to communicate .
" Our research is a refutation of the canonical position that what makes human language unique is a singular ability to comprehend these kinds of patterns , " said Timothy Gentner , assistant professor of psychology at UCSD and lead author of the study .
" If birds can learn these patterning rules , then their use does not explain the uniqueness of human language . "
The researchers focused on recursion , or center - embedding , a characteristic , found in all human languages .
Recursion is one way of creating of new and grammatically correct meanings by inserting words and clauses within sentences — theoretically , without limit .
So , for example , " The bird sang , " can become " The bird the cat chased sang . "
Following the lead of language theorist Noam Chomsky , linguists have held that this recursive center - embedding is a universal feature of human language and , moreover , that the ability to process it forms a unique computational ability important for human language .
" Linguists have developed a mathematically rigorous set of definitions , a hierarchy of syntactical complexity , that governs the process of how humans create and understand utterances , " said Daniel Margoliash , professor of anatomy and organismal biology at the University of Chicago and co-author of the study .
" These rules govern how to properly express yourself — how to structure your phrases and sentences .
Language experts have used properties of these rules , whose complexity is described by the Chomsky hierarchy , " to define the boundaries between humans and other creatures , " said Margoliash .
" Now we find that we have been joined on this side of that boundary by the starling .
It should no longer be considered an insult to be called a bird brain . "
Although they are not known for the lilting beauty of their songs , starlings produce an amazing array of complex sounds , combining chirps , warbles , trills and whistles with rattling sounds .
They also have a talent for mimicry .
One starling famously copied an unpublished tune that Mozart whistled in a pet store ; the composer purchased the bird and kept it as a pet .
The starling is mentioned only once in all of Shakespeare , but in that passage an angry warrior , forbidden by the King to speak of a rival , Mortimer , decides he will " have a starling shall be taught to speak nothing but ' Mortimer , ' and give it him to keep his anger still in motion . "
( Because of this passage , 100 European starlings were first introduced to New York City 's Central Park in the 1890s .
They flourished .
North America now has an estimated 200 million starlings . )
One previous study , however , suggested that even non-human primates are incapable of recognizing anything beyond the simplest syntax .
A paper published in Science in 2004 by scientists at Harvard and MIT found that cotton - top tamarin monkeys were not able to master higher - level grammar patterns .
" The acquisition of hierarchical processing ability , " the authors of that paper conclude , " may have represented a critical juncture in the evolution of the human language faculty . "
They also noted that vocal learners , such as songbirds , might have produced different results .
" When I saw that study I was not convinced of the significance of the failure of the monkeys , " said Howard Nusbaum , chairman and professor of psychology at the University of Chicago and senior author of the Nature study .
" There are many ways for an experiment to fail and most failures are not scientifically interesting .
I immediately thought : we could do that in starlings . "
Nusbaum , Margoliash and psychologist Kimberly Fenn had previously collaborated on studies of the role of sleep in speech perceptual learning .
Gentner , a neuropsychologist , expert on starlings and , at the time , a postdoctoral fellow at the University of Chicago , was an essential addition .
To assess the birds ' syntactical skills , the research team exploited the diverse sounds in starling songs .
They recorded eight different ' rattles ' and eight ' warbles ' from a single male starling and combined them to construct a total of 16 artificial songs .
These songs followed two different grammars , or patterning rules .
Eight songs followed the " finite - state " rule , the simplest sort , thought to account for all non-human communication .
A finite - state grammar allows for sounds to be appended only at the beginning or end of a string .
These songs were built up from a rattle - warble base by adding rattle - warble pairs at the end .
The simplest song ( ab ) was one rattle followed by one warble .
The next simplest a rattle , then a warble , followed by a different Rattle and Warble ( abAB ) .
The other eight songs followed the " context - free " rule , which allows for sounds to be inserted in the middle of an acoustic string , the simplest form of recursive center - embedding .
So a context - free sequence also began with rattle - warble base ( ab ) but built up by inserting new sounds in the middle , such as rattle - Rattle - Warble - warble ( aABb ) .
Eleven adult birds were given lessons on distinguishing between these two sets of songs using classic reinforcement techniques .
The birds were rewarded with food when they heard a song from the context - free set and for refraining when they heard one from the finite - state set .
After 10,000 to 50,000 trials over several months , 9 of 11 tested starlings learned to distinguish the patterns .
The birds were not simply memorizing particular sequences of rattles and warbles they could distinguish between different patterns even when presented with entirely new sequences of rattles and warbles .
They were applying rules to solve the task .
The researchers also checked to see how the birds responded to " ungrammatical " strings , songs that violated the established rules .
The starlings treated these differently , as expected if they had learned the patterns .
The experimenters then asked if the birds were capable of a key feature of human grammars .
Could the starlings extrapolate these patterning rules to distinguish among longer strings ?
Remarkably , after learning the patterns with shorter songs made up of two pairs of rattles and warbles , the birds were able to recognize strings containing 6 - to - 8 song elements ( abababab — vs — aaaabbbb ) .
The finding that starlings can grasp these grammatical rules shows that other animals share basic levels of pattern recognition with humans .
" There might be no single property or processing capacity , " the authors write , " that marks the many ways in which the complexity and detail of human language differs from non-human communication systems . "
" It may be more useful , " they add , " to consider species differences as quantitative rather than qualitative distinctions in cognitive mechanisms . "
" The more closely we understand what non -human animals are capable of , " Gentner said , " the richer our world becomes .
Fifty years ago , it was taboo to even talk about animal cognition .
Now , no one doubts that animals have complex and vibrant mental lives . "
" When I describe our results to linguists and psycholinguists , they are amazed , " Nusbaum said .
" When I mention them to people who study animal behavior , " Margoliash countered , " they are not surprised .
They are well aware of the cognitive abilities of many animals . "
" These birds are a lot smarter than you might think , " Margoliash said .
" They have innate abilities .
They solve interesting problems and learn difficult tasks .
Any number of times during the experiments I said ' they can't possibly do that , ' and they did . "
" There has long been a temptation , " writes cognitive neuroscientist Gary Marcus of New York University in a commentary , " to sum up the differences between human and other species in a neat turn of phrase — but most posited differences turn out to have been overstated . "
But these iridescent six - inch , three - ounce singing black birds have known this all their lives .
They were only waiting for this moment to arise .
http://www-news.uchicago.edu/releases/06/060426.starling.shtml
Last modified at 04:08 PM CST on Wednesday , April 26 , 2006 .
Buzzwords say all the wrong things Matt 77 comments Latest by One Monkey 's Uncle
Our industry is addicted to bullshit buzzwords .
Emails are full of “ I ’m an insider ” jargon , blog posts brim with tech duckspeak , and resumes are loaded with meaningless action verbs .
Everyone ’s always implementing or enabling or optimizing or leveraging .
There are endless value streams , efficiencies , solutions , infrastructures , and enterprises .
These buzzwords are often a mask .
People who use them are covering up their ideas — or the lack thereof .
They are overcompensating .
They do n’t have anything substantial to say so they try to use impressive sounding words instead .
But people who abuse buzzwords do n’t sound smart .
They sound like they are trying to sound smart .
Big difference .
People who really get it are n’t impressed by this sort of jargon .
They smell BS .
They can read between the lines and see what ’s really there : fear .
Fear of clarity .
Fear there is n’t actually anything worthwhile to convey .
Cut to the chase
Really want to impress someone with your words ?
Then either 1 ) be direct / clear or 2 ) shut up .
Anyone worth impressing will respect you for saying less a lot more than they ’ll respect you for using big words that do n’t actually say anything .
Tech folks often use terms that imply we ’re part of some secret club .
It ’s as if we ’re saying , “ We can speak in a code that those other people ca n’t understand . ”
It ’s a way to build a wall that separates us from them .
It ’s a form of exclusion .
You do n’t need to build walls or exclude people when you ’re confident in your message though .
When you ’re confident in your message , you want everyone to understand .
When you really have a point , you want to say it sharp so it can penetrate deep .
The power of simple statements
Great communicators recognize the power of simple statements .
They realize that important ideas do n’t have to be dressed up in fancy language .
For example , Edward Tufte does a wonderful job of communicating complex concepts in a simple way .
Even though he ’s a Yale professor , he avoids relying on highbrow academic terms .
Some examples of Tufte ’s plainspoken style :
“ Lurking behind chartjunk is contempt for both information and audience . ” … ” Simple design , intense content . ” … ” The idea of trying to create things that last — forever knowledge — has guided my work for a long time now . ” …
” If you look after truth and goodness , beauty looks after herself . ” …
” If your words are n’t truthful , the finest optically letter - spaced typography wo n’t help .
And if your images are n’t on point , making them dance in color in three dimensions wo n’t help . ”
Simple language , intense meaning .
Tufte realizes that clear and obvious thinking needs to be evident in words just as much as it does in charts or graphs .
Cracks and fins in the sand in an American desert look very similar to features seen on Mars and may indicate the recent presence of water at the surface , according to a new study by researcher Greg Chavdarian and Dawn Sumner , associate professor of geology at UC Davis .
" Recent , as in ongoing now , " Sumner said .
Images from the Mars rover " Opportunity " show patterns of cracks across the surface of boulders and outcrops .
Some of these cracks are associated with long , thin fins that protrude from the surface .
Those features look very similar to cracks and fins that form on the sulfate - rich sands at White Sands National Monument in New Mexico .
The desert national park has a similar geological environment to the area of Mars visited by Opportunity , Sumner said .
Chavdarian spent weeks surveying the features at White Sands for an undergraduate research project .
He conducted lab experiments to try and reproduce the effects .
He found that the cracks at White Sands only form and grow in damp sand , especially during the wet months of the winter .
In June , the sand was dry and cracks were filled in or worn away .
Cracks do form in drying mud , but this is not mud , Sumner said .
There was no explanation for the formation of these types of cracks in sulfate sands before Opportunity landed , she said .
Chavdarian also looked at two types of thin , brittle fins poking a few inches out of the desert sand , usually facing into the wind .
The most common type was found only in January when the sand was moist .
Chavdarian and Sumner think that the fins are formed when water seeps into cracks in the sand , carrying minerals with it .
The water evaporates away , leaving behind those minerals , which are exposed as the wind blows sand away .
Windblown material sticks to the exposed fin , making it larger and stronger .
If the cracks and fins seen by the Opportunity rover on Mars are formed in the same way as the features at White Sands , it would provide evidence for water at the surface of Mars away from the polar ice caps , Sumner said .
Mars ' ice caps are mostly carbon dioxide with some water ice .
The research is published in the April issue of the journal Geology .
China has also conducted mass culls of birds to stem the virus
In his announcement , Chief veterinary officer Jia Youling said all the fees would be covered by the government .
The move comes as new outbreaks of bird flu were confirmed in several regions of China in the past month .
So far there have been no confirmed human infections in China , although several cases are being investigated .
The H5N1 strain of bird flu has killed more than 60 people in South East Asia since 2003 .
Vaccine shortages
Mr Jia made the announcement while answering questions on an internet forum about the current bird flu situation in the country .
China is producing more than 100 m doses of bird flu vaccine a day but some areas were still reporting shortages , the ministry of agriculture says .
The World Health Organization ( WHO ) said it had been told by Beijing about two new outbreaks of flu among chickens in China 's far - western Xinjiang province on 9 November .
More than 300,000 poultry had been slaughtered in two counties of the province , a WHO spokesman in Beijing said .
WHO officials are also investigating the possible transmission of the disease to four people in Hunan province .
JetBlue passengers watched their own ordeal on live TV By Roger Yu , USA TODAY
In the latest example of how real - time information is changing commercial aviation , passengers on JetBlue Flight 292 on Wednesday watched on seat - back TVs the lead - up to their emergency landing at Los Angeles International Airport .
Those on board described a strange but generally calm atmosphere in the cabin during the hours that television covered their circular flight over Los Angeles before landing safely at LAX .
Five - year - old JetBlue widely touts its multichannel television feature , giving Flight 292 passengers an array of channels on which to watch their jet circle .
The flight , bound for New York from Burbank 's Bob Hope Airport , made the emergency landing after the flight crew discovered that the wheel on its front landing gear was turned at a 90 - degree angle .
The plane circled for three hours to burn off fuel for a safer landing .
Dave Reinitz , a comic from L.A. and one of 140 passengers on board , describes the experience of watching the broadcast live as " surreal . "
He says the familiarity with the faces of broadcasters and the stations helped to alleviate anxiety .
Experts ' comments largely predicting a safe landing also helped .
nonetheless , he made a farewell video for his girlfriend .
Alexandra Jacobs , another passenger , credits pilot Scott Burke and crewmembers for calming the passengers .
They informed passengers of the problem and likelihood of a favorable outcome .
The level of anxiety among passengers rose once TV stations began covering it live , she says .
" That was when the alarm began to be ratcheted up , " says Jacobs , an editor at The New York Observer newspaper .
" The channels of communication stopped being exclusively from passengers " and crewmembers .
On Sept. 11 , 2001 , passengers on some flights hijacked by terrorists learned of the World Trade Center situation by cellphone .
As airlines work toward installation of Internet connections , and possibly the routine use of cellphones in flight , old ways are changing , experts say .
Capt .
Ron Nielsen , an airline pilot who conducts fear - of - flying classes , says airlines and pilots will have to be more forthcoming with information about delays , potential hazards and mishaps as passengers get more information access .
Says Nielsen : " Pilots will have to communicate more .
But there 's also an increase in passenger responsibility .
They 're responsible for their own state of panic . "
The proliferation of instant information sources is " something that airlines have to potentially respond to , " says Bert Boquet , a professor at Embry - Riddle Aeronautical University .
John Paul , a Dallas consultant and a frequent flier , says he'd welcome any measures that would increase passengers knowing more about in - flight situations .
" Some of the most frustrating times for me are when passengers are kept in the dark , " he says .
Frequent - flier Anita Madison of Chicago says she would n't have wanted to watch on TV what was happening with Flight 292 .
" The information being given by the flight crew would be more accurate than some unknowns on the Larry King Live show speculating as to what was going to happen , " she says .
On the JetBlue flight , TV sets went dark for the final minutes of the flight .
The flight captain chose to turn off the TV to " fully brief the passengers on board of the emergency situation , " says Jenny Dervin , a JetBlue spokeswoman .
The Bush administration and the National Security Agency ( NSA ) have been secretly monitoring the email messages and phone calls of all Americans .
They are doing this , they say , for our own good .
To find terrorists .
Many people have criticized NSA ’s domestic spying as unlawful invasion of privacy , as search without search warrant , as abuse of power , as misuse of the NSA ’s resources , as unConstitutional , as something the communists would do , something very unAmerican .
In addition , however , mass surveillance of an entire population cannot find terrorists .
It is a probabilistic impossibility .
It can not work .
What is the probability that people are terrorists given that NSA ’s mass surveillance identifies them as terrorists ?
If the probability is zero ( p=0.00 ) , then they certainly are not terrorists , and NSA was wasting resources and damaging the lives of innocent citizens .
If the probability is one ( p=1.00 ) , then they definitely are terrorists , and NSA has saved the day .
If the probability is fifty - fifty ( p=0.50 ) , that is the same as guessing the flip of a coin .
The conditional probability that people are terrorists given that the NSA surveillance system says they are , that had better be very near to one ( p=1.00 ) and very far from zero ( p=0.00 ) .
The mathematics of conditional probability were figured out by the Scottish logician Thomas Bayes .
If you Google " Bayes ’ Theorem " , you will get more than a million hits .
Bayes ’
Theorem is taught in all elementary statistics classes .
Everyone at NSA certainly knows Bayes ’ Theorem .
To know if mass surveillance will work , Bayes ’ theorem requires three estimations :
The base - rate for terrorists , i.e. what proportion of the population are terrorists ;
The accuracy rate , i.e. , the probability that real terrorists will be identified by NSA ;
The misidentification rate , i.e. , the probability that innocent citizens will be misidentified by NSA as terrorists .
No matter how sophisticated and super - duper are NSA ’s methods for identifying terrorists , no matter how big and fast are NSA ’s computers , NSA ’s accuracy rate will never be 100 % and their misidentification rate will never be 0 % .
That fact , plus the extremely low base - rate for terrorists , means it is logically impossible for mass surveillance to be an effective way to find terrorists .
I will not put Bayes ’ computational formula here .
It is available in all elementary statistics books and is on the web should any readers be interested .
But I will compute some conditional probabilities that people are terrorists given that NSA ’s system of mass surveillance identifies them to be terrorists .
The US Census shows that there are about 300 million people living in the USA .
Suppose that there are 1,000 terrorists there as well , which is probably a high estimate .
The base - rate would be 1 terrorist per 300,000 people .
In percentages , that is .00033 % , which is way less than 1 % .
Suppose that NSA surveillance has an accuracy rate of .40 , which means that 40 % of real terrorists in the USA will be identified by NSA ’s monitoring of everyone ’s email and phone calls .
This is probably a high estimate , considering that terrorists are doing their best to avoid detection .
There is no evidence thus far that NSA has been so successful at finding terrorists .
And suppose NSA ’s misidentification rate is .0001 , which means that .01 % of innocent people will be misidentified as terrorists , at least until they are investigated , detained and interrogated .
Note that .01 % of the US population is 30,000 people .
With these suppositions , then the probability that people are terrorists given that NSA ’s system of surveillance identifies them as terrorists is only p=0.0132 , which is near zero , very far from one .
Ergo , NSA ’s surveillance system is useless for finding terrorists .
Suppose that NSA ’s system is more accurate than .40 , let ’s say , .70 , which means that 70 % of terrorists in the USA will be found by mass monitoring of phone calls and email messages .
Then , by Bayes ’
Theorem , the probability that a person is a terrorist if targeted by NSA is still only p=0.0228 , which is near zero , far from one , and useless .
Suppose that NSA ’s system is really , really , really good , really , really good , with an accuracy rate of .90 , and a misidentification rate of .00001 , which means that only 3,000 innocent people are misidentified as terrorists .
With these suppositions , then the probability that people are terrorists given that NSA ’s system of surveillance identifies them as terrorists is only p=0.2308 , which is far from one and well below flipping a coin .
NSA ’s domestic monitoring of everyone ’s email and phone calls is useless for finding terrorists .
NSA knows this .
Bayes ’
Theorem is elementary common knowledge .
So , why does NSA spy on Americans knowing it ’s not possible to find terrorists that way ?
Mass surveillance of the entire population is logically sensible only if there is a higher base - rate .
Higher base - rates arise from two lines of thought , neither of them very nice :
McCarthy - type national paranoia ; political espionage .
The whole NSA domestic spying program will seem to work well , will seem logical and possible , if you are paranoid .
Instead of presuming there are 1,000 terrorists in the USA , presume there are 1 million terrorists .
Americans have gone paranoid before , for example , during the McCarthyism era of the 1950s .
Imagining a million terrorists in America puts the base - rate at .00333 , and now the probability that a person is a terrorist given that NSA ’s system identifies them is p=.99 , which is near certainty .
But only if you are paranoid .
If NSA ’s surveillance requires a presumption of a million terrorists , and if in fact there are only 100 or only 10 , then a lot of innocent people are going to be misidentified and confidently mislabeled as terrorists .
The ratio of real terrorists to innocent people in the prison camps of Guantanamo , Abu Ghraib , and Kandahar shows that the US is paranoid and is not bothered by mistaken identifications of innocent people .
The ratio of real terrorists to innocent people on Bush ’s no-fly lists shows that the Bush administration is not bothered by mistaken identifications of innocent Americans .
Also , mass surveillance of the entire population is logically plausible if NSA ’s domestic spying is not looking for terrorists , but looking for something else , something that is not so rare as terrorists .
For example , the May 19 Fox News opinion poll of 900 registered voters found that 30 % dislike the Bush administration so much they want him impeached .
If NSA were monitoring email and phone calls to identify pro-impeachment people , and if the accuracy rate were .90 and the error rate were .01 , then the probability that people are pro-impeachment given that NSA surveillance system identified them as such , would be p=.98 , which is coming close to certainty ( p=1.00 ) .
Mass surveillance by NSA of all Americans ’ phone calls and emails would be very effective for domestic political intelligence .
But finding a few terrorists by mass surveillance of the phone calls and email messages of 300 million Americans is mathematically impossible , and NSA certainly knows that .
May 26 , 2006
WTF ?!?!
John Travolta has been dodging the gay rumors for years like fellow Scientologist , Tom Cruise .
Poor Kelly .
Well , we bet she had an idea of all this anyway .
So is this why he has his own plane ?
Source
If you 've given the newly - released Firefox 2.0 Beta 1 a spin , you 've noticed that there are n't a lot of eye - popping new features .
However , there are some subtle improvements that make it a nice upgrade .
After the jump , screenshots of the few things I noticed .
Advertisement
In addition to built - in spellchecker shown above , Fx 2.0 also has close buttons on every individual tab - a much - needed feature ( especially on Mac OS X. )
Advertisement
There 's also better ( but still not great ) RSS integration .
When you click on a site 's feed icon ( at the far end of the address bar ) , a preview page with the option to choose your feed reader appears .
You can bypass this page by permanently setting your feed reader of choice , to automatically subscribe to a feed .
Set your preferred reader using this dialog ( notice the Bloglines , Google Reader and My Yahoo! defaults ) :
Advertisement
Finally , the new History menu maintains a list of recently - closed tabs with the option to re-open them .
Advertisement
Power extension users will note that most of this functionality is available in 1.5 with a few extensions , but now that these features come by default and are supported by Mozilla , more users will benefit from them .
If you have n't yet installed the Firefox 2.0 Beta 1 because you did n't want to lose your extension functionality , reader Brad reminds us how to fake out extensions into working .
I have n't tried that myself ( Scrapbook et al is just too precious to me to risk it ) so do proceed with caution .
Advertisement
Early Adopter Download of the Day : Firefox 2 Beta
Update , 7/13/2006 : Just found Mozilla 's Firefox 2.0 beta page , which lists two other features I missed : search suggestions as you type and automatic tab session restoration on crash , too .
The Mozilla Foundation has warned of a slew of critical vulnerabilities to its popular Firefox web browser and related products .
The most serious of the flaws create a means for hackers to inject malware onto vulnerable systems .
Other flaws would make it easier to construct phishing attacks or swipe sensitive information from PCs running Firefox .
Mozilla products fail to properly enforce security restrictions in JavaScript and are subject to memory corruption via maliciously constructed HTML tags .
There 's also problems with how the products handle Cascading Style Sheets which leave open security holes that might allow the execution of arbitrary code on a vulnerable system .
US CERT has produced a useful overview of the vulnerabilities , the most extensive ever to affect Mozilla products , here .
Secunia documents the 21 vulns here .
Users are advised to upgrade to Mozilla Firefox 1.5.0.2 , Mozilla Thunderbird 1.5.0.2 , or SeaMonkey 1.0.1 to guard against attack .
A security update to the Thunderbird email client ( version 1.5.0.2 ) is due to be released on Tuesday . ®
Michael Barone is senior political analyst for the Washington Examiner and resident fellow at American Enterprise Institute .
To find out more about Michael Barone , and read features by other Creators writers and cartoonists , visit the Creators Syndicate Web page at www.creators.com.
This image was lost some time after publication , but you can still view it here
Our beloved blood brothers at Jalopnik tell us that hybrid vehicles may be soon winding their way into Formula
One racing , where overlords of that heady luxo - sport world are sniffing around the technology .
Two big players who build such Formula One dream machines , N.Technology S.p.a. and Tatuus s.r.l. , have teamed up to build the first hybrid formula car .
The single - seater open - wheeled race car will have a 250 hp engine , presumably along with a thus - far unspecified electric motor that uses recursive regenerative braking to recharge its batteries .
Advertisement
The fact that hybrid engine technology is even being considered by world - class Formula
One designers serves as an ad hoc endorsement for the idea .
We 're feeling the logic of that — after topping 44 miles per gallon on a multi- thousand mile road trip in a Honda Civic Hybrid last week , you can imagine how jazzed we are about hybrid engines .
This development , along with the intriguing Tesla electric vehicle , show us that sometimes it is easy being green .
Advertisement
Green Goes Mean ?
Motorsports Firms to Build Hybrid F1 Car [ Jalopnik ]
SAP - Betriebsrat Richtungswahl in Walldorf
Wird es bei SAP nun doch einen Betriebsrat geben ?
Unternehmensgründer Dietmar Hopp will das unbedingt verhindern .
Am Nachmittag stimmten die SAP - Mitarbeiter darüber ab .
Ein Stimmungsbericht aus Walldorf .
Von Detlev Brechtel
Men are supposed to mellow in their mid-60s .
Richard Dawkins appears to be going the other way .
Never one to tolerate fools at the best of times , he 's become noticeably less patient as the years roll by .
" It does appear that I 've become rather more grumpy , " he says , without appearing that bothered one way or another .
And despite a contented home life with his third wife , the actor Lalla Ward , there 's a great deal to be grumpy about .
Back in 1976 , as a 30 - something research fellow recently returned to Oxford after the obligatory two - year stint in the US at the University of California at Berkeley , Dawkins secured his reputation with The Selfish Gene as a cutting - edge thinker and a man blessed with the common touch .
Long before popularising science became a career route for academics , Dawkins managed to advance the scientific understanding of the evolutionary process , while making that knowledge accessible to the general reader .
There were two key parts to The Selfish Gene .
The first was Dawkins 's inversion of the process of natural selection .
Instead of trotting out the established view that organisms use genes to self - replicate , Dawkins made the revolutionary suggestion that genes use organisms to propagate themselves , an idea that immediately answered many of the difficult questions of Darwinism , such as the apparent selflessness of some animal behaviour .
The second important theme was the rehabilitation of memes , self - replicating cultural transmissions - " viruses of the mind " - that are passed on both vertically and horizontally within families .
And it is the meme , or rather one particular meme , that is the prime cause of Dawkins 's current grumpiness .
According to memetic theory , memes are subject to the same process of natural selection as genes .
And yet one meme , the religious meme , steadfastly refuses to die .
You can see where the religious meme sprung from : when the world was an inexplicable and scary place , a belief in the supernatural was both comforting and socially adhesive .
But as our understanding of the world grew , you might have expected the religious meme to give way to rationalism .
Yet the opposite has happened .
Despite overwhelming scientific evidence for the Darwinian explanation of evolution , religious belief - and fundamentalist religion at that - remains as ingrained as ever .
Religion offends every bone in Dawkins 's rational , atheist body .
" You can see why people may want to believe in something , " he acknowledges .
" The idea of an afterlife where you can be reunited with loved ones can be immensely consoling - though not to me .
But to maintain such a belief in the face of all the evidence to the contrary is truly bewildering . "
If individual faith is , for Dawkins , an expression of an ignorance , collective faith and organised religion embody something much more pernicious .
That is what drove him to make two films for Channel 4 , the first of which was shown last night , and to write his new book , The God Delusion , to be published in September .
Dawkins describes these projects as " consciousness - raising exercises " but the films come across as full - frontal assaults .
Protestantism , Catholicism , Judaism and Islam all get both barrels .
Powerful and well - argued , they are ; subtle , they ain't .
Richard Harries , Bishop of Oxford , gets a walk - on role as the liberal voice of religion , but mostly it 's the fundamentalists of all faiths who fall under Dawkins 's scrutiny .
" They are profoundly wrong , " he says , " but in some ways I have more sympathy with their views than I do with the so - called more liberal wings .
At least the fundamentalists have n't tried to dilute their message .
Their faith is exposed for what it is for all to see . "
No such thing
What angers Dawkins most is the way religion gets such an easy ride .
" We treat it with a politically correct reverence that we do n't accord to any other institution , " he says .
" Even secularists talk about Jewish , Catholic and Muslim children .
There 's no such thing .
Children are n't born with a particular religious gene .
What they are is children of Jewish , Catholic and Muslim parents .
If you started to talk about monetarist or Marxist children , everyone would consider you abusive .
Yet for religion we make an exception .
We are incapable of distinguishing between race and religion .
There is some statistical correlation between the two , but they are very different entities and we should n't allow them to be confused . "
Predictably , Dawkins has no time for faith schools .
" Segregation has no place in the education system , " he argues .
" Take Northern Ireland .
You could get rid of the climate of hostility within a generation by getting rid of segregated schooling .
Separating Catholics and Protestants has fomented centuries of hostility . "
But Dawkins reserves his greatest scorn for creationists .
" How any government could promote the Vardy academies in the north - east of England is absolutely beyond me .
Tony Blair defends them on grounds of diversity , but it should be unthinkable in the 21st century to have a school whose head of science believes the world is less than 10,000 years old . "
Evolution offers Dawkins all the explanations he needs - " if there are other worlds elsewhere in the universe , I would conjecture they are governed by the same laws of natural selection " - but he does acknowledge there are still large gaps in our knowledge .
" Of course , we would love to know more about the exact moment of Big Bang , " he says , " but interposing an outside intelligence does nothing to add to that knowledge , as we still know nothing about the creation of that intelligence . "
Unfortunately for Dawkins , it is into precisely these gaps that faith and superstition insinuate themselves , a problem made worse for secularists when scientists declare a religious affiliation .
" I think the figures are somewhat overstated in this country , " he says tersely , " as it 's generally the same three scientists making their voices heard .
Most scientists use the term
God in the way that Einstein did , as an expression of reverence for the deep mysteries of the universe , a sentiment I share .
" In the US , the picture is rather different .
Coming out as an atheist can cost an academic his or her job in some parts of America , and many choose to keep quiet about their atheism .
In a recent survey , 40 % of US scientists said they believed in God ; however , when the sample was narrowed to those in the National Academy [ the US equivalent of the Royal Society ] the figure was down to 10 % . "
He did n't start out as an unbeliever .
Dawkins was born into a middle - class family that went to church each Christmas .
At school , Anglicanism , if not rammed down the throat , was at least a given .
" I had my first doubts when I was nine , " he recalls , " when I realised there were lots of different religions and they could n't all be right .
However I put my misgivings on hold when I went to Oundle and got confirmed .
I only stopped believing when I was about 15 . "
Opponents have claimed that Dawkins offers a bleak view of humanity , something he categorically denies .
" The chances of each of us coming into existence are infinitesimally small , " he argues , " and even though we shall all die some day , we should count ourselves fantastically lucky to get our decades in the sun . "
But even he expresses regret at our long - term prospects .
" Within 50 million years , it 's highly unlikely humans will still be around and it is sad to think of the loss of all that knowledge and music . "
Greatest skill
Dawkins 's greatest skill has been to synthesise other people 's material and come up with different ways of thinking about problems that revolutionise future research .
But to write him off as an ideas man , pure and simple , is to lose sight of the man .
He may not do any white - coat lab work these days but he can number - crunch with the best of them .
In person , he 's friendly rather than approachable , and there 's a hint of distance that suggests someone more at home in front of a computer than with other people .
" I did used to be addicted to computer programming , " he admits .
" In the early days , there was no off - the - shelf software and I wrote everything , from my own word - processing programmes to more complex programmes simulating cricket sounds that were necessary for my research .
However , I now view programming as a vice , so I do n't allow myself to do it . "
This split between the nerd and the populist has been evident all through his career .
The nerd may have been more in evidence early on - not least when he was doing his doctorate and ignored the advice of his Nobel prize - winning supervisor , Nikolaas Tinbergen , and opted for a stats fest , " a classic piece of Popperian science " , instead of a fluffier study of animal behaviour - but it 's still around .
Though Dawkins has held the Charles Simonyi Chair in the Public Understanding of Science at Oxford since 1995 and gets more attention than most other scientists , you sense there 's still a part of him that 's not altogether comfortable in the public gaze .
It seems self - evident that his recent work has become more polemical , though he becomes strangely reticent when you suggest he's now a political figure as much as a scientist .
" I do n't know about that , " he says .
" I would n't want to make those claims . "
But then he adds that he wishes more scientists would stand up to be counted in the public arena .
There are similar competing pulls elsewhere .
After declaring himself a recently converted anti-monarchist and delivering a withering attack on Prince Charles - " he 's clearly soft on religion , just as he is on every dopey , half - baked failure to think " - he pulls back , saying he has nothing against Prince Charles as a person and giving the thumbs up to the Queen .
Even so , no one 's ever going to die wondering what Dawkins really thinks .
He may agonise over the thinking process and worry about how his ideas are interpreted , but the real voice always emerges in the end .
Perhaps it is the populariser 's dilemma : you get remembered for the soundbite rather than the complexity .
Put on the spot , Dawkins reveals he believes his lasting contribution to science is his 1984 book , The Extended Phenotype .
Most lay people have long since forgotten or never heard of the book in which he argued that genes extend beyond their physical organisms - think beavers ' dams and birds ' nests - to ensure their survival .
But phenotypes have to remain on hold for the time being as it's religion that Dawkins has in his sights for the forseeable future .
And what if , by some mischance , he were to find there is a God when he dies ?
He looks at me as if I were mad .
" The question is so preposterous that I can hardly grace it with a hypothetical answer , " he says finally .
" But , to quote Bertrand Russell , I suspect I would say , ' There 's not enough evidence , God ' . "
Curriculum vitae
Name : Richard Dawkins
Age : 64
Job : Charles Simonyi Chair in the Public Understanding of Science at Oxford
Likes : walking the dog
Dislikes : back - to - front baseball caps , gratuitous noise
Books : The Selfish Gene , The Extended Phenotype , The Blind Watchmaker , Climbing Mount Improbable , The Ancestor 's Tale
Married : to Lalla Ward ( of Dr Who fame ) , one daughter from previous marriage
1 The Velvet Underground and Nico
The Velvet Underground and Nico ( 1967 )
Though it sold poorly on its initial release , this has since become arguably the most influential rock album of all time .
The first art - rock album , it merges dreamy , druggy balladry ( ' Sunday Morning ' ) with raw and uncompromising sonic experimentation ( ' Venus in Furs ' ) , and is famously clothed in that Andy Warhol - designed ' banana ' sleeve .
Lou Reed 's lyrics depicted a Warholian New York demi-monde where hard drugs and sexual experimentation held sway .
Shocking then , and still utterly transfixing .
Without this , there 'd be no ... Bowie , Roxy Music , Siouxsie and the Banshees and the Jesus and Mary Chain , among many others .
SOH
2 The Beatles
Sgt Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band ( 1967 )
There are those who rate Revolver ( 1966 ) or ' the White Album ' ( 1968 ) higher .
But Sgt Pepper 's made the watertight case for pop music as an art form in itself ; until then , it was thought the silly , transient stuff of teenagers .
At a time when all pop music was stringently manufactured , these Paul McCartney - driven melodies and George Martin - produced whorls of sound proved that untried ground was not only the most fertile stuff , but also the most viable commercially .
It defined the Sixties and - for good and ill - gave white rock all its airs and graces .
Without this ... pop would be a very different beast .
KE
3 Kraftwerk
Trans -Europe Express ( 1977 )
Released at the height of punk , this sleek , urbane , synthesised , intellectual work shared little ground with its contemporaries .
Not that it wanted to .
Kraftwerk operated from within a bubble of equipment and ideas which owed more to science and philosophy than mere entertainment .
Still , this paean to the beauty of mechanised movement and European civilisation was a moving and exquisite album in itself .
And , through a sample on Afrika Bambaataa 's seminal ' Planet Rock ' , the German eggheads joined the dots with black American electro , giving rise to entire new genres .
Without this ... no techno , no house , no Pet Shop Boys .
The list is endless .
KE
4 NWA
Straight Outta Compton ( 1989 )
Like a darker , more vengeful Public Enemy , NWA ( Niggaz With Attitude ) exposed the vicious realities of the West Coast gang culture on their lurid , fluent debut .
Part aural reportage ( sirens , gunshots , police radio ) , part thuggish swagger , Compton laid the blueprint for the most successful musical genre of the last 20 years , gangsta rap .
It gave the world a new production mogul in Dr Dre , and gave voice to the frustrations that flared up into the LA riots in 1992 .
As befits an album boasting a song called ' Fuck tha Police ' , attention from the FBI , the Parents ' Music Resource Centre and our own Metropolitan Police 's Obscene Publications Squad sealed its notoriety .
Without this ... no Eminem , no 50 Cent , no Dizzee Rascal .
KE
5 Robert Johnson
King of the Delta Blues Singers ( 1961 )
Described by Eric Clapton as ' the most important blues singer that ever lived ' , Johnson was an intensely private man , whose short life and mysterious death created an enduring mythology .
He was said to have sold his soul to the devil at a crossroads in Mississippi in exchange for his finger - picking prowess .
Johnson recorded a mere 29 songs , chief among them ' Hellhound on My Trail ' , but when it was finally issued , King of the Delta Blues Singers became one of the touchstones of the British blues scene .
Without this ... no Rolling Stones , Cream , Led Zeppelin .
SOH
6 Marvin Gaye
What 's Going On ( 1971 )
Gaye 's career as tuxedo - clad heart - throb gave no hint he would cut a concept album dealing with civil rights , the Vietnam war and ghetto life .
Equally startling was the music , softening and double - tracking Gaye 's falsetto against a wash of bubbling percussion , swaying strings and chattering guitars .
Motown boss Berry Gordy hated it but its disillusioned nobility caught the public mood .
Led by the oft - covered ' Inner City Blues ' , it ushered in an era of socially aware soul .
Without this ... no Innervisions ( Stevie Wonder ) or Superfly ( Curtis Mayfield ) .
NS
7 Patti Smith
Horses ( 1975 )
Who would have thought punk rock was , in part , kickstarted by a girl ?
Poet , misfit and New York ligger , Patti channelled the spirits of Keith Richards , Bob Dylan and Rimbaud into female form , and onto an album whose febrile energy and Dionysian spirit helped light the touchpaper for New York punk .
The Robert Mapplethorpe - shot cover , in which a hungry , mannish Patti stares down the viewer , defiantly broke with the music industry 's treatment of women artists ( sexy or girl - next - door ) and still startles today .
Without this ... no REM , PJ Harvey , Razorlight .
And no powerful female pop icons like Madonna .
KE
8 Bob Dylan
Bringing it All Back Home ( 1965 )
The first folk - rock album ?
Maybe .
Certainly the first augury of what was to come with the momentous ' Like a Rolling Stone ' .
Released in one of pop 's pivotal years , Bringing it All Back Home fused hallucinatory lyricism and , on half of its tracks , a raw , ragged rock 'n ' roll thrust .
On the opening song , ' Subterranean Homesick Blues ' , Dylan manages to pay homage to the Beats and Chuck Berry , while anticipating the surreal wordplay of rap .
Without this ... put simply , on this album and the follow - up , Highway 61 Revisited , Dylan invented modern rock music .
SOH
9 Elvis Presley
Elvis Presley ( 1956 )
The King 's first album was also the first example of how to cash in on a teenage craze .
With Presleymania at full tilt , RCA simultaneously released a single , a four - track EP and an album , all with the same cover of Elvis in full , demented cry .
They got their first million dollar album , the fans got a mix of rock - outs like ' Blue Suede Shoes ' , lascivious R&B and syrupy ballads .
Without this ... no King , no rock and roll madness , no Beatles first album , no pop sex symbols .
NS
10 The Beach Boys
Pet Sounds ( 1966 )
Of late , Pet Sounds has replaced Sgt Pepper 's as the critics ' choice of Greatest Album of All Time .
Composed by the increasingly reclusive Brian Wilson while the rest of the group were touring , it might well have been a solo album .
The beauty resides not just in its compositional genius and instrumental invention , but in the elaborate vocal harmonies that imbue these sad songs with an almost heartbreaking grandeur .
Without this ... where to start ?
The Beatles acknowledged its influence ; Dylan said of Brian Wilson , ' That ear !
I mean , Jesus , he 's got to will that to the Smithsonian . '
SOH
11 David Bowie
The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders From Mars ( 1972 )
Bowie 's revolutionary mix of hard rock and glam pop was given an otherwordly look and feel by his coquettish alter ego Ziggy .
It 's not so much that every act that followed dyed their hair orange in homage to the spidery spaceman ; more that they learned the value of creating a ' bubble ' of image and presentation that fans could fall in love with .
Without this ... we'd be lost .
No Sex Pistols , no Prince , no Madonna , no Duran Duran , no Boy George , no Kiss , no Bon Jovi , no ' Bohemian Rhapsody ' ... I could go on .
LH
12 Miles Davis
Kind of Blue ( 1959 )
A rare example of revolutionary music that almost everyone liked from the moment they heard it .
Its cool , spacey , open - textured approach marked a complete break with the prevalent ' hard bop ' style .
The effect , based on simple scales , called modes , was fresh , delicate , approachable but surprisingly expressive .
Others picked up on it and ' modal jazz ' has been part of the language ever since .
The album also became the media 's favourite source of mood music .
Without this ... no ominous , brooding , atmospheric trumpet behind a million radio plays and TV documentaries .
DG
13 Frank Sinatra
Songs for Swingin ' Lovers ( 1956 )
The previous year Sinatra had cut In the Wee Small Hours , a brooding cycle of torch songs that was arguably pop 's first concept album .
Once again working with arranger Nelson Riddle , he presented its complement ; a set of upbeat paeans to romance .
Exhilarating performances of standards like ' I 've Got You Under My Skin ' defined Sinatra 's urbane , finger - snapping persona for the rest of his career and pushed the record to number one in the first ever British album chart .
Without this ... the ' singer as song interpreter ' would n't have been born , karaoke menus would be much diminished .
NS
14 Joni Mitchell
Blue ( 1971 )
Though Carole King 's Tapestry was the biggest - selling album of the era , it is Joni Mitchell 's Blue that remains the most influential of all the early Seventies outings by confessional singer - songwriters .
Joni laid bare her heart in a series of intimate songs about love , betrayal and emotional insecurity .
It could have been hell ( think James Taylor ) but for the penetrating brilliance of the songwriting .
Raw , spare and sophisticated , it remains the template for a certain kind of baroque female angst .
Without this ... no Tori Amos or Fiona Apple - and Elvis Costello and Prince have cited her as a prime influence .
SOH
15 Brian Eno
Discreet Music ( 1975 )
Brian Eno , it is said , invented ambient music when he was stuck in a hospital bed unable to reach a radio that was playing too quietly , giving him the eureka moment that set the course not only for his post - Roxy Music career as an ' atmosphere ' - enhancing producer , but for the future of electronic music .
Without this ... we would n't have David Bowie 's Low or Heroes , the echoey guitars of U2 ' S The Edge , and no William Orbit , Orb , Juana Molina .
To name but a few .
LH
16 Aretha Franklin
I Never Loved a Man the Way I love You ( 1967 )
' R-E - S - P-E - C - T .
Find out what it means to me !'
Is there a more potent female lyric in pop ?
Franklin's Atlantic Records debut unleashed her soulful ferociousness upon an unsuspecting public , and both the singer and her album quickly became iconic symbols of black American pride .
Without this ... Tina Turner , Mariah Carey , girl power would not exist , and rudeboys would not spit ' res ' pec ' through kissed teeth .
EJS
17 The Stooges
Raw Power ( 1973 )
Produced by David Bowie , who also helped re-form the band , Raw Power was the Stooges 's late swansong , and their most influential album .
The Detroit group were already legendary for incendiary live shows and first two albums , but Raw Power , though selling as poorly as its predecessors , was subsequently cited as a prime influence by virtually every group in the British punk scene .
Without this ... no punk , so no Sex Pistols ( who covered ' No Fun ' ) ; no White Stripes .
SOH
18 The Clash
London Calling ( 1979 )
The best record to come out of punk , or punk 's death knell ?
On this double album , The Clash fused their rockabilly roots with their love of reggae , moving away from the choppy snarls of the scene that birthed them .
This was the album that legitimised punk - hitherto a stroppy fad - into the rock canon .
Its iconic cover , and songs about the Spanish Civil War brought left - wing politics firmly into musical fashion .
Without this ... would the west have come to love reggae , dub and ragga quite so much ?
We certainly would have no Manic Street Preachers ... or Green Day , or Rancid ... or possibly even Lily Allen .
KE
19 Mary J Blige
What 's the 411 ? ( 1992 )
When the Bronx - born ' Queen of Hip Hop Soul ' catapulted her debut on to a legion of approving listeners , she unwittingly defined a new wave of R&B.
Before Mary , R&B 's roots were still firmly planted in soul and jazz ( ie Aretha Franklin and Chaka Khan ) .
The emergence of hip hop and this album from Blige and her mentor and producer Sean ' Puffy ' Combs ( aka P Diddy ) gave birth to a new gritty sound , informed by the singer 's harrowing past .
Without this ... no R&B / soul divide , which means no TLC , Beyonce , or Ashanti , to name just three .
EJS
20 The Byrds
Sweetheart of the Rodeo ( 1968 )
At one inspired stroke , Sweetheart vanquished the cultural divide between acid-munching , peace - preaching long hairs and beer - swilling , flag - waving good old boys by creating the enduring hybrid of country - rock .
Allying rippling guitars and silky vocal harmonies with a mix of country tradition ( ' I Am a Pilgrim ' ) and Gram Parsons originals , the record irrevocably altered the perspective of two previously averse streams of Americana .
The group even cut their hair to play the Grand Ole Opry .
Without this ... no Hotel California , no Willie Nelson , no Shania Twain .
NS
21 The Spice Girls
Spice ( 1996 )
The music business has been cynically creating and marketing acts since the days of the wax cylinder , but on nothing like the scale of the Spice phenomenon , which was applied to crisps , soft drinks , you name it .
Musically , the Spice 's Motown - lite was unoriginal , but ' Girl Power ' , despite being a male invention , touched a nerve and defined a generation of tweenies who took it to heart .
Without this ... five - year - olds would not have become a prime target for pop marketeers .
Most of all , there 'd be no Posh 'n ' Becks .
NS
22 Kate Bush
The Hounds of Love ( 1985 )
On Side One our Kate strikes a deal with God , throws her shoes in a lake and poses as a little boy riding a rain machine .
Turn over , and she 's drowning , exorcising demons and dancing an Irish jig .
All this to a soundscape that employs the shiniest synthesised studio toys the Eighties had to offer in the service of one women 's unique yet utterly English musical genius .
Listen again to the delirious cacophany of ' Running Up That Hill ' , and it sounds like God struck that deal .
Without this ... Tori Amos would have spawned no earthquakes , Alison Goldfrapp would lack her juiciest cherries and romance would have withered on the vine .
JB
23 Augustus Pablo
King Tubby Meets Rockers Uptown ( 1976 )
Jamaica 's invention of dub - a stripped - down , echo - laden instrumental remix of a vocal track - was spawned principally on the B - sides of local reggae hits and in the island 's competing sound - systems , with technician - engineer King Tubby as its master creator , a man who could ' play ' the mixing console .
This collection of ethereal melodies by melodica maestro Augustus Pablo distilled the art into album form .
It would be years before the West caught up .
Without this ... no DJ remixes , no house , no rave .
NS
24 Youssou N'Dour
Immigres ( 1984 )
The charismatic N'Dour , Senegal 's top star , changed the West 's perception of African musicians , just as he had revolutionised Senegalese music .
Nothing sounded like the fusion on Immigres , with its lopsided rhythms , whooping talking drums and discordant horns , topped by N'Dour 's supple , powerful vocals .
Immigres also redefined the role of West African griot , addressing migration and African identity .
Without this ...
N'Dour would n't have met Peter Gabriel , there 'd have been no African presence at Live 8 .
In fact , ' world music ' would not exist as a section in Western collections .
NS
25 James Brown
Live at the Apollo ( 1963 )
This remains the live album by which all others are measured , and is still the best delineation of the raw power of primal soul music .
It propelled James Brown into the mainstream , and paved the way for a string of propulsive hits like ' Papa 's Got a Brand New Bag ' ( 1965 ) and ' Cold Sweat ' ( 1967 ) .
The catalyst for many great soul stylists , from Sly Stone to Otis Redding , it also provided an early lesson in dynamics for the young Michael Jackson .
Without this ... great chunks of hip hop - which has sampled Brown more than almost any other - would be missing .
SOH
26 Stevie Wonder
Songs in the Key of Life ( 1976 )
This influenced virtually every modern soul and R&B singer , brimming with timeless classics like ' Is n't She Lovely ' , ' As ' and ' Sir Duke ' .
The 21 - tracker encompassed a vast range of life 's issues - emotional , social , spiritual and environmental - all performed with bravado and a lightness of touch .
No other R&B artist has sung about the quandaries of human existence with quite the same grace .
Without this ... no Alicia Keys , no John Legend - contemporary R&B would be empty and lifeless .
EJS
27 Jimi Hendrix
Are You Experienced ( 1967 )
Looking and playing like a brother from another planet , Hendrix delivered the most dramatic debut in pop history .
Marrying blues and psychedelia , dexterity and feedback trickery , it redefined the guitar 's sonic possibilities , while beyond the fretboard pyrotechnics burnt a fierce artistic vision - ' Third Stone From the Sun ' made Jimi rock 's first ( and still best travelled ) cosmonaut .
Without this ... countless guitarists and cock - rockers might not have been ( Stevie Ray Vaughan , Lenny Kravitz , even Miles Davis owes him ) , but most of all , without Experienced , there 'd be no Jimi experience .
NS
28 Prince and the Revolution
Purple Rain ( 1984 )
Prince had been plugging away with limited success for several years when the man in tiny pants reinvented himself as a purple - clad movie star .
Like Michael Jackson , he felt that the way to gain crossover appeal was to run the musical gamut : in this case , from the minimalist funk of his earlier albums to the volume - at - 11 rock of Jimi Hendrix .
The title track is a monumental , fist - clenching rock ballad that , perversely , whetted our appetites for far worse examples by Christina Aguilera among others .
Without this ... no Janet Jackson , no Peaches , and certainly no Beck .
LH
29 Pink Floyd
The Dark Side of the Moon ( 1973 )
Sounds like it was pretty tough to be in Pink Floyd in the early 1970s .
You had all the money you could spend ( ker- ching ! ) but you thought that was vulgar .
You did n't get on with your bandmates because they all had superiority complexes .
You could n't enter the recording booth without having an existential crisis .
Piper At The Gates of Dawn , their debut with the late Syd Barrett , turned out to be influential in a more positive sense ( David Bowie , Blur ) .
Without this ... there 'd be no Thom Yorke solo mumblings , and much less prog rock ( if only ... ) .
LH
30 The Wailers
Catch a Fire ( 1973 )
Alongside The Harder They Come ( movie and soundtrack ) , Catch a Fire changed the perception of reggae from eccentric , lightweight pop to a music of mystery and power .
Dressed in a snappy Zippo lighter sleeve , and launched with rock razzmatazz , it delivered a polished , guitar - sweetened version of what Bob Marley , Peter Tosh and Bunny Wailer had made when white audiences were n't listening .
By turns militant , mystic and sexy , it helped make Bob Marley the first Third World superstar .
Without this ... no Aswad or Steel Pulse , no native American or Maori or African reggae bands .
NS
31 The Stone Roses
The Stone Roses ( 1989 )
Until the late Eighties , Manchester was thought to be a forbidding , dour place where the ghost of Ian Curtis still clanked about .
The Stone Roses ' concatenation of sweet West Coast psychedelia and the lairy , loved - up rave culture was as unforeseeable as it was seismic .
Ecstasy pulled the sniffy rock kids away from their Smiths records and into clubland ; the result was an album whose woozy words and funky drumming sounded as guileless as it did hedonistic .
Without this ... well , a bit of the Roses remains in the DNA of every British guitar band since .
KE
32 Otis Redding
Otis Blue ( 1965 )
Until Stax Records and Otis Redding arrived , the Southern states were a place you had to leave to make it ( unless you were a country singer ) .
Recorded weeks after the death of Redding 's idol , Sam Cooke , the album cast Otis as Cooke 's successor , an embodiment of young black America with white appeal - alongside Cooke 's ' A Change is Gonna Come ' was the Stones 's ' Satisfaction ' .
With terrific backings from the MGs and the Markeys horns behind Otis 's rasping vocals , it defined ' soul ' .
Without this ... no Aretha Franklin singing ' Respect ' , no Al Green , and no Terence Trent D'Arby .
NS
33 Herbie Hancock
Head Hunters ( 1973 )
It definitively wedded jazz to funk and R&B , and did it with such joyful confidence that it launched a whole new , open - minded approach to the music .
Equally important was the use of electronic keyboards , then in their infancy , which vastly expanded the range of available textures .
Head Hunters kickstarted the stylistic and ethnic fusions that have enlivened jazz for 30 years .
Without this ... suffice to say , almost everything in the jazz - funk idiom can be traced back to this .
DG
34 Black Sabbath
Black Sabbath ( 1970 )
A mere 30 minutes long , this was none the less the album where heavy metal was first forged .
Its ponderous tempos , cod-satanic imagery ( bassist Geezer Butler was a Roman Catholic and Dennis Wheatley fan ) , Tony Iommi's sledgehammer guitar riffs and Ozzy Osbourne 's shrieking vocals all went on to define the genre and shaped most arena rock of the Seventies and Eighties .
Without this ... no Spinal Tap , no grunge or Kurt Cobain and , of course , no Osbournes .
NS
35 The Ramones
The Ramones ( 1976 )
' Fun disappeared from music in 1974 , ' claimed singer Joey Ramone .
To restore it took he and his three ' brothers ' just one album and 16 tracks , all under three minutes .
Brevity was the New York punk rockers ' first lesson to the world , along with speed , a distorted guitar thrash and a knowing line in faux - dumb lyrics .
In an era of ' progressive ' rock pomposity and 12 - minute tracks , the Ramones ' back - to - basics approach was rousing and confrontational .
Without this ... no fun .
NS
36 The Who
My Generation ( 1965 )
Alongside the equally influential Small Faces , The Who were the quintessential British mod group .
Long before they recorded the first rock opera , Tommy , they unleashed a stream of singles that articulated all the youthful pent - up frustration of Sixties London before it started to swing .
Their 1965 debut album , My Generation , included the defiant and celebratory ' The Kids Are Alright ' and the ultimate mod anthem , ' My Generation ' , with its infamous line , ' I hope I die before I get old . '
Angry aggressive art - school pop with attitude to burn .
Without this ... no Paul Weller , no Blur and , God help us , no Ordinary Boys either .
NS
37 Massive AttackBlue Lines ( 1991 )
Obliterators of rap 's boundaries , Massive Attack pioneered the cinematic trip hop movement .
After graduating from one of Britain 's premier sound systems , the Bristol - based Wild Bunch , Andrew ' Mushroom ' Vowles and Grant ' Daddy G' Marshall joined forces with graffiti artist 3D .
Massive Attack 's debut LP spawned the unforgettable ' Unfinished Sympathy ' and remains a modern classic .
Without this ... no Roots Manuva , no Dizzee .
In fact , there would be no British urban music scene to speak of .
EJS
38 Radiohead
The Bends ( 1995 )
In parallel with Jeff Buckley , Radiohead 's Thom Yorke popularised the angst - laden falsetto , a thoughtful opposite to the chest - beating lad - rock personified by Oasis 's Liam Gallagher .
Sounding girly to a backdrop of churning guitars became a much - copied idea , however , one which eventually coalesced into an entire decade of sound .
Without this ...
Coldplay would not exist , nor Keane , nor James Blunt .
KE
39 Michael Jackson
Thriller ( 1982 )
Pure , startling genius from beginning to end , Michael Jackson and producer Quincy Jones seemed hellbent on creating the biggest , most universally appealing pop album ever made .
Jones introduced elements of rock into soul and vice versa in such a way that it's now no surprise to hear a pop record that mashes up more marginal genres into a form that will have universal relevance .
Without this ... no megastars such as Justin Timberlake or Madonna , no wide - appeal uber - producers such as Timbaland or Pharrell Williams .
LH
40 Run DMC
Run DMC ( 1984 )
Before them came block - rocking DJ Grandmaster Flash and the Godfather , Afrika Bambaataa , but it was Run DMC who carved the prototype for today 's hip hop MCs .
Their self - titled debut - the first rap album to go gold - was rough around the edges and catchy as hell .
As Rev Run spat , ' Unemployment at a record high / People coming , people going , people born to die ' , the way was paved for conscious and political rap .
Without this ... no Public Enemy , Roots and Nas .
EJS
41 Chic
Chic ( 1977 )
The Chic Organisation revolutionised disco music in the late Seventies , reclaiming it from the naff Bee Gees and ensuring the pre-eminence of slickly produced party music in the charts for the next three decades .
Its main men Nile Rodgers and Bernard Edwards patented a sound on their 1977 debut that was influential on bands from Duran Duran to Orange Juice .
They also created a hit - making formula that mixed dance beats with monster hooks .
Without this ... no Destiny 's Child .
LH
42 The Smiths
The Smiths ( 1984 )
Yearning , melodic , jangly , and very northern , The Smiths ' first album was quite unlike anything that had gone before .
It helped that Morrissey was a one - off and that Johnny Marr had taken all the best riffs from Sixties pop , punk and disco and melded them into his own unique style .
But there was something magical about their sound that endless successors have tried to replicate .
Without this ... there 'd be no Belle and Sebastian , no Suede , no Oasis , and no Libertines - at the very least .
LH
43 Primal Scream
Screamadelica ( 1991 )
Thanks to producer Andrew Weatherall and some debauched raving , this former fey indie outfit enthusiastically took on dance music 's heady rushes .
It was a conversion bordering on the Damascene , but one being mirrored in halls of residence , cars , clubs and bedsits all around the nation .
Screamadelica brought hedonism crashing into the mainstream .
Without this ... no lad culture - it was no accident that a mag founded in 1994 shared its name with Screamadelica 's defining single , ' Loaded ' .
KE
44 Talking Heads
Fear of Music ( 1979 )
There 's something refreshingly jolly about the modern - life paranoia expressed by chief Talking Head David Byrne on this album that moany old Radiohead could learn from .
Opening track ' I Zimbra ' splices funk with afrobeat , paving the way for Byrne and Eno 's mould - breaking My Life in the Bush of Ghosts album a few years later .
Without this ... Paul Simon 's Graceland might never have been made .
LH
45 Fairport Convention
Liege and Lief ( 1969 )
The birth of English folk - rock .
Considered an act of heresy by folk purists , this electrified album fragmented the band .
No matter , the opening cry of ' Come all you roving minstrels ' proved galvanic .
Without this ... no Celtic revivalists like the Pogues and Waterboys or descendants like the Levellers .
NS
46 The Human League
Dare ( 1981 )
Until Dare , synthesisers meant solemnity .
Phil Oakey 's reinvention of the group as chirpy popsters , complete with two flailing , girl - next - door vocalists , feminised electronica .
Without this ... and Oakey 's lop - sided haircut , squads of new romantics and synth - pop acts would have been lost .
NS
47 Nirvana
Nevermind ( 1991 )
You might argue Nirvana 's landmark album changed nothing whatsoever .
All their best seditious instincts came to nothing , after all .
And yet Nevermind still rocks mightily , capturing a moment when the vituperative US underground imposed its agenda on the staid mainstream .
Without this ... no Seattle scene , no Britpop , no Pete Doherty .
KE
48 The Strokes
Is This It ? ( 2001 )
Five good - looking young men hauled the jangling sound of Television and the Velvet Underground into the new millennium , reinvigorating rock 's obsession with having a good time .
Without this ... a fine brood of heirs would not have been spawned : among them , Franz Ferdinand and the Libertines .
KE
49 De La Soul
3 Feet High and Rising ( 1989 )
Ten years after hip hop 's arrival , its original joie de vivre had been subsumed by macho braggadocio .
Three Feet High made hip hop playful again , with light rhythms , unusual sound samples and its talk of the D.A.I.S.Y. age ( ' Da Inner Sound Y'all ' ) earning the trio a ' hippy ' label .
Without this ... thoughtful hip hop acts like the Jungle Brothers and PM Dawn would n't have arrived .
NS
50 LFO
Frequencies ( 1991 )
Acid house was sniffed at as a fad until it started producing ' proper ' albums .
Frequencies was its first masterpiece .
Updating the pristine blueprint of Kraftwerk with house , acid , ambient and hip hop , it made dance music legitimate to album - buyers .
Without this ... no success for Orbital , Underworld , Leftfield , Chemical Brothers or Aphex Twin .
KE
· Have your say
Restricting our anniversary list to a mere 50 was a tortuous process .
We know you have opinions on these highly emotive matters , so join the debate and make a case for your choice of record at observer .
co.uk/ blog
実 に360人もの人がブックマークしたシュレーディンガーの猫の核心という記事が、なぜピントずれのトンデモ記事なのかを、専門用語を一切使わずに説明してみます。文系の人どころか、中学生にもシュレディンガーの猫の核心がわかるように
説明してみます。*1
量子とは何か よく、 「 電子や光は、粒子でも波でもなく、量子なのだ」と言われます。
でも、この量子って、 「 何」なんでしょう？
一般人の生活感覚からすると、量子というのは、あらゆる異質なものの中で、もっとも異質なものです。
どのくらい異質かというと、あまりに異質すぎて、僕たちが日常知っているいかなるものとも、少しも似ているところが無いほどです。
だから、 「 量子というのは、要するに○○みたいなものだ」ということは出来ません。
だって何にも似ていないんだもの。
量子とは、日常知っている何かに例えて説明することができない「何か」なんです。
いや、もっというと、 「 何か」ですら無い。
ここが一番のミソなんだけど、量子という名前の「何か 」
が「存在」するわけじゃないんです。
それは、日常生活的な意味での「存在」ではないんです。
これは哲学でも禅問答でもない ここで勘違いしないで欲しいのは、これは、哲学なんかじゃないっていうことです。
ものの見方の話をしているわけじゃないんです。
べたべたに現実的で具体的で物質的な話として、量子は日常的な意味で「存在」しないんですよ。
量子は、言うなれば存在の確からしさの濃淡パターンとして広がっているだけなんです。
在り方そのものが、われわれが日常イメージするような「もの」とは、根本的に異なるんです。
それは存 在 「 確率 」ではない ここで言う存在する確からしさというのは、「存在する確率」とは違うものです。「確率」というのは、「サイコロを振って1が出る確率」というように、いつかは、「実際に１が出たかどうか」が確定するもののことです。でも、量子の「存在」は、いつまでたっても、確定しないんです。未来永劫確定することは無いんです。いかなる量子であれ、「量子がある場所にしっかりと存在する」という状態は、宇宙開闢以来一度もなかったし、宇宙が消滅するほどの未来に渡ってそれは有りえない。だからそれは確率ではないんです。量子が存在する確率の高いところが濃くなっていて、存在する確率の低いところが薄くなっているわけではないんです。濃いところは「存在そのもの」が濃いんです。薄いところは、「存在そのもの」が薄いんです。(この存在の確からしさのことを、ここでは、便宜上、存在の蓋然性と呼ぶことにします。)
それは雲ではない このように、存在蓋然性、すなわち存在する確からしさは、なにものにも例えることができません。中学校の科学の時間に、「 電子は原子核の周りを電子の粒が惑星のようにぐるぐる回っているわけではなく、電子雲と呼ばれる雲のようにぼわーっと広がっている」という説明を受けた方もいらっしゃると思います。でも、それは、雲じゃないんですよ。雲というのは、霧のようなもので、水滴が空気中に浮かんでいて、その密度の濃いところと薄いところがあって、濃淡ができている。でも、電子雲は、われわれの目にする雲のように、確かに存在するものである水滴の濃淡によって形成された雲ではないんです。それは、「何か」の濃淡なのではなく、存在の確からしさそのものの濃淡なのです。
「 存在」しているという錯覚を引き起こしているのは、極端な「濃さ 」
でも、僕はここにこうして確かに存在しているじゃないかって？違うんです。それは、存在蓋然性の濃淡パターンの折り重なりにより、総和としての存在蓋然性が、極限まで「濃く」なっているだけの状態なんです。マクロになるほど、存在蓋然性の濃淡パターンが濃くなっていくから、存在蓋然性が実質的に日常感覚的な「存在」と実質的に変わらなくなってくるだけなんです。程度問題に過ぎないんです。我々が「存在」と感覚的に捕らえているものの正体は、存在蓋然性が極限まで濃くなったものなんです。
相対性理論とニュートン力学の関係に似ている これは、相対性理論とニュートン力学の関係に似ています。厳密に言えば、走っている電車を外から眺めている人から見ると、電車の中の空間は少し縮んでいるし、時間の流れは少し遅くなっています。でも、そんなの日常生活では、無視して、ニュートン力学的な理解だけで十分なわけです。でも、電車の速度が、光の速度にごく近くなると、ニュートン力学はもう通用しなくなる。
これは、物理法則が、低速ではニュートン力学に、高速では相対性理論に従うためでは「ない」んです。低速だろうと、高速だろうと、どちらでも本質的には、相対性理論に従うんです。ただし、低速では、実質的にニュートン力学で近似できると言うだけです。とくに、日常の感覚世界は、ニュートン力学に従って電車は動くと理解しておいて、問題がでることはまず無いんです。
同じように、ミクロだろうとマクロだろうと、あらゆるものは、存在蓋然性の濃淡パターンの折り重なりでしかなく、日常的な意味で「存在」するものなど無いのだけれども、マクロにおいては、日常的な「存在」の感覚だけで事足りるわけなんです。でも、光の速度に近づくにつれてニュートン力学的な理解が通用しなくなるように、電子とか光子とかニュートリノとかのサイズになってくると、日常的な「存在」という理解が通用しなくなっていくんです。
一切の 「もの」が存在しないだけでなく、一切の「こと」も存在しない
そして、もっと言うと、あらゆる「もの」が存在しないだけでなく、あらゆる「こと」も存在しません。リンゴも人間も、存在蓋然性の濃淡パターンが重なり合っているだけなのと同じように、生きているのか死んでいるのかという状態すら「存在」しないんです。存在蓋然性の濃淡パターンが折り重なっているだけなんです。
シュレ猫のパラドックスは偏見にとらわれた人間の自縄自縛的虚妄
だから、シュレディンガーの猫のパラドックスは、そもそも「シュレディンガーの猫が生きている状態の蓋然性の濃さが中くらいの状態」を、日常生活的な「存在」感覚に例えて理解しようとしたことから生じた誤解に過ぎないんです。単にぼくたちの日常生活的な偏見がもたらした錯誤に過ぎないんです。我々の日常生活で目にするものは、すべて、存在蓋然性がものすごく濃いかものすごく薄いものばかりです。つまり、日常生活では、ちょう濃いかちょう薄いかの二値しか、目にすることはありません。でも、それは、たまたま我々がそのサイズの世界に生きているから、それを見たことがないだけで、他のサイズの世界にまでその常識を持ち込むのは、おかしな話です。世界中どこでも英語が話されていて、アメリカの会計基準で組織が運営されていて、資本主義の原則に従って経済活動が行われているのが当たり前だと考えるアメリカ人みたいなもので、自分のところでしか通用しない常識を無理矢理よそに持ち込んで通用させようとするから、はなしがややこしくなるんです。
量子サイズの世界では、われわれの常識世界のように、そんな極端に濃いものや、極端に薄いものばかりじゃないんです。にもかかわらず、真っ黒か真っ白の状態しか思い至らない人間中心的な日常感覚を引きずったままシュレディンガーの猫の生死の状態を論じようとするものだから、「シュレディンガーの猫が生きている状態と死んでいる状態の二つの状態が同時に成立している」とかいう目も当てられないトンチンカンな議論をするはめになるわけです。
白と黒しか見たことがない人が灰色を説明しようとした結果が「重ね合わせ」というトンデモ
そもそも量子力学を解説するときの「重ね合わせ」という言葉使い自体が、あまりにも、我々の日常的な常識に毒されすぎているんです。それは、われわれが日常的に知っているような「状態」が重なったものじゃないんです。状態の蓋然性が極端に濃かったり極端に薄かったりしないだけの、量子サイズの世界ではごくありふれた中間的な濃さの蓋然性だというだけの話なんです。そもそも何も重なったりなんかしてないんですよ。
にもかかわらず、灰色というものを見たことが無いものだから、世の中には黒と白しか無いものだというひどい偏見を頭から信じて疑わず、黒と白だけで灰色を説明しようとするものだから、「灰色というのは黒と白を重ね合わせた状態のことだ」という意味不明のトンチンカンな説明になるわけです。
そもそも、パラドックスなんて、どこにもなんですよ。まるで風車を怪獣だと思いこんで突撃するドンキホーテのようなもので、戦っている怪獣は、戦っている人間の脳内にしかいなかったわけなんですよ。
箱を開けた瞬間に、一時間前に起こったことが過去にさかのぼって決定される
ただし、人間がその箱のふたを開けた瞬間、蓋然性の濃さは、白か黒かのどちらかに収縮します。だから、たとえば、ふたを開けた結果、死後一時間の猫が発見されたとしても、それは、猫が死んでから一時間後にふたを開けたことにはなりません。そうではなく、ふたを開けた瞬間に、一時間前に猫が死んだという過去の事実が決定されたのです。これが、観測による蓋然性の収縮です。
人間の意識による観測が収縮をひきおこすのか？ じゃあ、その「観測」というのは、機械による「観測」ではだめで、人間の意識による観測だけが観測なのか、というと、そういう話でもないんです。
たとえば、人間と猫を一緒に入れられるような大きな箱を用意して、人間だけは毒ガスにやられないように、ガスマスクをつけておくことにします。その場合でも、やっぱり、猫が一時間前に死んだことが、箱のふたを開けた瞬間に決定されます。箱の中では、ちゃんと人間が猫の生死を観測しているのにもかかわらず、です。
A new method for lowering blood pressure ( hypertension ) through use of a compound that synthesizes a cannabis ( hashish ) plant component has been developed by a pharmacology Ph.D. student at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem School of Pharmacy .
For his work on the cardiovascular activity of cannabinoids ( chemical compounds derived from cannabis ) , Yehoshua Maor was one of the winners of this year 's Kaye Innovation Awards , presented on June 13 during the Hebrew University of Jerusalem 's 69th meeting of the Board of Governors .
Cardiovascular disease ( CVD ) accounts for about one - third of all deaths in industrialized countries , and is the leading reason for visits there to physicians as well as for drug prescriptions .
However , not all patients respond well to the drugs available .
There is no " ideal ' hypotensive ( blood pressure lowering ) drug .
The cannabis plant – also known as hashish or marijuana – through its chemical compounds -- cannabinoids -- has been shown to have a beneficial , hypotensive effect .
However , a drawback in the therapeutic use of cannabinoids has been its undesirable psychotropic properties – production of hallucinatory effects .
Attempts to separate the hypotensive action from the psychotropic properties of cannabinoids have achieved only partial success until now .
Working under the supervision of Prof. Raphael Mechoulam at the Hebrew University School of Pharmacy , Maor , who was born in Brazil and immigrated to Israel in 1998 , has created a synthetic version of a minor cannabis constituent named cannabigerol , which is devoid of psychotropic activity .
In laboratory experiments with rats in collaboration with Prof. Michal Horowitz of the Department of Environmental Physiology , it was found that this novel compound reduced blood pressure when administered to the rats in relatively low doses .
Additional testing also showed that the compound also brought about another beneficial effect -- relaxation of the blood vessels .
A further beneficial property observed in work carried out with Prof. Ruth Gallily of the Lautenberg Center for General and Tumor Immunology , was that the compounds produced an anti-inflammatory response .
Maor believes that these qualities have the potential for development of a valuable new clinical drug with a major market potential , especially for patients suffering from inflammation of the blood vessels as the result of hypertension , and others with metabolic irregularities .
Maor already has won international recognition for his work with cannabanoids , resulting from his collaborative work with Garry Milman , another Ph.D. student in the laboratory of Prof .
Mechoulam , for the discovery of an endogenous compound found in the brain which causes vaso - relaxation .
Maor begin a post - doctoral fellowship in the fall at the Harvard University Medical School , where he plans to continue his research .
The Kaye Innovation Awards have been given annually since 1994 .
Isaac Kaye of England , a prominent industrialist in the pharmaceutical industry , established the awards to encourage faculty , staff and students of the Hebrew University to develop innovative methods and inventions with good commercial potential which will benefit the university and society .
There is no way Scott Lazar can read Coldplay 's DRM notice of terms and conditions without inspiration striking .
So here is his latest , ColdPizza .
Groklaw has no law against creativity , so feel free to add your own touches .
Enjoy !
Update : Some of your additions were so much fun , I asked Scott if we could incorporate them .
He thought it was a good idea , so he picked out the best he wanted to add to his original .
I 've made the additions italic , so you can see the differences .
For credits , just look through the comments .
There are many more that are also fun .
One suggests that the following terms are found printed on the back of the pizza , or alternatively , under the cheese .
Another suggests you obtain pizza only with a GNU Pizza license , to which another says : and only with open sauce topping .
I loved the reaction to one confession by Groklaw 's RealProgrammer to making pizza omelettes out of cold pizza :
You will pay dearly for that , Mr. RealProgrammer .
The PIAA ( Pizza Industry Ass. of America ) does not find it amusing that you would pirate the hard work of their members .
Creative people making almost minimum wage put many years of total effort into that recipe , and they have a right to insist that you only use the ingrediants as intended .
The PIAA expects you to identify yourself and pay prompt restitution forthwith .
Failure to do so will result in legal action against you and any of your friends or family with which you have shared in this abominable piracy of fine pizza ingrediants .
Our legal firm , " Dewey , Cheetam , and Howe " will be in contact with you as soon as they can compel your grocery store to identify you .
We believe our motto says it all : " The PIAA : All your pizza are belong to us ! "
And I loved these contributions too : " Most people , I think , do n't even know what salmonella is so why should they care about it ? " - ColdPizza VP of marketing , Thomas Hissiefit .
And in latest news : WASHINGTON --
The pizza industry sued 477 more ColdPizza eaters Wednesday , including dozens of college students at schools in 11 states , accusing them of illegally sharing pizza at parties .
" We hope our legal efforts will educate the public that ColdPizza swapping is an illegal activity with serious consequences . "
***************************
ColdPizza
~ by Scott Lazar COLDPIZZA THIS FOOD PRODUCT ( FP ) IS A COPY PROTECTED FOOD PRODUCT
Thank you very much for purchasing this FOOD PRODUCT and helping the cause of " Anti-Piracy " .
The components in this FOOD PRODUCT may have anti-eat / anti-reheat function (s ) .
They cannot be resold , reheated or stored in unauthorized devices .
In order to ensure a high quality food experience , we have added this special technology .
Before purchasing or consuming , please read the following : USAGE GUIDELINES :
This FOOD PRODUCT cannot be re-heated using an unauthorized FOOD PRODUCT Reheating ( FP - R ) device , nor can it be converted into smaller slices for food sharing .
You may not , through the use of external implements , alter the size of the FOOD PRODUCT .
The maximum ratio of FOOD PRODUCT portions is limited to no more than 3.14159265 servings per person per purchased item .
By purchasing this FOOD PRODUCT , you agree in advance to purchase in sufficient quantity so as not to exceed this limitation .
Only officially licensed and legally purchased ingredients and / or toppings may be used in conjunction with this FOOD PRODUCT .
As such , you agree not to alter the finished FOOD PRODUCT by either adding unauthorized ingredients or removing any existing ingredients .
By purchasing or consuming this FOOD PRODUCT you agree not to reverse - engineer the FOOD PRODUCT via disassembly for the purpose of obtaining a list of ingredients or calculating the proportions of same .
By purchasing or consuming this FOOD PRODUCT you agree not to independently produce , or aid in the production of , any similar product , whether for personal or commercial use .
You are licensed only to permit the one - time travel of FOOD PRODUCT through a single digestive system in the conventional direction .
Re-ingestion , regurgitation or sharing by yourself or others in any other method is specifically denied .
Should the container FOOD PRODUCT is delivered in be stolen , lost , or discarded your license will be terminated .
Transferring ownership of the FOOD PRODUCT box by any means ( including waste disposal ) will be treated as an attempt to resell FOOD PRODUCT .
Re-distribution of FOOD PRODUCT in any fashion is strictly prohibited .
If your license for FOOD PRODUCT is terminated for any reason , any FOOD PRODUCT remaining uneaten , partially digested , uneliminated , or otherwise unincorporated must be immediately returned at your cost to the manufacturer .
The FOOD PRODUCT may incorporate security features that could monitor your use of this and any other food products .
Whilst possible side effects may include in rare cases loss of balance , autoimmune irregularities , intestinal discomfort , gout , obesity or even death , you agree in advance to hold Manufacturer blameless .
This FOOD PRODUCT has been manufactured for usage only in specific FOOD PRODUCT cooking devices and storage containers and might not be usable with the following devices :
Some FOOD PRODUCT reheaters that have the capability of reheating competing products
Some microwave heating devices with pre-defined " Pizza " or " Sandwich " buttons
Any FOOD PRODUCT cookers which operate utilizing Celsius temperature scale
Some FOOD PRODUCT cookers or reheaters with convection capability
Some FOOD PRODUCT ( FP - R / RW ) reheaters designed for use in dormitory settings
Some portable FOOD PRODUCT carrying containers
Some serving and / or warming trays
Some FOOD PRODUCT cleaning devices , such as generic napkins , paper towels or wet wipes - style products
Some denture products , including partial bridges and unapproved full ceramic teeth replacements
Although you can visually and olfactorally inspect the FOOD PRODUCT , this does not imply that the FOOD PRODUCT can be consumed in all situations .
The first time that this FOOD PRODUCT is purchased ( either for delivery and / or through the use of a debit / credit card ) it will automatically register with the production franchise .
In addition , the first time that this FOOD PRODUCT is consumed ( not necessarily purchased ) it will automatically be registered with the production franchise .
Thus , non-competing foodstuffs already registered will not affect eating and purchasing functions .
We retain the rights to all " derivative products " resulting from the use of FOOD PRODUCT , as co-mingled with other products during actual act of consumption ( i.e. COLLECTIVE WORKS ) .
If it should be that the olfactory characteristics of ColdPizza are enhanced in the process of creating said COLLECTIVE WORKS ( for example by the unauthorized addition of ColdBeer and CoolBeans ) , we reserve the right to such olfactory augmentations .
In the event that you should declare bankruptcy , you agree to return FOOD PRODUCT to manufacturer , regardless of current FOOD PRODUCT condition .
By purchasing and / or consuming this and any subsequent products , you agree that ColdPizza may share , disseminate and sell to our partners legally obtained demographic data about you and your pizza eating habits .
ColdPizza is designed to be eaten as is or reheated on top of a computer or laptop running only Genuine Windows operating systems .
Alternatively , ColdPizza may be reheated on top of an XBox360 system , but under such circumstances ColdPizza will not be held responsible for burned FOOD PRODUCT .
ColdPizza may only be eaten by the original owner and may not be shared , either through physical distribution or via services such as ColdPizza Distribution and Delivery League ( CDDL ) .
ColdPizza does not support being heated by placing it on a computer or laptop running either the Mac or a GNU / Linux operating system .
Failure to observer all license terms ( to which we retain the right to change at any time without your consent , approval , or knowledge ) shall result in the immediate termination of your license .
Any such termination will result in the loss of all rights to FOOD PRODUCT and no compensation will be payable .
Except for manufacturing problems , we do not accept any exchange , return or refund .
Through the purchase , delivery , consumption or through the act of opening the container of FOOD PRODUCT you are signifying your agreement to the conditions and stipulations outlined above .
A copy of this agreement is provided on the inside cover of all authorized FOOD PRODUCT containers .
Enjoy your ColdPizza .
© Copyright 2006 Scott Lazar and Pamela Jones .
Raul Castro has long been next in line after his brother
A statement written by the president and read out on TV by his personal secretary said Mr Castro had undergone surgery to halt internal bleeding .
The Cuban leader , who turns 80 this month , said a punishing schedule in recent weeks had affected his health .
This is the first time Mr Castro has relinquished any of his duties since he came to power in 1959 .
Raul Castro , the defence minister , has long been designated as his successor should he become incapacitated .
Cuba has a communist , one - party system .
Stress
In his statement , Fidel Castro said a recent trip to Argentina and last week 's anniversary of the Cuban Revolution had caused him " days and nights of non -stop work " and put him under " extreme stress " .
Resulting intestinal bleeding , he said , meant he needed an operation which would require several weeks of rest .
" Since our country is threatened by the US Government under circumstances such as these , " the statement said , Mr Castro had delegated his functions as president and first secretary of the Communist Party to his brother Raul , who is 75 .
A major celebration had been planned for 13 August - the veteran leader 's 80th birthday - but the event has now been postponed until December .
The BBC's Stephen Gibbs in Havana says the fact that the Cuban leader did not appear in person to read the letter has added to speculation about the gravity of his condition .
HAVE YOUR SAY Like 95 % of Cuban - Americans I am extremely happy about this news
George , New York City , USA
Send us your comments
He says there is no question that something serious is happening , and this may be a major turning point for Cuba .
Handing over the reins of power will be a shock to many Cubans , 70 % of whom have known no other leader , our correspondent says - and the external enemies of Mr Castro will doubtless believe this is the moment for change .
Fidel Castro has been among the world 's longest - ruling leaders - outlasting nine US presidents .
Glee in US
The news prompted scenes of wild celebration on the streets of Miami on Monday night , as thousands of people danced , banged cooking pots and chanted " Cuba , Cuba , Cuba ! "
" There has never been anything that has given the people so much hope , " Armando Tellez , 33 , told the news agency AP .
Others , like Miguel Saavedra , the leader of a conservative Cuban exile group , speculated that Mr Castro had already died .
" Castro is dead ... why is he dead ?
Because the government they give a lot of information to the whole world that Castro passed his power to the brother ... this news now is the best news ... for 48 years , " Mr Saavedra said .
But others were more circumspect , noting that Mr Castro has survived several health scares .
In 2001 , he fainted briefly during a speech .
And in 2004 , TV cameras captured the moment when Mr Castro slipped and fell , breaking his knee and fracturing his arm .
The White House said it was monitoring the situation , but did not wish to speculate on Mr Castro 's health .
" We will continue to work for the day of Cuba 's freedom , " said spokesman Peter Watkins .
zur startseite
zum archiv
Die Geisha
Alles Schlitzaugen
Mit Rob Marshalls Film » Die Geisha « rumpelt der Hollywood - Elefant wieder einmal im asiatischen Porzellanladen
Was war schon groß zu erwarten , wenn der Hollywood - Handwerker Rob Marshall Memoirs of a Geisha verfilmt ?
Bei dieser Lebensgeschichte der legendären Geisha Mineko Iwasaki handelt es sich um gehobene Supermarktlektüre , die sich einen japanischen Historiengrund für ihre melodramatischen Konstruktionen wählt .
Natürlich : Schräg ist das schon , dass die japanischen Frauen von Zhang Ziyi , Gong Li und Michelle Yeoh , also Schauspielerinnen aus China und Malaysia , dargestellt werden .
Wie eine Bestätigung des rassistischen Spruchs : Für mich sehen die Schlitzaugen alle gleich aus .
Ganz nebenbei wurde das Kunststück fertig gebracht , gleich zwei » nationale Empfindlichkeiten « zu beleidigen .
Japanische Kritiker nahmen es übel , dass chinesische Darsteller in einem amerikanischen Film einen ( in der Tat nicht unprekären ) japanischen Frauen - Mythos verkörpern .
Chinesische Kritiker nahmen es übel , dass ein Star des chinesischen Films wie Zhang Ziyi eine Frau des einstigen und irgendwie immer noch » Feindes « verkörperte .
Nun gehört es zu den Konstanten der geschlossenen Weltbilder , die » anderen « durch eigene darstellen zu lassen .
Im klassischen Hollywood - Film wurden Asiaten in der Regel , nein , nicht von Amerikanern , sondern von Europäern gespielt : Der Schwede Warner Oland war der Detektiv Charlie Chan , der Deutsche Peter Lorre war Mr. Moto , der Brite Peter Sellers war der böse - komische Dr. Fu Manchu .
In einer besonders absurden Kombination spielte der Schwede Max von Sydow Ming den Gnadenlosen , den Gegner von Blondschopf Flash Gordon , und die Italienerin Ornella Muti seine Tochter .
Da schien es schon , als bemühte man sich , in den Besetzungscoups zu betonen , dass man nicht » wirklich « Asiaten meinte .
Im Fernsehen stand es noch schlimmer .
David Carradine wurde der Held der TV - Serie Kung Fu , die einst Bruce Lee konzipiert hatte , der aber die Hauptrolle nicht selbst spielen durfte – ein » richtiger « Chinese hätte Zuschauer und Sponsoren verärgert .
Man kennt diesen Rassismus der ikonografischen Unschärfe ; Indianer im Westen waren schließlich auch sehr selten » echte « Indianer ( und schwer zu sagen , ob dies dann nicht doch besser so war ) .
Die Grenze zwischen Gedankenlosigkeit und rassistischer Karikatur jedenfalls blieb immer offen .
Aber das yellow - facing in Hollywood hat auch seine Gegengeschichte .
Es gibt Sehnsucht und Bewunderung in vielen Hollywood - Filmen , es gibt Bearbeitungen der historischen Schuld , es gibt verdrehte Sympathiebekundungen wie Marlon Brandos liebenswertes japanisches Schlitzohr in Das kleine Teehaus .
Und es gibt asiatische Migranten wie den Kameramann James Wong Howe , die auch im alten Hollywood künstlerische Karriere machten .
Mit Wayne Wangs Chan
Is Missing begann das » Asian - American Cinema « Anfang der achtziger Jahre auch bei einer breiteren Öffentlichkeit Zuspruch zu erzielen .
Eine Reihe von Regisseuren , Schauspielern , Produzenten und Kameraleuten mit asiatischem Hintergrund gelangten in die Zentren der Traumfabrik .
Umgekehrt nahm Hollywood Impulse der Neuen Wellen aus Taiwan , Hongkong , Japan und Korea begierig auf .
Quentin Tarantino zeigte in seinen Filmen gern , dass man nicht nur von Formen , sondern auch vom spirit des asiatischen Kinos profitierte .
Regisseure wie Ang Lee oder John Woo wechselten zwischen den Cinematografien ; auch die Remakes asiatischer Erfolge führten nicht immer zu kultureller Aneignung ; nicht zuletzt hat Hollywood in dem Blockbuster The Last Samurai sogar Tom Cruise als in der Heimat traumatisierten Helden in die Fremde geschickt : Der neue Held Amerikas muss im Japan der Jahrhundertwende die Werte und Gesten der Tradition retten , was eine ziemlich bizarre Konstruktion ist .
Aber anders als bei Die Geisha lässt zumindest die glänzende Verpackung hier noch an eine schmeichelhafte transkulturelle Geste denken .
Der Skandal um den Geisha - Film scheint also eher ein unangenehmer Rückschlag .
Und natürlich hat das Missverständnis auch mit einem gewissen Mainstream - Verfahren zu tun .
Das betrifft sowohl den Roman von Arthur Golden als auch den Film von Rob Marshall .
Beide fabrizieren einen melodramatischen Pseudorealismus , der unbeirrt plumpe Gewissheiten über einer
Welt auskippt , die eigentlich nur noch in einer Architektur der Widersprüche zu verstehen wäre .
Die Geisha erzählt ein Märchen - Melodram in japanischen Dekorationen und mit japanisch kostümierten Darstellern .
So etwas hatten wir schon , als Oper , Operette , Roman und Film .
Der Unterschied liegt darin , dass dieses Verfahren nun auf eine auch visuell und erzählerisch globalisierte
Welt trifft .
In der kunstgewerblich ausgemalten Kinoerzählung vom Dienstmädchen Chiyo ( Zhang Ziyi ) , das zum Superstar unter den Geishas wird , sind Klischees und Maskenspiele nicht mehr nach nationaler Willkür zu verwenden , ohne dass sich Widerstand rührte .
Und heutzutage bringt so etwas nicht mehr nur die Gemüter , sondern auch die Märkte in gefährliche Wallungen .
Dabei berührt dieser
Film unterschwellig ein Tabu : Die Erinnerung an die Zwangsprostitution während des Krieges durch die japanische Besatzungsarmee ist durchaus noch nicht aufgearbeitet .
Im Film aber kämpft die Geisha vor allem mit dem Zickenterror ihrer Kolleginnen .
Weder ihre Kleidung noch ihr Tanz noch das sonstige Zeremoniell hat etwas mit dem zu tun , was jeder Besucher einer amerikanischen Kleinstadt - Mediathek wissen kann .
Ergebnis ist eine Fantasie - Geisha , ohne Rücksicht auf die durchaus zwiespältige Geschichte und den kulturellen Code , in dem sie steht .
Im Streit um diesen Film geht es aber letztlich auch um einen polyfonen Fundamentalismus .
Hier wird ein Mythos des Authentischen konstruiert .
Eine Kultur , so der Subtext unter dem Gezeter , kann nur durch sich selbst und in sich selbst beschrieben werden .
Das wäre eine cineastische Art von Political Correctness .
Wollte man sich dieser Kritik anschließen , so würde man freilich gerade diesen nationalistischen , ja vielleicht sogar den Mythos der Rasse bestätigen .
Die politisch korrekten Reaktionen auf Die Geisha sind also durchaus zweischneidig .
Sie rekonstruieren genau den Rassenfetischismus , den es zu überwinden galt .
Und sie treffen auf Kinobilder in Asien selbst , die durchaus ihren eigenen Rassismus pflegen , von den » heroischen « Hindi-Filmen in Indien über die antijapanischen Gräuelbilder im Hongkong - Kino bis zum Stereotyp des Verrückten in japanischen Komödien .
Wer weiß schon noch , dass Jet Li , der mittlerweile auch in den USA zum Actionstar geworden ist , in seiner ersten Regiearbeit ( Born To Defend ) im Jahr 1987 eine Propagandaarbeit ablieferte , die » antiamerikanisch « zu nennen wesentlich zu milde ausgedrückt wäre .
Vielleicht also sollte man die Die Geisha - Diskussion eine Stufe herunterkochen : Hollywood verhält sich einmal mehr , wie wir es gewohnt sind , sobald es um die Darstellung von etwas geht , was nicht der Welt des US - amerikanischen , weißen Kleinbürgers entspricht : wie der Elefant im Porzellanladen .
Georg Seeßlen
Dieser
Text ist zuerst erschienen in : Die Zeit
Zu diesem
Film gibt ’s im archiv der filmzentrale mehrere Texte
Die Geisha
USA 2005 - Originaltitel : Memoirs of a Geisha - Regie : Rob Marshall - Darsteller : Zhang Ziyi , Ken Watanabe , Michelle Yeoh , Koji Yakusho , Youki Kudoh , Kaori Momoi , Tsai Chin , Cary - Hiroyuki Tagawa , Suzuka Ohgo , Gong Li - Länge : 145 min. - Start : 19.1.2006
zur startseite
[ Peter Van Roy ] ( http://www.info.ucl.ac.be/~pvr/) recently claimed
( [ article ] ( http://www.info.ucl.ac.be/people/PVR/flopsPVRarticle.pdf),
[ slides ] ( http://www.info.ucl.ac.be/people/PVR/flopsPVRtalk.pdf)) that
there are signs of a * Definitive Programming Language * emerging that gives
> good solutions at its level of abstraction , allowing computer
> science researchers to move on and work at higher levels .
The argument is based on the observation that * four * languages ,
designed * independently * and for * different purposes * all arrived at
the * same * layered language design of
1. strictly functional language at the core
2. deterministic concurrency ( aka dataflow concurrency )
3. asynchronous message passing
4. global mutable state
The claim is that the odds of this happening at random are the same as
lightning striking in the same place four times and that instead we
should consider this particular language structure as a definitive
design that arises naturally and inevitably .
Unfortunately these claims do not stand up to scrutiny .
There are not four languages .
The languages examined are Erlang , E ,
Oz and , er , Oz .
In other words
Oz is in there twice , once as a
language for network - transparent distributed programming , and once as
a teaching language .
There are not four different purposes .
The stated purposes of the
languages are Fault Tolerant Programming ( Erlang ) , Secure Distributed Programming ( E ) , Network - Transparent Distributed Programming ( Oz ) , Teaching Programming Languages as Unified Discipline ( Oz ) .
It is well - known that the only way to get fault - tolerance is through
redundancy , and that the only way to get redundancy is to have
multiple machines .
This implies distributed programming .
Many of the
language design choices in Erlang are due to it needing to deal with
this , not with fault - tolerance per-se .
Similarly , E from the very
beginning aimed to be a language for * distributed * secure programming ,
and many of its design choices are motivated by needing to deal with
distribution , not security per-se .
Thus both Erlang and E derive many
of their design decisions from the feature that has been the main
driver for Oz – distributed programming .
The languages were not designed independently .
It may be true that the language designs were carried out independently from * each
other * .
However , there was a large body of previous research in the
area of distributed programming , which heavily influenced the design
of all the languages .
The languages do not have the same four layers .
Erlang and E are missing layer 2 and 4
respectively , and E has a completely different layer 1 than claimed –
its core language is imperative , not functional , and E ’s functions are
in fact just sugar for objects .
The only layer that is common to all three is message passing .
Given
that we have identified distributed programming as * the* guiding
design objective of all languages that is hardly surprising since
message passing is * the* fundamental mechanism by which distributed
systems communicate .
So we really have * three languages * , designed with the help of a large
* common body of research * , for the same * single purpose * , arriving at
the same * single layer * of abstraction for that purpose .
There is no
statistical significance in that .
Even if the statistics were right , the idea of judging the fitness of
programming language design on the basis of such statistics is
fundamentally flawed .
The known design space is n’t all that large so
the chances of several languages independently making similar design
choices is quite high .
Language design follows trends .
It is not at all uncommon to see several languages make similar design decisions which ultimately turn out to be wrong .
For example there are a whole bunch of
languages with an imperative core , threads & locks , rpc , centralised
or replicated transactional store .
That does n’t make it any more
likely that this particular design is correct .
Despite all that the conclusions of the paper still have some
merit .
The proposed four layers are indeed a pretty good design for a
distributed programming language .
However they are by no means the
* only * sensible design .
For example , actors and process algebras have
concurrency and distribution at their heart and arguably span all of
the proposed four layers with a minimum set of non-layered language
constructs .
I am also becoming increasingly convinced that
transactions will turn out to be an essential , fundamental
feature .
Overall there is still a lot of research to be done and we
are nowhere near a definitive language yet .
BBB （トリプルビー）で、カラダの内側からキレイに痩せて、誰にでも自慢できる理想のスタイルを手に入れませんか？
BBB （トリプルビー）とは？ BBB （トリプルビー）は、カリスマトレーナーのAYA さん監修のダイエットサプリです。 太ってしまう原因は、筋肉量が足りないことによる代謝不足！ しかし 、BBB（トリプルビー）を飲めば、ムキムキではなく、女性らしい筋肉をつけることができます！ その結果、女性らしいキレイなスタイルになりつつ、健康的にどんどん痩せることができます♪ 中村アンを始め、黒木メイサ、西内まりや、土屋太鳳など、多くのモデルや芸能人が愛用中！ ブルーベリー味で美味しく、水なしでもそのまま飲める飲みやすさも魅力です！
「 飲むだけで本当に痩せた！ 」
「 ぽっこりお腹がペタンコになった♪ 」
「 自分に自信を持てた！ 」
と絶賛の声が多数！！ 今なら、特典とし て「 AYA直伝トレーニン グDVD（非売品）」をゲットできる！ BBB（トリプルビー）なら、ただ飲むだけで、誰にでも自慢できる理想のスタイルを手に入れることができますよ♪
BBB（トリプルビー）を最安値( 無料・送料500円のみ) で購入する
料金無料&特典がすごい！人気すぎて売り切れ注意！！
BBB （トリプルビー）は 好きな時に飲むだけ！ あとは、いつもの生活をするだけでダイエット効果を実感できますよ！ 解説
「 飲むだけ 」 というのが カンタンで嬉しい ですね ♪
購入するな ら ” 最安値 ” で！ 解説 【注意】 他のサイトでは 、BBB（トリプルビー）を ８ ,640 円 という 定価そのままの金額 で売っていることが多いので注意してください！！！ BBB （トリプルビー）を最安値( 無料・送 料500円のみ ) で購入する せっか くBBB（トリプルビー）を購入するなら最安値で♪
リピート率は驚異の９４.３％！飲んでいる人の口コミは？
BBB （トリプルビー）は関西コレクションで紹介！SNSでも話題沸騰中！
他のサプリメントじゃダメなの？
なぜ私たちは太るの ？
同じように生活していても、 痩せている人と太っている人 がいますよね？ 特に食事制限をしている人に多いのですが、 筋肉量の違い で 太りやすいカラダ になってしまいます。 解説 筋肉量をそのままにしておくと、ちょっとしたことで、どんどん太ってしまうので注意です！！ ＞＞詳しくはこち ら
飲むだけで痩せる♪BBB（トリプルビー）のダイエット効果がすごい!!
BBB （トリプルビー）は有名雑誌にも掲載！テレビCMも放送中♪
解説 話題の 美容雑誌にも掲載 されています！ 解説 AYA さ んプロデュースのダイエットサプリとして テレ ビCM も放送されています！ ＞＞詳しくはこち ら
飲み方はとってもカンタン！（いつでもどこでも飲める♪）
BBB （トリプルビー）のよくある質問
BBB （トリプルビー）に寄せられる よくある質問 をまとめました！ 解説 BBB（トリプルビー）の 支払い方法 は、 クレジットカード だけでなく、 後払いも可能 です♪ 解説 ＞＞詳しくはこち ら
どこで買うのがお得なの？
Amazon Amazon 現在取り扱いなし 現在取り扱いなし 楽天市場 楽天市場 現在取り扱いなし 現在取り扱いなし 店舗 店舗 現在取り扱いなし 現在取り扱いなし 公式サイト 公式サイト 無料（送 料500円のみ ）
［注意 ］Amazonや楽天では、まれにフリマなどからの出品もあるようです。しかし、出品者が不明であるため、賞味期限が切れていたり、やり取りや梱包などでトラブルが見られるので、正直おすすめできません！
今なら公式限定キャンペーン中で、なんと超お得の９４％割引！！
解説 BBB ( トリプルビー ) なら 飲むだけでキレイに痩せて、理想の体型をゲットできる！
BBB ( トリプルビー ) が今だけ激安 ！
最安値のお試し価格はこちら！
↑ あなたの悩み、これで解決 ♪
BBB ( トリプルビー )で、カラダの内側からキレイに痩せて、誰にでも自慢できる理想のスタイルを手に入れませんか？♡
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の公式サイトはこちら
→https://orkis.jp/shop/bbb.html
BBB ( トリプルビー ) を使いはじめた理由・きっかけ
はじめに、私 がBBB ( トリプルビー)を使いはじめた理由やきっかけを自己紹介と合わせてご紹介します。
自己紹介
今の私には 、 「 一生結婚できない 」 か「痩せてきれいになる」の選択肢しかありません。
ただ単に、出会いがないから…という理由ならここまで悩まないのですが、男性にせっかく出会っても「太っている」という理由で好きになってもらえないのです。
こうなると、もう手段は痩せるしかありません。
しかし、ダイエット目的でジムに通いだしてしばらく経つのに、一向に痩せる気配がないので困り果てました。
ジムに通えばみんな痩せるんじゃないの？芸能人ってみんなジムに通ってるよね？！
そんな憤りを感じては、モチベーションが下がる毎日。
別にムキムキになりたいわけじゃないし、もともと運動が苦手なのに「痩せたい！」の一心で頑張ってジムに通っているのに…なんだか馬鹿らしくなってきました。
さすがに心が限界を迎えそうなので、ダイエット対策として何か効果があるものはないか本気で探してみることを決意！
ダイエットサプリメントは今までも飲んだことはあるし、今現在も肌荒れ対策としてサプリメントを飲んでいるのでこれ以上増やしたくない…。
かといって、ジムも通っているので運動不足なわけでもない。
こうなると 、 「私を救ってくれる方法は何もなさそう…」とまたもや心が折れそうになりましたが、ここで諦めたら何も変わらない！と、自分を奮い立たせて必死に方法を探すことにしました。
BBB ( トリプルビー ) との出会 い
そんな絶望の淵に立たされている時に「 BBB( トリプルビー ) 」に出会いました。
ネットで、程よい筋肉を付けながら美しい体が手に入る！という広告を目にしたのです。
しかも、今メディアに引っ張りだこの人気パーソナルトレーナーAYAさんが監修しているというので更に興味が湧きました。
詳しく見てみると、まさに私が求めているボディメイク方法だったことがBBB(トリプルビー)を使いはじめるきっかけとなったのです。
な ぜBBB ( トリプルビー ) を購入したの ？
私が 、BBB( トリプルビー) を購入する決め手となったのは、以下の6つの理由です。
初回無料というコスパの良さ
運動と併用することで、美ボディを手に入れられる
国産原料を使い、GMP認定工場で製造されているので安全
美容効果のある成分も配合されている
人気トレーナ ーAYA さんが監修している
良い口コミが多かった
BBB ( トリプルビー ) を最安値で購入す る
もくじに戻る ▲
BBB ( トリプルビー ) を実際に飲んでみた体験談・レビュー
BBB ( トリプルビー ) を実際に飲んでみたので、体験談・レビューにまとめました。
私は、35歳を目前に控え「痩せない」という女性最大の悩みを抱えていたので、ダイエット効果を期待して、BBB(トリプルビー)を飲み始めました。
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の体験談：翌日の変化
まず 、BBB ( トリプルビー ) を体験して翌日の変化です。
今までプロテインのような、筋肉を付けたい人が飲むようなサプリメントは飲んだことが無かったので少し不安でした。
でも 、BBB( トリプルビー ) は一般的なサプリメントとは違い、ブルーベリー風味のさわやかな味とニオイなのでとっても飲みやすい！！
筋肉にアプローチしてくれるプロテインやサプリメントは、独特な味やニオイがして飲みにくいという人も多いと聞いていたので心配でしたが、問題なく飲むことができて安心しました♪
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の体験談：3日後の変化
次に 、BBB( トリプルビー ) を体験して3日後の変化です。
「 効果が高い」と口コミなどの評判を聞いていたので、強い成分が含まれていたりするのかな…と思っていました。
勝手な考えですが、効果があるものって反動がありそうというか…。
だから、副作用が心配だったんですが3日間欠かさず飲み続けている今も、全く副作用のような症状は出ていません！
これなら安心してずっと飲み続けられそう♪
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の体験談：1週間後の変化
次に 、BBB( トリプルビー ) を体験して1週間後の変化です。
まださすがに痩せたり、筋肉がついたりという大きな変化はありません。
「 本当に痩せるのかな…」という不安はありますが、最近トレーニング後や仕事後でも前よりも疲れにくくなったように感じます！
今までだったら、 「 早く帰りたい…」と思っていたんですが、「もう少しだけトレーニングしていこうかな」とすら思えるように。
これはもしかしたら 、BBB ( トリプルビー ) の効果かも？ ！
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の体験談：2週間後の変化
次に 、BBB( トリプルビー ) を体験して2週間後の変化です。
最近、トレーニングに対する感じ方が今までと違います！
今までは、意味あるのかな～と思いながら惰性でジムに通っていた感じでしたが、最近は色んなトレーニングに対する身体の動きやキレが良く感じます。
「 あ、これ効いてるな」と自分で思えるというか…。
だからこそ、トレーニングに対するモチベーションも上がってもっと頑張れるし、前向きにダイエットに取りくめている感じがとっても気持ちいい！
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の体験談：1ヶ月後の変化
次に 、BBB( トリプルビー ) を体験して1か月後の変化です。
少しずつですが体重が落ち始めてきました！
とはいえ、この程度の体重減少なら今までも経験があるので油断は禁物。
他に感じた効果といえば、肌がキレイになってきたこと。
いままで吹き出物が多く、肌にハリやツヤがなかったので美肌サプリメントを飲んでいました。
でも今では、ジム仲間に 「肌きれいだよね」といわれることが増えました！
ジム仲間の中には 「 運動しているだけでは肌はきれいにならない」と悩んでいる人もいたので、こっそりBBB(トリプルビー)のことを教えてあげました♪
ジム以外に 、BBB ( トリプルビー)も飲んでいるから肌きれいなんだね～と納得していましたよ(笑)
BBB ( トリプルビー )さえあれば、今まで飲んでいた美容サプリメントはいらないので節約にもなり、とても得した気分です♪
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の体験談：3ヶ月後の変化
次に 、BBB( トリプルビー ) を体験して3か月後の変化です。
ついに、私のだらしなかった身体に筋肉がついてきました♪
特に実感するのはおなか周りと脚ですね！
前に比べて明らかに、筋肉がついたのが目に見えてわかります。
別 に6つに腹筋が割れているわけではありませんが、そこまでを求めている訳ではないので…(笑)
洋服をキレイに着ることができたり、痩せて見えればOKと思って始めたダイエットなので、これだけ引き締まるだけでもかなり嬉しい！
やっぱり、ただ単に食事制限をして体重を落としたりするよりも「運動」と「栄養管理」をしっかりして痩せた身体の方がボディラインはきれい。
こんなに苦じゃなくきれいに痩せられるなら、もっと早くから始めればよかった…！
BBB ( トリプルビー ) は、そう思わせてくれる最高のサプリメントです♪
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の体験談：半年後の変化
最後に 、BBB ( トリプルビー ) を体験して半年後の変化です。
結果的に、今現 在「10キロ」のダイエットに成功しました！！
10キロ体重が違う人生は、まるで別世界。
見た目は全く違うのはもちろん、出会いの場に行っても声をかけてもらえるようになりました。
しかも、自分に自信がついたおかげで男性と関わることに対してネガティブな気持ちがなくなりました。
それだけで明るく毎日が過ごせるし、きっと素敵な縁に巡り合える気がして、結婚に対しても後ろ向きな気持ちはなくなりました♪
10キロ減量した今も、トレーニングで身に着けた筋肉は落ちることなく維持できているのですが、これぞまさにBBB(トリプルビー)パワー ( 笑)
特別きついトレーニングをしたり、食事制限をしたわけでもないのにこんなにきれいな身体を手に入れることができるなんて「BBB(トリプルビー)」には感謝しかありません！！
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の体験談：まと め
BBB ( トリプルビー ) を体験して感じたことのまとめとしては、私のようになかなか痩せなくて悩んでいる人に「BBB(トリプルビー)」はとてもおすすめだということです。
飲みやすさや身体に優しいことは基本ベースとして「筋肉増強」や「筋肉の維持」、「瞬発力のUP」などトレーニングの効果をUPさせてくれる成分がたくさん含まれているのが特徴です。
他にも、 「 疲労回復 」 や「美容効果」などの筋肉への直接のアプローチ以外にも身体に良い効果が多く手に入れられるのも嬉しいですよね。
BBB ( トリプルビー )は、トレーニングをしてもなかなか痩せない…女性らしい体作りが難しい…と悩んでいる女性の皆さんにこそおすすめしたい最高のサプリメントでした♪
BBB ( トリプルビー ) を最安値で購入す る
もくじに戻る ▲
BBB ( トリプルビー ) を実際に使ってみた評価（５項目で徹底解析！）
ここでは 、BBB ( トリプルビー ) の評価をまとめました。
実際に試した人の意見を参考に、BBB(トリプルビー)の効果、価格、配合成分、味、安全性など、総合的に見て評価しています。
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の評価：効果★★★★★★
サプリメントで効率よく筋肉をつけられるなんて嘘でしょ…と思っていませんか？
BBB ( トリプルビー )は、筋トレをしながら飲むだけで理想的なボディを手に入れられると話題のサプリメントです！
中村アンさん・黒木メイサさん・西内まりやさん・土屋太鳳さんなど、多くの著名人のパーソナルトレーナーを務めるAYAさんが監修しているとのことで人気に火が付いたBBB(トリプルビー ) 。
BBB ( トリプルビー ) は筋肉を増やし、さらに維持する効果もある「HMB」を主成分とした女性向けのサプリメントです。
男性とは筋肉量や脂肪量が異なる「女性」に向けた成分を配合しているため、普通のHMBサプリメントやプロテインよりも高い効果を得ることができるのが特徴なんですよ。
BBB ( トリプルビー ) に含まれる成分によって、筋肉維持の他にも「ダイエット効果」「美容効果 」
「疲労回復」など、女性の身体に嬉しい効果をたくさん与えてくれるのも人気が高い要因です。
HMBと聞くと筋肉がUPした逞しいボディメイクを想像してしまいますが、筋力の維持を目的としているBBB(トリプルビー)なら女性らしい美ボディを手に入れることができますよ♪
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の評価：コスパ（価格・値段）★★★★★★
人気の高いサプリメントって、価格が高いものが多く気軽に始められないイメージがありませんか？
BBB ( トリプルビー )は、初回は実質無料で使いはじめることができるので口コミでも非常に評判が良いサプリメントです！
BBB ( トリプルビー ) は、公式サイトでお得な定期コースを申し込むと初回限定で本体価格が無料（送料500円）で購入することができるのです。
通常価格は8,640円なので、実質無料なんて夢のようですよね！
さらに、初回限定 でAYAさん直伝の 「 トレーニン グDVD (非売品 ) 」もついてくるので、より早く効果を実感できます♪
しかも2回目以降も、6.480円と25％OFFで購入することができるので、楽天やAmazonなどの通販サイトで購入するよりも断然お得。
効果が高いと評価が高 いBBB ( トリプルビー)は、コスパも抜群だからこそ人気が爆発しているんですね！
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の評価：配合成分★★★★★★
効果が高いサプリメントと聞くと、どんな成分が入っているのか気になりますよね？
BBB ( トリプルビー )は、食事だけでは摂りきれない成分を効率よく摂取できるダイエットサプリメントです！
まず 、BBB ( トリプルビー ) の主成分であ る「 HMB 」は、筋肉増強・維持に高い効果を発揮します。
さら にBBB( トリプルビー ) には「 クレアチン」という、瞬発力UPに役立つ成分も含まれており、HMBと合わせてトレーニングのパフォーマンスを上げる作用があるため筋力UPに効果があります
他にも、美容効果が高いと有名な 「 イソフラボン 」 や「 ビタミン」も配合。
イソフラボンやビタミンは、肌の潤いをUPするなど若々しい肌を作る効果があるため、BBB(トリプルビー)を飲みながら美肌も手に入れることができるんです♪
しかも、 「 コエンザイ ムQ10 」 や「葉酸」といった体調を整えてくれる成分もしっかりと配合されているので、トレーニング後の疲労回復にも効果抜群。
これらの成分は、熱に弱いものや加齢に伴い減少してしまうものも多いためサプリメントで摂取するのがおすすめ！
BBB ( トリプルビー ) さえあれば、他のサプリメントは飲まなくても良いくらいの成分配合量ですね。
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の評価：味・ニオイ( 匂い・臭い)★★★★★★
BBB ( トリプルビー ) は、女性でも飲みやすいおいしいサプリメントだと口コミで評判になっています！
筋肉増強サプリメントと聞くと、プロテインのような独特の味やニオイがするイメージがありませんか？
BBB ( トリプルビー ) なら、ブルーベリー風味なので気になるニオイもなくとても飲みやすいんです♪
しかも顆粒タイプなので、水なしでもするっと飲めるのが特徴。
サプリメント自体も1つ1つ個包装になっているので持ち運びしやすく、いつでもどこでもシーンに合わせて気軽に飲むことができるのは嬉しいですね。
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の評価：安全性★★★★★☆
いくら効果が高くても、安全じゃないサプリメントは飲みたくないですよね？
BBB ( トリプルビー )は、原材料から製造まで厳しい基準のもとで作られているので安心して飲むことができます！
BBB ( トリプルビー ) は、GMP認定工場で生産されているのはもちろん、純国産の原料を使用して作られているという徹底ぶり。
そのため、副作用の心配もなく「 妊婦さん 」 や「授乳中」の方の栄養補給としても飲めるくらい安全性が高いので信頼できるサプリメントなんですよ♪
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の総合評価★★★★★★
BBB ( トリプルビー ) は、クロスフィットトレーナーのAYAさんが監修した今人気のサプリメントです。
BBB ( トリプルビー ) にはHMBをはじめとしたボディメイクに欠かせない成分がたくさん含まれており、女性に嬉しい効果を持つ成分も高配合。
ただ単に、筋肉をつけてダイエットするだけではなく、筋肉を維持することできれいな引き締まった身体をキープすることができると注目を集めています。
初回無料という圧倒的なコストパフォーマンスも、BBB(トリプルビー)ならでは！
なかなか始めるきっかけがつかめないダイエットやサプリメントも、BBB(トリプルビー)なら毎日の生活に気軽に取り入れることができますね。
味や安全性もユーザーの方から絶大な支持を集めており、安心して飲むことができると口コミ人気も高いサプリメントとなっています♪
筋トレだけでは、なかなか痩せない！と悩んでいる方にBBB(トリプルビー)はとてもおすすめのサプリメントです。
BBB ( トリプルビー ) を最安値で購入す る
もくじに戻る ▲
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の口コミ・評判は？
ここでは 、BBB ( トリプルビー ) の口コミや評判を紹介していきます。
実際 にBBB(トリプルビー)を試してみた方達の意見なので、参考になりますよ！
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の悪い口コミ・評判は？
まずは 、BBB( トリプルビー ) の悪い口コミ・評判から紹介していきたいと思います！
口コ ミ( 女性 ) ［ BBB ( トリプルビー ) 悪い口コミ］すぐには効かないですね（女性・50代）
簡単にダイエットができると聞いてトリプルビーを買いましたが、すぐには効かないですね。
ぽっこりお腹も太ももも、痩せているような感じはありません。
1か月飲んだぐらいじゃ効果はないのでしょうか？
口コ ミ( 女性 ) ［ BBB ( トリプルビー ) 悪い口コミ］もう少し安いと続けやすいかな（女性・20代）
最初トリプルビーを買った時は良かったんですけど、続けていくうちに金銭的に厳しくなりました。
もう少し安いと続けやすいかな。
口コ ミ( 女性 ) ［ BBB ( トリプルビー ) 悪い口コミ］なかなか痩せません（女性・40代）
トリプルビーを飲んでいますが、なかなか痩せません。
確かに毎日きっちり飲み続けていない私が悪いとは思うのですが、もっと一気に痩せるものなのかなと思っていました。
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の良い口コミ・評判は？
続いて 、BBB( トリプルビー ) の良い口コミ・評判を紹介していきたいと思います！
口コ ミ( 女性 ) ［ BBB ( トリプルビー ) 良い口コミ］実質タダ！（女性・30代）
トリプルビーの初回分は、実質タダ！ 定期便なら送料の500円を払うだけで1か月分使えるんだから、かなりコスパ良いですよ！
継続するにしても割引があってオトクなので、デイリー使いしやすくておすすめです！
口コ ミ( 女性 ) ［ BBB ( トリプルビー ) 良い口コミ］ボディメイキングに最適！（女性・20代）
トリプルビーを飲むようになってから、無駄な脂肪がすっきり落ちたんです！
くびれもできたし、ボディメイキングに最適！
今年はトリプルビーのおかげでお正月太りに悩むことがなかったです。
口コ ミ( 女性 ) ［ BBB ( トリプルビー ) 良い口コミ］リバウンドしない！（女性・40代）
筋肉を落とさず脂肪を落としてくれるので、リバウンドしなくて安心感があります。
今までどんなダイエットも失敗続きだった私でも、ちゃんとダイエット成功中！
体型維持するためにも、今後もトリプルビーは手離せないですね。
口コ ミ( 女性 ) ［ BBB ( トリプルビー ) 良い口コミ］運動が苦手でも大丈夫です（女性・60代）
運動が苦手な私でも、トリプルビーを飲むことで太ることはありません。
歳をとると新陳代謝が低下してしまうことをずっと恐れていたのですが、すべてトリプルビーのおかげです！
ストレスもまったくないので、ずっと続けられますね。
口コ ミ( 女性 ) ［ BBB ( トリプルビー ) 良い口コミ］いつでも飲めるから使いやすい！（女性・30代）
トリプルビーは水なしでいつでもどこでも飲めるから、いつもバッグに忍ばせています。
しかもブルーベリー味ですごく美味しい！
今までのサプリメントって匂いがあったり飲みにくかったりしたのですが、トリプルビーはおやつ感覚で飲めるからオススメです！
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の口コミ・評判まとめ
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の口コミや評判を紹介しましたが、全体的に良い口コミがとても多かったです！
無理なくダイエットができること、値段が安くてコスパが良いこと、飲みやすいこと…
食事制限をするわけではないので、ストレスを感じることがないんです！
もちろん、ダイエットは短期間で効果が出るものではありません。
飲み忘れてしまったり、継続をしないことには、十分なダイエット効果を実感することができないんです。
少数意見の悪い口コミは、即効性を求めている方なのかもしれないですね。
ただ全体的には 、BBB ( トリプルビー ) に満足している方がほとんどでした！
さすが話題のクロスフィットトレーナーAYA先生監修のサプリメントですね。
BBB ( トリプルビー ) を最安値で購入す る
もくじに戻る ▲
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の最安値は？楽天・アマゾン( Amazon ) ・公式サイト？
BBB ( トリプルビー ) を購入するにあたって、1番安いのはどこのサイトなのかを調べてみました。
楽天やアマゾ ン( Amazon ) 、公式サイトなど、たくさんの通販サイトを対象にしています。
楽天 12,960 円（税込） Amazon 9,300 円（税込） Yahoo!ショッピング 7,580円（税込） Wowma 取り扱いなし アットコスメ 取り扱いなし ポンパレモール 取り扱いなし 公式サイト 商品は無料で、送 料500円の み
［ BBB ( トリプルビー ) 最安値］楽天市場での販売価格は？
まずは楽天市場で 、BBB ( トリプルビー ) の販売価格を調べてみました。
すると楽天市場で のBBB ( トリプルビー ) の最安値は、12,960円（税込）でした。
送料無料ですが、オトクな割引はありません。
［ BBB ( トリプルビー ) 最安値］アマゾ ン( Amazon ) での販売価格は ？
次はアマゾ ン( Amazon ) で、BBB ( トリプルビー ) の販売価格を調べてみました。
するとアマゾ ン( Amazon ) でのBBB ( トリプルビー ) の最安値は、9,300円（税込）でした。
送料無料ですが、こちらもオトクな割引はありません。
［ BBB ( トリプルビー ) 最安値 ］Yahoo!ショッピングでの販売価格は？
次はYahoo！ショッピングで 、BBB ( トリプルビー ) の販売価格を調べてみました。
する とYahoo！ショッピングで のBBB ( トリプルビー ) の最安値は、7,580円（税込）でした。
通常価格より少し安いですし、送料無料です。
［ BBB ( トリプルビー ) 最安値 ］Wowma( 旧DeNA ショッピング ) での販売価格は ？
次はWowma( 旧DeNAショッピング ) で、BBB ( トリプルビー ) の販売価格を調べてみました。
しかし残念ながら 、Wowma( 旧DeNAショッピング ) ではBBB ( トリプルビー ) の取り扱いはありませんでした。
［ BBB ( トリプルビー ) 最安値］アットコスメでの販売価格は？
次はアットコスメで 、BBB ( トリプルビー ) の販売価格を調べてみました。
しかし残念ながら、アットコスメでもBBB(トリプルビー)の取り扱いはありませんでした。
［ BBB ( トリプルビー ) 最安値］ポンパレモールでの販売価格は？
次はボンパレモールで 、BBB ( トリプルビー ) の販売価格を調べてみました。
しかし残念ながら、ボンパレモールでもBBB(トリプルビー)の取り扱いはありませんでした。
［ BBB ( トリプルビー ) 最安値］公式通販サイトでの販売価格は？
最後に公式通販サイトで 、BBB ( トリプルビー ) の販売価格を調べてみました。
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の通常価格は8,640円（税込）となっていますが、もっと安く購入する方法があることが分かりました。
トクトクモニターコース（定期便）を使えば、初回はBBB(トリプルビー)の商品代はなんと無料！！
送料の500円のみで、1か月たっぷりお試しすることができるんです。
2回目以降もどのサイトよりも安い6,480円（税込）で購入することができて、かなりオトク！
初めて購入する方には20日間の返金保証もついているから、まずはお試ししてみたいという方にもピッタリなシステムなんです。
しかも今なら特典として、 「 毎月変わ るAYA トレDVD 」と、「 DVD ボックス」（初回のみ）がプレゼント！
最安値なだけではなくプレゼントもたくさんでオトクですし、アフターサポートもあるので安心できますよね。
BBB ( トリプルビー ) を購入するなら、公式通販サイトのトクトクモニターコースが1番オススメなんです！
BBB ( トリプルビー ) を最安値で購入す る
もくじに戻る ▲
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の定期コースの解約・キャンセル方法は？
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の定期コースの解約・キャンセル方法を紹介します。
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の定期コースは、4回の継続が条件となっています。
脂肪燃焼は短期間では充分な成果を実感することができないので、この期間を設定しているんだそうです。
せっか くBBB( トリプルビー)を使うからこそ、どうせならしっかりダイエット効果を実感してみたいですよね。
も し4回継続した後に解約・キャンセルしたい場合は、いつでも解約することができます。
その場合は、次回商品が発送される7日前までに解約手続きをすませておきましょう。
ちなみに解約手続きは電話でのみ行うことができます。
電話といっても必要最低限のことしか聞かれませんし、オペレーターの方の対応も優しいので安心して下さいね！
お問い合わせ方法（連絡先：電話番号・メールアドレス）
BBB ( トリプルビー )の定期コースを解約・キャンセルしたい場合は、下記のお客様センターに問い合わせて下さい。
orkis（オルキス）お客様センター
フリーダイヤ ル 0120-69-4976
※平日の10時～18時までが受付時間となっているので注意！
BBB ( トリプルビー ) を最安値で購入す る
もくじに戻る ▲
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の効果・効能は ？
ここからは 、BBB ( トリプルビー)の効果や効能について詳しく紹介していきたいと思います。
BBB ( トリプルビー ) を使うだけで、こんなにもたくさんの効果があるんですよ！
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の効果：筋肉増 強
BBB ( トリプルビー ) には、筋肉増強効果があります。
筋肉をつくるためのタンパク質であるHMBがたっぷり配合されているので、筋肉を効率的に増やすことが可能になりました。
ダイエットと聞くと食事制限のイメージが非常に強いですが、実はこれは非常に危険なこと。
充分な栄養を摂取しないことで筋肉量は減ってしまい、脂肪を燃焼しにくくなってしまうのです。
つまりダイエットに必要なのは食事制限ではなく、筋肉量を増やすこと！
筋肉があるだけで消費するカロリー量は増えるので、ダルダルの体ではなく、無駄のないボディメイキングが実現するんです。
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の効果：筋肉維 持
BBB ( トリプルビー ) には、筋肉維持効果があります。
せっかく筋肉をつくりあげても、女性はホルモンの関係上、筋力を維持しづらいといった弱点があります。
少し運動をしなくなったり、年齢を重ねていくうちにあっという間に筋肉は衰えてしまうんです。
筋肉量が少なくなることで、消費できるカロリー量も必然と減ってしまい、その結果太りやすくなってしまうといったデメリットも…！
しか しBBB( トリプルビー)の配合成分なら、そんな筋肉を維持することができるんです！
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の効果：疲労回 復
BBB ( トリプルビー ) には、疲労回復効果があります。
運動や筋トレ、仕事など、日々の生活には疲れることがたくさんありますよね。
BBB ( トリプルビー )に配合されているクレアチンやクエン酸は、そんな疲れた体のぐったり感をなくしてくれる作用があるんです！
ハツラツとした生活のためにも、画期的ですよね。
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の効果：まと め
BBB ( トリプルビー )には筋肉を増やしながら筋肉量を維持することで、必然的にダイエット効果があることが分かりました！
体内に溜めこんでしまった脂肪を燃焼して、次第に脂肪を溜め込まない体づくりのサポートをしてくれるんです。
なので、ダイエットのリバウンドの心配もありません！
脂肪や無駄のない、キレイなボディメイキングが実現するんです！
ま たBBB ( トリプルビー ) には疲労回復効果もあるので、忙しい方にもピッタリなんですよ。
体力が低下していたり、なんだか最近しんどいな…と感じる方も、是非BBB(トリプルビー)を試してみることをおすすめします！
BBB ( トリプルビー ) を最安値で購入す る
もくじに戻る ▲
BBB ( トリプルビー ) のお試しモニターキャンペーンとは？
ここでは 、BBB ( トリプルビー)のお試しモニターキャンペーンを紹介します！
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の通常価格は8,640円（税込）と少しお高い値段設定となっていますが、実はかなりオトクに購入することができるんですよ。
方法はとても簡単で、公式通販サイトのトクトクモニターコース（定期便）に申し込むだけ！
トクトクモニターコースなら、初回はBBB(トリプルビー)の商品代はまさかの無料なんです！
必要なのは、送料としての500円だけ。
ワンコインで約1か月分の30包を利用することができるので、かなりオトクですよね。
しかも特典として 、「 AYA ト レDVD 」や、「 DVD ボックス」までプレゼントで貰えちゃうんです。
トクトクモニターコースを始めて利用する方には20日間の返金保証もついているので、もしものことがあっても安心なとこが魅力的！
ただこのおトクなトクトクモニターコースは数量限定となっているので、気になった方は早めに申し込んでおくことをおすすめします。
BBB ( トリプルビー ) を最安値で購入す る
もくじに戻る ▲
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の基本情報・価格・特徴・有効成分
ここから はBBB ( トリプルビー)の基本情報として、価格や特徴、有効成分について紹介していきたいと思います！
BBB ( トリプルビー ) とは？
BBB ( トリプルビー ) とは、クロスフィットトレーナーのAYA先生監修のサプリメントです。
AYA 先生の生徒には有名な女優さんやモデルさんも多くいるということで、その美ボディづくりには大きな注目を浴びているんです。
そん なAYA先生が監修し たBBB ( トリプルビー)は、強力なダイエットサポートになると大好評！
プロテインで摂取するよりもHMBが効率的に摂取できるようになっているので、筋肉を増やしたり、増やした筋肉量を減らしてしまうリスクがないんです。
最近のダイエットは、食事制限をするよりも健康的に美しく痩せる傾向が注目されていますよね。
BBB ( トリプルビー ) は、まさにその鏡となるようなサプリメント！
筋肉量を増やすことで脂肪を燃焼させやすいベースをつくり、リバウンドをすることのない体をつくっていけるんです。
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の商品紹介（価格、成分、安全性）
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の価格や成分、安全性についての情報を表にまとめてみました。
商品名 BBB ( トリプルビー ) お試し価格 商品代無料＋送 料500円 定期コース有無 あり 返金保証 20 日間の返金保証あり 効果 筋肉増強効果、筋肉維持効果、ダイエット効果 配合成分 HMB 、クレアチン、ブラックジンジャー 使いやすさ 非常に良い★★★★★ 信頼性 非常に良い★★★★★ 内容量 30 包 用法・用 量
1日 に1包をそのまま飲むか、水かぬるま湯で飲みましょう 総合評価 非常に良い★★★★★
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の会社・販売メーカーとは？
BBB ( トリプルビー ) を販売している 「アスクレピオス製薬株式会社」を紹介しますね。
会社名 アスクレピオス製薬株式会社 所在地 東京都渋谷区渋谷3 丁 目1番6 号 HP http://asklepios.co.jp/ 会社概要 医薬品・医薬部外品、健康食品や化粧品の研究・開発・販売を行っています
信用性 ★★★★ ★
アスクレピオス製薬株式会社は、医薬品や医薬部外品、健康食品、化粧品など、日々にサポートをするための商品を研究・開発している会社です。
「 世界を健康に」をモットーに、健康であることはすべての前進につながるという思いを込めて商品づくりを行っています。
ちなみにアスクレピオス製薬株式会社という会社名は、ギリシャ神話の医術神であるアスクレーピオスからとっています。
医療技術の象徴であるアスクレーピオスの意思を継ぐべく、アスクレピオス製薬株式会社は世界のすべての方の健康のサポートを行っているんです。
BBB ( トリプルビー ) を最安値で購入す る
もくじに戻る ▲
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の成分は ？
ここでは 、BBB ( トリプルビー)の成分を詳しく解説・紹介していきたいと思います！
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の全成分・原材料(原料 )
まずは 、BBB( トリプルビー)の全成分や原材料（原料）からチェックしていきましょう！
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の全成分や原材料（原料）は、以下の通りです。
全成分 クレアチンモノハイドレート，HMBカルシウム，コエンザイムQ10，aリボ酸，L-カルニチンフマル酸塩，L-オルニチン塩酸塩，大豆抽出物(イソブラボン含有)，黒胡椒抽出物，イナゴマメ抽出物，デキストリン，チキンエキス，ブラックジンジャー抽出物/トレハロース，ビタミンC，クエン酸，香料，甘味料(アスパルテール、L-フェニルアラニン化合物)，L-ロイシン，L-バリン，L-イソロイシン，L-リジン塩酸塩，L-メチオニン，L-フェニルアラニン，L-トレオニン，L-ヒスチジン，L-トリトファン，ビタミンB2，ビタミンB1，ビタミンD，L-アルギニン，葉酸，シクロデキストリン，ビタミンE，ナイアシン，パントテン酸カルシウム，ビタミンA，ビタミン12
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の有効成 分
続いて 、BBB ( トリプルビー ) の有効成分をチェックしてみましょう！
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の成分：HMB
BBB ( トリプルビー ) には、HMBが配合されています。
HMBはアミノ酸であるロイシンが代謝される特に生成される成分であり、筋肉をつくり、増やす効果があります。
一般的にはプロテインを飲むことでHMBを摂取するのが主流となっていますが、実はそれはすごく効率が悪いんです。
例えばプロテインを30杯飲んだとしても、HMBを摂取できるのはたったの4.5グラム。
しか しBBB( トリプルビー ) ならHMBがダイレクトに体内に摂取することができるので、筋力UPや筋力維持にとても効率的なんですよ！
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の成分：クレアチ ン
BBB ( トリプルビー ) には、クレアチンが配合されています。
HMBとの相性も非常に良く、持久力や瞬発力がUPする効果があります。
疲れにくい体になるので、運動や筋トレも効率よく行うことができるんです。
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の成分：クエン 酸
BBB ( トリプルビー ) には、クエン酸が配合されています。
クエン酸には疲労回復効果があるので、運動や筋トレ後の体の疲れを和らげることができます。
また肝臓機能を改善することもできるので、健康的にもおすすめな成分となっています。
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の成分：オルニチ ン
BBB ( トリプルビー ) には、オルニチンが配合されています。
シジミに多く含まれるオルニチンですが、肝臓機能を改善したり、疲労を回復する効果があります。
筋肉を増やしたい方だけではなく、忙しくて体が疲れている方にもピッタリです。
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の成分：ブラックジンジャー
BBB ( トリプルビー ) には、ブラックジンジャーが配合されています。
脂肪燃焼効果や、新陳代謝を向上させる効果があります。
黒ウコンや、クラチャイダムなどと呼ばれることもあり、ダイエットサプリには欠かせない成分となっています。
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の成分：L-アルギニン
BBB ( トリプルビー ) には、L-アルギニンが配合されています。
アミノ酸の一種であり、成長ホルモンを分泌する作用があります。
成長ホルモンを分泌することでより筋肉を増強しやすくなりますよ。
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の成分：イソフラボン
BBB ( トリプルビー ) には、イソフラボンが配合されています。
イソフラボンは女性ホルモンによく似ていているので、女性におすすめの成分。
ホルモンバランスを整えるだけではなく、新陳代謝を向上する効果があります。
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の成分：コエンザイ ムQ10
BBB ( トリプルビー ) には、コエンザイムQ10が配合されています。
免疫力が向上したり、疲労回復効果があります。
また高い抗酸化作用があるので、シワやくすみ、シミなどを防止する効果もあります。
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の成分：葉 酸
BBB ( トリプルビー ) には、葉酸が配合されています。
葉酸はビタミンの一種であり、美肌効果や美髪効果があります。
美容効果に非常に優れている成分なので、女性には是非摂取して欲しい成分でもあります。
BBB ( トリプルビー ) を最安値で購入す る
もくじに戻る ▲
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の効果的な飲み方は？
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の効果的な飲み方や、基本的な使用方法を紹介します！
BBB ( トリプルビー ) をうまく使って、美しいボディメイキングにチャレンジ！
基本的な使用方 法
まず はBBB ( トリプルビー ) の基本的な使用方法を紹介します。
BBB ( トリプルビー ) は、1日に1包飲むようにしましょう。
そのまま飲んでもいいですし、水かぬるま湯で飲みましょう。
効果的な飲み 方
次 はBBB ( トリプルビー ) の効果的な飲み方を紹介します。
運動前や筋トレ前 にBBB ( トリプルビー)を飲むことで、より筋肉強化が目指せます。
BBB ( トリプルビー )の配合成分は吸収力が非常に高いので、すぐに直前に飲んでも効果を十分発揮することができるんです！
いつ使う ？( タイミング・時間帯 )
BBB ( トリプルビー ) は、基本的にはいつ飲んでも大丈夫なサプリメントです。
決められたタイミングや時間帯はないので、用途に合わせて飲んでみましょう。
大切なのは、飲み忘れることなく毎日しっかり飲み続けることです。
BBB ( トリプルビー ) を最安値で購入す る
もくじに戻る ▲
BBB ( トリプルビー ) に副作用・リスクはあるの？
BBB ( トリプルビー ) に副作用やリスクはありません。
BBB ( トリプルビー )は医薬品ではなく健康食品（サプリメント）なので、体に悪い成分は一切入っていないんです。
もし食物アレルギーがある方は、事前に医師や薬剤師に相談しておくことをおすすめします。
ちなみ にBBB( トリプルビー ) は、国内のGMP認定工場で丁寧に製造・生産されているサプリメントです。
品質管理や衛生管理も徹底されていますので、不安要素が残らないんです。
BBB ( トリプルビー ) を最安値で購入す る
もくじに戻る ▲
BBB ( トリプルビー ) は芸能人・モデルも愛用！雑誌やメディアで人気
BBB ( トリプルビー ) は、芸能人やモデルにも大人気！
さすがは、中村アンさん、黒木メイサさん、西内まりやさん、土屋太鳳さんなど、有名人のパーソナルトレーナーを務めるAYAさんが監修しているサプリメントですね。
雑誌やメディアでも取り上げられる機会も多く、2019年1月にはアッププラス編集部の注目度No.1サプリメントに選ばれました！
そんな話題沸騰中 のBBB ( トリプルビー)ですが、実際に使っている有名人はいるのでしょうか。
そこでここでは、実際 にBBB ( トリプルビー)を愛用している有名人を一部紹介したいと思います！
［ BBB ( トリプルビー ) 芸能人］角谷麻央さん（モデル）
BBB ( トリプルビー ) は、モデルの角谷麻央さんも愛用しています。
基礎代謝をUPさせたくて飲み始めたとのことですが、メリハリのある美ボディをしっかりキープされているご様子！
ブルーベリー味で美味しいだけではなく、スティックタイプなので持ち運びしやすいところもお気に入りのようです。
［ BBB ( トリプルビー ) 芸能人］野形仁美さん（モデル）
BBB ( トリプルビー ) は、野形仁美さんも愛用しています。
モデルでありキックボクサーでもある野形さんは、トレーニングのあとにBBB(トリプルビー)を飲んでいるそうです。
筋肉を維持するだけではなくキレイにシェイプアップできるということで、毎日欠かせないとのこと！
トレーニング量を多くこなす彼女だからこそ、BBB(トリプルビー)をうまく活用して更なるボディメイキングを目指しているのですね。
［ BBB ( トリプルビー ) 芸能人 ］SNS ( ツイッター・インスタグラム ) を紹介
BBB ( トリプルビー ) を愛用している芸能人やモデルさんのSNS(ツイッター・インスタグラム)をいくつか紹介します。
https://www.instagram.com/p/Biqql4JnD_o/?utm_source=ig_web_copy_link
https://www.instagram.com/p/BjjVZeHhJTy/?utm_source=ig_web_copy_link
https://www.instagram.com/p/BqunDuuH4pi/?utm_source=ig_web_copy_link
BBB ( トリプルビー ) を最安値で購入す る
もくじに戻る ▲
BBB ( トリプルビー ) の販売店は？薬局・ドラッグストア・コンビニ？
BBB ( トリプルビー ) は、市販でも手に入れることはできるのでしょうか。
そこでここでは、薬局やドラッグストア、コンビニなど、身近にある店舗を対象に販売店を調べてみました。
薬局 取り扱いなし ドラッグストア 取り扱いなし ドン・キホーテ 取り扱いなし ロフ ト( Loft ) 取り扱いなし セブンイレブン 取り扱いなし ローソン 取り扱いなし ファミリーマート 取り扱いなし その他のコンビニ 取り扱いな し
［ BBB ( トリプルビー ) 販売店］薬局・ドラッグストアで探してみました
まずは薬局やドラッグストアで、BBB(トリプルビー)は販売されているのか実際に行って探してみました。
しかし残念ながら、薬局やドラッグストアではBBB(トリプルビー)の取り扱いはありませんでした。
［ BBB ( トリプルビー ) 販売店］ドンキ( ドンキホーテ ) ・ロフトで探してみました
次はドンキ（ドンキホーテ）やロフトで、BBB(トリプルビー)は販売されているのか実際に行って探してみました。
しかし残念ながら、ドンキ（ドンキホーテ）やロフトでもBBB(トリプルビー)の取り扱いはありませんでした。
［ BBB ( トリプルビー ) 販売店］コンビニ（セブンイレブン・LAWSON・FamilyMart）で探してみました
次はコンビニのセブンイレブン、LAWSON、FamilyMartで、BBB(トリプルビー)は販売されているのか実際に行って探してみました。
しかし残念ながら、コンビニのセブンイレブン、LAWSON、FamilyMartでもBBB(トリプルビー)の取り扱いはありませんでした。
［ BBB ( トリプルビー ) 販売店］通販限定と判明 ！
BBB ( トリプルビー ) は市販では販売されておらず、通販限定だということが判明しました！
近くの店舗で購入できないのは残念ですが、実は公式通販サイトのトクトクモニターコースはすごくオトクなんですよ！
初回 はBBB( トリプルビー ) の商品代は無料で、送料の500円を払うだけ！
たったのワンコインで 、BBB ( トリプルビー)
を1か月分たっぷりと試すことができるんです。
特典プレゼントとして 、AYAトレDVDや、DVDボックスも貰えますよ。
またトクトクモニターコースには20日間の返金保証がついているので、初めて利用する方にもピッタリなんです。
つま りBBB( トリプルビー)は市販で購入できなくても、通販で購入するメリットがたくさん！
ぜひこの機会 にBBB ( トリプルビー)をオトクに購入して、ダイエットやボディメイキングに挑戦してみて下さいね。
BBB ( トリプルビー ) を最安値で購入す る
もくじに戻る ▲
BBB ( トリプルビー ) のQ&A：よくある質問
ここでは 、BBB ( トリプルビー ) に寄せられるよくある質問をQ&Aにして紹介します！
BBB ( トリプルビー ) のQ&A：サプリメントなのに錠剤やカプセルではないんですか？
BBB ( トリプルビー ) はいつでもどこでも飲めるように、顆粒タイプのサプリメントとなっています。
水なしで飲むこともできるので、飲み忘れ防止も最適ですよ。
BBB ( トリプルビー ) のQ&A：妊娠中や授乳中でも飲めますか？
BBB ( トリプルビー ) は栄養素が非常に高いので、妊娠中や授乳中でも飲んでも大丈夫です！
栄養補給食品としても使えるので、おすすめですよ。
ただし妊娠中や授乳中にダイエットとして使用することは止めておきましょう。
しっかり食事をとり、栄養素をプラスする意味で使用するようにしましょう。
BBB ( トリプルビー ) のQ&A：他のサプリメントや薬と飲んで大丈夫ですか？
BBB ( トリプルビー ) は、他のサプリメントや薬と併用して飲んでも大丈夫です。
もし心配な場合は、事前に医師か薬剤師に相談しておくことをおすすめします。
BBB ( トリプルビー ) を最安値で購入す る
もくじに戻る ▲
BBB ( トリプルビー ) のメリット・デメリットとは？
ここからは 、BBB ( トリプルビー)のメリットやデメリットについてお話したいと思います！
BBB ( トリプルビー ) のメリッ ト
まずは 、BBB ( トリプルビー ) のメリットから見てみましょう。
BBB ( トリプルビー )
は1日に1包飲むだけで筋肉量を増やし、筋肉を維持することができるサプリメントです。
女性は本来、筋肉を維持するのが難しいので、BBB(トリプルビー)はまさに画期的！
筋肉が増えることで、メリットはたくさんあるんですよ。
新陳代謝がUPするのでカロリーを消費しやすく、また脂肪燃焼もしやすくなります。
そして基礎代謝がUPするので、必然的に体力UPも実現します。
無理な食事制限をすることなくダイエット効果を実感することができるので、女性にピッタリなダイエットサプリですね！
また疲労回復効果もあるので、疲れた体を次の日まで持ち越さなくてよくなるんです。
ま たBBB ( トリプルビー ) は筋肉のことだけではなく、実は美容成分もたっぷり配合！
美肌効果やアンチエイジング効果もあるので、まさに全身美しくレベルアップすることができるんですよ！
BBB ( トリプルビー ) のデメリッ ト
次は 、BBB ( トリプルビー ) のデメリットを見てみましょう。
BBB ( トリプルビー )は筋肉量を増やしてダイエット効果もあるサプリメントですが、即効性はありません。
短期間飲んだだけでは完全な体質改善をすることはできないので、気長に飲み続ける必要があります。
そのため、すぐに結果を求める方には向いていないかもしれないですね。
BBB ( トリプルビー ) を最安値で購入す る
もくじに戻る ▲
BBB ( トリプルビー ) が男性にこそおすすめの理由は？
BBB ( トリプルビー )は女性におすすめなサプリメントですが、実は男性にもおすすめなサプリメントなんです！
それは、HMBやクレアチンがたっぷり含まれているから。
プロテインを飲むよりも効率的に筋肉量を増やすことができるので、男性もピッタリ！
筋肉低下や筋肉量減少は、多くの男性も悩んでいる部分ではないでしょうか。
中には運動や筋トレをしたくても、仕事の疲れで体がなかなか動かない…と悩んでいる方もいることでしょう。
BBB ( トリプルビー ) は疲労回復効果もあるので、体に負担を与えることもありません。
無理なくボディメイキングをすることができるので、男性にも是非飲んでほしいサプリメントですね。
ちなみ にBBB ( トリプルビー)はスティックタイプの顆粒サプリメントなので、持ち運びにも便利！
バッグやポケットにそっと忍ばせておけるので、いつでも好きな時に飲むことができるので使いやすいんです。
BBB ( トリプルビー ) を最安値で購入す る
もくじに戻る ▲
まとめ （BBB ( トリプルビー ) がおすすめ ）
最後に 、BBB ( トリプルビー ) についてまとめました。
BBB ( トリプルビー ) は、有名トレーナーであるAYAさんが監修しているにも関わらず、初回価格が実質無料（送料500円）という他にはないコストパフォーマンスの高さが評判のサプリメントです！
今、トレーニングやダイエット業界では大注目の「HMB」が高配合されたBBB(トリプルビー)は、スムーズな筋肉増強・維持にとても役立ちます。
「 トレーニングだけではなかなか痩せない…」「筋トレの成果が実感できない…」といった方でも、BBB(トリプルビー)を飲めば必ず欲しい効果を体感することができますよ！
しか もBBB( トリプルビー ) には、HMBのほかにも 「 美容効果」が得られる成分や
「 疲労回復」に効果がある成分なども含まれています。
そのため、ただ単に筋肉を付けたりダイエットができるだけでなく「健康的」かつ「女性らしい」ボディメイクが叶うのです。
しかも、純国産原料にこだわりGMP認定工場で製造されているので安全性も非常に高く、安心して飲むことができるのも嬉しいポイント♪
水なしで飲めるブルーベリー風味のサプリメントなので、忙しい方でも手軽に飲むことができ、まさに女性のキレイを応援してくれるサプリメントです。
BBB ( トリプルビー ) を飲みながらトレーニングやダイエットをすれば、あなたもAYAさんのような美ボディが手に入るかも？！
悩んでいる方にはぜひ一度試してもらいたい、おすすめのサプリメントです。
今なら公式限定キャンペーン中で、なんと超お得の９４％割引！！
解説 BBB ( トリプルビー ) なら 飲むだけでキレイに痩せて、理想の体型をゲットできる！
BBB ( トリプルビー ) が今だけ激安 ！
最安値のお試し価格はこちら！
↑ あなたの悩み、これで解決 ♪
Telephone Conferences : Phreaky Boys Collection
From the collection of " Dave " , a phone phreak who traversed the voice mailboxes in 1990 , recording messages that flew by on momentarily - grabbed phone recording systems .
He writes
" Ultimately I 'm really interested to know if anyone recognizes the people in the recordings or actually ARE the people in the recordings ) , and can reminisce on any stories / anecdotes about those experiences . "
" Back then , I was hooked on calling hacked voice mail boxes and participating in the phreak culture .
One time , I called into a conference call ( which was set by some unknown phreaker using a stolen credit card number ) .
There were a good number of participants .
Unfortunately I did not get a recording .
But I did get visited by an FBI agent not too long after .
He was n't interested in any of the petty stuff I was doing ( calling VMBs and snagging " 0488 " codes ( among others ) to make free long distance calls ) .
Mainly , he was interested in one of the phreakers that had called into the conference call .
Apparently , he was a big enough fish to go after .
But I did n't even know the guy so I had no dirt to dish out on him .
It was a bizarre experience . "
Quality of these recordings range wildly , but the tone of voice and speed that information was passed this way comes out .
Filename
Size
Description of the Audio
19900122 - 1 January 22 , 1990 Collection ( Part I ) 19900122 - 2 January 22 , 1990 Collection ( Part II ) 19900126 January 26 , 1990 Collection 19900126 - 28 January 26 - 28 , 1990 Collection 19900129-0201 January 29 - February 1 , 1990 Collection ( Part I ) 19900129-0201 - 2 January 29 - February 1 , 1990 Collection ( Part II ) 19900204 February 4 , 1990 Collection
TotL.net Human Virus Scanner
During our research for " Do n't Cross the Memes " we encountered several potent memetic viruses .
Six months later we have perfected a simple yet effective human virus detector .
Scan yourself , or scan your friends .
Warning : this software does n't work in Windows IE4 .
If you have any bug reports or comments , you can email us .
Some moron is spamming the old address , so I 've forwarded it to / dev/null .
How to use the scanner
Each page of the scanner contains a grid of simple gray images
Highlight the images you recognise by clicking on them
Once you 've marked all the images you recognise , move on by pressing Next
After you complete the last page the system will automatically assess your exposure to currently known memetic viruses and suggest remedial actions
open scanner in :
( normal people ) or
( opera users )
Another useless service of the TotL consortium .
A new book , Signs of Life , by Dave Askwith and Alex Normanton , features spoof signs which lampoon officious notices and labels that inform and instruct .
Advertising executive Dave Askwith took inspiration from his daily commute from Brighton to London .
" It was mundane - my fault for sitting in the same seat , staring at the same signs . "
For his own entertainment - and sanity - he devised personal variations on the signs and labels that are part of daily life .
" That 's when Alex came in - he does typography and offered to make them look proper , " says Mr Askwith .
Their first effort aimed to shed light on a mysterious lever on a slam - door train .
At first glance , the signs appear official ... ... but on closer inspection are fanciful nonsense .
" It started as a hobby - I wanted to see how long they 'd stay up , " says Mr Askwith .
" Some lasted several weeks before being nicked , or taken down by disgruntled staff . "
Back 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Next
E-mail this to a friend
Debian Server Setup
Most of the people may be worrying how to setup debian server it is very easy than anything else .
Normal installation will support for server setup .
I am going to give you the each one how to achieve this .
We have already discussed each one but i need to give complete details in one place .
Debian 3.1 sarge Installation
Installing Debian sarge basic setup you can check this link for clear installation steps
http://www.debianhelp.co.uk/install.htm
Debian 4.0 ( Etch ) Beta 3 Web - Installation with Screenshots
Very good Debian etch installation walkthrough with nearly 50 screenshots
http://www.debianadmin.com/debian-etch-beta3-graphical-mode-installation-with-screenshots.html
Debian Machine Backup Guides
If you are looking for how take debian machine backup you need to follow here
http://www.debianhelp.co.uk/backup.htm
Debian Firewalls Configuration
Shorewall Firewall Configuration follow this
http://www.debianhelp.co.uk/shorewall.htm
picofirewall Configuration
http://www.debianhelp.co.uk/picofirewall.htm
Debian Wallpapers
http://www.debianhelp.co.uk/wallpaper.htm
Webmin and Quota installation
This is very impotent if you are maintaining a web server for your users you need to configure quotas to control their usage check this link for complete tutorial
http://www.debianhelp.co.uk/Webmin.htm
Debian Proftp server Installation
Proftp server is very easy to setup check this link for complete installation process
http://www.debianhelp.co.uk/proftp.htm
Proftp Server Web interface or GUI Tools
http://www.debianhelp.co.uk/proftpweb.htm
Bandwidth , Network and Servers Monitoring tools with Tutorials
http://www.debianhelp.co.uk/monitortools.htm
Debian Pureftp server Installation
Pureftp server is very easy to setup check this link for complete installation process
http://www.debianhelp.co.uk/pureftp.htm
Pureftp Server Web interface or GUI Tools
http://www.debianhelp.co.uk/pureftpweb.htm
Debian Web server Setup
This is very important part of your server configuration for hosting websites or to install any applications
Debian Apache2 Installation with PHP Support
Check this link for complete apache2 installation with PHP support
http://www.debianhelp.co.uk/apache2.htm
Apache web Server Web interface or GUI Tools
http://www.debianhelp.co.uk/apacheweb.htm
Webalizer Configuration for apache web server
This software provides your users websites statistics check the below link for complete installation
http://www.debianhelp.co.uk/webalizer.htm
Debian Samba Server setup
If you want to configure your server as samba server follow this link
http://www.debianhelp.co.uk/samba.htm
Nagio ( Network Minitoring ) Server with Web interface Oreon
Nagios is Enterprise level Network monitoring tool .
If you want to configure your server as monitoring server just follow this link
http://www.debianhelp.co.uk/oreon.htm
Samba Server Web interface or GUI Tools
http://www.debianhelp.co.uk/sambaweb.htm
Centralized Syslog Server Using syslog-NG
If you want to configure your server as Syslog Server follow this link
http://www.debianhelp.co.uk/syslog-ng.htm
Databases ( Mysql , Postgresql , Firebird ) Backup
If you want to take your databases Backup follow this link
http://www.debianhelp.co.uk/databasebackup.htm
Debian Mysql Database Server setup
If you want to configure your server as database server follow this link
http://www.debianhelp.co.uk/mysql.htm
Mysql Database Server Web interface or GUI Tools
http://www.debianhelp.co.uk/mysqlweb.htm
Debian Postgresql Database Server setup
If you want to configure you server as database server follow this link
http://www.debianhelp.co.uk/postgresql.htm
Postgresql Database Server Web interface or GUI Tools
http://www.debianhelp.co.uk/postgresqlweb.htm
Debian Firebird Database Server setup
If you want to configure you server as database server follow this link
http://www.debianhelp.co.uk/firebird.htm
Firebird Database Server Web interface or GUI Tools
http://www.debianhelp.co.uk/firebirdweb.htm
Debian mail server Configuration
If you want to configure you server as mail server you need to follow these instructions specified in below link
http://www.debianhelp.co.uk/postfix.htm
Qmail Server Web interface or GUI Tools
http://www.debianhelp.co.uk/qmailweb.htm
Postfix Mail Server Web interface or GUI Tools
http://www.debianhelp.co.uk/postfixweb.htm
ntpdate package for Synchronize server time
If you want to keep you server time to upto date follow this link
http://www.debianhelp.co.uk/time.htm
Debian VNC server Configuration
If you want to configure VNC server in debian follow this link
http://www.debianhelp.co.uk/vnc.htm
Proxy server configuration in Debian
If you want to configure proxy server follow this link
http://www.debianhelp.co.uk/squid.htm
tftp server configuration in Debian
If you want to configure tftp server follow this link
http://www.debianhelp.co.uk/tftp.htm
SSH Server configuration in Debian
If you want to configure SSH server follow this link
http://www.debianhelp.co.uk/ssh.htm
DHCP server Configuration in Debian
If you want to configure dHCP server you need to follow these instructions
http://www.debianhelp.co.uk/dhcp.htm
DHCP Server Web interface or GUI Tools
http://www.debianhelp.co.uk/dhcpweb.htm
DNS server setup in debian
If you want to setup DNS server you need to follow below link
http://www.debian.org/doc/manuals/network-administrator/ch-bind.html
Bind DNS Server Web interface or GUI Tools
http://www.debianhelp.co.uk/bindweb.htm
Google , Neven Vision & Image Recognition
Google today acquired a key player in face and image recognition biometrics , Neven Vision .
The benefits and new features which Google can roll out with Neven Vision under its belt are seemingly endless and if I were to compare the opportunity of Google ’s new buy with any other recent acquisition in Google history , it would be that of Keyhole ( ie. Google Earth & Google Maps ) .
Adrian Graham , Picasa Product Manager , made the Neven Vision acquisition announcement on the Google Blog : Neven Vision comes to Google with deep technology and expertise around automatically extracting information from a photo .
It could be as simple as detecting whether or not a photo contains a person , or , one day , as complex as recognizing people , places , and objects .
This technology just may make it a lot easier for you to organize and find the photos you care about .
We do n’t have any specific features to show off today , but we ’re looking forward to having more to share with you soon .
Advertisement Continue Reading Below
Sure ; image , face , place and object recognition can change the entire Google Picasa photo organization experience and with automatic tagging , may even become a serious competitor to Yahoo ’s Flickr or Yahoo Photos .
There is , however , so much more to this acquisition beyond the photo album tagging and photo definition technology .
Patents , Video & Mobile Technology
First let ’s look at the patents which Neven Vision holds .
The NevenVison.com site has been taken down and is serving Google messages , but a glimpse at its pre-existing pages in Google Cache reward the reader with some nice background information on the company , its patents :
Patent Number & Description
* EP1072018 : Wavelet - Based Facial Motion Capture for Avatar Animation * 1072014 Face Recognition from Video Images * EP1072018 Wavelet - Based Facial Motion Capture for Avatar Animation * 218457 Face Recognition from Video Images * 218458 Wavelet - Based Facial Motion Capture for Avatar Animation * EP1072018 Wavelet - Based Facial Motion Capture for Avatar Animation * 1072014 Face Recognition from Video Images * 6714661 Method & System for Customizing Facial Feature Tracking Using Precise Landmark * 6222939 Labeled Bunch Graphs for Image Analysis ( EYEM1160 / NE01 ) * 6356659 Labeled Bunch Graphs for Image Analysis * 6563950 Labeled Bunch Graphs for Image Analysis * 6466695 Procedure for Automatic Analysis of Images & Image Sequences Based on Two Dimensional Shape Primitives * 6272231 Wavelet - Based Facial Motion Capture for Avatar Animation * 6580811 Wavelet - Based Facial Motion Capture for Avatar Animation * 6301370 Face Recognition from Video Images
Advertisement Continue Reading Below
As we can see from the patent list , Neven Vision is not limited to facial recognition nor image recognition through images alone and holds a nice selection of video recognition patents , specifically centered around Face Recognition from Video Images and applying this technology to the mobile phone .
Just as I thought I had some kind of patent scoop on the company , I clicked over to SEO by the SEA and saw that Bill Slawski has already listed these patents and excerpts from their abstracts .
So , instead of going down the same course , here are some interesting patent applications and abstracts highlighted by Mr. Slawski :
Image base inquiry system for search engines for mobile telephones with integrated camera
Invented by Hartmut Neven , Sr .
US Patent Application 20050185060 Published August 25 , 2005
Filed February 20 , 2004
Abstract
An increasing number of mobile telephones and computers are being equipped with a camera .
Thus , instead of simple text strings , it is also possible to send images as queries to search engines or databases .
Moreover , advances in image recognition allow a greater degree of automated recognition of objects , strings of letters , or symbols in digital images .
This makes it possible to convert the graphical information into a symbolic format , for example , plain text , in order to then access information about the object shown .
Image - based search engine for mobile phones with camera Invented by Hartmut Neven , Sr. and Hartmut Neven US Patent Application 20060012677
Published January 19 , 2006
Filed May 13 , 2005
Abstract
An image - based information retrieval system is disclosed that includes a mobile telephone and a remote server .
The mobile telephone has a built - in camera and a communication link for transmitting an image from the built - in camera to the remote server .
The remote server has an optical character recognition engine for generating a first confidence value based on an image from the mobile telephone , an object recognition engine for generating a second confidence value based on an image from the mobile telephone , a face recognition engine for generating a third confidence value based on an image from the mobile telephone , and an integrator module for receiving the first , second , and third confidence values and generating a recognition output .
Single image based multi-biometric system and method
Invented by Hartwig Adam , Hartmut Neven , and Johannes B. Steffens US Patent Application 20060050933
Published March 9 , 2006
Filed June 21 , 2005
Abstract
This disclosure describes methods to integrate face , skin and iris recognition to provide a biometric system with unprecedented level of accuracy for identifying individuals .
A compelling feature of this approach is that it only requires a single digital image depicting a human face as source data .
Besides patents & patent applications , perhaps a better way to look into what Google has brought under its wing is to look at the tangible products , businesses and clients using Neven Vision ’s Technology .
First is iScout , a mobile marketing oriented product which allows users to capture an image with their cell phone camera and then send that image to iScout to receive coupons , enter contests or sweepstakes or engage in mobile transactions ( from the April 6th press release ) :
For Marketers , iScout can be used for image based mobile marketing campaigns ( logos , product packaging , magazine and newspaper ads , posters , billboards , etc. ) .
Using iScout , not only can mobile marketing campaigns display rich multi-media based brand specific content ( image , text , audio , and soon video ) , but the content can also be changed dynamically with subscriber interaction .
Subscribers can interact with real world images like magazine or newspaper ads , posters or retail items , and any other commercial image they see by capturing pictures with their camera phones and sending them in to get marketing offers , enter contests , engage in transactions and search for information .
The mobile user experience can be dynamically customized based on interaction and intent , creating a unique , content rich user experience .
Neven Vision conducted an intensive search to identify a mobile solution to meet all of the requirements for iScout .
During this search , Neven Vision discovered the SmartPathTM Mobile Publishing Solution by Trilibis Mobile .
SmartPath enables clients to easily create and manage highly - customizable rich content mobile applications to run across all major platforms , networks and devices .
Using SmartPath , Neven Vision has introduced a number of enhancements to iScout , including a more intuitive user interface , the ability to save download files and a multi-lingual menu that can be localized by country .
“ Mobile marketing is poised for hyper - growth , with Asian and European markets already generating significant data service revenues for mobile operators , ” said Alex Cory , Neven Vision CEO .
“ Mobile visual search brings a critical element to this market , just as paid search did for the internet .
It helps advertisers and brands move from low performance impression based ads to more interactive , real - time approaches to engaging consumers , offering a great opportunity to build a real connection at the consumer ’s moment of interest and creating a convenient path for direct response . ”
Advertisement Continue Reading Below
Seems like Google AdWords on buses , billboards and other forms of outdoor advertising is not just a joke among Madison Avenue players anymore .
Imagine Google AdWords technology monitoring the profiles of users and the paths they generally take to the workplace , favorite lunchtime eatery , or commute home ; and then optimizing the outdoor or subway advertising to show the most relevant ad to the most relevant group at the most relevant time .
Take a photo of that advertisement with your mobile phone and enter to win a contest , subscribe to a magazine or purchase that last minute gift for your spouse using Mobile Google Checkout .
This is the ( speculated ) reality which Neven Vision brings to the Google Plex .
Better yet , what if there is not an advertisement to photograph ?
Neven Vision iScout can be used to simply take an image of an object , recognize that image and then possibly serve comparative shopping information via Froogle or normal Web Search or Image Search results .
Advertisement Continue Reading Below
Example , I ’m walking through the woods and notice a tick has crawled up my leg and bitten me .
I can use my phone ( or wi - fi camera for that matter once wi- fi is widespread ) to snap a picture of that rascally arachnid , its marks and its coloring to see if that tick is carrying Lymes Disease .
The same method could be used to identify poisonous snakes or spiders and an antidote or treatment and time constraints for finding nearby hospitals .
The possibilities are endless .
Facial Recognition on the Mobile
Neven Vision ’s bread & butter product seems to be their fast mobile facial recognition which is licensed specially to law enforcement agencies .
A 2005 issue of USA Today covers their technology for this niche market :
Neven Vision stands out as the only facial - recognition engine on the market that can run directly on handheld devices such as personal digital assistants , wireless phones and mobile terminals .
The company will use this capability in a new product called Mobile Identifier due out in the coming months .
Geared toward law enforcement , Mobile Identifier features an on - board database and image - recognition engine .
Results are immediate because officers do n’t need to wait for data to be transmitted via wireless connections .
Advertisement Continue Reading Below
According to Liz Gannes at GigaOM , this Neven Vision mobile technology is currently being used by the LAPD in order to identify gang members .
Question is , will Google bring mobile face recognition to its consumer marketplace ?
Will one be able to take a picture of someone at the bar , search on Google for him or her , then be able to read that person ’s blog , MySpace profile or home address ?
Chances are doing so would conjure up all kinds of privacy controversies , but the technology to do so is right around the corner ( more on this below ) .
In terns of Mobile Face Recognition , what we ’ll possibly see is Google taking advantage of this personal information more so than the end user .
For example , I take a photo of a cute girl , or group of people at a bar .
And what does Google now know about these people ?
* Which bars or restaurants they frequent ?
* Where is the location of that bar ?
* Whether they prefer beer , wine or liquor .
* What kind of clothing they purchase & wear ?
* Whether or not they smoke .
* Do they wear eye glasses or not ?
* Who are they connected to in the real world and what is that connection ?
* Which college did they attend ?
* What sports teams do they follow ?
* How much makeup do they wear when they go out ?
* Whether they use tanning lotion or not .
* Do they have a full head of hair , balding or bald ?
Advertisement Continue Reading Below
Cross reference this image recognition information with what Google already knows of its registered and unregistered users and now we have oodles and oodles of marketing information at our finger tips .
Google Building Facial Recognition Database ?
The obvious next question in the equation is how would Google or Neven Vision know who we are in the first place ?
Well , if you have a criminal record or history of gang association , or if your state openly sells their Department of Motor Vehicles license information , you ’re probably in the Neven Vision database already .
But , how else can Google obtain what our faces look like ?
One of the reasons Google targeted ( or reason for the rumors ) a startup called Riya was for its tagging ability and the ability to mass - tag photos based upon the person in them , location and so on .
There has been a recent theory however that Google is building a facial feature database of Google Accounts owners on their own .
Ionut Alex at the Google Operating System Blog has a theory that when a GMail or GTalk user uploads their photo or avatar , Google is associating face photo crops with that person , their search and web history , and their account :
Gmail allows you to add pictures for your contacts .
If you upload a picture , Gmail will ask you to crop the picture , to separate the face of the person .
So Gmail has a database of multiple images for a lot of persons … .
It ’s a very easy way to obtain a database of faces useful for face recognition .
Algorithms for detecting and recognizing faces are good , but not good enough , and this is a great way for Google to improve their AI algorithms using the data obtained from its users .
Advertisement Continue Reading Below
Another use for an image database used for facial recognition ?
Sunday evening we posted a story on Google Video and Google Personalization describing the whitepaper on using Social Network information for search engine ( and advertising ) personalization , here ’s a reminder :
My friend Bill Slawski brought this up during his presentation on Algorithms at Search Engine Strategies .
Bill connected the whitepaper , InterestMap : Harvesting Social Network Profiles for Recommendations , to the latest Google & MySpace partnership .
The abstract of the paper is as follows :
“ While most recommender systems continue to gather detailed models of their “ users ” within their particular application domain , they are , for the most part , oblivious to the larger context of the lives of their users outside of the application .
What are they passionate about as individuals , and how do they identify themselves culturally ?
As recommender systems become more central to people ’s lives , we must start modeling the person , rather than the user .
In this paper , we explore how we can build models of people outside of narrow application domains , by capturing the traces they leave on the Web , and inferring their everyday interests from this .
In particular , for this work , we harvested 100,000 social network profiles , in which people describe themselves using a rich vocabulary of their passions and interests .
By automatically analyzing patterns of correlation between various interests and cultural identities ( e.g. “ Raver , ” “ Dog Lover , ” “ Intellectual ” ) , we built InterestMap , a network - style view of the space of interconnecting interests and identities .
Through evaluation and discussion , we suggest that recommendations made in this network space are not only accurate , but also highly visually intelligible – each lone interest contextualized by the larger cultural milieu of the network in which it rests . ”
Advertisement Continue Reading Below
Bill ’s example of how this information gathered from Social Networks can be used is if a user :
* Lists their favorite musicians in their MySpace account as John Lee Hooker , Muddy Waters and Bessie Smith
* They search on Google for “ blues ”
* Google can now serve personalized search results with all blues music oriented serps .
* If another user is a member of the Brett Hull Fan Club and lists Hockey as a hobby on their profile while living in St. Louis ; Google can serve personalized results focused on The Blues Hockey Team .
* Of course , such personalization can be extended to Google Video Advertisements .
So , in an effort to end this review of the Google Neven Vision acquisition , my thoughts and the possibilities of applying the N.V. technology to Google ’s existing efforts , I ’d like to add that if social networking is the future of online communication and Google is going to use Social Network profile information to personalize their search engines , but does not have a way of identifying the owner of the profile on some social networks due to no advertising in the network or no Google partnerships , what is one object or identifer that most users or members of Social Networks , Blogs , and Forums post that Google can use Neven Vision to help define that user ?
Their photo .
SEVENTY years after Jesse Owens sprinted to victory in the 1936 Olympic Games , the Berlin Olympic stadium is once again at the centre of the sporting world .
Football 's World Cup , which starts this week , will come to a climax with a final in the refurbished Olympic stadium in Berlin next month .
Fortunately , the political overtones that made the Berlin Olympics such a sinister event are completely absent .
This is not just because Germany is now a democratic country .
It is also because the World Cup , unlike the Olympics , is wonderfully difficult to manipulate for political purposes .
Over its long history , success at the Olympics has usually been a fairly accurate measure of global political power .
Although the world now remembers the snub that Jesse Owens delivered to Nazi theories of racial superiority , the Germans came top of the Olympic medal table in 1936 , reflecting the Nazi regime 's growing power .
During the cold war , the United States and the Soviet Union repeatedly struggled to gain a symbolic victory , by winning the most medals at the Olympics .
Already a similar , politically charged battle for supremacy between America and China looks likely in the 2008 Beijing Olympics .
By contrast , the World Cup has its own hierarchy , which is pleasingly divorced from the global pecking order .
There is a sole superpower — Brazil .
The Italians and French , apparently doomed to gentle decline in the real world , remain formidable competitors on the football field .
And then there are the rising powers — which are more likely to hail from Africa than Asia .
America will field a serious team at the World Cup , but nobody expects it to win .
The Chinese , who have discovered a passion for football , failed to qualify for the tournament .
Football 's power structure reflects a satisfying characteristic of the global game .
Despite the undoubted prestige to be had by becoming champions of the world , it is extremely hard — if not impossible — for a determined and well - resourced government to create a World Cup - winning team .
Arguably , the Italians managed it in the 1930s ; and Argentina 's World Cup winners in 1978 received plenty of backing from the ruling military junta .
But a modern - day dictator who ordered his minions to create a team that could beat Brazil — or even play in their style — would be swiftly disappointed .
How to run rings around the Olympics
Again , the comparison with the Olympics is striking .
Think of all those robotic East German sprinters , Romanian gymnasts and Chinese swimmers churned out by state - backed programmes .
By contrast , a winning football team needs not just athleticism but also a spark of creativity and style that cannot be manufactured by sport 's central planners .
Even taking drugs does not appear to be much help for footballers .
As a result , every World Cup seems to throw up a team that suddenly clicks at the right time and beats a much - fancied opponent .
Think of North Korea vanquishing Italy in 1966 or Senegal turning over France , the reigning champions , in 2002 .
It is this capacity to surprise that helps make the World Cup such a gripping event .
And it is why in the endless competition between the Olympics and the World Cup for the title of “ the world 's greatest sporting event ” we vote for the World Cup .
While researching rural life more than 20 years ago , Paul C. Rosenblatt took his 12 - year - old son with him to interview farm families in the Midwest .
Father and son stayed in a farmhouse and had to share a bed .
“ It was terrible , ” said Dr. Rosenblatt , a professor of sociology at the University of Minnesota , Twin Cities , because his son thrashed and turned so much that “ his feet were in my face all night . ”
Tired and bedraggled the next day , he recalled thinking about how challenging it can be to adapt to sleeping with another person .
In more recent research — on grief — Dr. Rosenblatt interviewed couples whose children had died .
“ They quite often would tell me that they dealt with their grief by holding each other and talking together in bed at night , ” he said .
“ It seemed that I kept being reminded of how sharing a bed impacts our lives and sense of well - being . ”
Remember that $ 9 billion that somehow got “ lost ” in Iraq ?
Boxes of cash were shipped from the Federal Reserve to Iraq , where a former Coalition ProvisionalÂ
Authority official testified that our guys were playing football with blocks of $ 100 bills and an investigator described the atmosphere as “ a free - fraud zone . ”
The U.S. government was supposed to follow up on that somewhat dismaying discovery with an audit — but that has now been nixed by President George W. Bush , who recently issued a presidential “ finding ” that heads off an investigation at the pass :
“ Title III of the Act creates an Inspector General ( IG ) of the CPA .
Title III shall be construed in a manner consistent with the President ’s constitutional authorities to conduct the Nation ’s foreign affairs , to supervise the unitary executive branch , and as Commander in Chief of the Armed Forces .
The CPA IG shall refrain from initiating , carrying out , or completing an audit or investigation , or from issuing a subpoena , which requires access to sensitive operation plans , intelligence matters , counterintelligence matters , ongoing criminal investiga - tions by other administrative units of the Department of Defense related to national security , or other matters the disclosure of which would constitute a serious threat to national security . ”
All power to the “ unitary executive ” — and let the good times roll !
NRML Executive Director Allen St. Pierre criticized the DEA program for spending millions of taxpayers ' dollars to predominantly eradicate wild hemp .
" The irony , of course , is that industrial hemp is grown legally throughout most the Western world as a commercial crop for its fiber content , " he said .
" Yet the US government is spending taxpayers ' money to target and eradicate this same agricultural commodity . "
According to a 2005 Congressional Research Service report , " The United States is the only developed nation in which industrial hemp is not an established crop . "
St. Pierre said that most of the hemp plants eradicated by law enforcement are remnants of US - government subsidized crops that existed prior to World War II .
" Virtually all wild hemp goes unharvested and presents no legitimate threat to public safety , " he said .
" As such , it should be of no concern to the federal government or law enforcement . "
According to DEA figures , Indiana reported seizing over 212 million ditchweed plants - far more than any other state .
Missouri law enforcement confiscated some 4.5 million plants , and Kansas reported eradicating approximately 1.2 million plants .
More than half of all states failed to report their ditchweed totals .
California led all 50 states in the number of cultivated cannabis plants eradicated in 2005 , with the DEA reporting that more than 2 million plants had been destroyed .
The Domestic Cannabis Eradication / Suppression Program is a joint federal and state effort funded , in part , by the DEA .
STATE LEADERS :
DITCHWEED ERADICATED ( 2005 )
Indiana ( 212,441,768 plants confiscated )
Missouri ( 4,529,695 plants confiscated )
Kansas ( 1,177,976 plants confiscated )
Wisconsin ( 272,650 plants confiscated )
Oklahoma ( 100,736 plants confiscated )
STATE LEADERS :
CULTIVATED CANNABIS ** ERADICATED ( 2005 )
California ( 2,011,277 plants confiscated )
Kentucky ( 510,502 plants confiscated )
Tennessee ( 440,362 plants confiscated )
Hawaii ( 255,113 plants eradicated )
Washington ( 136,165 plants confiscated )
**DEA footnote : " May include ' tended ' ditchweed . "
Buddhism and the Illusion of Time
Questions and Answers from an interesting thread on Buddha 's Village Forum
Answers from Tom Huston soulplex@aol.com
<< I 've just read ' The end of time ' by Julian Barbour which presents a fairly convincing theory that time is just an illusion and really the universe is just made up of infinite seperate ' instants ' , or different configurations of the Universe .
Has anyone else read it and if so what do you think the implications are on Buddhism and the mind .
The theory has got me quite depressed and so I would appreciate any replies .
Remmy >>
I have n't read it , but I just saw an ad for it in the new issue of Science News and decided to browse the web for more info .
As for time being illusory and the universe being nothing but a series of separate " instants , " like frames in a movie , that 's basically correct .
Everything we call " the past " is , literally , nothing but present memories .
Likewise , everything we call " the future " is nothing but present memories inverted , or rearranged , to form a prediction or expectation .
The appearance of " time " is little more than a trick of memory , as the Avatamsaka Sutra ( Flower Ornament Scripture ) says .
You can easily discern this for yourself : simply figure out what it is you consider " the past " and " the future . "
You will discover that it is nothing but thoughts -- nothing but memories , nothing but expectations , nothing but mental commentary .
It 's " all in your head , " so to speak .
There 's really no such thing as time .
There is really only Now - - an eternally present Present with no beginning and no ending .
Everything is completely new , distinct , and original every instant , with no real " change " or " motion " at all .
The mystic - philosopher Heraclitus , explaining this point , said , " A man can not step in the same river twice . "
Zen Buddhism , in particular , stresses this very significant insight .
Here 's the Sixth Patriarch , Ch'an Master Hui-neng :
" In this moment there is nothing that comes to be .
In this moment there is nothing that ceases to be .
Thus there is no birth - and - death to be brought to an end .
Thus the absolute peace in this present moment .
Though it is at this moment , there is no limit to this moment , and herein lies eternal delight . "
Zen Master Seung Sahn elaborated on this topic in his excellent book The Compass of Zen ( p. 143 ) :
" Everyone thinks that this is extremely difficult teaching , something beyond their reach or experience .
How can things appear and disappear , and yet there is , originally , even in this constantly moving world , no appearing and disappearing ?
A student once asked me , ' The Mahaparinirvana - sutra seems very confusing .
Everything is always moving .
And yet everything is not moving ?
I do n't understand this Buddhism . . .'
But there is a very easy way to understand this : Sometime you go to a movie .
You see an action movie about a good man and a bad man-- lots of fighting , cars moving very fast , and explosions all over the place .
Everything is always moving very quickly .
Our daily lives have this quality : everything is constantly moving , coming and going , nonstop .
It seems like there is no stillness - place .
But this movie is really only a very long strip of film .
In one second , there are something like fourteen frames .
Each frame is a separate piece of action .
But in each frame , nothing is moving .
Everything is completely still .
Each frame , one by one , is a complete picture .
In each frame , nothing ever comes or goes , or appears or disappears .
Each frame is complete stillness .
The film projector moves the frames very quickly , and all of these frames run past the lens very fast , so the action on - screen seems to happen nonstop .
There is no break in the movement of things .
But actually when you take this strip of film and hold it up to the light with your hands , there is nothing moving at all .
Each frame is complete .
Each moment is completely not - moving action .
" Our minds and the whole universe are like that .
This world is impermanent .
Everything is always changing , changing , changing , moving , moving , moving , nonstop .
Even one second of our lives seems full of so much movement and change in this world that we see .
But your mind -- right now -- is like a lens whose shutter speed is one divided by infinite time .
We call that moment - mind .
If you attain that mind , then this whole world 's movement stops .
From moment to moment you can see this world completely stop .
Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop .
Like the film , you perceive every frame -- this moment -- which is infinitely still and complete .
In the frame , nothing is moving .
There is no time , and nothing appears or disappears in that box .
But this movie projector -- your thinking mind -- is always moving , around and around and around , so you experience this world as constantly moving and you constantly experience change , which is impermanence .
You lose moment - mind by following your conceptual thinking , believing that it is real . "
When you transcend your thinking mind in the realization of your own pure , timeless , ever - present Awareness , then the illusion of time completely collapses , and you become utterly Free of the samsaric cycle of time , change , impermanence , and suffering .
This , my friend , is nothing at all to be " depressed " about !
Rather , the fact that your own Buddha Mind exists beyond time , in THIS very moment , is itself the key to your permanent and eternal ( timeless ) Liberation .
Hope that helps !
-- Tom Huston
soulplex@aol.com
" To no longer resist the present is to see that there is nothing but the present -- no beginning , no end , nothing behind it , nothing in front of it .
When the past of memory and the future of anticipation are both seen to be present facts , then the slats to this present collapse .
The boundaries around this moment fall into this moment , and then there is nothing but this moment , with nowhere else to go . "
-- Ken Wilber , No Boundary , pp. 158-159
<< Thanks for all that info Soulplex , I found it very helpful .
There 's just a couple of things I 'm not too clear on .
If I 've missed the point somewhere please tell me .
When you used the movie analogy , do you mean we see the whole of our lives at once which is ' played as a movie ' to us so that the impression of impermenance and change appears , so that in effect impermenance does exist for someone who has n't attained Nirvana ?
Or am I frozen in time ?
The latter scares me quite a bit - is there still a ten year old version of me in frozen agony after falling out of a tree ?
Or are only fully enlightened people ' frozen ' contentedly in time ?
Remmy >>
Okay , that 's a good question , and I 'll try to answer it as clearly as possible .
First , impermanence does indeed exist for someone still trapped in Samsara ( as well as suffering , attachment , death , etc. -- all just names for the same condition ) , but it does n't exist in Nirvana ( and neither does its opposite , " permanence " ) .
Nirvana is beyond the duality of motion and stillness , and the way that 's experienced is that you feel that you ( Buddha Mind ) are absolutely still in the midst of a world of absolute motion , but the two do n't feel different or separate .
That 's the nondual , Mahayana Nirvana , in which the relative dualities of nirvana - and - samsara , life - and - death , subject - and - object , matter - and - consciousness , form - and - spirit are seen to be nondual or " one , " an inseparable unity .
( In the dualistic , Theravadin , relative nirvana , the two -- Buddha Mind and the world of form -- are felt to be different and separate , which is why the Mahayana criticizes the Theravadin view as limited and incomplete . )
Let me break that down a bit :
The whole world of form ( samsara ) is totally full of various degrees of motion and movement , so that even its " stillness " is n't absolutely still .
It 's only relatively still - - relative to other movements , like the " stillness " you feel now sitting on a chair , even though you 're zipping through space on a planetary body at thousands of miles per hour .
The world of formlessness ( nirvana ) , on the contrary , is absolutely still and tranquil , with no relative movement or relative stillness at all .
So you have the relative world of relative stillness - and - motion ( samsara ) , on the one hand , and the absolute world of absolute Stillness ( nirvana ) , on the other .
In the realization of nondual , Mahayana Enlightenment , these two worlds ( relative samsara and relative nirvana , or relative form and relative emptiness ) merge into a perfect Unity of Absolute Emptiness or Absolute Nirvana , and then there is neither motion nor stillness , or you can say that there is both of them together ( as I explained in the first paragraph ) , or you can say neither of those and give the logically precise answer : silence .
The Madhyamika Shastra ( XV.3 ) put it best :
" It can not be called void or not void ,
Or both or neither ;
But in order to point it out ,
It is called ‘ the Void . ’ "
As for the filmstrip analogy . . .
Yes , you do experience the whole of your life as " played at once , " but all that really means is that your life only happens right now , always in this single , eternal context called Now ( which is really just another name for the Absolute or Buddha Mind ) .
The " now " when the Big Bang happened , the " now " when Gautama Buddha died , the " now " when you were born into this life , and the " now " when you 'll be reading these words -- these are one and the same moment , the same motionless Now .
You can picture this " Now " -- which is your own Buddha Mind , your own natural Awareness -- as a vast blue sky , and the world of time and change is just a little tiny cloud passing within it .
The " Now " is eternal and still ; it never changes or moves , since it is the infinite clearing or space in which all change and movement happens .
The cloud arises , the cloud stays a bit , and the cloud goes , but the vast empty sky remains untouched by it .
This is exactly how your present experience is : you are the vast empty sky and this whole universe is a tiny cloud within you .
Through the blinding power of innate ignorance , however , you have forgotten your true nature as the motionless sky and mistakenly identified yourself as the ever - changing cloud ( or a small part of the cloud ) .
A Theravadin - level enlightenment will reverse this mistake by showing you that you are really the empty sky , and a Mahayanin , nondual Enlightenment will show you that the sky and the cloud are not separate or different .
The cloud arises out of , and within , the sky , and is ultimately made of " sky essence , " so to speak .
( It 's the same as the old " mirror " analogy : your mind is perfectly clear mirror , and the world is reflected in it .
You first must discover that you are the mirror and become free of the reflections ; then you must discover that the reflections are not separate from the mirror .
At that point you become Free as the Absolute Unity of mirror - and - reflections together . )
Now , to use the movie analogy , imagine that Awareness is a movie screen and this world of form is a projected display of light that appears on the screen .
The frames appear on the screen , one at a time , in rapid succession , and the screen contains each of them as they appear .
One frame of light appears on the screen , stays a fraction of a second , and disappears -- and the screen only reflects one frame at a time .
Now here 's where the analogy gets complicated ( and where you got confused ) :
The movie screen and filmstrip reel all occur in time ; Awareness and the appearance of the world , however , are the genesis of time .
There 's really no " reel " or " strip " of film appearing on the screen all at once , but rather a single frame every instant , with each instantly replacing the previous one -- even though its the same motionless screen they all appear on .
So when you become identified with the screen ( Awareness ) , you do n't experience every single frame that ever appeared on the screen -- they 've all long since disappeared back into the nothingness from which they sprang .
No , what you experience is the realization that this very screen is the same screen that has been reflecting frames of movie light since the beginning of the movie itself ( and that the screen , naturally , also exists before and after the movie ) .
You become identified with Awareness -- which is completely beyond time -- and you realize that it is eternal , that it is ever - present , that it has no beginning and no end , that it is the same " Now " in which all experiences have previously come and gone , presently come and go , and will in the future come and go , eternally so .
And then , if you break through to complete , nondual Enlightenment , you discover that the frames of movie light ARE the screen -- that the two are n't separate , or even essentially different in any way -- and then you see that there is only Now , only the screen - and - present - frame Unity , and so whatever frame happens to be present is the only frame there is .
" Past " and " future " are revealed to be mental fantasies -- present mental fantasies -- and the only reality is always the present reality , with no real " frames " existing anyway before or after it .
So there 's no frame somewhere of a ten - year - old version of you falling out of a tree ; that 's only a memory now , and that 's all it is .
It exists nowhere but in your mind .
( For this analogy we 've done away with the projection booth , the projector , the reel of film , the viewer of the movie , etc . )
That 's what Zen Master Seung Sahn meant by his " you see the whole world stop .
Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. . . . "
When there is really ONLY the present moment , the present frame , then that 's all you can see .
And the present frame is always completely motionless , even though the frames give an illusion of sequential continuity ( and your conceptual mind superimposes an illusion of movement and change ) .
Enlightened people do n't live " ' frozen ' contentedly in time , " as you suggested , but rather fluid and alive beyond the illusion of time altogether !
There 's nothing extraordinary about this .
In fact , whether you feel you 're Enlightened or not , you 're experiencing it right now ( when else could you experience it ?
when else could you experience anything ? ) .
Right now , as you sit here reading these words , the whole world is completely motionless , completely new , and completely silent .
Nothing is changing .
Nothing is moving .
Nothing is happening at all .
In fact , nothing has EVER happened !
Not now , and therefore not ever .
The world is totally silent , and everything is at peace .
And yet -- how can this be ?
It seems absurd , does n't it ?
You can move your hands and arms around , perhaps you can crank up some loud rock music to drown out the supposed " silence , " and it all seems perfectly obvious that things are happening , things are changing .
But look a little closer .
Hold your hand in front of you .
Now clench your hand into a fist .
Now release the fist and move your fingers around .
It certainly appeared as though the hand were moving , did n't it ?
But we 're not interested in appearances , here ; we want the reality .
And the reality of your hand - moving experiment is that it was a completely different hand every instant , even when " you " were n't moving it !
On the surface , maybe this seems obvious : electrons in the hand were spinning at the speed of light ; blood was flowing through the veins and capillaries ; neurotransmitters were zipping instructions across the synapses , thereby engaging muscles to move .
Lots of things about your supposedly static " hand " were changing .
Of course , people can brush this off and say , " Yeah , okay , but it 's still the same hand , even if it changes constantly . "
But take it even further :
Were electrons really spinning , causing that subtle change in your " hand " every fraction of a nanosecond ?
Were n't the electrons themselves also changing , with quarks spinning and such , so that , going all the way down , to the level of universal gravitational influences or quantum nonlocality , everything even remotely related to your hand was changing ?
This leads to a rather shaky image of your outwardly static " hand , " but perhaps we can solidify it somewhat if we analyze exactly what we mean by " change . "
Basically , change means a transformation of some kind , of a single phenomenon transforming into a different arrangement of that same phenomenon .
But are there any single phenomena ?
Did n't we just show , with the example of the quantum hand , that everything is interconnected , somehow affecting everything else in some manner , no matter how subtly ?
And , even if there are distinct and separate phenomena , do any of them actually change ?
Take that same hand , for example .
If we did n't have the mental concept " hand , " how would we describe it ?
If we could see that the phenomenon is actually completely new and distinct every instant , with no static mental symbol ( to say nothing of memories ) to hold the distinct appearances together , would we perceive these new and distinct appearances as a changing phenomenon ?
With no concepts and no memories superimposed on the world , does anything really change ?
Are there even any separate " things " that could change ?
Is n't it all really just one seamless display -- like , say , a movie frame - - of a completely new and distinct universe , arising and disappearing in an infinitely rapid succession ?
( With a shutter speed of " one divided by infinite time , " as Zen Master Seung Sahn says . )
" A man can not step in the same river twice , " said the Greek mystic Heraclitus , and the secret of life , the universe , and everything is contained in that simple statement .
-- tom
p.s. Here are some quotes that may clear up any lingering confusion :
Frankreich Zaubertrank soll Alkoholspiegel senken
Neben Wein , Schnaps und Bier werden französische Supermärkte wohl bald auch kleine Fläschchen mit einem besonderen Elixier in die Regale räumen : " Security Feel Better " .
Der Wundertrunk aus der Artischocke soll den Alkoholabbau um das Drei- bis Sechsfache beschleunigen .
Jackass of the Week : Paul Thurrott
Paul Thurrott has published a price comparison between the Mac Pro and Dell Precision workstations , with the goal of configuring “ two nearly identical systems as cheaply as possible ” .
His original post , now corrected , showed the Dell coming out cheaper , but he inexplicably configured the Dell with a cheaper processor in that comparison .
In the updated post , with both systems configured with 3.0 GHz Xeon CPUs , the Mac Pro comes out $ 500 cheaper .
But even still , he has configured the Dell as a ( cheaper ) 32 - bit system , justifying it thusly :
Note : A number of readers suggested I configure the Dell as a 64 - bit workstation .
While that ’s possible , that ’s not exactly a mainstream configuration these days on the Windows side .
Ordinarily , this would n’t quite be enough to garner Jackass of the Week honors ( especially since Tiger , the shipping version of Mac OS X , only offers 64 - bit support at the POSIX layer ) .
What puts Thurrott over the top is the hypocrisy of his “ 64 - bit is n’t mainstream on Windows ” justification .
Last week , regarding the vastly improved 64 - bit support in Mac OS X 10.5 announced at WWDC , Thurrott himself wrote :
Thanks to the 64 - bit Xeon chip that will be shipping in the new Mac Pro systems , Leopard will be fully 64 - bit enabled ( unlike Tiger , which is only partially 64 - bit and then only on certain Power PC [ sic ] systems ) .
That means that OS X will finally do what Windows XP x64 Edition did last year : Run 32 - bit and 64 - bit applications natively , side - by - side .
Good for them .
So when the feature was announced at WWDC , it was a catch - up feature that Thurrott claims put Apple two years behind Microsoft .
But when it would have made Dell look even worse in a side - by - side pricing comparison , it ’s “ not exactly a mainstream configuration ” .
Jackass .
By James Westhead
BBC News , Washington
The US says it aims to cut troop numbers in the Middle East
The " Long War " is the name Washington is using to rebrand the new world conflict , this time against terrorism .
Now the US military is revealing details of how it is planning to fight this very different type of war .
It is also preparing the public for a global conflict which it believes will dominate the next 20 years .
The nerve centre of this war against terror is the huge MacDill airbase in Tampa , Florida .
Surrounded by white sand beaches , palm trees and two golf courses it looks more like a holiday camp than a military camp .
But inside US Central Command ( Centcom ) generals are planning what they call " fourth - generational warfare " .
Centcom is already responsible for operations in the Middle East , South Asia and Africa - as well as the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan - and now it is planning a campaign that will eventually span the globe .
Aiming at al - Qaeda
The man behind what the US military calls its " principles of the Long War " is Brig Gen Mark Kimmitt .
Gen Kimmitt , Centcom 's deputy director of plans and strategy , told BBC News : " Even if Iraq stabilised tomorrow the Long War would continue . "
I 'm an artillery officer , and I can't fire cannons at the internet .
Our future posture is still being worked out
Brig Gen Mark Kimmitt
US Central Command
To achieve victory the US military will have to change dramatically , he says .
Like the terrorists it will have to build international networks , Gen Kimmitt says , making better use of " soft power " - diplomacy , finance , trade and technology .
" I'm an artillery officer , and I can't fire cannons at the internet , " he says , referring to what he sees as one of the key weapons of the modern age .
Instead , he argues that the US military must try to break down " old mind - sets and bureaucracies " and build new relationships with other agencies - like the FBI , the police and the state department - through what in military jargon are called " joint inter - agency task forces " .
Improved posture
The theory is that the military cannot fight alone against such a nimble and deadly foe as al - Qaeda , and must build a new kind of worldwide network as flexible and smart as its enemy .
As a result Gen Kimmitt predicts a much lower profile for traditional US forces .
Donald Rumsfeld has long pushed for transformation of the military
" Our future posture is still being worked out , " he says .
" But I would like to see to the number of troops in the Middle East cut to a fraction of the current 300,000 , by at least a half . "
The US military is planning a big increase in the role of special forces , the smaller , specially - trained teams able to speak local languages - including Arabic - deploy rapidly and work with the armies of other nations .
Trailer park diplomacy
Outside Centcom sits a symbol of the new approach and its complexity - a large trailer park with fluttering flags atop each trailer representing each of the 63 nations represented at Centcom , from Denmark to El Salvador .
Inside each trailer , a small team of military liaison officers shares information with their American colleagues and co-ordinates action in Iraq , Afghanistan and throughout the region .
According to an American general working with the coalition , the aim is to maintain this loose - knit arrangement to fight the global war on terror .
" We want to make it a lasting organisation , " he said .
" We do n't want it to dissolve like it did after Desert Shield and Desert Storm . "
The US hopes coalition - building can help win the " Long War "
France and Germany , for example , opposed the war in Iraq .
Rear Adm Jacques Mazars , the French representative at Centcom , says French and American forces co-operate more successfully on the ground than their politicians .
But , he said , running a coalition for a sustained period would be hard .
" On the conceptual level we can agree , " he said .
" There will be a long war to be won .
But on the practical level it will be harder . "
One regular cause of tension among the allies is the sharing of sensitive intelligence .
" There are some things you would n't share with a neighbour and even an ally , " one senior US officer said .
There are signs that despite the difficulties , the new coalition against terror is here to stay .
The Pentagon admits its vision is not yet fully realised , but it has already started work on a new building in the MacDill complex , providing a bricks - and - mortar home for the international occupants of the trailer park .
" I can't see there ever being a completely homogenous coalition dealing with worldwide terror , " said Col Mark Bibbey , the chief of staff of the British mission at Centcom .
" The 63 nations are not signed up to the same view on everything . "
But he added : " You 've got to start somewhere .
You have to plan ahead .
You have to be driving in a particular direction .
If we do n't start driving now or soon , we 'll be behind the curve . "
Go to the web site to view the video .
Video of Steve Jobs ’ Commencement address on June 12 , 2005 .
I am honored to be with you today at your commencement from one of the finest universities in the world .
I never graduated from college .
Truth be told , this is the closest I ’ve ever gotten to a college graduation .
Today I want to tell you three stories from my life .
That ’s it .
No big deal .
Just three stories .
Related to this story 2005 Stanford Commencement coverage
The first story is about connecting the dots .
I dropped out of Reed College after the first 6 months , but then stayed around as a drop - in for another 18 months or so before I really quit .
So why did I drop out ?
It started before I was born .
My biological mother was a young , unwed college graduate student , and she decided to put me up for adoption .
She felt very strongly that I should be adopted by college graduates , so everything was all set for me to be adopted at birth by a lawyer and his wife .
Except that when I popped out they decided at the last minute that they really wanted a girl .
So my parents , who were on a waiting list , got a call in the middle of the night asking : “ We have an unexpected baby boy ; do you want him ? ”
They said : “ Of course . ”
My biological mother later found out that my mother had never graduated from college and that my father had never graduated from high school .
She refused to sign the final adoption papers .
She only relented a few months later when my parents promised that I would someday go to college .
And 17 years later I did go to college .
But I naively chose a college that was almost as expensive as Stanford , and all of my working - class parents ’ savings were being spent on my college tuition .
After six months , I could n’t see the value in it .
I had no idea what I wanted to do with my life and no idea how college was going to help me figure it out .
And here I was spending all of the money my parents had saved their entire life .
So I decided to drop out and trust that it would all work out OK .
It was pretty scary at the time , but looking back it was one of the best decisions I ever made .
The minute I dropped out I could stop taking the required classes that did n’t interest me , and begin dropping in on the ones that looked interesting .
It was n’t all romantic .
I did n’t have a dorm room , so I slept on the floor in friends ’ rooms , I returned Coke bottles for the 5 ¢ deposits to buy food with , and I would walk the 7 miles across town every Sunday night to get one good meal a week at the Hare Krishna temple .
I loved it .
And much of what I stumbled into by following my curiosity and intuition turned out to be priceless later on .
Let me give you one example :
Reed College at that time offered perhaps the best calligraphy instruction in the country .
Throughout the campus every poster , every label on every drawer , was beautifully hand calligraphed .
Because I had dropped out and did n’t have to take the normal classes , I decided to take a calligraphy class to learn how to do this .
I learned about serif and sans serif typefaces , about varying the amount of space between different letter combinations , about what makes great typography great .
It was beautiful , historical , artistically subtle in a way that science can’t capture , and I found it fascinating .
None of this had even a hope of any practical application in my life .
But 10 years later , when we were designing the first Macintosh computer , it all came back to me .
And we designed it all into the Mac .
It was the first computer with beautiful typography .
If I had never dropped in on that single course in college , the Mac would have never had multiple typefaces or proportionally spaced fonts .
And since Windows just copied the Mac , it ’s likely that no personal computer would have them .
If I had never dropped out , I would have never dropped in on this calligraphy class , and personal computers might not have the wonderful typography that they do .
Of course it was impossible to connect the dots looking forward when I was in college .
But it was very , very clear looking backward 10 years later .
Again , you ca n’t connect the dots looking forward ; you can only connect them looking backward .
So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future .
You have to trust in something — your gut , destiny , life , karma , whatever .
This approach has never let me down , and it has made all the difference in my life .
My second story is about love and loss .
I was lucky — I found what I loved to do early in life .
Woz and I started Apple in my parents ’ garage when I was 20 .
We worked hard , and in 10 years Apple had grown from just the two of us in a garage into a $ 2 billion company with over 4,000 employees .
We had just released our finest creation — the Macintosh — a year earlier , and I had just turned 30 .
And then I got fired .
How can you get fired from a company you started ?
Well , as Apple grew we hired someone who I thought was very talented to run the company with me , and for the first year or so things went well .
But then our visions of the future began to diverge and eventually we had a falling out .
When we did , our Board of Directors sided with him .
So at 30 I was out .
And very publicly out .
What had been the focus of my entire adult life was gone , and it was devastating .
I really did n’t know what to do for a few months .
I felt that I had let the previous generation of entrepreneurs down — that I had dropped the baton as it was being passed to me .
I met with David Packard and Bob Noyce and tried to apologize for screwing up so badly .
I was a very public failure , and I even thought about running away from the valley .
But something slowly began to dawn on me — I still loved what I did .
The turn of events at Apple had not changed that one bit .
I had been rejected , but I was still in love .
And so I decided to start over .
I did n’t see it then , but it turned out that getting fired from Apple was the best thing that could have ever happened to me .
The heaviness of being successful was replaced by the lightness of being a beginner again , less sure about everything .
It freed me to enter one of the most creative periods of my life .
During the next five years , I started a company named NeXT , another company named Pixar , and fell in love with an amazing woman who would become my wife .
Pixar went on to create the world ’s first computer animated feature film , Toy Story , and is now the most successful animation studio in the world .
In a remarkable turn of events , Apple bought NeXT , I returned to Apple , and the technology we developed at NeXT is at the heart of Apple ’s current renaissance .
And Laurene and I have a wonderful family together .
I ’m pretty sure none of this would have happened if I had n’t been fired from Apple .
It was awful tasting medicine , but I guess the patient needed it .
Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick .
Do n’t lose faith .
I ’m convinced that the only thing that kept me going was that I loved what I did .
You ’ve got to find what you love .
And that is as true for your work as it is for your lovers .
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life , and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work .
And the only way to do great work is to love what you do .
If you have n’t found it yet , keep looking .
Do n’t settle .
As with all matters of the heart , you ’ll know when you find it .
And , like any great relationship , it just gets better and better as the years roll on .
So keep looking until you find it .
Do n’t settle .
My third story is about death .
When I was 17 , I read a quote that went something like : “ If you live each day as if it was your last , someday you ’ll most certainly be right . ”
It made an impression on me , and since then , for the past 33 years , I have looked in the mirror every morning and asked myself : “ If today were the last day of my life , would I want to do what I am about to do today ? ”
And whenever the answer has been “ No ” for too many days in a row , I know I need to change something .
Remembering that I ’ll be dead soon is the most important tool I ’ve ever encountered to help me make the big choices in life .
Because almost everything — all external expectations , all pride , all fear of embarrassment or failure — these things just fall away in the face of death , leaving only what is truly important .
Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose .
You are already naked .
There is no reason not to follow your heart .
About a year ago I was diagnosed with cancer .
I had a scan at 7:30 in the morning , and it clearly showed a tumor on my pancreas .
I did n’t even know what a pancreas was .
The doctors told me this was almost certainly a type of cancer that is incurable , and that I should expect to live no longer than three to six months .
My doctor advised me to go home and get my affairs in order , which is doctor ’s code for prepare to die .
It means to try to tell your kids everything you thought you ’d have the next 10 years to tell them in just a few months .
It means to make sure everything is buttoned up so that it will be as easy as possible for your family .
It means to say your goodbyes .
I lived with that diagnosis all day .
Later that evening I had a biopsy , where they stuck an endoscope down my throat , through my stomach and into my intestines , put a needle into my pancreas and got a few cells from the tumor .
I was sedated , but my wife , who was there , told me that when they viewed the cells under a microscope the doctors started crying because it turned out to be a very rare form of pancreatic cancer that is curable with surgery .
I had the surgery and I ’m fine now .
This was the closest I ’ve been to facing death , and I hope it ’s the closest I get for a few more decades .
Having lived through it , I can now say this to you with a bit more certainty than when death was a useful but purely intellectual concept :
No one wants to die .
Even people who want to go to heaven do n’t want to die to get there .
And yet death is the destination we all share .
No one has ever escaped it .
And that is as it should be , because Death is very likely the single best invention of Life .
It is Life ’s change agent .
It clears out the old to make way for the new .
Right now the new is you , but someday not too long from now , you will gradually become the old and be cleared away .
Sorry to be so dramatic , but it is quite true .
Your time is limited , so do n’t waste it living someone else ’s life .
Do n’t be trapped by dogma — which is living with the results of other people ’s thinking .
Do n’t let the noise of others ’ opinions drown out your own inner voice .
And most important , have the courage to follow your heart and intuition .
They somehow already know what you truly want to become .
Everything else is secondary .
When I was young , there was an amazing publication called The Whole Earth Catalog , which was one of the bibles of my generation .
It was created by a fellow named Stewart Brand not far from here in Menlo Park , and he brought it to life with his poetic touch .
This was in the late 1960s , before personal computers and desktop publishing , so it was all made with typewriters , scissors and Polaroid cameras .
It was sort of like Google in paperback form , 35 years before Google came along :
It was idealistic , and overflowing with neat tools and great notions .
Stewart and his team put out several issues of The Whole Earth Catalog , and then when it had run its course , they put out a final issue .
It was the mid-1970s , and I was your age .
On the back cover of their final issue was a photograph of an early morning country road , the kind you might find yourself hitchhiking on if you were so adventurous .
Beneath it were the words : “ Stay Hungry .
Stay Foolish . ”
It was their farewell message as they signed off .
Stay Hungry .
Stay Foolish .
And I have always wished that for myself .
And now , as you graduate to begin anew , I wish that for you .
Stay Hungry .
Stay Foolish .
Thank you all very much .
PSA a draplin / coudal joint
Put a
Cork In It
After reading a story in the NYT , Jim's wife Heidi came up with a method to fight back against the obnoxious cell phone users that we all have to deal with in stores , restaurants , trains and pretty much everywhere else .
Can design ride to the rescue ?
Jim and the incomparable Aaron Draplin think it can .
So , as a public service , we introduce the reasonably polite SHHH , the Society for HandHeld Hushing .
Quiet in the Press
JC did a live interview on Australian Radio National Breakfast , about our Dear Cell ( Mobile ) Phone User Cards on January 26 .
' Shhh ' in an article for St. Louis Post Dispatch .
Jim , " My own take on it is that people who have private conversations in public have the ability to completely cut out the rest of the world and be selfish .
Unfortunately the rest of the world does n't have the reciprocal ability . "
Rachel Metz posted a nice story on cell - phone manners or the lack thereof at Wired News this morning and our " Dear Cell Phone User " cards got a prominent mention .
JC , " We do n't really want to be responsible for a confrontation in the shoe department of Nordstrom 's or anything . "
G4TechTV's
The Screen Savers did a nice story about the cards in their January 13th episode .
Unfortunately , we did n't know it was going to be on until several days after it aired .
So if anybody has a TiVo and got a copy of it , we 'd love to take a look !
Talk to us at info at coudal .
A great write - up appeared in the Tampa Bay Times on December 24th .
" We 've all had that awkward moment when we overhear someone 's personal cell phone conversation .
Now we have the power to stop it . "
In between talk of Blu-ray DVDs , a story about humans sharing sixty percent of their genes with chickens , and reporting the real reason people in England are ordering broadband internet service , The San Jose Mercury News talked up the " Dear Cell Phone User " cards .
( Reg. required )
Ragingpundit.com went so far as to call the " Dear Cell Phone User " cards , " ... one of the greatest inventions thus far in the 21st century . "
We 're pretty confident they 're right , but it 's still early in the century , so you 've got to figure at least one or two things will come somewhat close to its level of perfection in the next hundred years .
研究者もキャリアデザインを――国立情報学研究所（NII）と人工知能学会の研究者で構成する「研究人生を楽しむ会」は4月20日、IT系の研究者人生をシミュレートするゲーム「 Happy Academic Life 2006 」 を開発したと発表した。
少子化の影響で大学教授ポストが減少し、公的研究機関で任期制の採用が進むなど、研究者キャリアの不安定さが増している。一方、若手がキャリアを考える機会は少ないといい、ゲームをプレイすることで、キャリアデザインの参考にしてもらう狙いだ。
人工知能学会創設20周年事業として、30代の若手を中心とした6人の研究者で開発した。プレイ人数は3〜5人のボードゲームで、助手からスタートし、理想の教授像というゴールを目指す。
ゴールは、学内で地位を高める「学内政治型」、多くの学生を育てる「教育者型」、高度な論文を発表する「業績卓越型」、ポスドクを一度も雇わずに論文をたくさん書く「悠々自適型」など7種類。
プレーヤーは順番にサイコロを振り、止まった目のカードを引く。カードは「学会 」「学内 」 「資金 」 「 チャンス 」 「プライベート」の5種類で、例えば学会カードなら「学会理事を頼まれる」、資金なら「補助金をもらう」などと書かれている。
資金を集めたり、学会活動をして「人脈ポイント」を貯めたり、学内活動をして「学内ポイント」を貯めたりしながら論文を発表し、キャリアを積み上げる。ポイントや資金は、新たな研究テーマに着手する際や、昇進時に必要になる。
ただし、それぞれの活動時には「持ち時間」（600時間）を消費する。ポイント獲得と研究活動にかける時間のバランスを取りつつ、学生を育てたり、研究成果を積み上げるなどして理想のゴールを目指す。
開発メンバーは全員ともゲーム制作は初めて。1年かけて開発し、研究者にテストしてもらいながら完成させた。プレイした研究者からは「勉強になった」「面白い 」
「身につまされる」などという感想が寄せられたという。
人工知能学会誌の5月1日号の付録として配布する。学会員以外も入手できる体制も、今後整える計画だ。
関連リンク 研究人生を楽しむ 会
A team of scientists at the Scripps Research Institute reported in Science last week that only a couple of mutations might be needed to enable the H5 virus to make this switch to the alpha 2 - 6 receptor .
This is the about same number of mutations made by the H1 , H2 and H3 viruses when they adapted to infect people .
Since viruses mutate fast , a two - mutation step is not such a big hurdle .
Because the H5 virus has killed about half of the 187 people it has infected , " a lot of its genes are already optimized for virulence , " said James C. Paulson , a member of the Scripps team .
For H5 to become pandemic , " the key gene that needs to be mutated is the HA gene , " he said , referring to the hemagglutinin gene that makes the protein probe used by the virus to latch onto a cell 's receptor sites .
Though H5 may seem only a couple of steps from transmissibility among people , many virologists believe mutations in several other genes would be necessary as well , even though those changes are not yet well understood .
Viruses find it difficult to switch hosts , and though they may quite often cause outbreaks in just a few individuals , " viruses that produce a self - sustaining chain of transmission in the new host appear rare , " Dr. Kawaoka writes in the current Annual Review of Microbiology .
" Most of these transfers are dead ends , " he said .
The H5 virus has been present in the human population since the late 1950's , said Dr. Offit of Children 's Hospital , but has never acquired the full set of mutations needed to set off a pandemic .
Such epidemiological evidence " should make us feel safe that there 's a substantial barrier , " he said , noting the small number of people who have been infected .
Dr. Offit said it was a good thing to worry about the next flu pandemic , given that about three can be expected every century .
" What 's not good is to try to sell the public on their fear of pandemic flu being this particular bird flu , since if it's not , crying wolf will lose you credibility , " he said .
Peter Palese , a virologist at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine , said he did not believe the H5 virus could infect people except when they were exposed to large doses , for example , by sleeping in the same room as chickens .
" I feel strongly that H5 has been around in humans for a long time and never caused a pandemic , suggesting that this is not the virus which is likely to be the next pandemic , " he said .
But like Dr. Offit , Dr. Palese said he fully supported plans for better preparations for the next flu pandemic , whatever its source .
" People have to understand we are not really prepared should it come , " he said .
How to stop hot linkers wasting your bandwidth
Some rodent in the EA games forum decided to use a direct link to my logo as his profile image , thus wasting my bandwidth , so I decided to teach him a lesson using Apache ’s mod_rewrite .
After reading up on it ’s cryptic syntax , and having many horrific flashbacks to Perl development of days gone by , I added this to my .htaccess : RewriteCond %{HTTP_REFERER} ^http://forum\.eagames\.co\.uk/ [ NC ] RewriteRule media/logo.jpg media/twit.jpg [ L ]
And now his profile image looks like this : Et Voila !
Mod_rewrite guide on Apache.orgTutorial – Stopping hotlinking completely
The offender – search for ‘ ninjamonkey ’ Update : Apparently this has been done before .
This can happen on the net , what with billions of people and all .
But to those grumpy old men who ’ve been whining that there are posts with better writeups : all the posts I ’ve seen are long , boring , and not nearly as funny .
So if you really know of a better one , put it in the comments here or go back to yelling at the kids on your front lawn .
Update 2 : Youpi at reddit suggested a Goatse redirect .
An excellent idea !
However , that would involve me finding a Goatse image and testing it , most likely resulting in me blowing chunks into my lovely Apple keyboard .
An unpleasant prospect at best , especially since I have never seen the Goatse image and hope to live out the rest of my days that way .
Dhoom 2 ( trailer ) looks rock solid !
Posted on August 22 , 2006 .
Filed under : Bike mark , movies , music , Teen life , Wars |
I liked Dhoom a lot , when it was released in 2004 .
But now with Dhoom 2 coming up , Dhoom looks bleak in comparision .
With Hritik as the antagonist along with Aishwarya Rai… I think those theatre screens are gonna burn !
Here ’s a trailer I found on You Tube , Hritik looks mad cool , his best look ever , Ash is herself , Uday still looks like an idiot but I do n’t like Abhisek Bachan ’s look .
The music is red hot .
Some of the biggest stars in Indian cinema are gonna go head to head in Dhoom 2 , with the tagline …
D:2 Back in Action … .
Watch the trailer , then judge .
Technorati tags : dhoom dhoom2 trailer dhoom2 + trailer aishwarya hritik abhishek bipasha bikes cool
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Make a Comment
Comments RSS
Feed
Where 's The Comment Form ?
By Richard Black
Environment Correspondent , BBC News website
Tidal and wave have got to supply 20 % of Britain 's needs ; if we do n't , we 've got a big problem
Martin Wright
The Carbon Trust , which helps firms develop low - emission technologies , urges the government to increase support for wave and tidal concepts .
They are currently costly ways of generating electricity but the Trust 's report says prices will come down .
Investment now could help Britain establish a global lead in these technologies , it says .
In its 18 - month research programme the Trust has looked at wave and tidal stream generation , leaving out other approaches to tidal power such as barrages which it describes as " mature " .
A barrage on the Rance estuary in northern France has been operating since the 1960s but the concept has been restricted by concerns over cost and local environmental impact .
Wave - based devices generate electricity from movements of the sea surface , whereas tidal stream installations sit on the sea floor and use the regular ebb and flow of tides .
" Wave and tidal stream technologies are at an earlier stage of development than solar and wind which are more mature , " said the Carbon Trust 's programme engineer , John Callaghan .
" It will cost more than other renewables for the first few hundred megawatts generated , but beyond that there is potential for costs to reduce , " he told the BBC News website .
Powerful sites
Despite Britain's long shoreline and the vast power contained in its breakers and tides , the Carbon Trust believes only about one fifth of the country 's electricity could economically come from the sea .
The tidal flow at Strangford Narrows will soon be generating electricity
These figures compare to the current UK total consumption of 350TWh per year .
" You need a good site for wave or tidal energy , but you also need access to the site , you need a grid connection , " said John Callaghan .
" There is particular potential in north - west Scotland and south - west England ; about half of the total tidal stream resource is in the Pentland Firth [ between the Scottish mainland and the Orkney Islands ] . "
The report says the government should increase support for these incipient technologies and develop " a clear long - term policy framework of support to the sector to give greater investment certainty " .
While the Department of Trade and Industry does provide financial incentives , the government 's energy review , launched on Monday , barely mentions marine technologies .
' Sea-change '
Currently , only a handful of wave and tidal stream devices are installed around the UK .
Scotland hosts two prototype wave machines , the Pelamis deep - water system and the Limpet shoreline device , while Marine Current Turbines has been testing a prototype tidal stream concept in Devon and is about to install a commercial device at Strangford Narrows in Northern Ireland .
" We do believe that very quickly we can get down to the same costs as offshore wind , " said Marine Current Turbines managing director Martin Wright .
More importantly , he says , assumptions about energy within Britain have undergone a sea-change .
" There has always been an assumption that the price of energy was going to be low - two and a half pence per kWh - and we had to drive downwards towards that price , " he told the BBC News website .
He added : " There was no conception we'd be entering a world where energy was short ; now it 's becoming clear that for the first time in history we are going to become a considerable energy importer , with concentration of fossil fuels in a few hands , such as Russia with natural gas .
" We 're now entering a stage where tidal and wave have got to supply 20 % of Britain 's needs ; if we do n't , we 've got a big problem . "
According to the Carbon Trust , the benefits of ramping up investment in marine generation would be considerable , providing not only a reliable source of power , but the chance of dominating a global market in the same way that Danish companies took an early lead in the wind turbine industry .
Richard .
Black-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
The Problem
of in - situ sorting with
minimal auxiliary space
in minimal time .
Introduction In " Mathematical Analysis of Algorithms " , ( Information Processing ' 71 , North Holland Publ . ' 72 ) Donald Knuth remarked " ... that research on computional complexity is an interesting way to sharpen our tools for more routine problems we face from day to day . "
With respect to the sorting problem , Knuth points out , that time effective in - situ permutation is inherently connected with the problem of finding the cycle leaders , and in - situ permutations could easily be performed in O ( n ) time if we would be allowed to manipulate n extra " tag " bits specifying how much of the permutation has been carried out at any time .
Without such tag bits , he concludes " it seems reasonable to conjecture that every algorithm will require for in - situ permutation at least n log n steps on the average " .
Now this conjecture is shown not to be valid .
A new efficient way to find cycle leaders is presented and in - situ permutations can be performed in optimal time .
The algorithm FlashSort sorts in O ( n ) time without the manipulation of n extra " tag " bits .
Here an auxiliary vector of only length m is required , where m is a small fraction of the number of elements n .
Landis faces an uncertain future
The American 's Phonak team dismissed Landis on Saturday when it was confirmed he produced levels more than twice the legal limit after stage 17 .
Landis , 30 , has said the high levels detected were a " natural occurrence " .
Spaniard Oscar Pereiro will be declared the winner of the Tour de France if Landis is stripped of the title .
Pereiro was second overall behind Landis in the race , which finished in Paris on 23 July , and would become the first Spaniard to win the Tour since Miguel Indurain in 1995 .
LOWDOWN ON LANDIS 1975 , October : Born Lancaster County , Pennsylvania 1990 : Buys first mountain bike 1992 : Junior National Mountain Bike champion 1993 : US National Mountain Bike champion 1995 : Moves to California 1998 : Switches to road racing 1999 : Joins Mercury pro team 2000 : Wins Tour du Poitou - Charentes 2002 : Joins US Postal , races in first Tour de France 2003 , Jan : Breaks hip in crash 2003 , July : Helps Armstrong win fourth Tour de France 2004 : Wins Tour d'Algarve 2005 : Joins Phonak , finishes ninth in Tour de France Mar 2006 : Wins Paris - Nice 23 July : Wins Tour de France 27 July : Tests positive for testosterone
The official decision to strip Landis of the victory rests with the International Cycling Union ( UCI ) , but Tour de France director Christian Prudhomme said : " It goes without saying that for us Floyd Landis is no longer the winner of the 2006 Tour de France . "
Landis said in a statement : " I have never taken any banned substance , including testosterone .
" I was the strongest man at the Tour de France , and that is why I am the champion .
" I will fight these charges with the same determination and intensity that I bring to my training and racing .
" It is now my goal to clear my name and restore what I worked so hard to achieve . "
His lawyer Howard Jacobs added : " In consultation with some of the leading medical and scientific experts , we will prove that Floyd Landis 's victory in the 2006 Tour de France was not aided in any respect by the use of any banned substances . "
A Phonak statement said : " Landis will be dismissed without notice for violating the teams internal Code of Ethics .
" Landis will continue to have legal options to contest the findings .
However , this will be his personal affair and the Phonak team will no longer be involved in that . "
We will explain to the world why this is not a doping case
Floyd Landis speaking last week
The analysis of Landis ' B sample took place at France 's national laboratory at Chatenay - Malabry in the presence of the American 's Spanish lawyer , Jose Maria Buxeda , and experts from the United States Anti-Doping Agency ( USADA ) and the UCI .
" In accordance to the anti-doping rules , the Anti-Doping Commission of the UCI will request that the USA Cycling Federation open a disciplinary procedure against the rider , " the UCI said in a statement .
According to the good behaviour charter of professional cycling , Landis would not be allowed into a Pro Tour team for a further two years .
He now has 10 days to respond to the documents that are provided , according to USADA rules .
Landis ' lawyers could then take the matter to the Court of Arbitration for Sport ( CAS ) .
Those documents , Landis 's response and any documents USADA would provide will go to a review panel some time after the 10 days .
The review panel will make a recommendation whether or not there is a case .
USADA , based on that recommendation , will then decide whether to charge Landis .
If USADA does charge him , he will have an opportunity to contest that decision and the recommended sanction before a US panel of judges .
The American 's future was already uncertain given he is due to have a hip replacement operation shortly .
Speaking in Madrid last week , he said the testosterone was " absolutely natural and produced by my own organism " .
Landis produced one of the most memorable displays in Tour history when he stormed to victory on the 17th stage of the Tour into Morzine by almost six minutes .
The win put him back into contention for the yellow jersey a day after his chances looked to have evaporated when he cracked on the final climb of stage 16 .
But a two - year ban could spell the end of his career .
Last updated on : May 16 , 2006 13:40 IST
I f you want to increase your success rate , double your failure rate . '
Thomas Watson , founder of IBM , uttered these famous words .
As you try to leave an impressive mark at work , a failure can bring unexpected twists and turns .
How you deal with failure is what will ultimately help you succeed .
The question is : are you smart enough to learn from your mistakes ?
What is considered workplace failure
While there 's no standard definition of workplace failure , you know it 's happening to you if you can associate with any of the following examples at your workplace :
Not meeting deadlines consistently
If you get the stick from your boss repeatedly for not finishing tasks on time , you seriously need to consider a course in time management .
If you have taken on too much workload and set yourself an unrealistic timeframe , you may have just set yourself up for failure .
Tip : Trust your instincts .
When you feel bothered , speak up .
It may take some guts initially , but it will save you face later .
In case you miss the chance , request for a private meeting with the boss to explain your feelings about a short notice to meet a tight deadline .
Fighting with colleagues / peers
In this age of teamwork , conflicts with people and petty fights with your boss definitely get labeled as failure .
Tip : Find common ground and never take sides in case of a conflict .
If you are involving your supervisor , tell him / her how the conflicts within the team affect your productivity and morale -- that way , you will not sound like a whiny complainer .
Not keeping promises
Your customer 's product is not ready or has not been delivered .
It 's a massive service failure and you have no clue how to salvage the relationship .
Tip :
Be honest with your customer and tell them you will do whatever it takes to fix the issue .
Never hide behind policies or procedures .
Your clients are human and will appreciate your honest effort .
The next time they give you business , surprise them with super fast delivery to gain the credibility back .
Making excuses
Constant excuses can label you as undependable ; you could be considered overly defensive and resistant .
You may be strong otherwise ; however , if you 're always covering up your shortcomings with excuses , your negative reputation will make you succumb to failure .
Tip : Face the facts and stop procrastinating .
Take other people 's help to get things done .
If you still fail , apologise and fix the issue without hiding behind fictitious explanations .
If your boss says the report was late , you can choose to ignore but it does not become any less true .
My great idea bombed
You creative pursuits got the better of you and you spent the company 's money designing a product so way ahead of it is time that nobody bought it .
While you were expecting laurels for your creativity , your boss asks you for a report to justify the investment .
Tip : Acknowledge the failure but do n't apologise ; risk - taking is a skill required to succeed .
Tell your colleagues you know one more way of ' How not to do it ' .
Analyse what went wrong and crack it the next time around .
First , take time out
" The problem with many young professionals is that they aim for a flawless career from the moment they enter the workforce .
They have high aspirations and want to be seen as credible professionals with a 100 percent track record of success .
They do n't realise that nobody made it big without failing a few times and the ones who succeed are the ones who bounce back from their failures , " says Rohini Verma , a Delhi based clinical psychologist .
Take time out to think about what 's going wrong with your strategies .
Do n't be in a rush to get into the disaster recovery mode .
Take a small break ; go for a vacation or a long drive .
Try meditation or yoga to help you ease your mind and focus .
The objective is to take your mind off work so you can think about workplace challenges from a new perspective .
Next , analyse your failure
There could be several reasons but , if you get to the bare bones , there are two factors that stand out :
You are stuck in the wrong job
This is a no brainer .
You need to have the aptitude for the work you are doing .
If you 're in the wrong job , you tend burn out quickly and get tired of your job , which leads to more failures .
However , figuring what you want to do for a living day in and day out takes some consideration .
Try to get diverse experience in many fields and then decide what you would like to do for a career .
You are just plain careless
Maybe you failed because of your own sloppy work , or you just did not spend enough time understanding what you were doing or you made some hasty decisions or misunderstood your job profile .
If these happen to be the reason /s , you need to listen , accept the facts and shape up for the job .
Now , take steps
Workplace failures are a part of life but , if dealt with well , can turn out to be life changing events .
Here are some smart strategies to repair your workplace failures and mistakes :
Acknowledge your failure
Taking ownership for your mishap is the first and the most important step .
Blaming others rather than yourself for the new product nobody seems to be buying will create tension at office and spoil your working relationship with others as well .
You are much better off focusing on the actual sense of the issue and what went wrong .
Do n't make it personal
Criticism of your work does not mean your colleagues / customers are targeting you as an individual .
If you goofed up during an important client presentation , it does n't make you a bad employee nor does it negate your prior accomplishments .
Learn from your failure
So what if your idea bombed ?
You should use this to your advantage in preparation for your next big project .
Analyse what went wrong or could have been altered .
Maybe you could have done some more research , or could have tested your idea before you went public or perhaps taken the advice of some senior members of the team .
" Treat work life like a game of chess .
One bad move does not mean it 's the end of the game .
If you take a grip of the situation , you 'll always get the opportunity to strike back , " says Prabh Sharan , training manager with Kingfisher Airlines , Mumbai .
Make genuine friends
Have people on whom you can bank in good as well as bad times .
Take their advice .
Ask them for feedback on your ideas and let them play the devil 's advocate .
In an already competitive world , any help you can get should be welcomed .
Do n't run the solo race .
Do n't get emotional
You are bound to feel frustrated and upset when you miss an important deadline that impacts a client , but do n't blow it by making it all public .
The angry young man title will not get you any rewards at the office .
Maintain your dignity and be quick with your apology in order to salvage your reputation .
Never say die
' No guts , no glory ' is a cliché worth repeating .
Failure can be one of the best teaching tools ; the best part is it does n't have to be your own mistake in order for you to learn from it .
In the words of Michael D Eisner , chairman & CEO of Disney Corporation , ' Recovering from failure is often easier than building from success . '
Even if you fall flat on your face , you can always use the valuable lesson you learnt on your way to the top .
Sunder works as a trainer with a leading BPO in Delhi .
He can be reached at sunder.ramachandran@gmail.com
~ Have you been a situation where you have failed ?
What have you learnt from that failure ?
How have you used that learning to succeed ?
Share your experience with other Get Ahead readers .
Job -hunting ?
Scout here
DON'T MISS !
All Things Pythonic
Python main ( ) functions
by Guido van van Rossum
May 16 , 2003
Summary
For Python programmers , I 've got some suggestions on how to write a main ( ) function that 's easy to invoke in other contexts , e.g. from the interactive Python prompt when you feel like experimenting .
Advertisement
I 've written a few main ( ) functions in my time .
They usually have a structure roughly like this :
" " " Module docstring .
This serves as a long usage message . " " " import sys import getopt def main ( ) : # parse command line options try : opts , args = getopt.getopt(sys.argv[ 1 : ] , " h " , [ " help " ] ) except getopt.error , msg : print msg print " for help use -- help " sys.exit ( 2 ) # process options for o , a in opts : if o in ( " - h " , " - - help " ) : print __doc__ sys.exit ( 0 ) # process arguments for arg in args : process ( arg ) # process ( ) is defined elsewhere if __name__ == " __main__ " : main ( )
I 'm sure many people write similar main ( ) functions .
I 've got a few suggestions that make main ( ) a little more flexible , especially as option parsing becomes more complex .
First , we change main ( ) to take an optional ' argv ' argument , which allows us to call it from the interactive Python prompt :
def main ( argv=None ) : if argv is None : argv = sys.argv # etc. , replacing sys.argv with argv in the getopt ( ) call .
def main ( argv=sys.argv ) : # etc .
Note that we fill in the default for argv dynamically .
This is more flexible than writingbecause sys.argv might have been changed by the time the call is made ; the default argument is calculated at the time the main ( ) function is , for all times .
Now the sys.exit ( ) calls are annoying : when main ( ) calls sys.exit( ) , your interactive Python interpreter will exit !
The remedy is to let main ( ) 's return value specify the exit status .
Thus , the code at the very end becomes
if __name__ == " __main__ " : sys.exit( main ( ) )
return n
and the calls to sys.exit ( n ) inside main ( ) all become
Another refinement is to define a Usage ( ) exception , which we catch in an except clause at the end of main ( ) :
import sys import getopt class Usage ( Exception ) : def __init__ ( self , msg ) : self.msg = msg def main ( argv=None ) : if argv is None : argv = sys.argv try : try : opts , args = getopt.getopt( argv [ 1 : ] , " h " , [ " help " ] ) except getopt.error , msg : raise Usage ( msg ) # more code , unchanged except Usage , err : print >>sys.stderr , err.msg print >> sys.stderr , " for help use -- help " return 2 if __name__ == " __main__ " : sys.exit ( main ( ) )
return 2
raise Usage
return 2
This gives the main ( ) function a single exit point , which is preferable over multiplestatements .
This also makes it easier to refactor the argument parsing : works just fine from inside a helper function , butwould require careful passing on of the return values .
You might think that taking this to the extreme would move the try / except clause out of the main ( ) function , into the code at the end of the module ( if __name__ == " __main__ " : ... .
But that would mean that when you call main ( ) interactively , you 'd get a traceback for command line syntax errors , which is n't very helpful .
However , another generalization can be helpful : define another exception , perhaps called Error , which is treated just like Usage but returns 1 .
This can then be used for expected errors like failure to open necessary files , which are not command line syntax errors , but yet expected , and where again a traceback does n't feel very friendly .
What 's your favorite convention for writing main ( ) ?
Talk Back !
Have an opinion ?
Readers have already posted 31 comments about this weblog entry .
Why not add yours ?
RSS Feed
If you 'd like to be notified whenever Guido van van Rossum adds a new entry to his weblog , subscribe to his RSS feed .
About the Blogger
Guido van Rossum is the creator of Python , one of the major programming languages on and off the web .
The Python community refers to him as the BDFL ( Benevolent Dictator For Life ) , a title straight from a Monty Python skit .
He moved from the Netherlands to the USA in 1995 , where he met his wife .
Until July 2003 they lived in the northern Virginia suburbs of Washington , DC with their son Orlijn , who was born in 2001 .
They then moved to Silicon Valley where Guido now works for Google ( spending 50 % of his time on Python ! ) .
This weblog entry is Copyright © 2003 Guido van van Rossum .
All rights reserved .
Welcome WASTE is an anonymous , secure , and encryped collaboration tool which allows users to both share ideas through the chat interface and share data through the download system .
WASTE is RSA secured , and has been hearalded as the most secure P2P connection protocol currently in development .
For technical information please see " information " , but for more information on download and installation , please see " downloads " .
Looking for other WASTE projects ?
Please choose " projects " , or if you are interested in the main WASTE sourceforge project , see " sourceforge " .
Or , if you just need some help with WASTE , see " documentation " .
Overview WASTE is a software product and protocol that enables secure distributed communication for small ( on the order of 10 - 50 nodes ) trusted groups of users .
WASTE is designed to enable small companies and small teams within larger companies to easily communicate and collaborate in a secure and efficient fashion , independent of physical network topology .
Some bits of information about WASTE : WASTE is currently available for 32 - bit Windows operating systems as a client and server , Mac OS X as a limited client and server , and as a limited functionality server for Linux , FreeBSD , Mac OS X , and Windows .
Porting to other operating systems should be a breeze , as the source is provided ( and the network code itself is pretty portable ) .
WASTE is licensed under the GPL .
WASTE currently provides the following services :
Instant Messaging ( with presence )
Group Chat
File browsing / searching
File transfer ( upload and download )
Network architecture : WASTE uses a distributed architecture that allows for nodes to connect in a partial mesh type network .
Nodes on the network can broadcast and route traffic .
Nodes that are not publicly accessible or on slow links can choose not to route traffic .
This network is built such that all services utilize the network , so firewall issues become moot .
more information .
Security : WASTE uses link - level encryption to secure links , and public keys for authentication .
RSA is used for session key exchange and authentication , and the links are encrypted using Blowfish in PCBC mode .
The automatic key distribution security model is very primitive at the moment , and may not lend itself well to some social situations .
more information .
Friday , June 2 , 2006
Google Ajax Search API
Google released a search widget for bloggers / webmasters to include on their sites .
The interesting thing about the widget is that users wo n’t leave the page searching for something , as results are loaded right below the search box via AJAX .
Search results are sorted into 4 different categories – local , web , video , and blogs – and can be displayed in a list or with tabs .
As a bonus , users can use the “ copy ” button on results to add them to other content ( such as blog post comments ) .
[ Thanks Dan Neal and Garrett French . ]
>>
More posts
Advertisement
Chi tiêu cho giáo dục : Những con số ' giật mình '!
( VietNamNet ) - Từ New York ( Mỹ ) chuyên viên thống kê cao cấp của Liên Hợp Quốc Vũ Quang Việt gửi tới VietNamNet những phân tích thú vị về chi tiêu cho giáo dục Việt Nam rút ra qua những số liệu tính và phương pháp tính toán của bản thân .
VietNamNet xin giới thiệu những kết luận cũng như phương pháp của tác giả , đồng thời , mong nhận được ý kiến bạn đọc về vấn đề này .
Số HS tiểu học đang giảm , từ 9,7 triệu ( năm 2000 ) xuống 7,8 triệu ( năm 2004 ) trong khi dân số vẫn tăng ( Ảnh : Nguyên Vũ )
Chi tiêu cho giáo dục ở
Việt Nam trong khoảng thời gian năm 2000 - 2005 rất lớn so với mức thu nhập của người dân và thu nhập của cả nước .
Một vài con số sau đây thể hiện điều đó :
Chi tiêu cho giáo dục ở VN năm 2005 chiếm 8,3 % GDP , vượt cả Mỹ chỉ có 7,2 % .
Trong chi tiêu trên , dân các nước phát triển cao chi trả 20 % , còn ở Việt Nam dân chi trả tới 40 % .
Phần còn lại là nhà nước chi trả .
Tuy nhiên , do việc quản lý tổ chức giáo dục bất hợp lý , trường phải thu thêm , trò phải học thêm nên so với lương chính thức năm 2004 của giáo viên tính bình quân chỉ có 14 triệu đồng , thu nhập thật gồm lương chính thức và phụ thu bình quân một giáo viên có thể đạt ít nhất là 31 triệu đồng , tức là hơn gấp đôi lương chính thức .
Tỷ lệ chi tiêu cho giáo dục cao như thế , nhưng môt điều đáng lo lắng mà ít người để ý là số học sinh tiểu học , cơ sở của bất cứ một nền giáo dục nào , hình như đang bỏ học hoặc không đi học .
Theo số liệu của Bộ GD - ĐT , số HS tiểu học đang giảm , từ 9,7 triệu ( năm 2000 ) xuống 7,8 triệu ( năm 2004 ) trong khi dân số vẫn tăng .
Tình hình này khó hiểu .
Phải chăng dân nghèo không đủ sức gửi con đến trường hay là do một lý do nào khác ?
Bộ GD - ĐT cần có một câu trả lời về vấn đề này .
Những kết luận trên dựa vào số liệu chính thức của Bộ GD - ĐT , của Tổng cục
Thống kê và số liệu tính theo phương pháp gián tiếp của tác giả .
Những kết quả đáng lưu ý
* Chi phí cho giáo dục ở
Việt Nam vượt xa các nước phát triển cao !
Có thể thấy , chi phí cho giáo dục ở Việt Nam rất lớn ( bảng 1 ) .
Tỷ lệ chi phí cho giáo dục trên GDP là 8,3 % vượt xa các nước phát triển cao thuộc khối OECD kể cả Mỹ , Pháp , Nhật và Hàn Quốc ( bảng 1 và 2 ) .
Có người cho rằng cần phải so sánh dựa trên chi phí tính bằng tiền đô la Mỹ , và như thế chi phí cho một HS ở Việt Nam rất thấp .
Nhưng điều này không hợp lý vì các nước có trình độ phát triển khác nhau .
Chỉ có so sánh dựa vào khả năng chi phí của nền kinh tế mới có giá trị phân tích : đó chính là tỷ lệ chi phí trên GDP .
Kết quả này cũng cho ta so sánh mức trách nhiệm chi phí cho giáo dục : từ ngân sách nhà nước và từ đóng góp của nhân dân ( bảng 2 ) .
Người dân hiện nay ở
Việt Nam chi trả 40 % chi phí giáo dục , trong khi ở các nước phát triển cao trung bình dân chúng chỉ chi trả 20 % , phần còn lại là từ ngân sách nhà nước .
Bảng 1 .
Tỷ lệ chi phí cho giáo dục ở
Việt Nam 2000 - 2005
2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005
Tổng chi cho giáo dục ( tỷ ) 23,219 25,882 34,088 37,552 54,223 68,968
Tỷ lệ chi/GDP ( % ) 5.3 5.4 6,4 6.1 7.6 8.3
Tỷ lệ ngân sách cho giáo dục / GDP 3.2 3.2 3,8 3.7 4.6 5.0 ( Nguồn : Bộ GD - ĐT và Ngân sách nhà nước .
Tổng chi và tỷ lệ chi là do tác giả tự tính )
Bảng 2 .
Số liệu so sánh chi tiêu cho giáo dục ở
Việt Nam và các nước
Việt Nam Mỹ Pháp Nhật Hàn Quốc OCDE
Chi tiêu cho giáo dục/ GDP ( % ) 8.3 7.2 6.1 4.7 7.1 6.1 Từ ngân sách 5 5,3 5.7 3.5 4.2 4.9
Từ dân và các nguồn khác 3,3 1,9 0.4 1.2 2.9 1.2
Tỷ lệ chi tiêu cho giáo dục ( %) Từ ngân sách 60 74 93 74 59 80 Từ dân và các nguồn khác 40 26 7 26 41 20 ( Nguồn :
Số liệu VN là cho năm 2005 do tác giả tính .
Số liệu các nước khác là cho năm 2002 từ OECD , Education at a Glance 2005 )
* Thu nhập của giáo viên : bị rơi vãi !
Dựa vào chi phí cho giáo dục ở
Việt Nam như trên và dựa vào tỷ lệ 62,3 % chi phí thường xuyên cho giáo dục là để trả lương ( theo tỷ lệ hiện nay ở Việt Nam ) , ta có thể thấy là thu nhập của giáo viên , tính một cách bình quân có thể lên tới 31 triệu đồng một năm vào năm 2004 , gấp hơn 2 lần lương nhận chính thức .
Với ngân sách tăng cho giáo dục vào năm 2005 , thu nhập có thể lên tới 38,5 triệu đồng nếu như hệ thống giáo dục được tổ chức và điều hành qui củ và hợp lý .
Vấn đề thực tế là giáo viên không nhận được thu nhập như thế , mặc dù thu nhập nhận được cao hơn lương chính thức , vậy thì phần này rơi vãi nơi đâu ?
Điều này cho thấy việc phân tích thường xuyên chi phí giáo dục là đòi hỏi cấp bách để nâng cao hiệu quả của hệ thống giáo dục .
Bảng 3 .
Thu nhập và lương giáo viên :
2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005
Tổng chi thường xuyên cho giáo dục ( tỷ ) 21,367 23,522 31,080 34,352 49,323 62,735 Chi lương ( tỷ ) 13,312 14,654 19,363 21,401 30,728 39,084 Giáo viên
836,127 869,038 905,295 943,725 979,548 1,014,638
Thu nhập của giáo viên ( triệu ) 15.92 16.86 21.39 22.68 31.37 38.52
Lương chính thức ( triệu , NG Thống kê ) 7.38 8.70 9.40 12.19 13.97 ( Nguồn : Lương chính thức là từ Niên Giám Thống Kê 2005 , Nxb Thống kê , Hà Nội , 2005 .
Phụ thu do tác giả tính )
* Có cần chạy đua không tưởng về số lượng SV ĐH ?
Một điểm nữa cần thấy là hệ thống giáo dục Việt Nam đang nằm ở mức kỳ vọng cao , mọi nỗ lực đều nhằm xây dựng thêm ĐH , tạo ra nhiều SV mà không để ý đầy đủ đến trường dạy nghề , trung học và CĐ chuyên nghiệp .
Hiện nay số SV trên số dân là 1.6 % .
Tỷ lệ này so với Thái Lan ở mức 2 % không phải là nhỏ .
Nhưng đề án tăng tỷ lệ này lên 2,0 trong 5 năm tới ( 2010 ) và 4,5 % trong 15 năm tới ( 2020 ) liệu có đúng hướng không ?
Tỷ lệ trung bình ở các nước pháp triển cao OECD dựa vào nguồn số liệu về giáo dục của OECD ( Education at a Glance 2005 ) là 4,3 % ( có nước cao như Hàn Quốc là 6,7 % , Mỹ 5,7 % , nhưng có nước thấp như Tây Đức 2,6 % , Mexico 2,1 % ) .
Một vấn đề khác cần được nhận thức là HS Việt Nam đi học là nhằm lên ĐH kiếm bằng cấp thay vì học nghề để đáp ứng với yêu cầu của nền kinh tế .
Do đó mà ở cấp trung học , số HS các trường chuyên nghiệp ở
Việt Nam hiện nay chỉ chiếm 14 % tổng số HS trung học .
Tại các nước phát triển cao OECD , tỷ lệ HS ở các trường chuyên nghiệp lên tới 45 % .
Phải chăng đã đến lúc cần xét lại chính sách giáo dục một cách rốt ráo thay vì chỉ nhằm chay đua bắt kịp các nước tiên tiến một cách không tưởng về số lượng SV ĐH ?
***
Những kết luận trên dựa vào số liệu chính thức của Bộ GD - ĐT , của Tổng cục
Thống kê và số liệu tính theo phương pháp gián tiếp của tác giả .
Người đọc có thể đặt dấu hỏi về số liệu tính gián tiếp , nhưng đây là chuyện thông thường trong nghiên cứu , nhất là khi thiếu thốn số liệu chính thức .
Phương pháp thống kê ít ra là minh bạch , khách quan , và như thế đáng tin cậy hơn là các loại suy chủ quan .
Hy vọng là dù có thiếu sót , phân tích chi tiêu này cho phép các nhà làm chính sách có được một cái nhìn ban đầu về chi tiêu giáo dục .
Cũng hy vọng là Bộ GD - ĐT , Tổng cục
Thống kê thu thập thêm số liệu và minh bạch hoá chí phí về giáo dục để làm cơ sở cho việc hình thành và theo dõi tác động cũng như hiệu quả của chính sách .
Nắm vững chi phí của nền kinh tế cho giáo dục : Rối rắm
Hệ thống giáo dục ở
Việt Nam tổ chức khá phức tạp , dẫn đến sự rối rắm trong việc nắm vững chi phí của nền kinh tế cho giáo dục .
Hệ thống giáo dục ở Việt Nam gồm :
( a) Hoạt động của Bộ GD - ĐT và các trường trực thuộc
Bộ do Bộ dựa vào ngân sách nhà nước cấp cho Bộ ;
Bộ cấp lại cho trường hoặc địa phương phụ thuộc .
Tuy nhiên ,
Bộ lại cho phép trường thu thêm học phí , nhận thêm SV ( tại chức và các loại không được tuyển theo đường cạnh tranh chính thức ) .
( b) Ngoài học phí thu thêm là các dịch vụ do trường làm thêm hoặc trường nhận được từ doanh nghiệp .
Ngoài ra , các trường , kể cả Bộ , cũng đều nhận viện trợ từ nước ngoài .
Các nguồn này nằm ngoài ngân sách nhà nước .
Năm 2000 , nguồn ngoài ngân sách bằng 41 % nguồn từ ngân sách ..
( c) Các trường độc lập với Bộ GD - ĐT , hoặc thuộc các
Bộ khác và địa phương có ngân sách do Bộ khác hoặc địa phương cấp .
Đây là các chi phí mà Bộ GD - ĐT không nắm được .
(d) Các trường tư thục mà Bộ GD - ĐT quản , Bộ cũng không biết rõ chi phí .
(e) Các chi phí cho việc học thêm tất nhiên Bộ GD - ĐT cũng không nắm được .
Để có thống kê toàn diện , ngoài thống kê do Bộ GD - ĐT thu thập , Tổng cục
Thống kê cũng phải điều tra thu thập những phần mà Bộ không thể cung cấp .
Phương pháp tính tổng chi tiêu cho giáo dục
Ngân sách Bộ GD - ĐT cho phép biết chi phí ở phần ( a ) .
Chi phí ngoài ngân sách ở phần ( b ) dựa vào các tỷ lệ cơ bản mà Bộ xuất bản năm 2000 và thống kê chi tiết do Tổng cục thống kê thu thập cho năm 2000 .
Tỷ lệ này được áp dụng cho những năm sau đó , mặc dù tác giả biết rằng tỷ lệ này là thấp so với thực tế hiện nay .
Một phương pháp khác mà nhiều người dùng để ước tính chi phí thêm là dựa vào học phí thu thêm từ HSSV được báo chí nói tới .
Những con số này lớn hơn con số đưa ra trong bài này nhưng có thể không chính xác , do đó tác giả quyết định chọn cách làm bảo thủ là dùng các tỷ lệ điều tra của Tổng cục
Thống kê trong năm 2000 .
Phần ( b ) không tính tới 2 tỷ US chi làm sách giáo khoa trong thời kỳ 2002 - 2007 ( theo GS Nguyễn Xuân Hãn trong bài “ Còn có thể giảm học phí ! ” , Tiền Phong online 29/9/2005 ) .
Chi phí ở phần ( c ) , ( d ) và ( e ) là dựa vào tỷ lệ điều tra về giá trị sản lượng dịch vụ giáo dục do Tổng cục Thống kê ( TCTK ) tính cho năm 2000 trong bảng Cân đối Liên ngành của Việt Nam Năm 2000 , NXB Thống kê , Hà Nội 2003 .
Theo nguyên tắc , chi phí cho giáo dục là tổng của giá trị sản phẩm giáo dục tính theo TCTK và chi phí đầu tư cho giáo dục .
Tuy nhiên vì thiếu số liệu , cách tính của bài này là không tính thẳng mà dựa vào hệ số tính từ số liệu năm 2000 của TCTK .
Theo bảng cân đối liên ngành trên , giá trị sản phẩm giáo dục ( tức là chi phí cho hàng hoá và dịch vụ , thu nhập , khấu hao nhưng không kể đầu tư ) theo nguyên tắc của tài khoản quốc gia trong năm 2000 là 21.367 tỷ , trong khi đó các nguồn số liệu ( a ) , ( b ) chỉ có 19.928 tỷ .
Như vậy , mức chi sẽ cao hơn 7 % nữa .
Tỷ lệ thêm này có thể thấp hơn thực tế vì phần này không tính trực tiếp ngân sách dành riêng cho 2 ĐHQG Hà Nội và ĐHQG TP.HCM , chỉ bắt đầu từ năm 2002 .
Chi phí cho dịch vụ giáo dục như vậy , về nguyên tắc , sẽ bằng giá trị sản lượng giáo dục cộng thêm tích lũy .
Vũ Quang Việt ( chuyên viên
Thống kê cao cấp của Liên Hợp Quốc , New York , Mỹ )
Ý kiến của bạn về những phân tích và kết luận của tác giả Vũ Quang Việt ?
( Ghi chú : Nếu bạn cần số liệu chi tiết do tác giả tính , liên hệ : lthanh@vasc.com.vn . Cảm ơn các bạn ! ) :
Download the PDF of this article Helen Taylor did n’t feel like she had much choice .
A registered nurse and mother of five , Taylor was caring for a sick parent and studying for a law degree when her seventeen - year - old daughter Grace * was raped at a party and fell into a deep depression .
( Grace is not the daughter ’s real name ) .
Taylor , who lives in Thousand Oaks , California , knew she could n’t handle Grace ’s needs by herself .
She took Grace to a therapist , who recognized the overwhelming nature of Taylor ’s other responsibilities and suggested that Taylor place her daughter in residential treatment .
Mother and daughter both agreed that a full - time care facility was a good idea , and Grace , who had always been a well - adjusted , bright girl , was willing to do whatever the therapist suggested in order to get better .
Taylor asked a neighbor for advice , and after a little research and a tour of the facility , decided on a treatment center in Utah called Provo Canyon School .
When Grace entered in December , 2003 , the school promised therapy mixed with outdoor sports , dances , and other recreational activities .
Less than a month later , says Taylor , Grace came home covered in bruises , gaunt and traumatized by her experiences .
On one of the worst nights , says Taylor , [ ] staff forcibly injected Grace with the antipsychotic drug Haldol for supposed insubordination .
Grace ’s only crime , she told Taylor , was telling staff she needed to use the bathroom .
Grace awoke to a kick the next morning and found herself lying on a hallway floor , her vision blurred and her facial muscles severely contorted .
Worse still , Taylor says that Grace , a rape victim and voluntary patient , was forced to submit to strip searches on several occasions and was sexually assaulted by Provo Canyon staff — only compounding Grace ’s emotional despair .
Provo Canyon did not return phone calls seeking comment .
It 's a Big Business Despite horror stories like this one , there is big business in residential treatment centers like Provo Canyon : there were 43,365 admissions to RTCs in 1997 , and 27,642 patients under care in RTCs at that time , according to a 2000 report by the United States Surgeon General 's office .
Private residential treatment centers can cost as much as a year in college ; they ’re mostly the province of well - off parents .
However , some insurance companies will cover treatment at schools accredited by Joint Commission for Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations ( JCAHO ) , an independent , nonprofit organization that inspects and accredits nearly 16,000 health care facilities in the United States .
But JCAHO ’s standards are geared mainly toward monitoring surgical and pharmacological procedures .
And so RTCs , which are more like boarding schools than traditional hospitals , can become accredited under standards that have little to do with the daily programs and activities practiced in them .
Many RTCs are not accredited at all .
Some residential treatment programs have amassed a disturbing number of complaints from kids and parents who , like the Taylors , allege that the schools physically and mentally abuse their students .
Recent articles in the New York Times and the UK Guardian document abuses at treatment centers abroad including Tranquility Bay School in Jamaica .
Controversy has arisen in Tranquility Bay amid the death of a student , parent custody battles , and allegations of unlawful incarceration .
Lawsuits have been brought against the Worldwide Association of Specialty Programs and Schools ( WWASPS ) , an affiliated group of private residential treatment centers and schools that manages Tranquility Bay .
And there are many complaints about other RTCs on websites run by watchdog groups , parents , and survivors .
Most RTCs use a religious " tough love " approach to treatment , doling out points for “ appropriate behavior ” and imposing consequences — ranging from the loss of phone privileges to solitary confinement and physical punishments , according to survivors .
Lax Regulators
In recent years , government agencies in other countries have begun to crack down on these American - owned programs ; authorities in Costa Rica , Mexico and the Czech Republic have shut down at least four WWASPS programs thus far .
But in the United States , regulators have been less assertive .
In 2003 , Congressman George Miller of California asked the United States Department of Justice ( DOJ ) to investigate a growing number of allegations against WWASPS , but to date the DOJ has taken no action .
In Utah , State Office of Licensing Director Ken Stettler proposed legislation that would have established stricter licensing requirements for teen treatment centers , but it did n’t fly with lawmakers .
As Stettler told the Salt Lake Tribune in April 2004 , many Utah legislators felt that his office was “ empire building ” when it proposed instituting licenses for the paid “ escort services ” that private treatment centers use to transport teens to their facilities , even though there are many complaints against them .
After her daughter ’s ordeal , Helen Taylor mounted a letter - writing campaign to inform Stettler and other state and federal legislators of Grace ’s experiences at Provo Canyon , but to date she has only received a couple of terse replies .
She feels that these legislators are taking reports of child abuse in their state very lightly and that the police are clearly acting in league with abusive schools .
Local police routinely come out to help Provo Canyon deal with attempted escapes , for example , but have not investigated the children ’s charges of abuse .
“ This is political corruption at its worst , ” Taylor said .
Parents like Taylor commonly assume that there is more government oversight than actually exists within the treatment industry .
On the contrary , kids incarcerated in a juvenile prison may have more protection from abuse than kids voluntarily enrolled in private treatment centers .
The DOJ routinely shuts down juvenile prisons when abuse occurs , but it has yet to investigate the private RTCs .
The industry is not well regulated , most facilities operate without accreditation or a license , and some take unfair advantage of distressed parents .
Some families have experienced problems with the enrollment contracts , discovering too late that they signed away too much authority or waived too many of their legal rights regarding disputes with the schools .
Parent Watchdog Groups Survivors and parents have formed watchdog groups and mounted education campaigns to warn other families about the risks .
Some are listed below .
Other parents are pressing lawmakers to step in : Helen Taylor has developed an email list for updates on her attempts to contact legislators , while another person launched Fornits , a web forum with an extensive teen treatment section allowing survivors and parents to air their frustrations , tell their stories , and strategize the legal and criminal investigation of abusive facilities .
Many people now in their forties post messages at Fornits documenting the long - term emotional devastation that results from time they spent in RTCs as teenagers .
Even parents whose children were well served at residential programs are wary of the teen treatment industry because of the big money involved .
Linnea Soderlund , a parent who sent her teenage son to two different residential programs primarily for what she called “ out - of - control behavior , ” says that parents should proceed with extreme caution when selecting a residential program .
“ Consultants and programs are happy to take thousands of dollars from you in exchange for the hope of saving your kid , ” Soderlund wrote me in an email .
She says , “ Stay in close touch if you place your child in a treatment program , ” because parental vigilance is the best protection against abuse .
Soderlund also counsels parents to seek expert diagnosis when determining whether to send a child to residential treatment .
“ I would urge anyone considering residential treatment to obtain a physical exam and complete psychological evaluation before making any plans for treatment , ” she wrote .
While she said that the psychological evaluation was a large expense not covered by insurance , she was “ immeasurably thankful ” that she got one for her daughter .
“ This is the only way to determine what the issues are and what is at stake , ” she wrote .
Karen Stanton , another parent who has enrolled a child in residential treatment and was particularly happy with the results , agrees that it ’s crucial to screen both the child and the school .
Her son , Peter , was diagnosed with dyslexia at a young age , and she and her husband had tried numerous treatments including therapy , Ritalin , summer programs , and a private school for students with learning disabilities .
Nothing worked , she said , until she found an educational consultant who reviewed Peter ’s test results , talked to his teachers and therapists , and helped find programs that were tailored to his specific needs .
Stanton says that their consultant was “ expensive , but totally worth the money . ”
Stanton added , “ We were desperate when we went to her . ”
Several parents we spoke with reported using educational consultants with good results , but here again , parents must be careful .
Some consultants accept financial rewards for enrolling kids in specific programs , so bias could be a problem .
It is important to ask about any commercial ties between your consultant and the schools so that you can evaluate their recommendations accordingly .
Experts are Skeptical Unfortunately , even if a parent finds a suitable , non-abusive program , the long - lasting results are difficult to predict .
Dr. Oscar Bukstein , an associate professor of psychiatry at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine who specializes in children ’s psychiatric disorders , says that even when kids make progress in these “ tough - love ” residential programs , they very often have trouble reincorporating the skills they learn into their home lives .
“ When kids get back to their original situation , they start to slip back , ” he said .
“ If anything , the center is probably a safe holding place until kids mature out of [ their behavior problems ] . ”
Bukstein also says that some parents send their kids to residential treatment too early , without first considering other and potentially better options .
He says therapy and community - based intensive treatment centers that provide more than just an hour a week of counseling are good options for overwhelmed parents , and that generally kids do n’t need “ tough love ” to be treated effectively .
“ You have to model appropriate behavior , ” he said , “ but intimidation does n’t model appropriate behavior — being tough and consistent does n’t entail being mean and abusive . ”
Listening to adults who were sent to RTCs as teenagers , you often hear a much harsher judgement of these programs .
Said one , " these toughlove programs are not merely ineffective , but often totally devastating to the children and families taken in by their marketing experts . "
Many adult survivors want the programs shut down completely .
The late Dr. Loren Mosher , Clinical Professor of Psychiatry at the University of California at San Diego School of Medicine and former Chief of the Center for Studies of Schizophrenia at the National Institutes of Mental Health , agreed that residential centers are n’t effective at training patients to function in their normal environment .
“ If those programs are not continued after they get back , ” he said , “ the learning they received is gone within three weeks to six months . ”
Mosher , who is best known as the founder of Soteria , a revolutionary treatment center for schizophrenics that eschewed medication and placed patients in a shared living situation with non-medical - professionals , said that any effective treatment should involve the whole family .
“ Anything that does n’t , ” he said , “ is probably a waste of time . ”
He advocated straightforward family counseling , which is widely available and which , he said , usually costs a whole lot less than residential programs .
“ I do n’t think there ’s much out there to tell parents about where you draw the line between normal teenage acting - out and serious behavior problems , ” said Barbara Huff , Executive Director of the Federation of Families for Children ’s Mental Health .
While she says there are no easy answers to this question , guidance counselors at the local schools , private therapists , and other professionals can help identify children with behavior problems early on and can also work with families to find appropriate solutions .
And above all , experts agree , parents should avoid giving in to embarrassment or despair that keeps them from seeking appropriate help close to home .
“ We all fear the stigma that is attached to ‘ troubled teens , ’ ” said Dawn Martin - Rugo , a parent who enrolled her daughter in a wilderness program and a therapeutic boarding school .
“ We want to protect our teen and ourselves from the judgments of others , but it is important to get over this fear as quickly as possible — everyone knows someone who has a child who has “ fallen apart . ’ ”
Common sense and community support are your best protections against the false promises offered by unscrupulous people who stand to profit from selling you an expensive residential program .
Practical Suggestions IIf your children or your friends ’ children run into trouble , consider these tips from other parents and mental health experts :
Get a ‘ reality check ’ from school officials , teachers , family , and friends to help assess the seriousness of the child ’s behavior problems .
Explore local options first , and look for a therapy program that works with the whole family , not just the teen .
Invest in physical and psychological assessments that will define the child ’s problem and point to appropriate remedies .
Hire an educational consultant who works only for the family ( and does not receive a commission from schools ) .
Investigate the schools in person , and also check with the parent watchdog groups ( listed below ) to avoid the worst offenders .
Ask a lawyer to review enrollment contracts before signing them .
And finally , stay in contact with the child throughout their stay in a residential facility so that you can move them out quickly at the first sign of trouble .
Resources for Parents NoSpank.net is the work of a group called Parents and Teachers Against Violence in Education .
The site provides a good collection of documents and news articles from a range of sources .
The International Survivors Action Committee is a nonprofit , independent watchdog organization .
Their site includes a list of warning signs to help parents avoid abusive programs , as well as a list of schools with the most damaging track records .
The Straights is a website created by a father named Wesley Fager , who has been campaigning for reform of residential treatment programs since 1989 when his son was abused in one .
His site includes his book and information about other books on the subject .
Personal testimonials from survivors and their families can be found at Fornits.com / wwf The Independent Educational Consultants Association ( IECA ) has a " find a consultant " feature on their web site , as well as some general information about working with a consultant .
Here are well researched , recent news articles : from the NY Times , January 2003 " Parents Divided Over Jamaica Disciplinary Academy " .
and from the British paper , The Guardian an article published last summer also looks at the Tranquility Bay program in Jamaica .
And " Drug Mistreatment " from Mother Jones Magazine documents how courts and schools often force parent to put kids into treatment who may not actually need it .
BACK TO TOP
What Slows Windows Down ?
The first of two studies carried out in September 2006 showing what types of software and more interestingly which versions of those types make Windows XP slow down .
This article has been updated !!!
Introduction
Any computer user that ’s owned and installed software onto their computer knows that the more you install , the slower the beast runs .
Most also know that it ’s not just quantity and that what you install plays a large factor in how slowly your computer runs .
The aim of this article is to find out what types of application slow down a computer the most .
I ’m going to be measuring the “ speed ” as the time it takes to shutdown , restart and get back to desktop ( with auto - login ) and start an application in the computer ’s start - up settings .
The Process
To make sure the tests are fair , I installed XPSP2a Professional ( release1 ) onto a Microsoft VirtualPC 4 ( sp1 ) virtual machine and cloned the hard disk images for each test I ’m going to run .
Each VM will be running on its own , without any other applications running on the host operating system except notepad , so I can record the results .
To measure performance , I ’m going to be using Microsoft BootVis , an application to time the load - times of each element of the system so users can remove the offending items or otherwise disable things that are taking too long .
Boot Vis will tell me how long the system takes to boot from start to finish and I shall deduct the time the fresh install takes to boot .
I will then have a percentage delay that each application adds to the system .
I ’m going to run each test three times and take the mean to eradicate any discrepancies .
What Should This Show Us ?
By seeing how much the text install slows down compared to the clean install , we have a clear metric to see how much damage one application is doing .
This way you can best judge what to not install ( if you can avoid it ) in order to keep peak performance on your computer .
Spyware and Viruses
During the course of these tests , it ’s highly likely that I ’m going to pick up spyware from one of the applications .
This could affect the results but this is true to life .
There is no detection process for these tests , and most things will have been scanned , but be aware .
The Offending Software
The list of software is broken into categories for comparison between brands :
System Security
Firewall , anti-virus and anti-spyware programs are where I expect to see the biggest delays from a system , so much so that I refuse to use any on my home computer .
This belief comes from the fact that they are always running and start as soon as they can in order to catch what they need .
I ’m therefore comparing the three most popular security “ suites ” which cover all three subcategories .
Office Software
Office suites tend to be huge behemoths that can take up gigabytes of space .
In order to make your life easier , they also install a lot of things around the system so they ’re easier to find .
Here I shall be pitting Microsoft Office 2003 vs. OpenOffice .
And because of OpenOffice , I shall not be installing Outlook in the Microsoft suite .
Chat Software
Some may think this is a little silly , but chat applications – especially when they ’re stacked up – can add significant delay to the load times of a system .
Here I will compare the most popular chat clients around .
You should note that Trillian and Gaim are multiple - protocol messengers so that you can use one instead of several messaging clients .
I also deviated from the initial mission statement and set each client to load with windows for a better comparison .
Codecs and Fonts
It ’s not uncommon to hear people going on about you not installing too much of this or too much of that …
Codecs and fonts are usually at the brunt of this argument as they are in areas that are checked by the system all the time .
Peer - to - Peer Download Software
These are probably some of the least likely contenders for system - slowdown but they are popular on the internet , and therefore could be doing a lot more damage that some people think .
Each application shall be setup to boot with windows ( as most people have it setup ) .
Compression Utilities
Very small and lightweight applications for compressing files …
Most people would n’t think of these as bad pieces of software but they sometimes do install explorer extensions and things that may leak through to affect the rest of the system .
Other Applications
Here are the other applications I want to test that do n’t fit into another category .
You should n’t compare any of these against each other as they all do different things .
Some of them are necessary libraries and frameworks and some are things you would n’t touch unless you really needed them .
Results and Conclusions
So between the last page and what ’s about to come , there has been hours of gruelling testing going on .
Believe me when I say that 8 hours of watching a virtual machine restart is not my idea of fun , but I think the results justify the means .
If you think there ’s anything missing from the list , use the contact page to tell me what to add .
Software
Mean Boot Time
(s )
System Delay
(s )
System Delay
( %)
Norton Internet Security 2006 118.33 43.33 57.78
1000 Fonts 105.00 30.00 40.00
Kaspersky Internet Security 6.0.0.303 85.67 10.67 14.22
Yahoo Instant Messenger 8.0 85.67 10.67 14.22
AOL Instant Messenger 1.5 Preview 85.33 10.33 13.78
McAfee SecurityCentre 83.67 8.67 11.56
Kazaa 3 ( + included crapware ) 83.67 8.67 11.56
Trillian 3.1 Basic 83.33 8.33 11.11
VMWare Workstation5.5.1-19 83.33 8.33 11.11
Microsoft Visual Studio2005 Pro. 82.67 7.67 10.22
. NET Framework Runtime2.0 81.67 6.67 8.89
100 Fonts 80.33 5.33 7.11
Microsoft Office 2003 ( v11 ) Pro. 80.00 5.00 6.67
Windows Live Messenger ( MSNM8 ) 80.00 5.00 6.67
Gaim 1.5.0 79.67 4.67 6.22
Adobe Photoshop CS 2 79.33 4.33 5.78
OpenOffice 2.0.3 79.00 4.00 5.33
Macromedia Studio MX 2004 79.00 4.00 5.33
QuickTime 7.1 78.67 3.67 4.89
DivX 6.3 78.67 3.67 4.89
DirectX 9.0 c 78.67 3.67 4.89
Azureus 2.5.0.0 (+ Java Runtime ) 78.33 3.33 4.44
BitDefender v10 78.00 3.00 4.00
WinRAR 3.60 78.00 3.00 4.00
Java Runtime 1.5.0.06 78.00 3.00 4.00
WinAce 2.65 77.67 2.67 3.56
K - Lite Codec Pack 2 . 76FULL 77.33 2.33 3.11
WinZip 77.33 2.33 3.11
7 - Zip 4.42 77.00 2.00 2.67
BitComet 0.7 76.67 1.67 2.22
uTorrent 1.4 76.33 1.33 1.78
Control ( none ) 75.00 0.00 0.00
Things That Did Bad
The results of the security software were quite shocking .
I ’ve always known that being most involved with the system , antivirus and firewall programs are going to make things slower , but I was just completely astounded by the Norton result when compared against the other software on show .
Fonts were as , if not more , amazing .
I know people always say not to install too many fonts ( which is really hard when you have a DVD full of them ) , but this is the first proof I ’ve seen that shows fonts have a massive effect on the windows load time .
One conclusion that we can take from this is software that makes many , many changes to the system when it installs is going to have a larger effect to windows boot timings .
Examples of this were shown by the .NET runtime ( both standalone and part of Visual Studio ) and the fonts which get scooped up by system services .
VMWare Workstation installs a lot of system drivers to emulate hardware properly which also goes a long way to slow down a computer .
Furthermore , if that software loads at boot , this is going to have an added knock on effect , shown best by the antivirus programs and the chat clients .
Things That Did Well
Surprisingly , the codecs made little effect .
Even the full ( everything checked ) K - Lite Codec
Pack only added a few seconds to the boot time .
Quicktime was slower as this installs a load - on - boot tray icon .
The compression utilities all did very well considering that all of them add about thirty extension associations and add explorer context menus .
I think this shows that they ’re both fairly lightweight and you should n’t be too concearned over applications which install them .
BitDefender was another suprise .
I ’ve heard a lot of mixed things about it since I started the testing but it certainly uses the fewest resource on boot .
This could mean a couple of things :
Either its incredibly efficient or its a very lazy protection scheme that doesnt protect your computer all the time .
Final Words …
In closing , just be careful over what you install .
If you need a font for something , you only need to open it in the Windows font browser and it should become available in your application until you close the font browser .
Installing and forgetting about fonts is a very easy way to slowly degenerate your boot times .
If you can avoid them , do n’t install an antivirus program ( especially not Norton ) .
That ’s not perfect advice for everyone , but if you ’ve got an oodle of web - smarts , you should be able to spot what ’s bad and what ’s ok .
One thing not covered by this test ( for sheer time purposes ) is what happens when you uninstall the software .
It ’s well known that applications junk the registry with crap long after they ’ve gone so be aware that the only way to get some of that performance back from a bad application may be to do a clean install of Windows .
Another was drivers .
Drivers are known to increase the boot time ( as VMWare displays ) but are completely impossible to demonstrate on a testing system like this .
If I did the tests again with a whole PC and different hardware , this would be more a test of hardware than software .
If you want to know how drivers perform , read the hardware reviews .
I wanted to bring together some ideas from my posts Because Unanswered Problems Are Always Hard and Respecting The Programmer .
Lisp deserves its place as the first high - level programming language .
There were other languages of the time which let programmers work at a higher level than they had before , but they did it by putting higher level concepts into the language .
Lisp was the first that made it possible to add higher level concepts .
It placed power in the hands of the programmer , instead of leaving it in the hands of the language designer .
So if it was so hot , why are n't we all coding Lisp now ?
Those were days when resources were much more limited , but that did n't stop Lisp , and it still should have been ready when the computing resources became available .
Lisp should have been poised to take over the world ( and a lot of people thought it would ) .
There 's lots of different theories about why this did n't happen , but I 'll offer one more .
Lisp makes good programmers really productive , more than they could be in another language .
Paul Graham talks about this in Beating the Averages .
He made great software and sold it for a bundle to Yahoo .
But now it 's been reimplemented in C++_ .
Why , oh why ?
It 's easy to blame stupid people for this sort of thing , except that it keeps happening over and over .
Metaprogramming is powerful , and was central to Viaweb ( 20 - 25 % of the code , according to Graham ) .
I think this is an example of Common Lisp 's fatal flaw ( and since Common Lisp is the standard bearer for all Lisps , it is Lisp 's fatal flaw ) .
Lisp metaprogramming is hard .
All metaprogramming is hard .
But if you can make due with , say , 75 % less code due to metaprogramming , and the code is only 100 % harder to understand , the net result is that the code is half as hard to understand in its entirety .
Except Lisp metaprogramming scales wrong .
For a really good Lisp programmer , the result may be a lot better than 0.25 x 2.00 ( i.e. , 25 % of the code , 200 % as hard to understand , end result is 0.50 times as difficult ) .
But for someone who does n't know Lisp it 's like 0.25 x 10.00 ( 25 % of the code , 1000 % as hard to understand = 2.5 times as hard , net ; and often it 's worse than that ) , because even after they learn Lisp , they have to learn the macros , and for many ( most ? ) people macros are going to be really really hard .
Quoting from Respecting The Programmer :
We talk about how Python is also easy to learn and maintain , and that 's still true , but it does n't mean that it evens out the differences in productivity between programmers .
In fact , quite the opposite , it makes those most productive programmers more productive and more valuable .
That Python is easy to learn and maintain means that there 's less risk in using a highly skilled , highly productive programmer .
In other languages you risk being left with a program that only another highly skilled programmer can maintain , and that 's less likely to occur with Python ( for an appropriate definition of " highly skilled " ) .
The risk I 'm talking about is exactly the trap that the Viaweb code fell into .
Maybe the Yahoo manager that moved to C++ was still dumb , but dumb managers happen .
Do n't create a situation where a dumb manager invalidates your entire implementation .
And you have to reward every programmer , no matter what experience they bring in ; you should reward the experienced programmer most of all , because why else become experienced ?
But if you punish the beginner , it 's hard to make friends .
Code made up of 20 % macros is a punishing experience even for an experienced programmer .
So I think it 's really important that we approach metaprogramming with caution .
I think Guido has been right to resist macros .
Not because they are necessarily wrong , but because we have n't yet figured out how to do them right .
And maybe we never will , maybe source code simply is n't the right level for abstractions .
I think it 's good that Python does n't do tail - call elimination ; it seems like a nice feature , but in subtle ways it makes the language harder .
And I think continuations could lead to bad things .
There are wrong paths on the road to higher - level programming .
( Though in some ways I also feel the opposite : tell us not to shoot ourselves in the foot , and expect us to listen , do n't assume we 'll abuse every feature that exists ; there 's always a tension in these design choices . )
Leonardo drew the heart 's four valves
The intricate diagrams of the heart were made by Leonardo 500 years ago .
Mr Francis Wells from Papworth Hospital , Cambridge , says Leonardo 's observations of the way the heart valves open and close was revelatory .
Mr Wells has used this understanding to modify current repair operations , and has successfully treated 80 patients .
What Leonardo was saying about the shape of the valve is important .
It means that we can repair this valve in a better way
Heart surgeon Mr Wells
The drawings allowed him to work out how to restore normal opening and closing function of the mitral valve , one of the four valves in the heart .
Until now , surgeons have repaired a floppy valve by narrowing its diameter .
However , this can restrict the blood flow further when the individual is exercising and working their heart to the maximum .
Mr Wells said : " It 's a complete rethink of the way we do the mitral valve operation .
" What Leonardo was saying about the shape of the valve is important .
It means that we can repair this valve in a better way . "
Valve repair
The job of the mitral valve , which is made up of two flaps , is to stop blood flowing in the wrong direction in the heart .
It works a bit like a pair of doors , slamming shut to stop blood returning from where it came .
In some people it stops working properly , and becomes like a swing door , letting blood flow backwards through it , which means the heart has to work harder to do its job of getting blood out into the arteries and around the body .
LEONARDO FACTS
Italian artist , scientist and engineer 1452 - 1519
His anatomical knowledge came from his post - mortem dissection work , which the Church forbade
He disproved the belief that the heart was not a muscle and showed it consists of four chambers and not two , as was commonly held
He suggested that arteries fur up over a lifetime , creating a health risk
Narrowing the diameter of the valve opening with surgery helps , but Mr Wells , with help from Leonardo , believes he has found a better way .
Leonardo worked out in the 1500s that the opening phase of the mitral valve was extremely important - this can be compromised with conventional surgery because the opening is made narrower than normal .
Mr Wells says he can now repair the floppy mitral valve in such a way that it does not alter the normal diameter of the valve when it is open which means that the individual can return to more vigorous exercise without any problems .
He said Leonardo had a depth of appreciation of the anatomy and physiology of the body - its structure and function - that perhaps has been overlooked by some .
The Italian artist had no formal medical training and brought together a number of disciplines , including mechanics and engineering , when he looked at a problem .
Mr Wells is now looking back at many of Leonardo's other drawings of the body to see if these might help medicine now .
Mr Wells and Leonardo feature in The Secret of Drawing which begins on BBC Two on October 8 .
London 's Victoria and Albert museum will be hosting an exhibition of Leonardo 's work in art , science and technology starting 14 September 2006 to 7 January 2007 , in collaboration with Universal Leonardo , Central Saint Martins College of Art and Design , University of the Arts , London .
Rules at Guantanamo have been unclear in the past
The White House announced the shift in policy almost two weeks after the US Supreme Court ruled that the conventions applied to detainees .
President Bush had long fought the idea that US detainees were prisoners of war entitled to Geneva Convention rights .
The Pentagon outlined the new standards to the military in a 7 July memo .
The directive says all military detainees are entitled to humane treatment and to certain basic legal standards when they come to trial , as required by Common Article 3 of the Geneva Conventions .
It is not really a reversal of policy - humane treatment has always been the standard
Tony Snow ,
White House spokesman
Send us your comments
The Bush administration has come under intense and sustained international criticism for its treatment of prisoners held at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba .
The military has been using the site to house hundreds of detainees , many believed to have been picked up off battlefields in Afghanistan .
When the detention centre was established in 2002 , President Bush ordered that detainees be treated " humanely , and to the extent appropriate and consistent with military necessity , in a manner consistent with the principles of Geneva " .
His spokesman Tony Snow said on Tuesday that the Pentagon directive did not represent a change : " It is not really a reversal of policy .
Humane treatment has always been the standard . "
Court steps in
At the end of June , the Supreme Court ruled 5 - 3 that the Bush administration did not by itself have the authority to order that the detainees be tried by military commission .
COURT RULING
We conclude that the military commission convened to try Hamdan lacks power to proceed
US Supreme Court ruling on Guantanamo detainees [ 1.3MB ]
Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here
It said its decision was based on both US military law and the Geneva Conventions - asserting for the first time in US law that the detainees were entitled to Geneva protections .
But the Supreme Court left open the possibility that the detainees could be tried by military commission if Congress established an appropriate legal framework for doing so .
The Senate Judiciary Committee began hearings on the issue on Tuesday morning , just as news of the new military policy became public .
Daniel Dell ' Orto , a defence department lawyer who was the first to testify , said there were about 1,000 detainees in US military custody around the world .
Guantanamo Bay holds an estimated 450 .
Mr Dell ' Orto did not say where the others were being held .
The new Pentagon policy applies only to detainees being held by the military , and not to those in CIA custody , such as alleged mastermind of the 11 September attacks , Khalid Sheikh Mohammed .
The Geneva Conventions , which were passed in the wake of World War II , are meant to guarantee minimum standards of protection for non-combatants and former combatants in war .
Last updated at 09:42 21 September 2006
Fashion designer Stella McCartney has been rushed to hospital over fears for her unborn baby .
The daughter of Sir Paul McCartney , seven months pregnant with her second child , complained of bleeding and shooting pains in her stomach , according to reports .
She spent Monday night at the Worcestershire Royal Hospital before tests confirmed the baby was fine and she was allowed home again on Tuesday .
Things could have been ' dire ' had she not gone to casualty however , reported the Sun .
Doctors gave her strict instructions to rest , insisting the active mother of 18 - month - old Miller call a complete halt to all non-essential activity .
" She has been read the riot act , " a source told the Sun .
" Her condition was viewed as serious by doctors .
Medics warned her she must rest completely up until the birth .
" This means total bed rest . "
A witness at the hospital who saw Stella added : " She was completly distraught . "
It is the latest drama to hit the McCartney family since her father 's very public bitter split with Heather Mills .
# 450693 +( 2037 ) - [ X ]
Impure Mathematics
------ -----------
To prove once and for all that math can be fun , we
present :
Wherein it is related how that paragon of womanly
virtue , young Polly Nomial ( our heroine ) is accosted by that
notorious villain Curly Pi , and factored ( oh horror !!! )
Once upon a time ( 1/t ) pretty little Polly Nomial was
strolling across a field of vectors when she came to the boundary
of a singularly large matrix .
Now Polly was convergent , and her
mother had made it an absolute condition that she must never
enter such an array without her brackets on .
Polly , however ,
who had changed her variables that morning and was feeling
particularly badly behaved , ignored this condition on the basis
that it was insufficient and made her way in amongst the complex
elements .
Rows and columns closed in on her from all sides .
Tangents approached her surface .
She became tensor and tensor .
Quite suddendly two branches of a hyperbola touched her at a
single point .
She oscillated violently , lost all sense of
directrix , and went completely divergent .
As she tripped over a
square root that was protruding from the erf and plunged
headlong down a steep gradient .
When she rounded off once more ,
she found herself inverted , apparently alone , in a non-Euclidean
space .
She was being watched , however .
That smooth operator ,
Curly Pi , was lurking inner product .
As his eyes devoured her
curvilinear coordinates , a singular expression crossed his face .
He wondered , " Was she still convergent ? "
He decided to
integrate properly at once .
Hearing a common fraction behind her , Polly rotated and
saw Curly
Pi approaching with his power series extrapolated .
She could see at once by his degenerate conic and dissipative
that he was bent on no good .
" Arcsinh , " she gasped .
" Ho , ho , " he said , " What a symmetric little asymptote
you have I can see you angles have lots of secs . "
" Oh sir , " she protested , " keep away from me I have n't
got my brackets on . "
" Calm yourself , my dear , " said our suave operator , " your
fears are purely imaginary . "
" I , I , " she thought , " perhaps he 's not normal but
homologous . "
" What order are you ? " the brute demanded .
" Seventeen , " replied Polly .
Curly leered " I suppose you 've never been operated on . "
" Of course not , " Polly replied quite properly , " I'm
absolutely convergent . "
" Come , come , " said Curly , " let 's off to a decimal place
I know and I 'll take you to the limit . "
" Never , " gasped Polly .
" Abscissa , " he swore , using the vilest oath he knew .
His patience was gone .
Coshing her over the coefficient with a
log until she was powerless , Curly removed her discontinuities .
He stared at her significant places , and began smoothing out her
points of inflection .
Poor Polly .
The algorithmic method was
now her only hope .
She felt his digits tending to her asymptotic
limit .
Her convergence would soon be gone forever .
There was no mercy , for Curly was a heavyside operator .
Curly 's radius squared itself ; Polly 's loci quivered .
He
integrated by parts .
He integrated by partial fractions .
After
he cofactored , he performed runge - kutta on her .
The complex
beast even went all the way around and did a contour
integration .
What an indignity - to be multiply connected on
her first integration .
Curly went on operating until he
completely satisfied her hypothesis , then he exponentiated and
became completely orthogonal .
When Polly got home that night , her mother noticed that
she was no longer piecewise continuous , but had been truncated
in several places
But it was to late to differentiate now .
As
the months went by , Polly 's denominator increased monotonically .
Finally she went to L'Hopital and generated a small but
pathological function which left surds all over the place and
drove Polly to deviation .
The moral of our sad story is this : " If you want to
keep your expressions convergent , never allow them a single
degree of freedom . "
Bringing in baby
Allowing employees to bring newborns to the office may sound crazy , but it helped my business thrive .
( FORTUNE Small Business ) -
When four of my top employees told me in one six - week period that they were pregnant , I realized that their good news could spell disaster for my advertising agency , T3 .
We had fewer than 25 employees at the time , and the soon - to - be moms were our head of publicity , a media buyer , the manager of print production , and a senior account executive .
Each had client and supplier relationships that were vital to our business .
Plus , conducting four executive searches at the same time would be costly .
So I decided to try something radical .
A few months before they left for maternity leave , I invited the women to bring their babies to work when they returned .
From my own experience as a mother of three , I know what a horrible feeling it is to leave your very small baby in the hands of someone else .
Keeping the children safe
While juggling work , you 're also distracted by concerns for your child :
Is she safe ?
Who is watching her ?
I also knew that several of these women did n't need the paycheck ; faced with leaving a child , they would probably quit .
Infants sleep for much of the day , and our office space at the time , a historic home in Austin , had a large office we could equip with cribs and baby swings .
My lawyer hated the idea .
He worried that we would get sued if a child got hurt at the office .
And the women -- all first - time moms -- had a hard time imagining how they would manage breast - feeding and changing diapers while doing their jobs .
But they agreed to give it a try , and it worked out even better than I expected .
The moms were so thrilled to be close to their babies that none ever dropped the ball when it came to work .
When one had to run to a meeting , another babysat .
We made sure employees who could n't stand the sound of crying babies did n't sit near the " romper room . "
As we grew to become the $ 60 - million - a - year company that we are today -- we now have 150 employees who fill six historic homes in Austin and an office in New York City -- additional moms and even dads brought their babies to work .
We 've set up formal policies about it .
Parents can care for babies up to only 9 months old in the office .
After the youngsters become more mobile , we arrange for them to be put on a priority list at a neighborhood day - care center .
Dogs and goats , too
The only unexpected hitch came when an employee told me the program was n't fair .
She never planned to have children , but her elderly dog was like a child to her .
I decided to let her bring him in .
Of course , once you let one dog in , it 's " Who let the dogs out ? "
In addition to more dogs , we also had a goat that someone 's child was raising in 4 - H .
A flea outbreak soon followed , and with the office getting a bit chaotic , I made some rules .
No more goats .
Dogs have to be on flea and tick protection , and owners need to clean up after them both inside and outside .
So far , 33 babies and a small army of dogs have " grown up " at our company .
I can't measure in hard numbers the impact of the goodwill that our family - friendly policies have had on productivity , but our local newspaper routinely names T3 as one of the best places to work in Austin .
And our clients -- which include Dell ( Research ) , J.C. Penney ( Research ) , Marriott ( Research ) , MSN ( Research ) , and Nortel Networks ( Research ) - - seem to love our unconventional atmosphere and commitment to family .
Today the company I founded in 1989 is the largest privately held , woman - owned advertising agency in the country .
I 'm convinced we would never have reached this size if I had n't found a creative way to keep our best employees -- and their kids -- happy .
Owner to Owner is written by entrepreneurs about lessons they have learned .
Write to Gaddis at gaddis@t-3.com .
------------------------------
100 Best Companies to Work For :
Who 's got the best benefits ?
See the list .
Are you ready to handle work and baby ?
Take the quiz .
Being a mom could be a six - figure job .
Read more .
To write a note to the editor about this article , click here
Bill Murray is expected for lunch in a quiet backwater at the Cannes film festival .
A limousine with tinted windows edges its way around a line of parked cars along the narrow street .
A posse of film types assembles to greet the star and the car doors are opened with a flourish .
Out step an unknown couple , surprised at the fuss .
As they do so , a scooter splutters into view , sounding like a clapped - out lawnmower , with Murray 's familiar figure perched on the saddle .
He checks the location - a deadpan look on that pock - marked face - and parks .
" I always like to have my life in my own hands , " he says .
Murray , alone among the stars in town , has no entourage - no agent , business manager , lawyer or favourite hair and make - up person in tow .
When you meet him , he has an old - fashioned politeness and you notice that he does not laugh much .
But of the Hollywood stars who have made a business out of laughter on screen , he is one of the most enduring .
Other comics who followed him into the movies from America 's anarchic Saturday Night Live have gone on to greater riches - Jim Carrey and Mike Myers among them - but , at 55 , Murray is recognised by his contemporaries as the king .
Will Ferrell , the latest SNL recruit to films , can recall each twist of Murray 's act .
" He would come on as a guest and I 'd watch him from the sidelines , thinking , ' How can he be so cool ? ' "
George Clooney admits to a tongue - tied moment the previous year at the Venice film festival : " I could not string two words together , " he says .
" He 's the best comic actor in the world by a mile . "
Murray 's confidence , though , is surprisingly fragile .
He 'd had a terrific audience reaction to the previous night 's premiere of his latest film , Broken Flowers - indeed , it was on the strength of this that he 'd agreed to meet me .
" I 'm happy , " he says .
And he does look bright enough , in an unfussy short - sleeved blue check shirt - no rings , no actorish bracelets , not even a watch .
" Yes , I am relaxed , " he declares .
His creased , lopsided face , topped with thinning , grey hair , is so inscrutable it would be impossible to judge his mood .
At the premiere , he says , he 'd been uncertain and edgy .
He turned up , reluctantly , to walk along the red carpet , wave to the crowd , and sit beside director Jim Jarmusch .
" I had been told that if they do n't like what they see , the room is not just freezing , but downright nasty , " he says .
" Jim said that he'd presented a movie a few years before to 2,500 people in the same auditorium and , after the credits ended , there was total silence .
A voice from high up above said , ' Jim , it 's shit . '
Then the booing started .
I thought about that for every minute I sat there watching , despite the audience 's laughter . "
Once the applause started , it went on for five minutes .
Broken Flowers - in which Murray gives an even quieter performance than he did in Lost In Translation - went on to win the Grand Prix , regarded as the festival 's runner - up prize .
Murray plays a successful , middle - aged man called Don Johnston - and yes , there are several in - jokes about Don Johnson of Miami Vice in the script .
He is dumped by his latest girlfriend ( Julie Delpy ) and then receives a mysterious letter , in pink handwriting , from an anonymous former lover , informing him he has a 19 - year - old son .
Johnston begins to crisscross America in search of clues from four old flames : Laura ( Sharon Stone ) , Dora ( Frances Conroy ) , Carmen ( Jessica Lange ) and Penny ( Tilda Swinton ) .
He visits each , unannounced , on a road trip into his past .
Stone 's character is a widow with a seductive daughter , Lolita , who parades naked around the family home .
Lange 's Carmen is off men for good and has a jealous female companion ( Chloë Sevigny ) .
" Just the very thought of someone my age going to visit old girlfriends had instant appeal , " says Murray .
" Even women think , ' That would be interesting . '
Not comfortable , but interesting .
It is not a comfortable film at any point . "
What gave it an added frisson was that Jarmusch , an independent director , was not under the cosh of any film studio .
He told his actors they could play their first scene with Murray any way they wanted .
" Tilda Swinton 's first words to me were , ' What the fuck do you want , Donny ? ' " Murray recalls .
" They kept that line in - it really woke me up . "
There are those who say Murray could do with a wake - up call - something to shake him out of his blank - faced calm .
The New Yorker carried a cartoon of a board meeting , with members realising one of their number is dead at the table .
The caption reads : " I thought he was just doing his Bill Murray impression . "
He 's not one to pretend to emotions he does not feel , which can itself be revealing .
At last year 's Oscars , when he was beaten to a best actor award for his performance in Lost In Translation , he alone among the other four nominees did n't applaud Sean Penn 's victory .
It was refreshing to see an actor refusing to fix a false smile and cheer a rival 's triumph .
What you see with Murray is what you get .
" Pissed off ? " he says , when I mention the Oscars .
" You bet I was .
I do n't approve of award ceremonies , so I was wondering what had persuaded me to attend that one .
I was pissed at myself . "
Murray has made more than 40 movies and there 's still no big prize in sight .
Comedy , however well done , is at the bottom of the barrel when it comes to awards .
He knows it .
So do Steve Martin , Jim Carrey and Mike Myers .
" Even Charlie Chaplin knew it , " Murray says .
" Laughter and the lighter moments of life always seem easy to deliver .
I do n't expect those giving out the awards to understand . "
Murray is the fifth of nine children from small - town Wilmette , Illinois , who spent much of his spare time in his teens on a golf course , caddying for rich local businessmen .
" It was my first glimpse of comedy .
When you see grown men near to tears because they 've missed hitting a little white ball into a hole from three feet , it makes you laugh . "
His blue eyes light up for a second at the memory , but his mouth does n't break into a smile .
His education , he says , was virtually a waste of time .
" I was on the golf course rather than being in lessons .
I could n't really think of anything that interested me . "
Things did not improve after school .
He was arrested for possession of marijuana at Regis College , Denver .
" I sort of dropped to one side .
I could not think of my way through to any sort of long - term career . "
The way he tells it - and Murray does n't tell it very clearly - he flailed around , like an octopus with boxing gloves , in the hope of hitting on something useful .
One thing he had realised was that he could be funny .
He brightens when recalling how his humour appealed to his fellow 10 - year - olds at St Joseph 's school in Illinois .
" I went to the grade school reunion last year , which was a hoot , " he says .
" You spend eight years in grade school with people and they knew you as a kid - they know how you really are .
I made an extraordinary effort to be there , because I was working on a movie .
I had to work extra-long days to get the day off to go .
But it was worth it .
The kids laughed at me at school and they still laugh today .
I got the wish to play to an audience from them . "
He applied , years later , to join the Second City comedy troupe in his nearest city , Chicago .
" I was accepted and got a foot in the door , " he says .
That door opened wider when he joined Dan Aykroyd , Gilda Radner and John Belushi on Saturday Night Live .
" I did not start learning until then , " he says .
" I made a lot of mistakes and realised I had to let them go .
Do n't think about your errors or failures , otherwise you 'll never do a thing . "
Aykroyd , the only survivor of the original SNL line - up , recalls , " Bill would try anything - and get away with anything .
He always looked as if he did n't particularly care , but he cared very much about what he did and how he did it . "
His early movies , beginning with Meatballs ( 1979 ) , directed by Ivan Reitman , seemed like trial and error .
Murray had already fashioned his underwhelmed look , but he did n't shine in the country club movie Caddyshack ( 1980 ) nor the army comedy Stripes ( 1981 ) .
Then came Tootsie ( 1982 ) , playing Dustin Hoffman 's roommate .
He ad - libbed his way through the script .
" They kept on saying , ' Just react . '
So I would come up with lines like ' That is one nutty hospital ' or ' I 'm just afraid you are going to burn in hell for all this ' ...
Then they would write these down as scenes and say , after a few days , ' Come up with something else . '
It was like that through the movie . "
He also learned about power play on a film set , witnessing the constant arguments between Hoffman and director Sydney Pollack .
" Dustin would throw a fit , and the crew just stood back and watched , " he says .
" He 's a perfectionist .
These things explode , but it is always about getting the right sort of film .
Sydney would have a go back and they'd be like these two prize fighters , with veins bulging in their foreheads .
I still felt like the junior guy in movies , so I tried to lighten the mood . "
That took the form of Murray pretending to have a fit himself .
" Everyone knew I was kidding , " he says , " but it helped defuse one or two situations . "
It was n't until Ghostbusters ( 1984 ) , in which Murray teamed up again with Aykroyd , that he was the star of a box - office hit .
It allowed him to become a leading man in a succession of films through the 1980s , including The Razor 's Edge , Little Shop Of Horrors and Scrooged .
Ghostbusters II helped his bank balance more than his acting profile , but in his 1991 hit What About Bob ? , playing a patient pursuing his psychiatrist ( Richard Dreyfuss ) on holiday , Murray was back to his comedic best .
His role as a TV weatherman reliving the same day in Groundhog Day in 1993 and finally getting things right with Andie MacDowell crowned what appeared to be a comedy run with a golden touch .
On the occasion I encountered Murray on a film set - he was making Larger Than Life in Los Angeles in 1996 - his pervasive influence was obvious , apparently in a benign way .
A country band suddenly turned up to play over lunch .
Murray had seen them in action the previous night and wanted them to share their talents with the cast and crew .
The tensions , where all concerned were hugely anxious to produce a hit , were eased and the crew perked up .
( The film was still not a great success , however . )
Four years ago , he was in hot water on the set of the high - profile Charlie 's Angels , in which he played the Angels ' chief , John Bosley , with a glamorous line - up of Cameron Diaz , Drew Barrymore and Lucy Liu .
He made a chance remark to Liu about the quality of the script .
" She got furious with me because she thought it was a personal assault , " he says .
" We went at each other for about 15 or 20 minutes .
We made our peace , but that row has been reported again and again as something really significant .
It happens all the time on film sets when you are arguing about the work . "
Murray did not feature in the sequel .
He was getting a reputation as not the easiest man to work with , and there was churlish talk of younger , funnier comics emerging to overtake him .
By the late 1990s he was in need of a box - office success and quality , and he found them both with three independent , or at least independent - minded , film - makers : Wes Anderson , Jarmusch and Sofia Coppola .
With them , he reinvented himself .
For Anderson , he was a somewhat sinister industrialist in Rushmore , Gwyneth Paltrow 's uptight husband in The Royal Tenenbaums , and , most recently , nonchalantly funny as a washed - up marine explorer in The Life Aquatic With Steve Zissou , appearing much of the time in a wetsuit and capitalising on the pathos and sense of expected failure that have always been enjoyable elements in his performances .
Jarmusch roped Murray in for a turn in his portmanteau movie Coffee And Cigarettes ( 2003 ) , and eventually wrote Broken Flowers specially for him .
In between came Lost In Translation .
" I behaved very well on that movie , " Murray says .
" It is starting to bug me , because they take me for granted .
I do n't think I am doing myself any favours , because I am getting a reputation for being a pushover . "
Or being a muse .
Coppola always had him in mind for the role of ageing film star Bob Harris , in Tokyo to make an advert for Japanese whisky .
It was almost an echo of Murray 's own position when he told a neglected wife ( played by Scarlett Johansson ) , " I am here being paid $ 2 m for a commercial when I could be doing a play . "
There were many threads in the film he recognised from his own life .
" You are always away from home , as a film actor .
Look at me now .
You can be stuck in a hotel , several thousand miles away in a whole different time zone , and it is never glamorous .
You can't sleep , you put on the television in the middle of the night when you can't understand a word , and you make phone calls back home which do n't really give you the comfort they should . "
Murray 's second wife , Jennifer Butler , is at home in Los Angeles .
She rarely travels with him because they have three young sons - Jackson , 11 , Cal , nine and Cooper , eight .
He has two more boys , Homer , 22 , and 19 - year - old Luke , with his first wife , Margaret Kelly .
" I know what it 's like to be that stranger 's voice calling in , " he admits .
" It happens in acting and it happens in business .
Those who are living together all the time and can guarantee seeing each other every night or weekend probably do n't know what I am talking about .
There is also that little - discussed subject - loneliness .
That is a great taboo , is n't it ?
No one really wants to admit they are lonely , and it is never really addressed very much between friends and family .
But I have felt lonely many times in my life .
" The oddest feeling of all was after the death of my mother , Lucille , 10 years ago .
My father had already died , but I always had some attachment to our big family while she was alive .
She was from the previous generation , which kept us all going .
She was always interested in all of us and would pass on all the news from various uncles and aunts .
But when she died , I felt bereft .
It seems strange to say now that I felt so lonely , yet I did .
It was as if her passing put me into the same category of a kid who was an orphan .
Crazy .
And this is from a man in his 40s .
Truth be told , I feel like shedding a tear here and now just talking about it . "
You would n't have known .
Murray 's face does not change much .
An occasional frown , perhaps , or a tightness around the eyes , an overall impression that he would rather not be here talking about himself .
But he has good reason to be pleased with himself .
He 's done his best work since he 's reached middle age .
Despite his hang - dog implacability , he 's not a character actor in the manner of Danny DeVito .
He has never been traditionally handsome in the way of his fellow fiftysomethings Richard Gere and Kevin Costner or the more solid Tom Hanks ( actually 49 ) , but he is a bona fide leading man - among other things , he 's a very good physical performer and he has the charisma that was on full display in Lost In Translation .
It 's possible he 's not sure where he fits in the Hollywood pecking order .
He 's clear on one thing , though .
" Whenever I think of the high salaries we are paid as film actors , I think it is for the travel , the time away , and any trouble you get into through being well known .
It 's not for the acting , that 's for sure . "
He 's also clearly unnerved by the inevitable gaps between working .
When he's not filming , he says , " I do absolutely nothing .
I go home and stay there .
I wash and scrub up each day , and that 's it .
One month I actually grew a moustache , just so I could say that I 'd done something .
I am years behind on reading or seeing movies .
I find myself watching sports on television or riding a stationary bicycle .
Once I break into a sweat , I get off it .
But I can only take so much TV , because there is so much advice .
I find people will preach about virtually anything - your diet , how to live your life , how to improve your golf .
The lot .
I have always had a thing against the Mister Know - It - Alls . "
Murray says his goodbyes , rifles through his pockets for the key to his scooter and eases into the saddle .
He revs up and he 's off on his own way again .
· Broken Flowers is on general release
Senator Clinton to cosponsor Internet neutrality law RAW STORY
Published : Thursday May 18 , 2006 Print This | Email This Senator Hillary Clinton plans to co-sponsor the Dorgan and Snowe Internet neutrality law .
Clinton announced her intentions in a release issued earlier today .
The release , as obtained by RAW STORY , follows : # STATEMENT OF SENATOR HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON ON NET NEUTRALITY
Washington , DC   I support net neutrality .
The open architecture of the Internet has been the critical element that has made it the most revolutionary communications medium since the advent of the television .
Each day on the Internet views are discussed and debated in an open forum without fear of censorship or reprisal .
The Internet as we know it does not discriminate among its users .
It does not decide who can enter its marketplace and it does not pick which views can be heard and which ones silenced .
It is the embodiment of the fundamental democratic principles upon which our nation has thrived for hundreds of years .
I have always , and will continue to strongly and unequivocally support these principles .
As I have worked throughout my Senate career to make broadband access readily available throughout New York State and our nation , I believe that maintaining an open Internet coupled with more broadband access is necessary if we are to meet the promise and the potential of the Internet to disseminate ideas and information , enhance learning , education and business opportunities for all Americans and improve and uplift our citizenry .
We must embrace an open and non-discriminatory framework for the Internet of the 21st century .
Therefore , it is my intention to be an original cosponsor of the Dorgan and Snowe net neutrality legislation to ensure that open , unimpaired and unencumbered Internet access for both its users and content providers is preserved as Congress debates the overhaul of our nations telecommunications laws .
Any effort to fundamentally alter the inherently democratic structure of the Internet must be rejected .
Over the last few months I have analyzed a number of Rails applications w.r.t. performance problems ( some of these involved my consulting business , some were open source ) .
The applications targeted a variety of domains , which resulted in enough differences to make each performance improvement task challenging .
However , there were enough commonalities that made it possible to extract a number of areas where each of these applications fell short of achieving good performance .
These were :
choosing a slow session container
doing things on a per request basis , which could have been done once at startup
repeating identical computations during request processing
reading too often and too much from the database ( especially in conjunction with associations )
relying too much on inefficient helper methods
On top of that , there are still some problem areas within the Rails framework itself , where I 'd like to see improved performance in the future .
Some of these can be worked around at the application level , some can't .
My favorites on this list are :
route recognition and route generation
ActiveRecord object construction
SQL query construction
I 'll provide some tips on coding around these problem areas below .
Some Words of Caution
Following my suggestions in this article , may or may not improve the performance of your application .
Achieving good performance is a tricky business , especially if the performance characteristics of implementation language constructs are somewhat underspecified ( as is the case with Ruby ) .
I strongly suggest to measure your application 's performance before you change anything and then again after each change .
A good tool for performance regression tests is my package railsbench .
It 's really easy to install and benchmarks are defined within a few minutes .
Unfortunately it wo n't tell you where the time is spent in your application .
If you have a windows machine around ( or a dual boot Intel Mac ) , I suggest to evaluate Ruby Performance Validator ( RPVL ) by Software Verification Ltd .
I have found it to be of immense value for my Rails performance work that went into the core of Rails , especially after SVL implemented a call graph feature that I suggested on top of the already existing hot spot view .
As far as I know , it 's the only tool for Ruby application performance analysis on the market right now .
Railsbench has built in support for RPVL , which makes it a snap to run benchmarks defined for railsbench under RPVL .
Choosing a Session Container
Rails comes with several built in session containers .
All applications I have analyzed used either PStore , which stores session information in a separate file on your file system , or ActiveRecordStore , which stores it in the database .
Both choices are less than ideal , especially slowing down action cached pages .
Two much better alternatives are available : SQLSessionStore and MemCacheStore .
SQLSessionStore avoids the overhead associated with ActiveRecordStore by
not using transactions ( they are not required for correct operation of SQLSessionStore )
offloading the work of updating " created_at " and " updated_at " to the database
If you use Mysql , you should make sure to use a MyISAM table for sessions .
It is faster than InnoDB , and transactions are not required .
I have recently added Postgres support to SQLSessionStore , but Postgres seems to be a lot slower for session storage than Mysql with MyISAM tables , so I suggest to install Mysql just for the session table ( I can't think of a good use case were you 'd need to join based on session id ) if you want DB based session storage .
MemCacheStore is even faster than SQLSessionStore .
My measurements show a 30 % speed improvement for action cached pages .
You need need to install Eric Hodel 's memcache client library and do some configuration in environment.rb to be able to use it .
Warning : do not attempt to use Ruby - Memcache ( it 's really , really slow ) .
For my own projects I tend to use database based session storage , as it enables simple administration through either the Rails command line or administrative tools provided by the database package .
You 'd need to write your own scripts for MemCacheStore .
On the other hand , memchached presumably scales better for very high traffic web sites and comes with Rails supported automated session expiry .
Caching Computations During Request Processing
If you need the same data over and over again , during processing a single request , and can't use class level caching because your data depends in some way on the request parameters , cache the data to avoid repeated calculations .
The pattern is easily employed :
module M
def get_data_for ( request )
@cached_data_for_request ||=
begin
expensive computation depending on request returning data
end
end
end
Your code could be as simple as " A " .. " Z" . to_a or it could be a database query , retrieving a specific user , for example .
Perform Request Independent Computations at Startup or on First Access
This advice is so simple that I hesitated somewhat if I should include it in this article .
But I find that many applications I have analyzed failed to employ this useful optimization .
The technique is actually very simple : if you have data that does n't change over your application 's lifetime , or changes so seldom that a server restart could be employed if it changes , cache this data in an appropriate class variable on some class of your application .
The general pattern goes like this :
class C
@@cached_data = nil
def self.cached_data
@@cached_data ||= expensive computation returning data
end
...
end
Some examples :
application configuration data ( if your application is designed to be installed by others )
never changing ( static ) data in your database ( otherwise use caching )
detecting installed Ruby classes / modules using ObjectSpace.each
Optimizing Queries
Rails comes with a powerful domain specific language for defining associations between model classes which reflect table relationships .
Alas , the current implementation has n't been optimized for performance , yet .
Relying on the built in generated accessors can severely hurt performance .
The first part of the problem is usually described as the " 1+N " query problem : if you load a N objects from class Article ( table " articles " ) , which has a n - 1 relationship to class Author ( table " authors " ) , accessing the author of a given article using the generated accessor methods will cause N additional queries to the database .
This , of course , puts some additional load on the database , but more importantly for Rails application server performance , the SQL query statements to be issued will be reconstructed for object accessed .
You can get around this overhead by adding an : include => : author to your query parameters like so :
Articles.find ( : all , : conditions => ... , : include => :author )
This will avoid all of the above mentioned overhead by issuing a single SQL statement and constructing the author objects immediately .
This technique is commonly called " find with eager associations " and can also be used with other relationship types ( such as 1 - 1 , 1 - n or n - m ) .
However , n- 1 relationships can be optimized further by using a technique called " piggy backing " : ActiveRecord objects involving joins carry the attributes from the join table (s ) along the attributes from the original table .
Thus , a single query with a join can be used to fetch all required information from the database .
You could replace the query above with
Articles.find ( : all , : conditions => ... ,
: joins => " LEFT JOIN authors ON articles.author_id=authors.id " ,
: select => " articles .* , authors.name AS author_name " )
assuming that your view will only display the author 's name attached to the article information .
If , in addition , your view only displays a subset of the available article columns , say " title " , " author_id " and " created_at " , you should modify the above to
Articles.find ( : all , : conditions => ... ,
: joins => " LEFT JOIN authors ON articles.author_id=authors.id " ,
: select => " articles.id , articles.title , articles.created_at , articles.author_id , authors.name AS author_name " )
In general , loading only partial objects can be used to speed up queries quite a bit , especially if you have a large number of columns on your model objects .
In order to get the full speedup from the technique , you also need to define a method on the model class to access any attributes piggy backed on the query :
class Articles
...
def author_name
@attributes [' author_name ' ] ||= author.name
end
end
Using this pattern relieves you from knowing whether the original query has a join or not , when writing your view code .
If your database supports views , you could define a view containing just the required information and you would get around writing complicated queries manually .
This would also get you the correct data conversion for fields retrieved from the join table .
As of now , you do n't get these from Rails , but need to code them manually .
Note for " living on the edge guys " : I got tired of repeating the same patterns over and over again .
So I coded a small extension which does most of the work automatically .
A preliminary release can be found on my blog .
Avoiding Slow Helpers
A number of helpers in Rails core will run rather slowly .
In general , all helpers that take a URL hash will invoke the routing module to generate the shortest URL referencing the underlying controller action .
This implies that several routes in the route file need to be examined , which is a costly process , most of the time .
Even with a route file as simple as
ActionController :: Routing :: Routes.draw do |map|
map.connect '' , : controller => " welcome "
map.connect ':controller/service.wsdl ' , :action => ' wsdl '
map.connect ':controller/:action/:id '
end
you will see a big performance difference between writing
link_to " Look here for joke #{h @joke .
title} " ,
{ :controller => " jokes " , :action => " show " , : id => @joke } ,
{ :class => " joke_link " }
and coding out the tiny piece of HTML directly :
< a href= " / jokes/show /<%= @joke.id % > "
class= " joke_link " >
Look here for joke <%= h @joke .
title %></a>
For pages displaying a large number of links , I have measured speed improvements up to 200 % ( given everything else has been optimized ) .
In order to make the template code more readable and avoid needless repetition , I usually add helper methods for link generation to application.rb :
def fast_link ( text , link , html_options = '' )
%( < a href= " #{request.relative_url_root}/#{link} " > hmtl_options >#{text} )
end
def joke_link ( text , link )
fast_link ( text , " joke /#{link} " , ' class = " joke_link " ' )
end
writing the example above as :
joke_link " Look here for joke #{h @joke .
title} " , " show / <%= @joke.id % > "
Of course , coding around the slowness of route generation in this way is cumbersome and should only be used on performance critical pages .
If you do n't need to improve your performance today ( uh , this sounds like some of the spam mails I get everyday ) , you could wait for the first release of my upcoming template optimizer , which will do all of this automatically for you , most of the time .
Topics for Future Rails Performance Improvement
As mentioned above , performance of route recognition and route generation leaves something to be desired .
The route generation problem will be addressed by my template optimizer .
Last week a new route implementation was incorporated into the Rails development branch .
I performed some measurements which seem to indicate performance impovements for route recognition .
For routes generation , I got mixed results .
It remains to be seen whether the new implementation can be improved to a point where it 's consistently faster than the previous one .
Retrieving a large number of ActiveRecord objects from the database is relatively slow .
Not so much because the actual wire transfer is slow , but the construction of the Ruby objects inside Rails is rather expensive , due to representing row data as hashes indexed by string keys .
Moving to an array based row class should rectify this problem .
However , doing this properly would involve changing substantial parts of the ActiveRecord implementation , so it should not be expected to arrive before Rails 2.0 .
Finally , the way SQL queries are constructed currently , makes the computation of the queries more expensive than the retrieval of the actual data from the database .
I think we could improve this a lot by changing it so that most SQL queries can be created once and simply be augmented by actual parameter values .
The only way to work around this problem at the moment is coding your queries manually .
Note : these are my own opinions about possible avenues to pursue for better performance and do not represent any official " core team " opinion towards these issues .
Conclusion
The list of problems cited above should not fool you into thinking that Rails might be too slow ( or even that I think it 's too slow ) .
To the contrary , I 'm convinced that Rails is an excellent web application development framework , usable for developing robust and also fast web applications , at increased productivity .
Like all frameworks , it offers convenience methods , which can greatly improve your development speed and which are appropriate most of the time for most of your needs .
But sometimes , when it 's necessary to squeeze out some extra requests per second , or when you are restricted to limited hardware resources , it 's good to know how performance can be improved .
Hopefully this article has helped outlining some areas which can be used as points of attack , should you experience performance problems .
About the author
Stefan Kaes writes RailsExpress , the definitive blog about Rails performance and is the author of the forthcoming book , " Performance Rails " , scheduled to publish in early 2007 .
Stefan 's book will be among the first in the new Addison - Wesley Professional Ruby Series , set to launch in late 2006 with the second edition of Hal Fulton 's " The Ruby Way " and the flagship " Professional Ruby on Rails " , authored by Series Editor Obie Fernandez .
The Series will consist of a robust library of learning tools for how to make the most of Ruby and Rails in the professional settings .
Google Inc. evolved from a tiny start - up to the shining star of American enterprise in less than a decade by bringing knowledge to billions of people .
There ’s still one thing almost no one knows : How Google works .
“ It ’s somewhat of a paradox , ” said Jordan Rohan , a financial analyst at RBC Capital Markets .
“ Google ’s whole purpose is to make information easier to access -- unless , of course , you want to know information about Google . ”
The Internet giant ’s business model sounds simple .
It attracts audiences through search and other Web services , displays targeted ads and charges marketers only when their ads are clicked on .
Advertisement
All that depends on imponderably complex mathematical formulas , a sophisticated accounting system , an aloof corporate culture and a growth strategy secret to all but the upper echelon of the company -- making Google one of the most mysterious companies of this century or last .
Although Google playfully reveals how much chicken and coffee its engineers consume every month , as it did during Google Press Day last year , the company wo n’t disclose much potentially helpful information about its core business , such as how many search queries it returns , how many companies advertise through Google and whether ad prices are increasing or decreasing .
Google ’s unwillingness to disclose little more than the legally required basics of how it does what it does -- and where it ’s headed -- has left advertisers puzzled , partners confused , competitors nervous and investors frustrated .
Even seasoned Wall Street analysts are left scratching their heads at precisely how Google posted $ 6.1 billion in revenue last year .
So far , Google ’s secrecy does n’t appear to have put too much of a damper on the leading search engine ’s financial or investment prospects .
Google in March performed 49 % of all U.S. Web searches , up from 47 % the previous year and more than double its nearest competitor , Yahoo Inc. , according to research firm Nielsen / NetRatings .
Marketers continue to increase their ad spending , as evidenced by Google ’s 93 % year - over - year revenue growth in 2005 .
And , even after a bit of a slump in the last month , its shares have risen 53 % in the last year .
Advertisement
But pressure is mounting on Google to be more forthcoming .
The very secrecy that helped the company vault to the top of the media - industry pyramid -- its $ 112 - billion market value is almost as much as those of Time Warner Inc. and Yahoo combined -- could backfire if advertisers and technology partners begin to support its rivals .
Google “ is the big kid in the schoolyard , ” said Andy Beal , chief executive of Fortune Interactive , an online marketing firm that works with Google and other search engines .
“ It makes the rules , and it reserves the right to change the rules .
But there ’s only so long it can continue to do that before the other kids say , ‘ We ’re not going to play with them anymore . ’ ”
All search companies are secretive .
But as the largest and most idiosyncratic , Google has drawn the most scrutiny .
Google executives say they are trying to operate more transparently .
Advertisement
“ Google ’s concluded that our interests as a company are better served by being more open about what we are doing , and what we are n’t , ” Elliot Schrage , Google ’s vice president of global communications and public affairs , said at the start of the company ’s annual meeting for media and analysts May 10 .
“ Of course , ” he quickly added , “ there are limits . ”
He and other Google executives acknowledge that there is much internal debate over where to draw that line .
How does
Google shake the mantle of being so mysterious without giving an edge to competitors and those trying to game the search rankings ?
“ It ’s a very good question , ” Google Chief Executive Eric Schmidt said .
“ I do n’t know how to answer it . ”
Advertisement
After all , Google has some very good reasons for keeping parts of its business secret .
A top ranking in the search results has become such valuable online real estate that an entire industry has sprung up to try to boost websites .
But Google ’s popularity depends on its ability to deliver relevant search results .
Bogus results could drive away users .
So Google has kept its ranking formula -- which the company says includes more than 200 signals -- more secret than the recipe for Coca - Cola .
Google also is locked in a battle with deep - pocketed competitors , including Yahoo and Microsoft Corp. , which would be happy to use Google ’s secrets in their own favor .
It was discretion that allowed the company a few years ago to sneak up on those Internet giants , whose executives had little idea how profitable search - related ads could be until 2004 , when Google ’s decision to go public forced it to begin revealing its finances .
Advertisement
Consumers had already been dazzled by Google ’s search engine for years , with little idea of how it worked .
Co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin created the core technology as graduate students at Stanford University .
They said it ranked results by analyzing the links to a website to determine its relative importance , but they -- and their competitors -- have remained vague to keep people from artificially raising their sites ’ rankings .
“ You do n’t want to give the game away , ” said Danny Sullivan , editor of SearchEngineWatch.com , an industry newsletter .
“ At the same time , your lack of talking causes people to mistrust you .
Perhaps it ’s the culture of search -- you ’ve got these enemies all around you . ”
Google pokes fun at its own evasiveness .
A Google search for “ How does Google work ? ” delivers , as the first result , a link to a website explaining that results are delivered by a cluster of birds working together in a system called PigeonRank .
The page was created by a Google employee as an April Fools ’ Day gag in 2002 .
The ranking method is no joke for the thousands of businesses that depend on Google for the flood of traffic that a top search result delivers .
Companies have found their websites dropped from the results without explanation , and it can take months to get back into Google ’s good graces .
Advertisement
Google publishes a list of guidelines “ for maintaining a Google - friendly website , ” warning against such tactics as loading Web pages with irrelevant words or hidden text to try to artificially boost search rankings .
It also periodically changes the way it ranks sites , to counteract more sophisticated tactics in the cat - and - mouse game with “ search engine optimizers . ”
Whenever it does , online message boards fill with complaints from webmasters saying their sites got the “ Google death penalty . ”
A few dropped companies have sued Google to no avail , including a website operator who argued that his business had been hurt when Google dropped his sites .
An Oklahoma federal judge dismissed that case in 2003 , saying Google ’s rankings amounted to a constitutionally protected expression of opinion .
Advertisers who pay to appear in “ sponsored links ” alongside the regular search results also have felt the frustration .
Search advertising is praised as a cost - effective way to reach consumers when they have something specific on their minds .
It ’s also maddeningly complex .
Unlike Yellow Pages or newspapers , many marketers have little clue when or where their ads will appear .
That ’s because Google ’s system is a dynamic auction .
Advertisers bid for placement , but price is only one factor in ranking the ads .
Google also uses “ click - through - rate ” -- if ads are n’t clicked on much , they will be replaced by others that are .
Searchers are more likely to be interested in those ads , which helps marketers sell products and Google get paid .
Advertisement
“ It ’s a great system , ” said Joshua Stylman , managing partner at Reprise Media Inc. , a New York firm that manages search campaigns for advertisers such as Warner Bros.
Entertainment Inc. , BellSouth Corp. and Guess Inc .
“ Inherently all of the constituencies have the same incentive . ”
But it ’s tricky to do well , and Google in August made it even harder when it began adding other factors to the ad- ranking mix , including some it would n’t disclose .
“ It ’s become more of a black box , because they do n’t tell you specifically what those attributes are , nor do they explain the interplay between them , ” Stylman said .
“ The opacity of the auction is making it more challenging to manage . ”
Even people who are making money from Google are puzzled by its secrecy .
In addition to search ads , the company brokers ads for display on content sites such as blogs and newspapers ; every time someone clicks on one of the “ contextual ads , ” Google shares the revenue with the publisher .
But Google wo n’t tell most website owners how much commission it ’s taking .
Advertisement
The secrecy extends to Wall Street .
When it went public in 2004 , Google vowed to eschew several standard practices of public companies , including issuing financial predictions each quarter .
As a result , seasoned analysts trying to chart Google ’s growth path often look like hapless day traders .
Wall Street knows how many iPods and computers Apple Computer Inc. ships , how many items EBay Inc. lists for auction and how many vehicles Ford Motor Co. sells because the companies disclose that information .
Google , in contrast , discloses only basic financial information , such as its profit , expenses and balance sheet .
“ Google has taken an approach that , in everything from their IPO on down , the less information they convey , the better , ” said Ellen Siminoff , a former Yahoo executive who now runs Efficient Frontier Inc. , a search marketing firm .
“ They do n’t have to provide more metrics to Wall Street because people are buying the stock anyway . ”
Advertisement
CEO Schmidt recognized that Google faced a perception problem , but said that Google could be at a big disadvantage if it unilaterally began releasing more information than its competitors did .
There ’s another big barrier to disclosure : Google is really complicated .
Schmidt said he relied on a team of engineers with a background in physics to calculate how the company was performing from financial , technological and operational standpoints .
The Google system is such “ a complex box , ” Schmidt said , that when he wants an update , “ I have to have a one - hour meeting with the physicists to get it all right . ”
If Google were to start releasing specific data , he said , the company ’s market valuation could swing by billions of dollars in a single day because investors do n’t understand how those metrics fit into the big picture .
Advertisement
“ That ’s hogwash , ” said Rohan , the RBC analyst .
“ Google does n’t have to give away trade secrets to make the company a little bit more transparent . ”
All this intrigue should n’t be such a surprise to people who read the letter that Google ’s founders wrote to prospective shareholders when they took the company public , UBS Investment Research analyst Ben Schachter said .
“ They are running their business as they laid out in their letter to shareholders , ” he said .
“ The letter says , ‘ Trust us . ’
That ’s essentially what you have to do if you ’re investing in this company . ”
Since our last update , the Task Force has continued to compile scientific and governmental information related to COVID - 19 and to meet frequently to help guide the Board in its decisions about our response to the situation .
Our accountability is to our members and friends who would congregate in our building , which is relatively small , confined , [… ]
Welcome to Home Distiller
The calculators page has been * mostly * fixed !
We will be working on improving them but for now most of them seem functional .
What is Home Distiller ?
HomeDistiller.org is the largest Online Resource for Distillers .
This site contains detailed information regarding the creation of distilled spirits for beginners to advanced distillers .
The information contained here is the distilled ( pardon the pun ) information contained in our forums .
To ask specific questions or to do more research , check out the Home Distiller Forums .
Beginners
The journey of a thousand steps starts with one
Beginners should check the Beginner 's Guide and New Distiller Reading Lounge .
Beginner 's Guide to Making Distilled Spirits :
This should be your first read to start your journey .
Washes , Mashing and Fermentation
Let the fungus make magic
Once you 've decided what you 're going to make here 's how to get it started .
Most good things start with good water Wash preparation from grains to starch Fermentation of sugar into alcohol by yeast
You would n't want to drink a distillers version of a beer Wine is the precursor to brandy and many related spirits
Need some inspiration , start here : Tried and True Recipes All things Mashing related : Category : Mashing All things Fermenting related : Category : Fermentation All things Yeast related : Category : Yeast
Distillation
Ye Olde Timey Pot still
Now that your fermentation is complete the fun part comes next .
Maturation , Storage , and Flavoring of Spirits
Barrels and barrels
You 're done making your product , next comes worst part , waiting .
Drinking & Cocktails
Bottoms up !
Now the best part , enjoying your product !
Archive of the Previous HD Content
Only valid formeans ( no spam postings ) .
This willbeing checked at www.starbike.com shopping basket so make sure that you are logged in at the WW board !
If there does not appear a WW discount position when you check out you do not have enough postings !
Give Idaho back to Britain .
I hate Idaho drivers .
I know , I know , everybody has a local horror story about bad drivers , but until you 've experienced the lofty heights of ineptitude of an Idaho driver , kindly shut the hell up .
I 've done a fair amount of driving around the states , and people from Idaho take the cake .
If you see some dipshit holding up traffic for miles , there 's a good chance that the driver is from Idaho .
Just look for this stupid plate :
Idaho 's state colors are : red , white , and boring .
I 'd go so far as to say that Idaho is the most boring state in the union .
Though , I have to admit that I 've never been to New Hampshire , where the most interesting thing that state has / had going for it is the formation of a cliff that kind of looked like the face of an old man when viewed from a certain angle .
New Hampshire is so boring that they literally put this arbitrary geological formation on their state coin .
The " face " finally collapsed in 2003 , causing many to be so distressed that they literally cried :
WHERE'S YOUR OLD MAN NOW ?
New Hampshire 's Tourism Industry : 0 , Me : 1 .
To be fair , having a rock that sort of looks like a face as your state symbol is like diving into a tub full of tits when compared to Idaho , where there 's so little going on that they proudly proclaim how famous their potatoes are on their license plates .
Are you kidding me ?
Celebrities are famous .
Landmarks are famous .
The starchy , underground stems of plants that are used for deep frying side dishes are not .
Wow , your state vegetable is a tuber .
SNORE .
Idaho is possibly the only state in the union that actively makes its residents become shitty drivers because of how uninteresting it is .
There are n't any " skyscrapers " in Idaho , so when they get bored , they drive down to Utah to gawk at ours .
The only problem is , there are n't any skyscrapers in Utah either .
Here 's a comparison chart to show the tallest building in Salt Lake City ( the largest city in Utah ) , to some landmarks in real cities :
I 've pissed higher than the tallest building in Utah .
So you can imagine how bored you 'd have to be to come here .
If you still are n't convinced that Idaho is the dullest place on earth , here 's a list of things to do in Idaho ( these come directly from visitidaho.org ) :
Visit the 45th parallel : " Just 2.5 miles north of New Meadows on U.S. 95 lies the imaginary line of the 45th Parallel .
This sign - posted line marks the spot half - way between the Equator and the North Pole and is a popular photo - stop .
A small rest stop offers visitors information about the area . "
Oooh !
The 45th parallel , sounds like seconds of fun .
I 'd better bring extra film in case one of the rolls do n't develop , because otherwise my friends will never believe that I 've actually been to the 45th parallel !
Pass .
Moscow Area Agricultural Loop Tour : " Idaho is not only number one in potato growing but produces the most lentils , too .
Latah County is referred to as the Dry Pea and Lentil Capital of the World , where peas and beans are grown in the Palouse hills surrounding Moscow .
The area is also filled with winter wheat fields .
The Moscow Chamber of Commerce provides a detailed visitor 's guide for your own driving tour of this productive and picturesque farmland . "
HOLY SHIT , I LIVE NEXT TO THE DRY PEA AND LENTIL CAPITAL OF THE WORLD ?
Why did n't anyone tell me ???
Here I 've been shit - listing Utah for all these years , when I 've been living in a state that borders the dry pea and lentil capital of the world .
I hereby revoke anything bad I 've ever said about Idaho .
And by revoke , I mean reaffirm .
Boise Towne Square Mall : " Idaho 's largest mall offers anchor stores Macy's , Dillard's , Mervyns , J. C. Penney , Sears and numerous other shops and restaurants .
Other stores located nearby include Toys R Us , Target , Best Buy , Linens n'
Things and more .
The neighborhood has grown into the largest shopping area in Idaho . "
Visit such exotic locations as J.C. Penney , Mervyns , Best Buy , and Sears , all for free ?
Get out .
It 's almost like the Idaho board of tourism does n't want tourists .
Idaho is the only state where not telling people what there is to see will actually get more people to visit .
Not only is Idaho a ho - hum state , Idahoans ( their word , not mine ) are gullible .
Idaho was named in 1860 by George M. Willing , a mining lobbyist who pulled the name out of his ass ( look it up ) .
He picked the name " idaho " and told congress that it was a Shoshone Indian word that meant " Gem of the Mountains . "
Most westerners in the United States are completely devoid of any cultural heritage , so it has always been popular out here to latch onto American Indian monikers .
When people finally caught on that " Idaho " was a made up name , it was too late .
The name caught on and the morons who live there have called themselves " Idahoans " ever since .
I propose that we give Idaho back to the British , since that 's who we got it from in the first place .
I do n't think it 'll be too much of a problem because there are n't a lot of people in Idaho .
According to the 2004 Census report , Idaho 's population is 1,393,262 .
Just for comparison , there are 1,970,000 cows in Idaho .
New rule : if your state has more cows than people , you do n't get to be a state anymore .
Pictured above : Idaho 's busiest airport .
The biggest thing to happen to Idaho in years is the movie " Napoleon Dynamite , " which was filmed there .
This movie was such a big deal that Idaho 's state legislature has proposed a resolution to commend the creators of the movie for raising awareness of Idaho .
Way to put those tax dollars to use you shit dicks .
Bang - up job .
3,058,244 legislators from Idaho are considering a resolution to condemn me for being mean .
© 1997-2017 by Maddox
LOS ANGELES -- Terry Wallis awoke from a coma - like state 19 years after tumbling over a guardrail in a pickup truck and falling 25 feet into a dry riverbed .
Now doctors armed with some of the latest brain - imaging technology think they may know part of the reason why .
Wallis showed few outward signs of consciousness , but his brain was methodically rebuilding the white - matter infrastructure necessary for him to interact with the outside world , researchers reported yesterday in the Journal of Clinical Investigation .
``I believe it 's a very , very slow self - healing process of the brain , " said Henning Voss , lead author of the study and a physicist at Weill Cornell Medical College 's Citigroup Biomedical Imaging Center .
Wallis emerged from a minimally conscious state in 2003 at the age of 39 and uttered his first word since Ronald W. Reagan was in the White House : ``Mom . "
Since then , the onetime mechanic from Big Flat , Ark. , has regained the ability to form sentences and recovered some use of his limbs , though he still can't walk or feed himself .
Using both Positron Emission Tomography scans and an advanced imaging technique called diffusion tensor imaging , the researchers examined Wallis 's brain after he regained full consciousness , and found that cells in the relatively undamaged areas had formed new axons , the long nerve fibers that transmit messages between neurons .
`` In essence , Terry 's brain may have been seeking out new pathways to reestablish functional connections to areas involved in speech and motor control -- to compensate for those lost due to damage , " said the study 's senior author , Dr. Nicholas Schiff , a neurologist at the Weill Cornell Medical College in New York .
Schiff cautioned that Wallis was a ` `1 in 300 million " case .
But Dr. Steven Laureys , a neurologist at the University of Liege in Belgium , said the findings will force doctors to reconsider the way they treat patients who are in minimally conscious and persistent vegetative states .
`` It does show there are changes happening " in the brain , said Laureys , who coauthored a commentary that also appears in the journal .
`` It obliges us to reconsider old dogmas . "
In a minimally conscious state , a patient shows intermittent signs of awareness but generally is unable to interact with the outside world .
It is a less severe condition than a persistent vegetative state , in which the patient is awake but has no awareness of herself or her surroundings .
Terri Schiavo , the Florida woman at the center of a right - to - die battle , had been in a persistent vegetative state for 15 years when her husband won a court order to have her feeding tube removed last year .
Neurologists believe that the longer a patient remains in a minimally conscious or persistent vegetative state , the lower the chances for recovery .
As a result , such patients are often neglected by doctors and insurance companies , and it can be difficult for family members to find facilities that will accept them , Laureys said .
In his last few years at Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center in Mountain View , Ark. , Wallis 's family began to notice that Terry , a Ford enthusiast , would grunt when a Chevrolet commercial came on the television .
They said he answered questions by blinking his eyes .
About two years before he regained full consciousness , he began taking the antidepressant Paxil , which his doctors think may have contributed to his recovery .
Within a week of his first utterance , Wallis began speaking in simple sentences .
Once paralyzed from the neck down , he can now point with his left hand and move both legs .
The researchers scanned Wallis 's brain eight months after his awakening and found strong evidence that axons were making new connections in the cerebellum , the region that controls movement .
The activity was stronger than in the brains of 20 healthy people scanned for the sake of comparison , and seemed to correlate with Wallis 's physical improvement , Voss said .
When his brain was rescanned 18 months later , signs of growth in the cerebellum had leveled off , and other areas of the brain were using more energy .
Wallis 's language skills improved during that time ; he learned to count to 25 without interruption , and his speech became more intelligible .
But when the researchers looked for evidence of increased activity in the language centers of his brain , they found none .
`` Maybe we just missed it , or maybe the language areas are unusable because important connections are missing , " said Voss , who theorizes that another part of the brain may have picked up the slack .
Voss and his colleagues also scanned the brain of a car accident victim who is still minimally conscious , and they found significant axonal regrowth as well .
That patient , however , has not shown corresponding clinical improvement , according to the study .
© Copyright 2006 Globe Newspaper Company .
I ’ve spent large parts of the last week editing maps for a game
system I ’m working on .
I ’ve been using the GIMP graphics editor , and I ’m pretty
impressed with it .
I have n’t found anything I can’t easily make it do
— except , oddly enough , draw straight lines between defined
endpoints .
( I suspect there ’s actually a way to do this using the
path facility . )
I have a requirement to prepare about six different variants of a
base map , using the same topographic map but with different
arrangements of national borders .
I ’ve handled this by creating a
multi- layered XCF file with the topo map as the background and the
different borders as optional overlays .
OK , so I save the variants to flat PNGs by hand whenever I change the
image , but that ’s a pain .
What I wanted was a way to put in my makefile
instructions that say , for each variant map , that it depends on the XCF
and the way to make it is to composite a particular selected subset of layers
by running GIMP in batch mode .
Fortunately , GIMP has an embedded Scheme interpreter that ’s good
for exactly this kind of thing .
Looking at some Python - Fu code by
Carol Spears taught me enough about the API to get started ; the fact
that I ’m an old LISP head got me the rest of the way .
Here it is .
;; Batch - mode select and save of a layer set as a PNG . ;;
Has to be copied into ~/.gimp -2.2/ scripts to work ;; ;;
Note :
This assumes that gimp - drawable - get - name returns a list with ; ; the actual string name as its car .
This is what gimp - 2.2 does , but ;; not what the documentation says it should do !
( define ( layer - set - saver infile select outfile ) ( let* ( ( image ( car ( gimp - file - load RUN - NONINTERACTIVE infile infile ) ) ) ( layers ( cadr ( gimp - image - get - layers image ) ) ) ( ind 0 ) ) ( while (< ind ( length layers ) ) ( let* ( ( layer ( aref layers ind ) ) ( layer - name ( car ( gimp - drawable - get - name layer ) ) ) ) ( gimp - drawable - set - visible layer ( if ( member layer - name select ) 1 0 ) ) ) ( set ! ind (+ ind 1 ) ) ) ( file - png - save - defaults RUN - NONINTERACTIVE image ( car ( gimp - image - flatten image ) ) outfile outfile ) ) ( gimp - quit 0 ) )
Here 's one of my makefile productions .
The second arg is a list of layer names .
basic.png : basic.xcf gimp - i - b '( layer - set - saver " basic.xcf " ( quote ( " topographic " " skinny - borders " " grey - switzerland " ) ) " basic.png " ) '
Apologies for the long line .
LISP truly is The Language That Will Not Die .
And that ’s a good thing .
The US assault began exactly a year ago
Rai says this amounts to the illegal use of chemical arms , though the bombs are considered incendiary devices .
Eyewitnesses and ex-US soldiers say the weapon was used in built - up areas in the insurgent - held city .
The US military denies this , but admits using white phosphorus bombs in Iraq to illuminate battlefields .
Washington is not a signatory of an international treaty restricting the use of white phosphorus devices .
WHITE PHOSPHORUS
Spontaneously flammable chemical used for battlefield illumination Contact with particles causes burning of skin and flesh Use of incendiary weapons prohibited for attacking civilians ( Protocol III of Convention on Certain Conventional Weapons ) Protocol III not signed by US
Transmission of the documentary comes a day after the arrival of Iraqi President Jalal Talabani on a five - day official visit to Italy .
It also coincides with the first anniversary of the US - led assault on Falluja , which displaced most of the city 's 300,000 population and left many of its buildings destroyed .
The documentary was shown on Rai's rolling news channel , with a warning that the some of the footage was disturbing .
The future of the 3,000 - strong Italian peacekeeping contingent in Iraq is the subject of a political tug - of - war , says the BBC's David Willey in Rome .
' Destroyed evidence '
The documentary begins with formerly classified footage of the Americans using napalm bombs during the Vietnam war .
It then shows a series of photographs from Falluja of corpses with the flesh burnt off but clothes still intact - which it says is consistent with the effects of white phosphorus on humans .
Jeff Englehart , described as a former US soldier who served in Falluja , tells of how he heard orders for white phosphorus to be deployed over military radio - and saw the results .
Last December , the US state department issued a denial of what it called " widespread myths " about the use of illegal weapons in Falluja .
" Phosphorus shells are not outlawed .
US forces have used them very sparingly in Falluja , for illumination purposes .
They were fired into the air to illuminate enemy positions at night , not at enemy fighters , " the US statement said .
However , the Rai film also alleges that Washington has systematically attempted to destroy filmed evidence of the alleged use of white phosphorus on civilians in Falluja .
Italian public opinion has been consistently against the war and the Rai documentary can only reinforce calls for a pullout of Italian soldiers as soon as possible , our correspondent says .
Both the Italian government and opposition leaders are talking about a phased withdrawal in 2006 .
President Talabani and the US say the continued presence of multi-national forces in Iraq is essential .
Americans represent 5 % of the world 's population but drive almost a third of its cars , which in turn account for nearly half the carbon dioxide pumped out of exhaust pipes into the atmosphere each year , according to a report .
US cars play a disproportionate role in global warming because they are less fuel efficient than passenger vehicles used elsewhere in the world , emitting 15 % more carbon dioxide , and because they are driven further across America 's wide open spaces , said the report by the Environmental Defence watchdog group .
Americans drive 202 m passenger vehicles out of 683 m worldwide .
The average US passenger vehicle , with a fuel economy of less than 20 mpg , travels 11,000 miles a year , nearly a third more than cars elsewhere , according to Wednesday 's report , Global Warming on the Road .
With suburban sprawl far outpacing the growth of public transport networks , Americans are commuting more each year , shopping more , and driving further to the shops each time .
Between 1990 and 2001 the number of miles travelled on American shopping trips rose by 40 % .
The boom in sports utility vehicles ( SUVs ) has peaked as a result of soaring fuel prices , but overall US fuel consumption will continue to rise in the next few years , the study found .
The huge Hummers , Chevrolet Suburbans and Ford Excursions bought in recent years will represent a bigger share of the cars on the road , as older , smaller cars end up on the scrapheap .
More SUVs are sold in the US than any other type of car , overtaking small cars in 2002 .
The report predicted that they " soon will be the main source of automotive CO2 emissions " , emitting the equivalent of 55 large coal - fired power plants .
" The fuel economy of US vehicles has been declining since 1988 , which means the CO2 emissions have been increasing , associated with a shift to large trucks , " said John DeCicco , one of the report 's authors .
While cars account for a tenth of greenhouse gas emissions around the world , American cars are responsible for 20 % of US energy - related emissions .
The Environmental Defence report found : " The amount of CO2 emitted from oil used for transportation in the United States is similar to the amount from coal used to generate electricity . "
General Motors , the biggest US car manufacturer , is responsible for nearly a third of those emissions , more than the biggest US power company , American Electric Power .
GM and other car companies did not comment directly on the report , but noted that they were seeking to improve the energy efficiency and reduce the emissions of their fleets .
Mr DeCicco argues that far more stringent measures are needed , including a national cap on carbon emissions and a trading system that would allow companies that made more efficient cars to sell their carbon emissions rights to other firms .
He also suggested that local authorities should be given financial credits for innovations that lead residents to drive less , providing better public transport or building shops closer to where people live .
The report also urges a rapid transition to fuels containing less carbon , like the ethanol President Bush has predicted will end his country 's " addiction to oil " .
It was only my second job out of university , working as a software developer for a small consulting company in Copenhagen .
I was 26 years old , dressed in a suit and tie that still felt like a halloween costume to me , having meetings with the customer ’s VP of finance , trying to find out exactly what the IT system we were developing for their new factory should be capable of .
The customer was in France , and I regularly flew down there from Copenhagen for work and meetings , landing in Basel , an airport situated so you can exit into Germany , France or Switzerland , depending on which exit you choose .
As one of my colleagues found out to his cost when he accidentally exited on the Swiss side rather than the French and ended up paying Swiss taxi rates for the trip to the customer ’s factory rather than French .
Now here ’s the problem :
At every single meeting , the customer changes the specs for the system .
First they want this , then they want that .
First they want it in this way , then in that way .
Meanwhile , I ’m quietly going crazy .
Of course I never show it , oh no , I play the consummate professional , capable of dealing with everything .
And of course the customer is always right – right ?
So I coolly explain to them that “ this is different than what you said at our last meeting and implementing the change will be costly ” .
They just say “ sure , but that ’s what we want ” .
And then , finally , I lose it at a meeting .
They introduce change number 2883 ( by my loose reconing ) , once again going back on what they ’ve told me previously , and I snap .
I actually pound the table with my fist , snap my folder shut and say through clenched teeth “ No .
This ca n’t go on .
This system will never get off the ground if you keep changing your mind at every meeting .
We need to make decisions and stick to them ” .
Then we take a break .
During the break I ’m standing alone drinking a cup of coffee , thinking “ well , that ’s the end of this project for me ” .
I feel really embarassed for having lost my cool in that way .
So what happens next is totally unexpected for me :
They start treating me much better .
All the time I ’d tried to play the cool professional – that did n’t really fly with them .
But when I got mad , and showed it , I showed them some of the real me .
I showed them that I was human , and that there were things I would n’t put up with .
From that point on , they respected me more and they trusted me completely .
I became the guy they went to first and work on the system became much more smooth .
Go figure !
I learned two things from this incident :
1 : Do n’t be afraid to say no to a customer – Customers trust you more if you say “ no ” when the answer is no .
In the IT company I co-founded later , we once asked a customer what they liked about working with us .
Their answer “ That you say no !
Our other suppliers say yes to every request we have , then do n’t deliver because it ’s too difficult .
You guys say no if you ca n’t do it or if it ’s a bad idea ” .
2 : Show emotions at work – Sometimes it ’s a great idea to show what you ’re really feeling .
There ’s this fiction in the workplace that we come to work as rational people and leave emotions at home .
That just ai n’t so – we get as happy , mad , sad , thrilled , disappointed and excited at work as we do outside of it .
Never showing that is n’t good for you .
One of the keys to happiness at work is an ability to say “ Yes ! ” as I wrote about in a previous post .
When a new idea comes along , when somebody asks for your help or when a co-worker suggests a new approach , saying “ Yes ” is what moves things along .
If all ideas and suggestions are met with a “ No ” ( or a “ Yes , but … ” ) change becomes very difficult .
But it ’s just as important to say no when no is the answer .
If you ca n’t say “ No ” at work , then your “ Yes ” is meaningless .
If you work in a company where “ Yes ” has somehow become the only acceptable answer , meaning that compliance is forced on employees , then nobody is really saying yes .
They ’re not even given a choice .
Demotivation , cynicism and covert sabotage are sure results of this .
If you liked this post I ’m pretty sure you ’ll also enjoy these :
Thanks for visiting my blog .
If you 're new here , you should check out this list of my 10 most popular articles .
And if you want more great tips and ideas you should check out our newsletter about happiness at work .
It 's great and it 's free :-)
Welcome back to the blog .
Want to learn more about happiness at work ?
Sign up for our intensive in - depth 3 - day Woohoo Academy training .
And if you want more great tips and ideas you should check out our newsletter about happiness at work .
It 's great and it 's free :-)
Share this : LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Pinterest
World Record for Non-Stop Push - Ups
RECORD HISTORY
6,006 Charles Linster ( USA ) 05 - Oct-1965
7,026 Robert Louis Knecht ( USA ) 05 - Feb -1976
7,650 Henry C. Marshal ( USA ) 01 - Sep -1977
10,507 Minoru Yoshida ( JPN ) Oct -1980
Our club member Charles Linster was the first Guinness record holder in this category .
The push - ups had to be performed non-stop , once the front leaning rest position is no longer maintained , the exercise is over .
Later the Guinness editors dropped this category from their book .
They changed the standard from most consecutive push - ups to the most in 24 hours leaving it up to the athlete how many rest breaks he will use and how long those rest breaks will last .
However , the non -stop category will always remain the " true " record for push - ups .
Here you can read the interesting story behind Charles Linster 's record :
ULYSSES ' YIELD
Copyright Charles Linster ( 500 W. Belmont Ave. Apt. 5 - C Chicago , IL 60657 USA , chick9@ameritech.net )
1992 , 1999
One evening , I asked my eldest daughter how her homework was coming along .
" Terrible , " she said , " I have to read the Odyssey .
Of what relevance is a story about some Greek who was supposed to have lived thousands of years ago to me today ? "
I picked up her copy of the Immortal Bard 's epic poem and fondly remembered when I had read it as a high school freshman more than 30 years earlier .
But while I had always enjoyed mythology , my daughter was no fan of Hellenic legend .
In an attempt to motivate her with this assignment , I told her , " Sherri , although I did n't know it at the time , this book showed me how to set a world record and gave me a new lease on life .
If you 'd read it with an open mind , it just might do you some of the good it did me . "
To prove my claim , I told her the story of my odyssey .
When I entered New Trier in 1963 , I was well aware of its reputation as the " Harvard of High Schools " because of its lofty academic standards and the achievements of its students .
Many considered the school 's crown jewel to be its English Department .
Incoming freshman cut their teeth on the Odyssey , and my love of mythology made this assignment one of my more enjoyable school tasks .
But we were taught more than the Homeric account of Odysseus ' return to Ithaca from Troy .
In every myth lay some grains of truth .
Some of those facts I verified in my Ancient World History class .
I read of Heinrich Schliemann 's excavations in Asia Minor during the late Nineteenth Century where several " Troys " were unearthed .
I was also taught that the men who destroyed those cities were the ancestors of the people who established the Greek civilization .
Odysseus personified those men .
When Rome conquered Greece , the story of the clever Greek gained a wider audience and he became better known by his Latin name , Ulysses .
I read other books in English and studied other peoples in history , but I never forgot the Odyssey .
What made it unforgettable to me was the drive that compelled Ulysses to overcome insurmountable obstacles on a ten - year voyage home after fighting a decade - long war .
Was his compulsion fictional like the poem or was Homer aware of some force that explained this extraordinary drive ?
I did n't know but hoped that one day I would find the answer to my question .
New Trier not only taxed the minds of its students but their bodies as well .
Physical education exposed pupils to a variety of sports and other physical endeavors .
I enjoyed gym because I had always been athletically inclined and had established a daily physical fitness program consisting of five calisthenic exercises .
After eight months I had become quite proficient in the push - up .
Students were tested annually in five physical fitness tests , one of which was the push - up .
Since my personal best was 200 , I felt confident that I could break the school record .
When tested , however , I performed only 123 push - ups , four shy of a new standard .
The classmate who counted my total sensed my disappointment and suggested that I lighten up because I had just proved that push - ups were as simple as one , two , three .
Outwardly , I smiled at his joke but inwardly I had become a push - up perfectionist and felt that I had failed .
Solace was found in the words of Jascha Heifetz , the concert violinist , who said , " There is no such thing as perfection , there are only standards .
And after you have set a standard you learn that it was not high enough .
You want to surpass it . "
In an effort to be able to perform calisthenic totals close to my personal bests anytime , I established daily minimum repetitions for all of my exercises and began to increase those minimums .
Late that fall and the following winter , I tried out for and earned positions on both of New Trier 's Freshman and Sophomore Gymnastic Squads .
During a January practice , a member of the varsity team told me that he did n't believe my push - up total and challenged me to perform 100 .
Picking up the gauntlet , I made a believer out of him .
Successfully meeting this challenge energized me .
Still flush with victory and feeling especially " good " during my workout the next day , I performed 222 push - ups .
Twenty - four hours later , I still felt " good " and shattered my performance of the day before by ticking off 333 push - ups .
Two weeks later , the " good " feeling returned and I executed 444 .
I owed my January push - up records to Heifetz 's maxim of raising standards .
Every day I performed at least one more push - up than the day before .
I was like a mountain climber , using these minimums as " base camps " from which I could launch new push - up heights when feeling " good . "
But the greatest result of my three new personal bests was the breaking of a psychological barrier .
Until that time , I was convinced that records could only be broken by small increments .
By more than doubling my personal record in less than three weeks , I knew that I did n't have to settle for being merely good at the push - up , I could be great .
How great was an open question .
The summer before , I read the Guinness Book of World Records .
I found that the book listed records for two of my exercises , sit-ups and chin-ups , but not push - ups .
I did , however , have an inkling of what that record was .
Several years before while watching the TV show " People are Funny , " one of the guests was the world push - up champion who had set a standard of 3,000 .
I set my sights at exceeding that number and dreamed of my name in the Guinness Book .
By the spring , my daily workouts consumed so much of my time that I decided not to go out for the track and field team as a pole vaulter .
But my sacrifice of this sport was not in vain .
I kept raising the base number of push - ups I performed daily and waited for days when I felt " good " to set new records .
By the end of my freshman year , my personal best stood at 2,002 push - ups .
On a day in late July , I executed 3,003 push - ups .
But my dream for inclusion in the Guinness Book was dashed .
After mentioning my achievement to a friend , he informed me that a Marine had performed 5,000 push - ups .
So it was back to completing at least one more push - up than the day before .
More than a year passed before the " good " feeling returned .
In late August 1965 , I performed 4,004 push - ups .
The " good " feeling returned four days later and I executed 5,005 .
Barring some new revelation , I was the world 's unofficial push - up champion .
Now it was time to put it all together , a record - breaking effort in front of witnesses to make it official .
I decided to go for it during the physical fitness tests administered at school .
The year before , I performed 1,000 push - ups , the most I could squeeze into a gym period .
This time , I had obtained permission to sign out of a last period study hall and finish the test after school .
On October 5 , 1965 , I reported to the gym for my junior year push - up test .
As I stretched out on a mat , I felt a bit apprehensive .
Up until that time , all of my personal best efforts had n't been planned but rather took place on days that I felt " good . "
I asked myself , " Can I make this day ' good ' ? "
After three hours of continuous exercise , my fears had proven groundless .
I passed my personal best of 5,005 push - ups and felt so " good " that only the sky was the limit .
However , at 5,900 , the test administrator informed me that he would stop the exam when I reached my pre-test target of 6,006 .
For the next fifty push - ups , I pleaded with him to let me continue .
But as the responsible adult in charge , he wanted to be sure that I was n't doing something physically damaging to myself without knowing it .
If I did n't stop , he 'd sit on me to ensure test termination .
After performing my 6,006th push - up , I stopped and received a round of applause from an audience of about twenty students .
The test administrator announced that he was reporting my feat to the newspapers and that any future record - breaking effort by me would have to be monitored by a medical doctor .
When I arrived home , dinner had already been served so I ate alone .
While dining , I thought about what I had just accomplished .
I had succeeded beyond my wildest expectations .
Deep in my heart , I knew that every drop of sweat , every hour of training , and every personal sacrifice I had made to achieve this record had been worth it .
I was on top of the world and I liked the view .
As Christmas grew near , I began planning to break my own record .
After all , I had been stopped when I knew I could do more .
Push - ups had become an obsession .
Heifetz was right , even though my standard was now the best in the world , it was n't enough .
I felt that I had to surpass it .
To achieve that new standard , I 'd need a " good " day , witnesses , and medical supervision .
But my quest to discover the limit for my favorite exercise was never realized .
Sixty - nine days after breaking the world push - up record , I broke something else , my neck , during a gymnastics practice and was permanently paralyzed .
As I lay in my hospital bed , I looked toward the future and saw only darkness .
The body I had worked so long and hard to develop now failed to respond to my commands and imprisoned me .
I worried that I would never be able to work or take care of myself and would be a burden on my family .
Fears that I might die were replaced by the dread that I would live .
But while my body was shattered , my spirit , although badly bruised , was still intact .
I decided to fight back and redirected the effort that had made me a champion toward the arduous task I hoped would lead to my physical independence .
During my rehabilitation , I harkened back to my quest for the push - up record when the going got rough .
Knowing that I was capable of achieving what other people considered impossible , I did all that was asked of me and more .
I lived in a world of three colors .
Black represented the things I could n't do , white the activities I could .
Between these two tones were many shades of gray .
I concentrated on this tint and through trial and error discovered what was truly light and dark .
While doing so , I brightened my world to an extent that surprised my doctors , nurses , therapists , and me .
When I saw my name in the 1968 edition of the Guinness Book of World Records , my spirit was buoyed and I worked even harder .
When the next edition came out two years later , my situation had greatly improved and I was attending the University of Illinois .
In 1973 , I graduated , married , and continued my education .
Two years later , I began a career as a federal civil servant .
Shortly after , I was informed that my record had been broken .
I wrote to Guinness for confirmation and my letter was forwarded to Robert Knecht , a professional acrobat .
He answered my letter by stating that he had trained for eight years to perform 7,026 consecutive push - ups .
" My hat is off to you , " he wrote , " Your record was a tough one to beat . "
Sherri interrupted and said that while my story was interesting , I had n't told her how reading the Odyssey helped me set my record or gave me a new lease on life .
I responded by asking her what question did I ask myself as a high school freshman .
When she answered , " what motivated Ulysses , " I told her of a book I had read several years earlier , The Ulysses Factor by J.R.L. Anderson .
It was the author 's premise that " There is some factor in man , some form of special adaptation which prompts a few individuals to exploits which , however purposeless that they may seem , are of value to the survival of the race . "
Anderson had found that the grain of truth to the Odyssey was that Homer knew that in the soul of man there is a factor driving him to firsthand discovery .
Although this factor is present in all humans , it is highly developed in only a few .
In times of trouble , those few lead themselves and others to safety .
Homer personified this factor in the character of Ulysses .
The hero of the Odyssey was n't driven around the Mediterranean by the whim of the gods alone .
He drove himself .
Once committed to the fight , there was no stopping him .
Even though he was eager to return home , he had to know what was across the sea , over a range of hills , and beyond the horizon .
History proved Homer correct .
Conquerors and explorers who followed were also driven by this force that compelled them to unveil the unknown .
After all the seas were crossed and the land was explored , men invented new challenges to satisfy this compulsion .
Some explored the polar regions , climbed mountains , and sailed across the oceans alone in small boats .
Others were athletes who prepared their bodies and minds to new extremes .
I was such an athlete .
At first all I wanted to do was to improve my physical condition .
As my fitness program continued , I discovered that I had a propensity for the push - up .
I did n't know what my physical limit for this exercise was , but I simply had to find out .
While seeking that limit , I surpassed all who had come before me .
A catastrophic injury put an end to my quest , and I was never able to find my limit .
Disappointed , I nevertheless was consoled by the fact that I am one of the few who objectively knows that he'd done something better than it 's ever been done before .
For ten years and four months no one performed more push - ups than I had .
Eventually , my record would have been broken no matter how many push - ups I would have done .
I was touched by the Ulysses factor but Robert was too .
Someone will always be waiting in the wings who has trained harder , longer , and wants the record more .
But in the greater scheme of things , it really does n't matter who can do the most push - ups .
What is important is what I derived from the quest .
I discovered and cultivated the virtues of discipline , sacrifice , and perseverance within me while pursuing a dream .
Shortly after achieving that dream , I found myself engulfed in a nightmare .
But the survival component of the Ulysses factor , that leads people to safety in times of trouble , came to my rescue .
Had I known in advance that I was going to break my neck , I could n't have prepared myself better for the demanding task of rehabilitation than to train for the world push - up record .
I strove , sought , and found , but unlike Tennyson 's Ulysses , my quest yielded me the fortitude I needed to rehabilitate myself to complete independence .
My story inspired Sherri to the extent that she read the Odyssey with enough comprehension to pass her English teacher 's test .
Should her little sister Katie need similar inspiration when she is assigned to read the Odyssey , I 'll repeat my story .
While it 's too early to know whether my daughters will set any records , I hope that they 'll give their best efforts to those things that are truly important to them and find within themselves the strength to persevere .
During my life , I have fought many battles , winning some while losing others .
After a loss , I still remember the moment when I stood on top of the world .
That one act proved to me what I was capable of if I set my mind , body , and spirit to it .
It has fortified me to go on fighting battles .
The experience has stood me in good stead , because the very essence of the independent life I fought so hard to regain is struggle .
The founder of the modern Olympic movement , Baron Pierre de Coubertin , equated those contests to life when he said , " The most important thing in the Olympic Games is not winning but taking part , just as the most important thing in life is not the triumph but the struggle . "
My greatest hope is that during my final battle I will be able to look back on my life and know in my heart that I struggled well .
Charles Linster with his daughters
The Godfather of Pushups by Charles Linster ,
Back to the Push - Up Record List ,
Back to the World Record Homepage
September 11 death toll : 2986
Bin Laden Determined to Strike in U.S. President 's Daily Briefing , August 6 , 2001
Suicide bomber (s ) belonging to al - Qaida 's Martyrdom Battalion could crash - land an aircraft packed with high explosives ( C - 4 and semtex ) into the Pentagon , the headquarters of the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) , or the White House .
National Intelligence Council report , September 1999
• • • •
I do n't think anybody anticipated the breach of the levees ....
Katrina death toll ( confirmed ) : 1747
URGENT - WEATHER MESSAGE NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE NEW ORLEANS LA 1011 AM CDT SUN AUG 28 2005
... DEVASTATING DAMAGE EXPECTED ...
. HURRICANE KATRINA ... A MOST POWERFUL HURRICANE WITH UNPRECEDENTED STRENGTH ... RIVALING THE INTENSITY OF HURRICANE CAMILLE OF 1969 .
MOST OF THE AREA WILL BE UNINHABITABLE FOR WEEKS ... PERHAPS LONGER .
AT LEAST ONE HALF OF WELL CONSTRUCTED HOMES WILL HAVE ROOF AND WALL FAILURE .
ALL GABLED ROOFS WILL FAIL ... LEAVING THOSE HOMES SEVERELY DAMAGED OR DESTROYED .
THE MAJORITY OF INDUSTRIAL BUILDINGS WILL BECOME NON FUNCTIONAL .
PARTIAL TO COMPLETE WALL AND ROOF FAILURE IS EXPECTED .
ALL WOOD FRAMED LOW RISING APARTMENT BUILDINGS WILL BE DESTROYED .
CONCRETE BLOCK LOW RISE APARTMENTS WILL SUSTAIN MAJOR DAMAGE ... INCLUDING SOME WALL AND ROOF FAILURE .
HIGH RISE OFFICE AND APARTMENT BUILDINGS WILL SWAY DANGEROUSLY ... A FEW TO THE POINT OF TOTAL COLLAPSE .
ALL WINDOWS WILL BLOW OUT .
AIRBORNE DEBRIS WILL BE WIDESPREAD ... AND MAY INCLUDE HEAVY ITEMS SUCH AS HOUSEHOLD APPLIANCES AND EVEN LIGHT VEHICLES .
SPORT UTILITY VEHICLES AND LIGHT TRUCKS WILL BE MOVED .
THE BLOWN DEBRIS WILL CREATE ADDITIONAL DESTRUCTION .
PERSONS ... PETS ...AND LIVESTOCK EXPOSED TO THE WINDS WILL FACE CERTAIN DEATH IF STRUCK .
POWER OUTAGES WILL LAST FOR WEEKS ... AS MOST POWER POLES WILL BE DOWN AND TRANSFORMERS DESTROYED .
WATER SHORTAGES WILL MAKE HUMAN SUFFERING INCREDIBLE BY MODERN STANDARDS .
THE VAST MAJORITY OF NATIVE TREES WILL BE SNAPPED OR UPROOTED .
ONLY THE HEARTIEST WILL REMAIN STANDING ... BUT BE TOTALLY DEFOLIATED .
FEW CROPS WILL REMAIN .
LIVESTOCK LEFT EXPOSED TO THE WINDS WILL BE KILLED .
AN INLAND HURRICANE WIND WARNING IS ISSUED WHEN SUSTAINED WINDS NEAR HURRICANE FORCE ...OR FREQUENT GUSTS AT OR ABOVE HURRICANE FORCE ...ARE CERTAIN WITHIN THE NEXT 12 TO 24 HOURS .
ONCE TROPICAL STORM AND HURRICANE FORCE WINDS ONSET ... DO NOT VENTURE OUTSIDE !
NOAA advisory , August 28 , 2005
The storm surge will most likely topple our levee system .
This is very serious , of the highest nature .
This is a once - in - a - lifetime event .
New Orleans mayor Ray Nagin , August 29 , 2005
• • • •
I do n't think anybody anticipated the level of violence that we 've encountered ....
Iraq death toll ( American soldier ) : 2504
Mr van Hoogstraten was cleared of killing Mohammed Raja
The ruling came despite the 60 - year - old multi-millionaire , from Uckfield in East Sussex , being cleared of manslaughter in the criminal courts .
Mr Justice Lightman ruled that , on the balance of probability , the businessman was involved in the death .
It is central to a £ 6 m civil action being brought by the dead man 's family .
It was claimed in the High Court that Mr van Hoogstraten was a psychopath who arranged for the " assassination " .
Mr van Hoogstraten was not present or legally represented during the hearing .
Andrew Mitchell QC , for the Raja family , said in his closing submissions that all the evidence supported one witness 's description of Mr van Hoogstraten as " a psychopath " .
From this judgement today the judge has shown us that at last he has given us justice
Amjad Raj , son of Mohammed Raja
He claimed that the businessman 's treatment of his housing tenants demonstrated his propensity for violence .
Mr Raja , 62 , had been in the process of suing
Mr van Hoogstraten over a business deal when he was stabbed and shot dead after answering the doorbell at his home in Sutton , south London , in July 1999 .
His killers , Robert Knapp and David Croke - who were alleged to have been working for Mr van Hoogstraten - are currently serving life for murder .
Giving judgment following the hearing in London last month , Mr Justice Lightman said he was satisfied " the recruitment of two violent thugs with a shotgun " was for the purpose of murdering Mr Raja .
Mohammed Raja 's family continued legal action after he was killed
He said it was more than was needed to frighten or injure him , and the second shot was deliberately aimed at killing him .
The judge said the property tycoon had clearly wanted them to " break " the " thorn in his flesh " and resolve for good his problems with Mr Raja .
" His purpose in murdering Mr Raja has not been achieved because , contrary to his expectations , Mr Raja 's family have been as resilient as was Mr Raja in his lifetime in standing up to Mr van Hoogstraten , " he said .
In a statement prepared for his defence to the proceedings , Mr van Hoogstraten insisted that , although he had known Knapp for 35 years , he had never employed him in any capacity .
Mr van Hoogstraten was sentenced to 10 years at the Old Bailey in 2002 for the manslaughter of Mr Raja .
' Uphill struggle '
However , his conviction was quashed by the Court of Appeal .
The judge ordered Mr van Hoogstraten to pay £ 500,000 interim costs on an " indemnity " basis within 14 days .
After the hearing , the Raja family said in a statement : " Naturally , we are very pleased with the court 's findings , but it has been a devastating and uphill struggle to get here . "
Speaking outside the court , Mr Raja 's son , Amjad , urged the Crown Prosecution Service to look at the case and see what other action could be taken against Mr van Hoogstraten .
He said the family was determined to finish what his father had started .
" From this judgement today the judge has shown us that at last he has given us justice . "
Israel deliberately targeted civilian infrastructure and committed war crimes during the month - long conflict in Lebanon , according to an Amnesty International report .
The report said strikes on civilian buildings and structures went beyond " collateral damage " and amounted to indiscriminate and disproportionate attacks under the Geneva conventions on the laws of war .
Kate Gilmore , the Amnesty executive deputy secretary general , said the bombardment of power and water plants and transport links was " deliberate and an integral part of a military strategy " .
" Israel 's assertion that the attacks on the infrastructure were lawful is manifestly wrong , " she said .
" Many of the violations identified in our report are war crimes .
The pattern , scope and scale of the attacks makes Israel 's claim that this was collateral damage simply not credible . "
Amnesty called for an official UN inquiry into human rights violations on both sides of the conflict .
The report 's authors described the destruction of up to 90 % of some towns and villages in southern Lebanon , releasing aerial photographs that showed Beirut 's southern Dahiya district had been transformed from a bustling suburb into a grey wasteland .
" In village after village the pattern was similar - the streets , especially main streets , were scarred with artillery craters along their length , " the report said .
" In some cases , cluster bomb impacts were identified .
Houses were singled out for precision - guided missile attack and were destroyed , totally or partially , as a result .
" Business premises such as supermarkets or food stores and auto service stations and petrol stations were targeted , often with precision - guided munitions and artillery that started fires and destroyed their contents . "
Israel launched more than 7,000 air strikes against Lebanon during the 34 - day war , and naval vessels launched 2,500 shells , the report said .
Around one third of the 1,183 people killed in Lebanon were children , while 4,054 people were injured and 970,000 displaced .
Lebanese estimates suggest that 30,000 houses , along with up to 120 bridges , 94 roads , 25 fuel stations and 900 businesses , were destroyed .
Two hospitals were destroyed and three others severely damaged , while 31 " vital points " - such as airports , ports , water and sewage treatment plants , and electrical facilities - were also completely or partially destroyed .
The overall cost of the damage amounted to $ 3.5 bn ( £ 1.8 bn ) , the report said .
Around 4,000 Hizbullah rockets were fired at northern Israel during the conflict , killing around 40 civilians .
Up to 300,000 people in northern Israel were driven into bomb shelters by the fighting , and 117 soldiers died .
The Amnesty report said Israeli military policy seemed directed at destroying Lebanese popular support for Hizbullah , a tactic prohibited by the Geneva conventions .
" The widespread destruction ... in addition to several statements by Israeli officials , suggests a policy of punishing both the Lebanese government and the civilian population in an effort to get them to turn against Hizbullah , " it said .
Red Cross officials were quoted as saying that people left behind in inaccessible villages in southern Lebanon had been unable to get hold of fresh water .
Refugees from the border village of Rmeish had told Red Cross delegates that locals had had to drinking foul water from an irrigation ditch .
The report 's allegation of disproportionate action echoes comments made during the conflict by international observers including French , Russian and EU officials and the UN humanitarian chief , Jan Egeland .
However , the British government has avoided the term , which could be considered an accusation of war crimes , although former the foreign secretary Jack Straw and the Conservative foreign affairs spokesman William Hague both used it .
Learn about the human papillomavirus ( HPV ) and its link to cervical cancer and many types of other cancer .
You can also get information on testing for HPV and on the HPV vaccines .
WASHINGTON - SCIENCE has always fascinated me .
As a child in Tibet , I was keenly curious about how things worked .
When I got a toy I would play with it a bit , then take it apart to see how it was put together .
As I became older , I applied the same scrutiny to a movie projector and an antique automobile .
At one point I became particularly intrigued by an old telescope , with which I would study the heavens .
One night while looking at the moon I realized that there were shadows on its surface .
I corralled my two main tutors to show them , because this was contrary to the ancient version of cosmology I had been taught , which held that the moon was a heavenly body that emitted its own light .
But through my telescope the moon was clearly just a barren rock , pocked with craters .
If the author of that fourth - century treatise were writing today , I 'm sure he would write the chapter on cosmology differently .
If science proves some belief of Buddhism wrong , then Buddhism will have to change .
In my view , science and Buddhism share a search for the truth and for understanding reality .
By learning from science about aspects of reality where its understanding may be more advanced , I believe that Buddhism enriches its own worldview .
[ Haskell ] BitSyntax for Haskell
Erlang 's bit syntax [ 1 ] is a great for building and breaking up binary structures .
I 've knocked up something similar ( although a little clumsy ) for Haskell : http://www.imperialviolet.org/binary/bitsyntax/
http://www.imperialviolet.org/binary/bitsyntax/BitSyntax.hs
I 'm sure that this is n't the best possible way to do this , but it suffices at this stage for many problems . [ 1 ]
http://www.erlang.org/doc/doc-5.4.12/doc/programming_examples/bit_syntax.html
-- Adam Langley agl at imperialviolet.org
You will have your own view - there 's so much to choose from - on which part of the open-mic conversation between George W Bush and Tony Blair at the Yo Summit was the most toe - curling .
One of my favourite excruciating moments is when Bush thanks Blair for sending him a Burberry sweater as a birthday gift .
The American President sends up the British Prime Minister by mocking : ' I know you picked it out yourself . '
There 's no question which exchange is most enjoyable for those with contempt for the Prime Minister .
It is the moment that makes Mr Blair look like the poodle of popular caricature .
Worse , he comes over as a poodle who can't even beg his master to toss him a dog biscuit .
It is the same bit of the encounter that has caused the most wincing among the Prime Minister 's friends .
When Tony Blair offers himself as a Middle East peace envoy , he is casually rebuffed by the American President between bites on a bread roll .
Told by Bush that ' Condi is going ' , the normally fluent Blair is reduced to inarticulate jabbering .
' Well , it 's only if , I mean , you know , if she 's got a ... or if she needs the ground prepared as it were ...
Because obviously if she goes out , she 's got to succeed , if it were , whereas I can go out and just talk . '
Yeah , just talk .
It was awful for Tony Blair to be caught asking for permission to go to the Middle East .
It was dire to hear George Bush saying he would n't let the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom go out - not even on a pointless trip .
It looks even more humiliating when the French Foreign Minister is going .
In the build - up to the action to remove the Taliban in Afghanistan , George Bush was delighted to let Tony Blair go globe - trotting as an ambassador - at - large .
The American President was happy to use Mr Blair in the same way on the road to war in Iraq .
When it does not suit the White House , the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom is grounded .
The foreign policy realists in the British government will argue that a Blair trip to the Middle East would have no chance of achieving anything without American support .
But that serves to underline a truth about Britain as an international actor which this country does n't like to hear and Tony Blair does n't want to tell .
Britain has no independent leverage on any of the players in this crisis .
When Sir Menzies Campbell pressed him to do more about the escalating conflagration in Lebanon , the Prime Minister replied testily : ' May I just point out that our influence with Hizbollah has been somewhat limited . '
British influence over Israel , Iran or Syria is also ' somewhat limited ' .
The only favour done to the Prime Minister by the broadcast of his rap with George Bush has been to illustrate a little of what he has been up against over the past five years in dealing with this American President .
We have been frequently told by his defenders that , whatever verbal dyslexia he may display in public , the private Bush is as smart as a whip , with a sophisticated grasp of the complexities of the geopolitical situation .
Analysing the carnage unfolding in Lebanon , the view of the American President is this : ' What they need to do is to get Syria to get Hizbollah to stop doing this shit and it's over . '
The unguarded mic also picked up the American President saying he did n't want to prepare any closing remarks for the G8 Summit .
' Just gonna make it up , ' he shrugs .
To the Chinese premier , he remarks , ' This is your neighbourhood . '
They are in St Petersburg .
Continuing his conversation with the Chinese leader , President Bush goggles : ' Russia 's a big country and you 're a big country , ' like a seven - year - old who has just discovered them in the atlas .
That fragment of Bush and Blair will be an interesting specimen for future historians to examine when they try to assess British foreign policy under Blair .
The question that he has wrestled with , just as his predecessors have done and his successors will have to do , is how Britain can continue to be a player of global importance when its relative strength is declining .
Britain is still the world 's fifth or sixth biggest economy , depending upon how you do the sums .
She is still a power in world financial markets , a permanent member of the UN Security Council and a nuclear power .
She has key seats on the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank .
Set against that , Britain has just one per cent of the world 's population and a declining share of the global economy .
As China , India , Brazil and other rising powers grow in clout , there will be an ineluctable diminution in Britain 's capacity to shape world events , except in concert with other powers .
Tony Blair - and in this , again , he has not been as unlike his predecessors as he may have thought - has tried to have a foreign policy that punched above his country 's weight .
In some respects , you can say he has been successful .
Britain 's record in pushing other countries towards agreements on debt relief and climate change is by no means perfect , but it has displayed more energy and commitment than many other world actors .
The Blair doctrine of humanitarian interventionism has not been put into practice in Burma , North Korea or Zimbabwe , as he will regretfully acknowledge .
Where Britain could act alone it did in Sierra Leone , where I account it a very good thing to have saved the people of that oppressed corner of West Africa from the sadistic thugs who specialised in hacking the limbs off children .
It was a highly creditable act when Tony Blair took considerable risks to lead the case for intervention in Kosovo .
Without the pressure he put on Bill Clinton , it is highly unlikely that the Americans would have agreed to threaten Slobodan Milosevic with a ground invasion .
Without that threat , the Serbian dictator would have completed the ethnic cleansing of the Kosovars .
A side - effect of that intervention became apparent later in the build - up to the war in Iraq and during its searing and grossly mismanaged aftermath .
Because he had succeeded in turning around Bill Clinton on Kosovo , it gave Tony Blair an exaggerated sense of his capacity to influence the behaviour of US Presidents .
Another result of this Prime Minister 's enthusiasm for a big British presence on the world stage is that she is taking on burdens which others decline to share and which she is now struggling to bear .
The most senior British general in Afghanistan has just warned that the country is ' close to anarchy ' and that western forces are ' running out of time ' .
British forces in Afghanistan have already had to be reinforced because the perils of that mission have been terribly under-estimated .
Tony Blair came to power believing that the best way to enhance British global power was through its relations with Europe and the United States .
His single most important objective in terms of the EU was to take Britain into the single currency .
He failed .
Standing outside the euro has not had such bad consequences as Tony Blair once feared .
As it turned out , it was the Iraq War that had a much more souring effect on his relations with some key European leaders .
Tony Blair found himself doing what every previous British Prime Minister has done , with the partial exception of Ted Heath .
Mr Blair has invested most weight on the ' special relationship ' with the United States .
History dealt him a tricky hand to play in terms of America .
It first gave him Bill Clinton , who was ideologically close , but politically shattered and weakened internationally by his scandal - stained second term .
Then the American electoral system produced George Bush , one of the most right - wing Presidents to occupy the White House in decades .
The Blair line has always been that unswerving support for the White House in public is the price you pay , however unpopular it might be with the British public , to win private influence .
Better , in the Prime Minister 's view , that Bush greets him with ' Yo , Blair ' than with ' Piss off , Blair ' .
It is hard to argue that this has served him well in the eyes of either the rest of the world or his own country .
Over Guantanamo Bay , over extraordinary rendition and more recently over the extradition treaty , Britain has ended up looking like an unconditional supporter of - at best as an awkward apologist for - the United States .
When the Lebanon crisis was debated in the Commons , there was an extraordinary unanimity among MPs .
They were united , across the parties and ranging from those who had been passionately for the war in Iraq to those who had been as passionately against it .
MPs were as one in condemning Hizbollah .
They were also universally of the view that Israel 's crippling assault on Lebanon is recklessly disproportionate and will prove to be utterly counter - productive .
Against this consensus stood the lonely and increasingly battered figure of Margaret Beckett , as the Foreign Secretary stuck with the Prime Minister 's refusal to show an inch of difference with America .
Britain 's position lines her up with the United States against the European Union , the United Nations and nearly all of the rest of world opinion .
That is because Tony Blair will never even murmur disagreement with the United States .
Especially not when he is going to Washington this week .
You can easily see why he calculated that staying close to America made Britain a bigger player in the world .
When this prevents his country having a voice of its own during a crisis as serious as this , the effect of being glued to the United States is to make Britain sound smaller than she is .
Tagging – the latest way to search the web
Jeff Jarvis
Monday January 2 , 2006
The Guardian
The latest trend sweeping the web – as trends are wont to do – is tagging .
Last month , Yahoo !
bought the leading tag service , Del.icio.us , which enables you to save a web link and associate it with labels so you can find it later .
That sounds simple , like file folders , or categorised bookmarks , or the labelled , rubberised containers in which my wife organises our lives in spite of me .
But tags are proving to be more powerful than that .
Tags are a means not only to remember links , but also to discover content tagged by others , to target searches and advertising , to connect people of common interests , and even to collect the wisdom of the crowds .
David Weinberger , co-author of the seminal Cluetrain Manifesto and author of an upcoming book about tagging called Everything is Miscellaneous , explains that when knowledge was imprisoned on paper , it had to be stored in one place , under one address , usually with the one - dimensional Dewey decimal system .
But thanks to the internet and tags , knowledge is now freed from the bonds of paper and can be found from many directions : you could discover this page online via any number of Google searches , or through bloggers ’ links , or because somebody tagged it under “ tagging ” or “ blather ” or both .
Then you could use services like Del.icio.us or Technorati.com to find more , now related content filed under those same tags .
And so the chaotic internet suddenly begins to align into constellations of context .
The internet is turning tagging into both a social trend and an industry .
At internet conferences , delegates now agree to use common tags so they can find the blog posts and photos that follow ( see , for example , multilingual conversation about a Paris blog confab at www.technorati.com/tags/lesblogs).
I can also subscribe to feeds of the content people file under certain tags , allowing me to rely on them to find the latest news in topics that interest me ( see del.icio.us/tag/journalism ) .
Flickr.com , a photo storage and sharing service also bought recently by Yahoo ! , allows users to save and tag images .
Fascinating social phenomena ensue : people swarm around tags so their photos can be found with others ( search Flickr ’s tags for “ funny ” ) .
This also has become a means of introducing people to more people with similar interests – thus , for example , New York photobloggers converge via their content tags .
As soon as a public transport strike began in New York , photos began accumulating under the tag “ transitstrike ” .
Flickr , in turn , notes what other tags are associated with those photos so that it immediately becomes clear that “ strike ” and “ nyc ” are related .
Thus , the people organise content context without even trying .
You may sort photos on Flickr two ways : most recent or most interesting .
But how does Flickr know what ’s interesting ?
Like most internet wizardry , that springs from an algorithm .
Flickr ’s “ interestingness ” formula notes not only the most popular photos and those most frequently saved as favourites but it also takes into account social relations : if strangers comment on your photo , says Fickr cofounder Stuart Butterfield , that shows that they found your photo interesting .
The result : when you browse Flickr ’s “ interestingness ” gallery ( at Flickr.com / explore ) , you will see an amazing set of images that are , indeed , interesting .
This is not the wisdom of the crowd .
This is the taste of the crowd .
There ’s money in this trend .
Internet entrepreneur Mark Pincus said his Tagsense project found that users ’ tags on content can increase the performance of targeted advertising there .
And new inventions and companies are constantly springing up around the tagging craze .
Consumating.com , a dating service that lets users tag themselves ( popular one - word autobiographies include “ wine ” , “ redhead ” , and “ pierced ” ) , was just acquired by tech site CNET .
At the Web 2.1 conference in San Francisco – a discount , populist version of the high - priced Web 2.0 conference held nearby – I saw a tag company created in less than a week by technologist Adam Kalsey , who analysed content and tags so that his program , Tagyu , could assign tags to similar content .
Thus , the audience tells you what your content is really about .
Well , I ’ve had a geeky good time with the subject of tags .
But this is n’t just another valentine to just another cool online trend ; we ’re so over that .
No , tags have a larger lesson to teach to media .
They present a clear demonstration that the web is not about flat content .
The web is about connections and the value that arises from them if you enable people to collect and communicate .
In the old , big , centralised , controlled world of media , a few people with a few tools – pencils , presses and Dewey decimals – thought they could organise the world and its content .
But as it turns out , left to its own devices , the world is often better at organising itself .
Â· Jeff Jarvis is a media consultant who blogs at BuzzMachine.com
Exclusive Sam - let 's call our interviewee Sam , it 's suitably anonymous - lives in a three - bedroom semi-detached house in London , drives a vintage Jaguar and runs his own company .
But " it 's not not all rock and roll and big money " , says Sam .
What is n't ?
Spamming websites and blogs with text to pump up the search engine rankings of sites pushing PPC ( pills , porn and casinos ) , that 's what .
For that 's what Sam does , pretty much all day long .
He - we 'll use the male notation , it 's easier - would do this anyway for fun , but it 's more than fun ; he says he can earn seven - figure sums doing this .
Sam is a link spammer .
He 's unapologetic about it .
Skilled in Perl , LWP and PHP , Sam 's first professional programming was done aged 13 , when he sold some code to a gaming company .
He 's 32 now , and spoke to The Register on condition of anonymity .
So how and why do " link spammers " - as they generically call themselves - do it ?
Are they the same as the email spammers ?
What do they think of what they do , ethically ?
And what can stop them ?
If you 're affected by this spam , say because you run a blog , or a website , or like the other 99.9 per cent of Net users just come across the stuff , Sam explain the important thing to remember is it 's nothing personal .
They 're not targeting you personally .
They 're just exploiting a weakness in a system which blossomed just at the time that Google cracked down on the previous method that spammers used , where huge " link farms " of their own web sites pointed circularly to each other to boost each others ' ranking .
" It was around December 2003 : Google did what was called the ' Florida update ' .
It changed the algorithm that measured how high a site should be ranked to spot ' nepotistic ' links and devalue them .
So if you had a link farm of sites with different names which linked heavily to each other , they were pushed down , " explains Sam .
So the link spammers - who prefer to call themselves " search engine optimisers " , but get upset when search engines do optimise themselves - turned to other free outlets which Google already regarded highly , because their content changes so often : blogs .
And especially blogs ' comments , where trusting bloggers expected people to put nice agreeable remarks about what they 'd written , rather than links to PPC sites .
Ah well .
Nothing personal .
" Comment spamming to blogs was going on before the Florida update , but it rose after that , " says Sam .
" All we need is a website that allows some interaction . "
Photo galleries based around PHPGallery - which allows votes and comments - are easy targets too .
So many of them allow anyone to leave a comment .
For even a semi-competent programmer , writing programs that will link - spam vulnerable websites and blogs is pretty easy .
All you need is a list of blogs - which again , even a semi-competent programmer will be able to pull together ( by searching for sites with keywords such as " Wordpress " , " Movable Type " and " Blogger " ) a huge list of blogs to hit .
More than competent
And people like Sam are much more than competent .
" You could be aiming at 20,000 or 100,000 blogs .
Any sensible spammer will be looking to spam not for quality [ of site ] but quantity of links . "
When a new blog format appears , it can take less than ten minutes to work out how to comment spam it .
Write a couple of hundred lines of terminal script , and the spam can begin .
But you can't just set your PC to start doing that .
It 'll get spotted by your ISP , and shut down ; or the IP address of your machine will be blocked forver by the targeted blogs .
So Sam , like other link spammers , uses the thousands of ' open proxies ' on the net .
These are machines which , by accident ( read : clueless sysadmins ) or design ( read : clueless managers ) are set up so that anyone , anywhere , can access another website through them .
Usually intended for internal use , so a company only needs one machine facing the net , they 're actually hard to lock down completely .
Sam 's code gets hundreds of open proxies to obediently spam blogs and other sites with the messages he wants posted .
They usually target comments to old posts , so they wo n't show up to people reading the latest ones , though search engine spiders will spot them and index them .
And here 's the surprising thing : link spamming is not outsourced .
These people do it on their own behalf .
( Does this mean it 's an immature business ?
Reg readers please advise . )
Here 's why .
When Sam spams tons of blogs and sites with links to his sites - which are affiliates of bigger PPC sites - people see the links and , seeking some porn , pills or casino action , click through to his site , and from there to the parent site , which pays Sam for each person landing there .
The PPC sites can see revenues of £ 100,000 to £ 200,000 per month , says Sam .
He gets a slice of that - and he wants it to stay that way .
Perhaps the affiliate system could be seen as a form of outsourcing : the top - level site gets lots of people competing to find the best way to get visitors to the site .
Darwin would understand .
Link spamming , with its abuse of common resources , turns out the most efficient , just as cutting down virgin Indonesian and Amazonian rain forest is the most efficient way for loggers there to get wood .
If it raises the global temperature of the blogging community , well , that 's life on planet internet , is n't it ?
Why not just buy a Google ad , Sam ?
" You do n't get anything like the same click - through ratio .
Jakob Nielsen 's studies and my own show you get six or seven times more click - throughs from ' organic ' search results .
And pay - per-click on search engines costs money !
It can be £ 20 per click !
We pay nothing to get an organic result . "
But what about the moral question , that you 're using other peoples ' bandwidth and blog space and abusing it by putting your commercial message there ?
" The question of morals is one for the individual .
While it 's legal , it will continue .
It could be argued that a website owner is actually inviting content to their site when they allow comments . "
When Sam begins a spam run , he has one target , though he 'll accept any of six .
Principal one : come top of the search engines for his chosen site 's phrase .
" But you 'll accept coming in at 1,2 or 3 , or if you come at 8,9 or 10 .
Actually , 8 , 9 and 10 have better conversion rates .
I do n't know why .
Maybe the eyes fix on it when you scroll down the page . "
And the cost of doing it ?
Once the code is written , pretty much zero .
" Bandwidth is cheap , " he says .
" You set it going in the evening and come back in the morning to see how it 's gone . "
Video More video CNN 's Andy Serwer reports on Wal - mart 's proposal to raise the minimum wage and the No. 1 retailer 's new health plan .
( October 25 ) Play video
NEW YORK ( CNN / Money ) - Wal - Mart CEO
Lee Scott said he 's urging Congress to consider raising the minimum wage so that Wal - Mart customers do n't have to struggle paycheck to paycheck .
Scott told Wal - Mart ( Research ) directors and executives in a speech Monday that he believes " it is time for Congress to take a look at the minimum wage and other legislation that can help working families . "
" The U.S. minimum wage of $ 5.15 an hour has not been raised in nearly a decade and we believe it is out of date with the times , " Scott said .
" We can see first - hand at Wal - Mart how many of our customers are struggling to get by .
Our customers simply do n't have the money to buy basic necessities between pay checks . "
Given increasing gas prices and other economic pressures on Wal - Mart customers , Scott went on to say that Wal - Mart shoppers will further be challenged to " support themselves and their families . "
" While it is unusual for us to take a public position on a public policy issue of this kind , we simply believe it is time for Congress to take a responsible look at the minimum wage and other legislation that may help working families , " he said .
Tracy Sefl , a spokeswoman for Wal - Mart Watch , a group that 's been highly critical of the retailer , said Scott 's comments on raising minimum wage were " laughable and out of left field . "
" I find it disingenuous and laughable that Lee Scott makes these remarks while the company hires lobbyist such as Lee Culpepper who oppose raising the minimum wage , " Sefl said .
" We would be the first to applaud real change .
But when a comment on raising minimum wage is dashed off and it flies in the face of Wal - Mart 's own corporate stance , that 's laughable , " she added .
As the world 's largest retailer and largest U.S. non-union private sector employer with more than 1.3 million " associates " in its U.S. stores , Wal - Mart has been a lightning rod for criticism about its wage and benefits policy as well as lawsuits alleging gender discrimination .
It continues to draw fire for allegedly stifling small businesses and squeezing its vendors .
Wal - Mart maintains that it pays above the current $ 5.15 an hour minimum wage to its employees .
Scott also discussed a new health - care package with lower premiums for Wal - Mart workers .
The new " Value option " plan , which will be introduced Jan. 1 2006 , offers insurance coverage of $ 23 a month " and kids covered for less than 50 cents per day ... no matter how many children , " Scott said .
" We will offer this plan for $ 11 a month , with children covered for less than 30 cents per day in some markets -- and we are working to offer these savings nationally , " he said .
Said Scott , " We want to drive out as much as 25 percent of the cost in the healthcare system through leading a coalition of business , government and industry leaders in applying standards and technologies for efficiency . "
Scott also touted the retailer 's efforts to present itself as a more environmentally friendly company .
Whether it is jobs , health care , product sourcing or environmental impact , " it is clear to me that in order to build a 21st century company , we need to view these same issues in a different light , " Scott said in the speech .
" Our environmental goals at Wal - Mart are simple and straightforward , " he said .
" One , to be supplied 100 percent by renewable energy .
Two , to create zero waste .
Three , to sell products that sustain our resources and environment . "
In energy - saving moves that will save Wal - Mart money , Scott said the company plans to increase the fuel efficiency of its truck fleet -- among the largest in the country -- by 25 percent over the next three years and double it within ten years .
" If implemented across our entire fleet by 2015 , this would amount to savings of more than $ 310 million a year .
Compare that to doing nothing , " he said .
In addition , Wal - Mart said it will show preference to factories in China that participate in a " green company program " where the company will show preference to those suppliers and their factories involved in such a program .
" We are also committed to reducing our solid waste from U.S. stores and clubs by 25 percent in the next three years , " Scott said .
" We 're replacing PVC packaging for our private brands with alternatives that are more sustainable and recyclable within the next two years . "
Scott delivered the speech on the eve of the company 's annual two - day conference for analysts at its Bentonville , Ark. , headquarters .
In a Q&A session with reporters Tuesday to discuss the company 's new initiatives , Scott said hurricane Katrina motivated him to rethink some of the company 's policies .
" As we watched and experienced how the world reacted to our efforts following Katrina , it was time for me to send a message to our associates about who we can become as company , " Scott said .
" Our associates need to know how we can make a difference .
It 's a personal thing on our part .
I felt it was the right time to share a bigger picture that tells a bigger story . "
Said Sefl , " We do believe Wal - Mart is at a crossroads post - Katrina and it recognizes that .
But while Scott talks about improving the environment and doing better for trees and nature , what 's missing from the equation is the people aspect . "
______________
Wal - Mart 's new " cheaper " healthplan initiative .
Click here to read more .
Wal - Mart going chic ?
Click here to read more .
An Evolutionary Model of Depression By Bryan Caplan
Depressed people – what is their problem ?
Edward Hagen of Humboldt University has a fascinating answer : Getting depressed is a good way to get the people around you to give you more for less .
Feel underappreciated ?
Then mope around non-stop , and the people who depend on you will pick up the slack .
Hagen explains it with a tidy economic metaphor :
Given that the principal cause of major unipolar depression is a significant negative life event , and that its characteristic symptom is a loss of interest in virtually all activities , it is possible that this syndrome functions somewhat like a labor strike .
( emphasis mine )
The idea is that during humans ’ evolutionary history ( and even today , inside the family ) , you could n’t easily hire a replacement for a malcontent :
It would have been difficult , for example , for mothers to raise offspring without help from the father and / or other family members ; conversely , the fitness of the father , parents , and other family members depended critically on the mother successfully raising offspring .
Abandonment of one party by another would have entailed a significant fitness cost to all …
In evolutionary terms , then , getting depressed is basically a way of saying : “ Treat me better , or you ’ll have to get by without my help . ”
According to Hagen , it usually works :
A number of behavioral studies have demonstrated that although depression in one family member prompts negative feelings from other family members , it nonetheless appears to deter their aggressive behavior and to cause an increase in their tendency to offer solutions to problems in a positive or neutral tone and an increase in their solicitous behavior ( e.g. , caring statements ) , consistent with the bargaining model .
Post - partem depression is a case in point :
[ T ]he spouses of individuals experiencing PPD should report increasing their investment in parenting , and in fact they do .
Depression scores for one spouse were positively correlated with reports of increasing investment in childcare by the other spouse ( Hagen 2002 ) .
High levels of help from spouses and better interactions with infants in one study were also the only variables associated with remission of PPD …
How can suicide be functional ?
It ca n’t be .
But suicide threats can be highly functional :
Suicide permanently removes oneself as a source of valuable benefits for the group .
Suicide threats are therefore threats to impose substantial costs on group members and can be viewed as a means to signal cheaply and efficiently to a large social group that it may suffer such costs if assistance or change is not forthcoming .
Suicide attempts are necessary to underwrite the credibility of suicide threats and must therefore entail a genuine risk of serious injury or death .
Need I point out how Szaszian this “ bargaining model of depression ” is ?
Hagen does n’t cite Szasz .
But it would be easy to sum up his paper with a Szaszish aphorism : “ They ’re not depressed ; they ’re depressing ! ”
My apologies to any and all stories which even I , in my humble effort to be comprehensive , have missed :
The Firing of General Kevin Byrnes - Byrnes , a 4 - star general , was dismissed in early August , just weeks before he was set to retire , allegedly because of an affair with a civilian .
Byrnes at the time was married to someone else , but legally separated and in the process of getting a divorce .
While his behavior was certainly not technically permissable , publically shaming him literally just a few days before his scheduled retirement was seen as politically motivated .
After a lot of public fuss , the issue dropped off the headlines .
Byrnes was quietly replaced as head of the military 's training division and no explanation for the public humiliation ever came forth .
Election of Insulza as OAS President -
On the face of it , the election of a new Secretary General of the Organization of American States ( OAS ) was no big deal when it occurred in May .
Every country in the hemisphere ( except for Haiti and Cuba ) voted for a new Secretary General .
The real impact of the story , about which I wrote in - depth here , was that Insulza was the first OAS SecGeneral in history who was not backed by the United States .
In fact , the U.S. lobbied hard for other candidates , one of which who withdrew after a scandal ( Flores of El Salvador ) and the second ( Derbez of Mexico ) because his close ties with Washington actually hurt his chances .
The increasingly strong leftist bloc of South America , led by Venezuela 's Hugo Chavez , rallied around Insulza , who served under Chilean President Salvador Allende , who was overthrown in a 1973 coup sponsored by the United States .
For the first time in United States ' history , American hegemony over the hemisphere , in the tradition of the " Monroe Doctrine " , was broken .
Absolutely huge story , yet barely covered in the mainstream media .
Elections in Bolivia and Uruguay - Both countries held presidential elections , both of which I should mention were judged free and fair in the democratic tradition , to elect " leftist " presidencies .
Combined with the growing regional influence of Venezuela and Brazil , South America has increasingly become independent of the United States , something literally unknown in the post - colonial period of the hemisphere .
Non-Election in Haiti -
In February 2004 , the democratically elected president of Haiti , Jean - Bertrand Aristide , was overthrown in a coup fostered and financed by the United States and France .
Despite the Haitian Constitution , which calls for fresh elections 90 days after the loss of a president , and a prohibition on foreign citizens holding the highest office , the nation has continued to be ruled by the junta put into power by the United States in 2004 ( led by Gerard Latortue , an American citizen ) .
The nation , already the poorest in the hemisphere , has spiralled into ever - increasing poverty and violent clashes between the police and pro-Aristide supporters .
Well , nobody ever gave a fig about Haiti , and it seems very few still do ...
Elections in Liberia -
After decades of some of the most brutal and violent civil wars , the African nation of Liberia successfully held a ( largely ) peaceful and fair , democratic election , with Ellen Johnson - Sirleaf winning the top post .
Not only was it an amazing and wonderful step forward for Liberia to have a peaceful transition of power , but Ms. Johnson - Sirleaf is one of only a handful of female Africans to ever hold the top spot .
Kudos to the U.N. peacekeeping team in Liberia , which did a good job of disarming rebels and reintegrating them into civilian life .
Sadly , the United States , which could 've played a leading role ( and who would 've been welcomed with open arms by most Liberians ) did little but offer some cash and declined to send a single soldier to participate in the mission .
Coup in Mauritania -
On the face of it , the coup in August in this impoverished African nation was nothing new - a junta of military officers threw off the yoke of a repressive dictator .
However Mauritania had particularly pro-western ties , having open diplomatic relations with Israel and received a lot of both financial and military help from the United States .
Although the country has not had democratic elections , the majority of the population supports the coupsters precisely because they were sick of the former administration 's close ties with Israel and the United States , a very clear example of the way world opinion is turning .
African Famine -
As " usual " , many millions of people in Africa , particulary Niger , suffered from famine and large - scale malnutrition .
Sadly , as usual , it is the children who suffer the most .
While the UN begged for rich countries to send aid , little was sent .
Operation Murambatsvina -
Over the summer , some 700,000 people were evicted from their homes in Zimbabwe as part of a " clean - up " operation by the increasingly dictatorial Zanu - PDF Party , led by Robert Mugabe .
This story caused quite a furor at the time , but was soon forgotten .
Yet the UN and other relief agencies continue to report that the vast majority of these " relocated " people are still suffering from malnourishment and basic living conditions .
It is thought that the move was spurred by an attempt to fragment support for the opposition MDC party , whose voter base is largely concentrated in the urban areas , the target of the mass evictions .
Civil War in Yemen - Barely reported in the mainstream media , Shi'ite clansmen belonging to cleric Hussein al - Houthi fought the central government for months , the conflict only ending after largescale bloodshed and the shelling of villages .
The insurrection began when the government tried to arrest al - Houthi for preaching anti-American and anti-Israeli messages , once again a clear example of the way world opinion is turning .
The leadership in Yemen , such as in Mauritania , has a distinctly pro-western orientation and has allowed CIA agents to operate freely on its territory .
Peace in Aceh -
After the devastating tsunami at the end of 2004 , world attention was brought to Aceh .
Prior to the tsunami , the area has been completely off - limits to foreigners as the central government had thousands of troops intent on violently crushing an independence movement which has been fighting for 30 years .
The Indonesian army was cited many times for severe human rights abuses against the Acehenese people .
Yet amazingly , this year a peace accord was signed between Jakarta and Aceh , and just this week the final batallion of Indonesian soldiers left the region as the GAM disbanded .
Kudos go to Finland , who sponsored and was heavily involved in negotiating peace in this long - troubled area of the world .
Peace and Democracy in Burundi - Like neighboring Rwanda , Burundi suffered for decades under military dictatorships and a bloody inter-ethnic war between the Hutus and Tutsis .
Yet 2005 marked not only the democratic election of President Pierre Nkurunziza ( a former rebel leader ) but also a peace accord with the final rebel group , the FNL .
The Odd Tale of Charles Robert Jenkins - After serving for years in the U.S. Army , Sergeant Charles Robert Jenkins deserted in 1965 to North Korea ( of all places ) .
A few years ago , it was revealed that his Japanese - born wife had been kidnapped by the North Korean government .
She was allowed to return to Japan after extensive negotiations and then Jenkins finally made it to Japan himself .
After a few months , he was tried by the U.S. military on the 40 year old desertion charges , served 25 days in prison , and is now a free man .
He then later went to the U.S. for the first time in decades to see his mother .
The tale was odd for many reasons , including the Bush administration 's unbending intent to punish Jenkins for desertion some 40 years after the fact .
Jose Padilla -
An American citizen , arrested on American soil , Padilla was seized in 2002 .
After being held incommunicado for 3 years , he was suddenly re-classified from being an " enemy combatant " to a normal criminal , charged only with a relatively minor crime of fundraising for terrorist groups .
The saga continues , with just this week the U.S. government petitioning the Supreme Court to allow Padilla to be transferred to civilian custody .
He has been held in a military brig for 3 years , completely without access to his family or to lawyers .
This story should never be forgotten because if it could happen to him , it could happen to any of us ...
CIA Secret Prisons and Ghost Flights -
Well this is n't exactly a " forgotten " story , but it 's fading from the public 's memory .
I 've already written a ( so far ) 19 - part series on this issue , but what bears remembering is that the mainstream media ( particularly the Washington Post ) knows which countries hosted the secret prisons , but refuses to name names .
Not only that , but the Bush administration has categorically refused to deny their existance .
And oddly enough , every potential host country has denied hosting them , leading to a paradox that apparently wo n't get sorted out until next year .
Meanwhile Dick Marty at the Council of Europe is hard on the trail of those guilty of this shocking defiance of basic human rights in the name of the " war on terror " .
London Bombings -
Although the events of July 7 were well - documented , certain angles of the story have disappeared from the public 's memory .
Among them are the strange coincidence that a terror attack was planned on the same day at the exact same locations , that the police shot and killed an innocent man ( and meanwhile defended this action ) and that the " mastermind " , Mohammed Sidique Khan , had been monitored by intelligence agencies for years yet somehow he managed to pull off the attacks flawlessly .
I 've written a 12 - part series on this story if you 're interested in more details .
Non-Publication of International Terrorism Report - Every year since 1985 , the U.S. State Department has published an annual report on international terrorism .
Yet in April of this year , they suddenly declined to publish one , without explanation .
Later it was discovered that terrorist attacks had risen since 2004 , embarassing the administration .
Darfur -
The region in western Sudan has been devastated by a vicious and brutal inter-ethnic war with thousands killed , millions displaced from their home , and the violence has been marked by mass rape .
Yet the United States and western powers have done little this year to end the fighting .
Indeed , recently the Bush administration cut funds to the African Union peacekeeping force , some 7,000 soldiers trying to patrol an area the size of Texas .
Kashmir Earthquake - Despite widespread coverage after the earthquake hit on October 8 , aid has trickled and 1.2 million were displaced , most of whom are still homeless and hungry in a mountainous region with bitterly cold winter setting in .
These people still need help !
Bill Bennett -
The former Education " czar " under Ronald Reagan and righteous preacher of morals opened his mouth on September 28 , 2005 and said " But I do know that it 's true that if you wanted to reduce crime , you could -- if that were your sole purpose , you could abort every black baby in this country , and your crime rate would go down . "
This after admitting in 2003 that he had lost millions of dollars in gambling but refused to say he had a " problem " .
Anyone feel like checking out " The Book of Virtues " from the library anytime soon ?
White Phosphorous - First , the U.S. Army denied it had ever used WP in Iraq .
Then after research by bloggers , it admitted it had used it in Fallujah , but not in such a way as to violate the Treaty on Chemical Weapons .
Either way , a horrific documentary was produced by RAI television showing civilians with melted skin .
Yet another example of the U.S. improving its own image .
Peeing on the Koran - Newsweek released a story about American guards urinating on the Koran , Islam 's holy book , which triggered off riots in Afghanistan and Pakistan ( and elsewhere ) .
At first , the White House condemned Newsweek for their " irresponsible acts " yet later the Pentagon admitted the story was true , with the caveat that the pissing on the Koran was " purely accidental " .
Yet another example of the U.S. improving its own image .
Downing Street Memos - Someone released a copy of insider documents from the British Prime Minister 's office , showing how the war to occupy Iraq was rigged .
It got little attention from the mainstream media until it was heavily pushed by bloggers .
Then it faded away as it seemed the public cared little about the issue .
Afghanistan -
It seems the entire country has been forgotten .
Amongst other things , that 2005 was the deadliest year of the 4 - year occupation , that some 99 American soldiers ( including NFL star Pat Tillman , killed by friendly fire , which the Pentagon initially covered up ) and 30 coalition soldiers have been killed ( plus scores of Afghan troops ) .
Also forgotten is that finally a parliament was elected , marred by serious irregularities and also the inclusion of many drug - and warlords in the cabinet .
Plus the Taliban is far from being eradicated as it still holds press conferences triumphing its " successes " .
Oh yeah , hardly any reconstruction has been done , even Kabul is attacked / shelled regularly and women continued to be treated poorly , up to and including being jailed for running away from forced marriages .
Oh yeah , plus 240 American soldiers were wounded in Afghanistan in 2005 , bringing the total to 658 .
Rick Santorum - The Senator from Pennsylvania , on April 7 in an interview with the AP :
SANTORUM : Monogamous relationships .
In every society , the definition of marriage has not ever to my knowledge included homosexuality .
That 's not to pick on homosexuality .
It 's not , you know , man on child , man on dog , or whatever the case may be .
It is one thing .
And when you destroy that you have a dramatic impact on the quality -- AP : I 'm sorry , I did n't think I was going to talk about " man on dog " with a United States senator , it 's sort of freaking me out .
SANTORUM : And that 's sort of where we are in today 's world , unfortunately .
This was on top of other controversies , including his saying pedophilia amongst priests in Boston was " no surprise " because it is a " liberal " city , his children 's attendance at a school district in which they were n't living and his blaming of Katrina victims for not " heeding the warnings " .
Not to mention he 's one of the most corrupt members of Congress .
Uzbekistan - A steadfast ally of the United States , regularly engaging in state - sponsored horrific torture ( including boiling victims alive ) , gunned down hundreds of civilians in Andijan / Andizhan in May .
After receiving only lukewarm criticism from the United States , the government responded by evicting the American military from its use of the K2 airbase .
Azerbaijan - Georgia - Turkey pipeline - After billions of dollars of financing , an oil pipeline was opened to carry petroleum from Azerbaijan through Georgia to Turkey .
This despite the fact that the Azeri government is hideously corrupt and authoritarian , regularly cracking down on opposition movements and expressions of free speech .
The U.S. also lodged no complaints in November after a clearly rigged election kept strongman Aliyev 's party in power .
Not reported almost anywhere , the U.S. is also in the process of constructing an airbase near Baku , and has donated millions of dollars in " used " military equipment to the regime , including a Coast Guard cutter ship .
Halabja , Iraq - 17 years ago , Saddam Hussein become internationally condemned for using chemical weapons against the largely Kurdish town of Halabja , killing some 5,000 people .
Yet over the years , more people died because of contaminated drinking water .
Earlier this year , the U.S. eliminated funding to provide clean drinking water to the town due to a shifting of funds from reconstruction to defense .
Absolutely tragic .
Terri Schiavo - Everyone remembers the controversy this March when a braindead woman had her feeding tube removed after 15 years of being in a vegetative state .
What should never be forgotten however is the U.S. Congress ' intervention in the case , " subpoening " her so she could get " witness protection " , Florida Governor Jeb Bush 's intervention and last but not least , Senator Majority leader Bill Frist " diagnosing " that she was not braindead after viewing a videotape of her .
Jeff Gannon / James Guckert -
For years , the mainstream media at White House briefings let an unqualified reporter , who could n't pass a basic security check , sit in at press briefings and lob softball questions to help out the president .
Then activist bloggers , pooling together publically - available material , revealed his true background including his stint as a gay prostitute .
Shame on the commercial media and endless kudos go to the citizens who did the media 's job , resulting in the creation of E Pluribus Media .
Robertson Wants Chavez Assassinated - On August 23 , conservative religious " leader " and long - time Republican funder Pat Robertson openly called for the assassination of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez .
Robertson later " modified " his comments , saying he was quoted out of context .
Meanwhile the White House refused to condemn Robertson 's statements , lending more fuel to the leftist anti-U.S. fire burning in South America .
Saddam Not Connected to 9/11 - Boggling to the mind , on December 16 George Bush stated that he never said there was a connection between 9/11 and Saddam Hussein despite making dozens of such references in the lead - up to the war .
Paid To Publish -
There were a whole heap of stories this year on this subject , from the military paying the Iraqi press to insert " favorable " stories to Armstrong Williams paid to promote the administration 's " No Child Left Behind " to slimeball lobbyist Jack Abramoff paying syndicated columnists to publish favorable articles as he wooed policymakers to vote a certain way .
Disgusting all the way around .
Iraq Worse Now Than Under Saddam Hussein - Despite what should 've been a shellshocking revelation , little ink was spilled in covering the story that human rights abuses are worse now than under Saddam Hussein .
Yep , it 's the sad truth , and no less than the former Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi confirmed it ( not to mention entities like Human Rights Watch ) .
Bill O'Reilly Advocates Terrorism - Back in November on his show , O'Reilly publically called on terrorists to strike San Francisco .
He later said he was quoted " out of context " and defended his statements .
Reasons for War Staged - Not I 'm not talking about Iraq ( although it should be admitted as well ) , but in October the American government officially admitted that the Gulf of Tonkin " incident " , which sparked off the larger military " action " ( war ) in Vietnam was completely falsified in order for President LBJ to get Congress to authorize the war .
Hurricane Katrina -
While obviously this story is not forgotten , it should never be allowed to fade that Bush was busy playing the guitar , Condoleezza Rice was shopping for shoes , and Michael " Brownie " Brown was complaining about his wardrobe when a major American city was nearly wiped off the map .
Nor should it be forgotten just how many National Guards troops and their equipment were in Iraq , unable to help defend the country they were employed to defend .
Plus of course atrocious treatment of those who were unable to evacuate , including the nightmare that became the Super Bowl .
Cindy Sheehan -
An ordinary woman , who lost her son in the foolish Iraq war , managed to light a spark in the nation when she camped outside of Bush 's ranch in Crawford this summer , demanding an answer as to what " noble cause " her son died for .
Kudos goes to the thousands of supporters who rallied behind her cause .
Spec. Sean Baker -
You might remember him , he was the soldier who in 2003 was beaten to a pulp when he was " roleplaying " a detainee in Guantanamo Bay .
In June , he sued the Pentagon for $ 15 million dollars , saying the incident violated his rights .
After the incident , he was forced to retire for medical reasons after 5 soldiers banged his head against a concrete floor , choked him and sprayed him with pepper gas .
It 's also worth not forgetting that not a single person was ever punished for the incident .
John Negroponte - Confirmed in his post as National Intelligence Director , Negroponte 's sordid history in the 1980's , covering up government - sponsored massacres by death squads ( and advocating for their deployment in Iraq ) , was completely overlooked .
Once again , the U.S. continued to destroy it 's image in the view of the free world .
Alberto Gonzales -
He was confirmed in his position as Attorney General , the person who is supposed to uphold the laws of the land , after conspiring with Torture MasterTM John
Yoo to find legal " loopholes " to justify the torture of prisoners in the name of the " war on terror " .
Maher Arar -
An innocent Canadian citizen , stopping in New York City en route back to his hometown , was forcibly " rendered " unto Syria ( via Jordan ) to be tortured and denied access to his country 's embassy .
Arar sued the American government on March 29 but the case has not been heard .
Meanwhile Rice and Bush continue to say the U.S. " does not send people " to countries where torture is practiced .
WMD Hunt Abandoned -
In January , the Bush administration officially stopped all searches for Saddam Hussein 's illegal WMD " stockpiles " as not a single illegal weapon was ever found .
Meanwhile the casualties continue to mount up ...
Abu Ghraib - On January 14 and September 26 respectively , Charles Graner and Lynndie England were convicted on minor charges of abusing prisoners at Abu Ghraib .
More on this here .
Meanwhile no high - ranking officers were ever demoted or tried in court for this incident .
Also what should never be forgotten is that two lawyers who crafted some of the legislation that organized torture , Jay Bybee and Michael Chertoff , were both given plum jobs afterwards ( Bybee as a Circuit Court judge and Chertoff as head of the Dept. of Homeland Security ) .
Bunnatine Greenhouse -
Yes she 's got a strange name but she is one of the military 's bravest members .
The WaPo story on here is here , detailing how she was fired for questioning the no-bid Army contracts going to Halliburton .
She worked for years to save her country 's military money so it could be as efficient as possible then was sabotaged when she dared to question the plum contracts being handed out to Halliburton and its affiliates .
Lynne Stewart -
She 's got quite a mug and she defends some of the most awful people on the planet , including terrorists .
Still she did n't deserve being convicted on February 10 of a " terrorist conspiracy " when she gave a press conference concerning her client , Omar Abdel Rahman , the blind radical terrorist cleric .
I wrote an entire article about her , which can be found here .
Hemant Lakhani -
One of the oddest stories of the year , the British citizen was convicted in the United States on terrorism charges .
Yet a closer look at the case reveals that A ) he was primarily a rug merchant , B ) the FBI approached him and offered to procure him missiles and C ) the only missles he ever bought were supplied by the Russian government and they were fakes .
In my mind , it was a clear case of entrapment , designed to make headlines as " progress " in the pitiful " war on terror " , in which the U.S. has had less than a dozen criminal convictions in the 4 years since 9/11 .
My complete story on Lekhani can be found here , was written in January .
The mainstream media caught up to the case in September , when Lakhani was convicted .
Suez Canal -
The waterway that connects the Mediterranean to the Red Sea and greater Middle East has been off - limits to U.S. naval vessels for a long period of time , apparently due to a threat of terrorist attacks .
I wrote about this here .
The issue is of major concern because it means all deliveries of military equipment via surface vessel ( as opposed to via aircraft ) must go all the way around the Horn of Africa .
The mainstream media never picked up this story at all .
Nepal - Back in February , the king of Nepal , the world 's last absolute monarch , dissolved the entire parliament and has ruled as an unabashed dictator ever since .
Hundreds of people have been arrested for peacefully protesting and demanding the re-instatement of the parliament .
Censorship is extreme and the press is not allowed to print anything without permission from the state .
The crackdown is so heavyhanded that often all the telephone lines are cut simply to keep news of new atrocities from being communicated to the outside world .
The government regularly uses torture against prisoners .
The army meanwhile continues to fight ( and is losing ) against a popular Marxist insurrection which has led to thousands of deaths .
The U.S. , Britain and India continue to pour weapons into the country despite the fact that Nepal is rapidly running out of money to pay for them .
Forgotten Wars -
While the mainstream press focuses on Iraq ( and occasionally )
Afghanistan it should never be forgotten there are ongoing wars in : Algeria , Armenia / Azerbaijan ( Nagorno - Karabakh ) , Bangladesh , Bhutan , Brazil , Cameroon , Central African Republic , Chad , Colombia , Congo ( Brazzaville ) , DR Congo , Cote D'Ivoire , El Salvador , Eritrea / Ethiopia , Georgia , Guatemala , Haiti , Honduras , India , Indonesia , Israel , Jamaica , Kenya , Moldova , Morocco ( W. Sahara ) , Myanmar ( Burma ) , Nepal , Nicaragua , Nigeria , Pakistan , Philippines , Russia ( N. Caucuses including Chechnya , Dagestan and Ingushetia ) , Saudi Arabia , Somalia , Sri Lanka , Sudan , Thailand , Togo , Trinidad & Tobago , Turkey , Uganda and Yemen .
 = criminal unrest rising to the point of near civil war , i.e. large - scale unrest beyond the ability of the government to effectively control .
Note : moving into the " peace " column by the end of this year are : Bhutan , Burundi , Comoros , Ireland , Liberia , Rwanda , Senegal , Togo and Yemen .
Also the war in Aceh ( Indonesia ) has succesfully been negotiated with a peace treaty although two other parts of Indonesia ( Malacca and Papua ) continue to have ongoing insurrections .
Coddling of Dictators -
And should I ever forget , the U.S. government in 2005 continued to supply military equipment , supplies and financial assistance to a large portion of the world 's dictatorial regimes and human rights violators .
These include , but are not limited to :
Afghanistan , Algeria , Armenia , Azerbaijan , Bahrain , Bosnia , the Central African Republic , Chad , China , Colombia , Djibouti , Egypt , Equatorial Guinea , Ethiopia , Haiti , Indonesia , Iraq , Jordan , Kazakhstan , Kuwait , Kyrgyzstan , Libya , Maldives , Mali , Mauritania , Morocco , Nepal , Niger , Nigeria , Oman , Pakistan , Qatar , Sao Tome & Principe , Saudi Arabia , Tajikstan , Tunisia , Turkmenistan , Uganda , United Arab Emirates , Uzbekistan and Yemen .
Countries in bold are providers of petroleum and / or natural gas .
Kenneth Maupin -
And last but not least , Private Kenneth Maupin is still listed as being Missing in Action .
He was captured by unknown Iraqi forces on April 16 , 2004 and is the only American soldier listed as MIA .
His family has just spent their second Christmas without knowing the fate of their son .
You 'll never be forgotten by those of us who truly support the troops .
Been a heck of a year , eh ?
Crossposted from my blog , Flogging the Simian
Peace
A Church 's Lethal Contract
By Dr. David S. Touretzky and Peter Alexander
Imagine a church so dangerous , you must sign a release form before you can receive its " spiritual assistance . "
This assistance might involve holding you against your will for an indefinite period , isolating you from friends and family , and denying you access to appropriate medical care .
You will of course be billed for this treatment - assuming you survive it .
If not , the release form absolves your caretakers of all responsibility for your suffering and death .
Welcome to the Church of Scientology .
In September 2003 , one of these Scientology release forms surfaced on the Internet .
The form , which describes itself as a " contract , " states that the signer opposes psychiatric treatment for anyone , particularly him or herself .
Should some mental illness befall them , they authorize the Church of Scientology to " extricate " them from the clutches of psychiatrists who might seek to treat them .
In lieu of psychiatric care , the contract says they agree to be placed on the " Introspection Rundown , " a Scientology therapy invented by the Church 's late founder , L. Ron Hubbard .
The release form reads : " I understand that the Introspection Rundown ... includes being isolated from all sources of potential spiritual upset , including , but not limited to family members , friends or others with whom I might normally interact .
As part of the Introspection Rundown , I specifically consent to Church members being with me 24 hours a day at the direction of my Case Supervisor . "
In addition , " ... the Case Supervisor will determine the time period in which I will remain isolated ... "
And later in the same paragraph : " ... such duration will be completely at the discretion of the Case Supervisor . "
The form ends with : " I further understand that by signing below , I am forever giving up my right to sue the Church ... for any injury or damage suffered in any way connected with Scientology religious services or spiritual assistance . "
Critics of Scientology refer to the legal waiver as " The Lisa Clause , " because the events described there , from extrication to isolation to injury or damage , closely parallel the horrifying story of Lisa McPherson , a Scientologist who died in the Church 's custody in 1995 .
( The release form can be read in its entirety at LisaClause.org . )
Scientology has tenaciously fought the wrongful death lawsuit filed by McPherson 's family , and so far has prevented it from getting to trial .
The Lisa McPherson Story
In 1995 , Lisa McPherson , a beautiful young blonde Scientologist , was under considerable pressure at the Scientologist - owned company where she worked .
She was also spending a fortune on Scientology counseling services : $ 58,000 that year alone .
But Scientology 's vaunted " spiritual technology " was n't working for her .
She spent most of the year undergoing church - ordered " handlings " meant to correct her lack of progress toward the enlightened state known as " Clear . "
By September , after 18 years in Scientology , she was finally certified as Clear , but was still unhappy with her life .
In November , McPherson telephoned Kelly Davis , a childhood friend in Dallas , and said she was coming home to stay Ð by Christmas at the latest .
In a sworn deposition , Davis said she interpreted Lisa 's remarks to mean that she was leaving the Church .
On November 18 , 1995 , Lisa stepped out of her Jeep Cherokee , removed her clothes , and walked naked through rush - hour traffic on a busy Clearwater , Florida street .
" I wanted people to think I was crazy , because I want help , " she explained to paramedics a few moments later .
The paramedics took her to the emergency room at nearby Morton Plant Hospital for a psychiatric evaluation .
Within minutes , half a dozen Scientologists appeared at the hospital , monitoring the medical staff 's every move and listening in the doorway while Lisa was examined .
Doctors found Lisa to be coherent and stable , but advised against removing her from the hospital .
Scientology staff members from the Office of Special Affairs ( the Church 's intelligence and public relations department ) saw things differently , and removed her from the hospital against the doctor 's advice , giving assurances that they would take her home but bring her back if she worsened .
The Scientologists then whisked her away , not to her home , but to the Church 's spiritual headquarters : the nearby Fort Harrison Hotel .
The Fort Harrison is one of 40 buildings in Clearwater that form Scientology 's " Flag Land Base , " or " Flag " for short .
It is heavily promoted around the world as " The Mecca of Technical Perfection , " meaning it 's the best Scientology has to offer .
People who have recently gone Clear at Flag , like Lisa McPherson , are not supposed to act out by shedding their clothes on a busy street .
Her naked cry for help threatened a public relations problem of the highest order .
Annie Mora , one of the staffers who came to " rescue " Lisa from the hospital , put it this way : " If she had to be institutionalized ... and had went [ sic ] ... to the media ... this is like the worst thing .
It [ the media ] could then interject lies ... that ...
Scientology hurts people or causes them to go insane . "
Seventeen days later , on December 5 , 1995 , Lisa McPherson was pronounced dead at a hospital in New Port Richey , 20 miles away .
Church staffers called Lisa 's family in Texas to say she 'd died from meningitis .
That was the first of many " stories " from Scientology .
The following day , the Clearwater Police Department opened a suspicious death investigation and an autopsy was performed .
Church staff told police that Lisa had been staying at the Fort Harrison for " rest and relaxation " when she suddenly fell ill .
The investigation stalled after three staffers closely involved in McPherson 's care suddenly left the country .
Meanwhile , several Scientologists flew to Texas for the funeral , where they prevailed upon McPherson 's family to cremate the body , eliminating the possibility of a second autopsy .
There had been no news reports of her death .
A year later , all that remained of Lisa McPherson was dust and silence .
The Church of Scientology is the brainchild of the late science fiction writer L. Ron Hubbard , who first put forward his theories on mental illness in his 1950 book , Dianetics : The Modern Science of Mental Health .
In it he argued that all mental and psychosomatic illnesses spring from a single source : moments of previously experienced pain or loss called " engrams . "
Hubbard told readers they could " clear " themselves of engrams through a crude form of psychotherapy he called " auditing . "
People who attain the state of Clear were said to be free from all mental problems , plus the pains of arthritis , migraine , ulcers , allergies , asthma , coronary difficulties , bursitis , poor vision and even the common cold .
It was quite a bargain for the price of a book , and Dianetics quickly rose to the top of The New York Times bestseller list .
Based on the book 's success , Hubbard opened a " Dianetics Foundation " in Elizabeth , New Jersey , where students could learn auditing from the master firsthand .
But rather than go Clear , several " Dianeticists " committed suicide .
By 1951 , the New Jersey State Board of Medical Examiners accused the organization of teaching medicine without a license .
The Dianetics Foundation soon went bankrupt , and Dianetics , which had briefly been a national fad , sank into obscurity .
Broke and despondent , Hubbard sought various ways to breathe new life into his failing enterprise .
In 1953 , he wrote to a friend , " What do you think about the religion angle ?
I sure could make it stick ! "
He did .
Hubbard founded the Church of Scientology in 1954 .
There were no Sunday sermons in Hubbard 's version of a church .
Instead , the faithful paid to learn how to use an " E- meter " ( a device akin to a lie detector that measures skin resistance ) to audit away their mental traumas .
Scientology was basically the same old Dianetics quackery combined with a belief in reincarnation , but by calling his business a church , Hubbard sought to use the First Amendment right of freedom of religion to shield himself from government scrutiny .
He was not entirely successful .
In 1963 , the US Food and Drug Administration seized hundreds of Scientology E-meters as unlicensed medical devices , citing Scientology 's own literature claiming to cure many types of physical illness through E- meter auditing .
After eight years of litigation , the E-meters were returned to the Church , but Scientology was ordered to stop making unsubstantiated medical claims and affix a disclaimer to each meter stating that its only use was in spiritual counseling .
Mental health experts have long seen Scientology as quackery .
The Anderson Report , filed by a team of Australian mental health professionals in 1965 , describes Hubbard 's counseling procedures as " authoritative hypnosis . "
" Because of serious risk of harm to the patient , " the report states , " it is only in rare and exceptional circumstances that authoritative hypnosis is used in medical practice . "
Ex-Scientologists claim that some of Hubbard 's spiritual technology amounts to brainwashing .
Many judges have seen Scientology the same way .
In 1984 , British Justice Latey ruled , " It is dangerous because it is out to capture people and to indoctrinate and brainwash them so they become the unquestioning captives and tools of the cult , withdrawn from ordinary thought , living and relationships with others . "
Whether it's a brainwashing cult or a religion , one thing is certain : Scientology continues to recruit streams of new members ( called " raw meat " by the sales staff ) .
Their sales gimmicks include offering " free stress tests " on street corners , promising to rid people of drug habits through their front group , Narconon ( spokesperson : Kirstie Alley ) , teaching kids how to study through their World Literacy Campaign ( spokesperson : Isaac Hayes ) and a host of other schemes .
Scientology frequently claimed to have eight million members worldwide , until CBS 's Diane Sawyer got Church President Heber Jentzsch to confess that this number included everyone who had ever taken a course since 1954 .
Ex-staffers have revealed that there are actually only about 50,000 hardcore " Lifetime Members " ( they estimate total membership at well below 100,000 ) .
Once inside Scientology 's doors , " registrars " ( salespeople ) extract huge sums of money from believers .
" Make Money , " Hubbard once urged his staff .
" Make more money .
Make other people produce so as to make more money . "
How much money do they make ?
No one knows for sure , but it is estimated that a person can spend a cool $ 365,000 to make it to the top of Hubbard 's " Bridge to Total Freedom . "
Unfortunately for the Church of Scientology , its activities are constantly monitored by a loose collection of ex-members and free speech activists who call themselves " the critics . "
In late 1996 , critic Jeff Jacobsen found a request for information about the Lisa McPherson case on the Clearwater Police Department 's website .
He noticed that Lisa 's last known address was the Fort Harrison Hotel .
Jacobsen realized there was a story here , and began contacting local media .
Critics informed the Clearwater Police Department that Church staffers had probably lied when they 'd said McPherson was only at the Fort Harrison for rest and relaxation .
It was more likely she had been held in isolation as part of an Introspection Rundown .
The police stepped up their investigation and The Tampa Tribune ran a story publicizing the search for the three missing witnesses .
Scientology spokesman Brian Anderson responded that the three had no connection to McPherson 's death , but police already knew they worked directly with Dr. Janis Johnson in the Flag medical liaison office .
Johnson had voluntarily surrendered her medical license in Arizona some years earlier , and was not licensed to practice in Florida .
When the paper reported critics ' accusations that Lisa had been on a " baby watch " ( Scientology 's nickname for part of the Introspection Rundown ) , Anderson said there was no such thing and threatened lawsuits against anyone who said there was .
The Church had isolated Lisa to prevent PR problems , but now the isolation itself was becoming a problem .
Scientology attorney Sandy Weinberg sent a letter to the state prosecutor complaining about the investigation , and stating , " Lisa was not at the hotel for services and therefore there was no auditor or case supervisor from the Church in charge . "
And Scientology 's chief counsel , Elliot Abelson , appearing on TV's Inside Edition , said : " She rested , she slept a lot , nothing unusual , really , until the end of her stay . "
Abelson went on to say that there was no one at the hotel capable of realizing the seriousness of McPherson 's condition when she suddenly fell ill .
But on a follow - up program , when asked about the role of Dr. Johnson , an unlicensed physician , the Church 's attorney refused to answer questions .
In January 1997 , Lisa 's mother , Fanny McPherson , hired Tampa attorney Ken Dandar to find and hold accountable the people responsible for Lisa 's death .
Scientology had by then dropped the meningitis story .
The new story : McPherson died from an embolism to the lung , a delayed and unforeseeable result of a minor traffic accident before the paramedics took her to Morton Plant Hospital .
Then , in an unexpected development , police obtained access to internal Church records of McPherson 's care .
The tale they told was horrifying .
According to the records , Scientology had placed Lisa on an isolation watch ( possibly a prelude to the Introspection Rundown ) at the Fort Harrison .
She was quite lucid when first brought to the hotel .
Church security staff took her to a room and locked her in .
She was assigned a team of non-medically trained caretakers that included a librarian , a secretary , a file clerk and a personnel director , all supposedly supervised by Dr. Johnson and Alain Kartuzinski , the senior case supervisor at the Mecca of Technical Perfection .
She was watched around the clock by this rotating team , but per Hubbard 's teachings , they were not allowed to speak to her .
Under constant watch in a locked and darkened room , McPherson deteriorated both physically and mentally .
She refused to eat , either vomiting or spitting out her food .
She did not sleep and paced the room constantly .
When she tried to leave , she was brought back by her watchers .
To control her , Johnson gave her the sedative chloral hydrate , a controlled substance whose side - effects can include both vomiting and mental confusion .
As McPherson worsened , she pounded the walls , locked herself in the bathroom , crawled on the floor , and kicked , hit and gouged her caretakers , giving one a black eye .
In another botched attempt at treatment , several Scientologists held her down while another force - fed her concoctions of herbal remedies , Benadryl and aspirin by sticking a turkey baster down her throat .
When this failed , she was given injections of liquid Valium , without benefit of a doctor 's supervision .
Finally , the records indicate that she was reduced to babbling incoherently and soiling herself .
When Scientology staffers finally decided to return McPherson to a physician 's care , they did not call an ambulance to make the two - minute drive to Morton Plant Hospital .
Instead , they bypassed the four closest hospitals and drove her 50 minutes away to a hospital in the next county , where fellow Scientologist Dr. David Minkoff was on duty .
Two of the Scientologists in the car that night claimed McPherson stopped breathing during the drive , but forensic evidence suggests she may have been dead before she ever left the Fort Harrison .
In any case , she arrived at the hospital with no pulse or vital signs , and with cuts , bruises and sores all over her emaciated body .
Minkoff pronounced her dead shortly thereafter .
He later described her condition as , " Horrible ... terrible ... [ and ] shocking . "
Lisa had lost an estimated 40 pounds during her 17 days in isolation .
When CBS 's Public Eye covered the investigation in 1998 , reporter Kristin Jeanette - Meyers asked Scientology executive Mike Rinder if McPherson 's gross deterioration showed that the rest and relaxation program was n't working .
Rinder blithely replied , " No , I do n't think that that 's clear at all . "
What was clear was that Scientology would not accept responsibility for what happened to Lisa McPherson .
With the collapse of the rest and relaxation story , Scientology changed tactics again .
Now the Church claimed that Lisa had indeed been on the Introspection Rundown , but since this was a religious ritual , its actions were protected by the First Amendment 's guarantee of religious freedom .
The Legal Battle
Scientology retains an army of lawyers and private investigators to wage war against its enemies .
According to IRS records , the Church spent over $ 30 million on legal and professional fees in one year alone .
Shortly after Ken Dandar filed the wrongful death suit , Scientology counsel Elliot Abelson called to say , " We will bury you . "
But Dandar , a lawyer who spends almost as much time leading his Catholic " Renew Your Faith " group as he does in court , was not intimidated .
He called in forensic experts to validate the autopsy results reported by the coroner , Dr. Joan Wood .
Highly respected medical expert Dr. Calvin Bandt analyzed the post - mortem chemistry .
He said it showed McPherson was severely dehydrated and in a coma during the last several days of her life .
He termed the caretaker reports of her being active up to the last day " unreliable and pure fantasy . "
Dandar brought in board certified forensic entomologists who testified that sores on Lisa 's body included 110 cockroach - feeding sites .
The bites had occurred both before and after death , indicating that Lisa was kept for several days in the dark and immobile , either while in a coma from severe dehydration , or as a corpse .
An independent expert retained by Inside Edition went on to say , it was Scientology 's cocktail of drugs and herbal potions that caused Lisa 's hallucinations and the dehydration that led to her death .
The legal battle intensified when State Attorney Bernie McCabe filed criminal charges against the Church for practicing medicine without a license and abusing a disabled adult .
Stunned , Scientology leader David Miscavige complained to McCabe , " These are virtually the first charges ever brought against any church . "
Scientology counter - attacked by bringing in their own team of forensic experts to dispute Dr. Wood 's autopsy findings that Lisa had died of " bed rest and severe dehydration . "
They soon buried Wood in reams of forensic reports .
But Scientology 's attacks were not confined to legal filings .
According to Lee Strope of the Florida Department of Law Enforcement , the Church placed Dr. Wood under constant surveillance .
As a result , Scientology discovered something about the coroner that Assistant State Attorney Doug Crow described as " extremely damaging to Wood 's office and her career . "
Finally , under pressure from the surveillance and a lawsuit filed by the Church , Dr. Wood began to change her autopsy results .
First she changed the cause of death from " undetermined " to " accidental , " then to " homicide , " but then back to " accidental . "
When asked to explain her changes , she contradicted herself within a few sentences .
Wood 's waffling forced State Attorney McCabe to drop the criminal charges , as the coroner no longer made a credible witness .
A few months later , Wood resigned .
With the State of Florida knocked out of the box , Scientology concentrated the full force of its firepower on Dandar and the McPherson estate .
" The purpose of a lawsuit is to harass and discourage rather than to win , " Scientology 's late founder once wrote .
" The law can be used very easily to harass , and enough harassment on somebody who is simply on the thin edge anyway ... will generally be sufficient to cause his professional decease .
If possible , of course , ruin him utterly . "
Hubbard later wrote a " Fair Game Policy " which states that Scientology 's enemies " may be deprived of property or injured by any means by any Scientologist ...
May be tricked , sued or lied to or destroyed . "
The Church 's Fair Game campaign against Dandar began when a team of private investigators started contacting Dandar 's former clients .
One PI , during a visit to client Linda Herrington , accused Dandar of being " involved " with Herrington 's 16 - year - old daughter .
Both Herrington and her daughter denied the allegations .
The PI , who gave a false name ( he was later identified as Brian Raftery ) , admitted he was working for the Church .
On learning this , Dandar filed a bar grievance against Church lawyers , but Herrington died , in a still unexplained car accident , two weeks before she could testify at the hearing .
The Fair Game campaign continued when Scientology detectives began constant surveillance of Jesse Prince , a former high - ranking Scientologist and Dandar 's expert witness on the inner workings of the Church .
Prince was befriended by a man who called himself Rinzy Trinidad .
Trinidad brought bottles of liquor to Prince 's home , and smoked marijuana with him .
In reality , Prince 's new friend was Scientology PI Barry Gaston .
When local police , using Gaston as an informant , busted Prince for possession of marijuana , Scientology PI Brian Raftery was on hand to videotape the arrest .
Raftery later testified that he was paid $ 187,200 in one year for his work against Dandar 's witness .
But Scientology paid a much higher price when the frame - up came out in court .
Prince was set free and the Church was charged with witness tampering , which resulted in Judge Susan F. Schaeffer promising " severe sanctions " against Scientology for its activities .
The Church has learned to take the long view of setbacks in court .
Some of its legal battles have lasted decades .
In one landmark case settled in 2002 , former member Lawrence Wollersheim collected an $ 8.7 million judgement for pain and suffering caused by the Church 's treatment of him , but only after 22 years of legal warfare .
To reach his victory , Wollersheim had been forced to sell all of his assets and go $ 900,000 into debt .
Dandar took the McPherson case on a contingency basis , which meant he was funding what looked to be a long , arduous battle himself .
Just when it appeared Scientology was succeeding in its attempt to financially bury him , an angel stepped in to help .
The angel was Bob Minton , a retired Boston investment banker who first learned about Scientology , and its battle with the critics , on the Internet .
He began funding the case , eventually providing Dandar with more than $ 2 million .
( By comparison , Scientology has spent over $ 20 million . )
Minton 's funding of the case turned him into Scientology 's enemy number one .
A Fair Game campaign of unparalleled harassment was launched against him .
As Church PIs dug into his financial dealings , Scientologists followed his two young daughters on their walks home from school and on vacations .
When Minton flew around the US , Scientology picketers met him at every airport .
He was hauled into court by Scientology attorneys , who demanded far - reaching discovery into every aspect of his life .
The legal onslaught lasted for several years , until he was finally forced to throw in the towel .
When Minton entered into secret settlement negotiations with Scientology executives and their attorneys , they demanded , among other things , that he make the Lisa McPherson wrongful death suit " go away . "
Dandar 's angel now turned into his devil .
In April 2002 , Minton , appearing in a Clearwater courtroom to defend against criminal contempt charges filed against him by Scientology , stunned everyone by accusing Dandar of being a " lying thief . "
As if on cue , Scientology filed an immediate motion to disqualify Dandar and noticed the court that Minton would be its star witness .
Dandar hired First Amendment attorney Luke Lirot , and together they spent 40 days defending against what Judge Schaeffer described as Minton 's perjured testimony .
The Judge 's ruling stopped just short of accusing Scientology of extortion in its manipulation of Minton .
She denied the motion to disqualify Dandar , but that motion was only the beginning .
Dandar has persevered through a seemingly endless barrage of legal attacks .
There have been nine attempts to disqualify him , and four attempts to remove Lisa 's aunt , Dell Liebreich , as executor of Lisa 's estate .
Scientology attorneys have filed bar complaints against both him and Lirot , lawsuits against Lisa 's family , and motions to remove judges and move the case to other venues .
When asked how going up against Scientology compares to normal litigation , Lirot replied , " It 's like comparing LSD to orange juice . "
As of this writing , the wrongful death case has gone through four judges in seven years .
A trial date has still not been set .
Still , attorney Dandar has not tired of the fray .
" When I 'm done with this case , " He says , " I 'm going to see if I can get their IRS tax exemption revoked .
How can a church use its tax exempt donations to harass and destroy people 's lives ? "
Scientology may have escaped a criminal conviction , but they could be ruined by the subsequent civil suit .
The wrongful death case threatens the Church with far more than monetary damages .
Because Scientologists believe their technology to be infallible and mankind 's only hope for survival , a ruling that " the tech , " properly applied , killed Lisa McPherson , could trigger a crisis of confidence among the faithful .
If the case gets to trial and the rumors of Court TV coverage prove true , Scientology 's chances of recruiting new members would be difficult .
The Church 's apparent defense strategy now rests on a freedom of religion argument , a risky gambit because the Introspection Rundown says nothing about withholding medical care from a gravely ill , mentally incompetent adult .
That would be illegal .
Scientology cannot lay claim to such a practice without imperiling its tax exemption .
Hence , the Church 's real defense strategy is to delay the trial by attacking Dandar and the estate , until either McPherson 's relatives are exhausted or Dandar runs out of money .
Has the Church learned anything from McPherson 's death ?
A parishioner in a psychotic state still cannot be brought to a hospital without attracting unwanted media attention , leading to inevitable accusations that Scientology 's own treatments caused the psychosis .
With the press and a legion of Internet critics watching every move the Church makes , Hubbard 's isolation policy must seem the only route open to it .
So one should not expect Scientology 's " religious " practices to change .
As the new release form indicates , the Church knowingly anticipates future Lisa McPhersons .
Hubbard himself states at the beginning of each Scientology course pack , " We 'd rather have you dead than incapable . "
To protect the Church from those who will learn that lesson the hard way , there 's the Lisa Clause .
" The Critics "
Scientology 's critics fall into four categories : ex-members still troubled by abuse they suffered while in the Church , free speech activists opposed to Scientology 's efforts to censor critical information on the Internet , persons who have lost family members to cults , and those who are concerned about Scientology 's attacks on the mental health profession .
Ida Camburn of Hemet , California , lost a child to Scientology .
In 1975 , her criticism of the organization led her son Ronnie to write her a " disconnection letter , " a common practice in Scientology , stating that he was cutting off all contact .
Camburn began a correspondence with Congressman Leo J. Ryan of California , who was investigating Jim Jones ' People 's Temple cult .
Ryan , who lost his favorite nephew to Scientology , described the organization in a 1976 letter to Camburn as " jackals " and " 20th Century Fagins . "
Ryan was planning to meet with Camburn upon his return from a visit to the People 's Temple facility in Guyana in 1978 .
But Ryan and four reporters were murdered at the airstrip , and Jones and his followers committed mass suicide .
Since then , Camburn has written thousands of letters to congressmen , reporters and religious leaders , warning them about Scientology 's destructive effect on families .
She has suffered a stream of harassment from Scientology staffers and private investigators for her efforts .
Now 80 , Camburn shows little sign of slowing down .
She corresponds with the many friends she 's made in government and media circles , and with other parents who have lost children to cults .
She is also active on the Internet .
The critics call her " mom . "
Scott Pilutik is a web developer turned law student who first became aware of Scientology in 1998 , when the Church coerced Amazon.com into removing a critical book from its online catalog .
After a public outcry , Amazon quickly restored Jonathan Atack 's A Piece of Blue Sky : Scientology , Dianetics and L. Ron Hubbard Exposed , but Pilutik was outraged and began researching the Church .
With help from other critics , Pilutik maintains ScientologyWatch.org and three other websites exposing various aspects of Scientology 's activities .
A Manhattan resident , Pilutik is planning to focus on intellectual property law , an area undergoing rapid change since the arrival of the Internet .
Some of those changes have been catalyzed by the Church of Scientology 's inventiveness in using copyright , trademark and trade secret law to suppress speech it does n't like .
Celebrities on Scientology
Scientology 's most favored members are celebrities such as actors Tom Cruise , John Travolta and wife Kelly Preston , Kirstie Alley , Jenna Elfman , Juliette Lewis and Anne Archer .
Other celebrity members include Fox News analyst Greta Van Susteren , Nancy Cartwright ( voice of Bart Simpson ) , jazz musicians Chick Corea and Isaac Hayes , and singer Lisa Marie Presley and her mother Priscilla .
Scientology promotes itself through front groups purporting to address various health , education and human rights issues .
Most have celebrity Scientologists as spokespersons .
Stories about these celebrities and the good works they do through Scientology are continually fed to the press by Church PR staff and featured on TV programs like Entertainment Tonight .
Promoting its celebrities lends Scientology an air of glamour and legitimacy , diverting attention from its reputation as the most litigious " religious organization " in the world .
" A civilization without insanity , without criminals and without war , where the able can prosper and able beings can have rights , and where man is free to rise to greater heights , are the aims of Scientology . "
Ð L. Ron Hubbard John Travolta
" I would say that Scientology put me into the big time . "
Anne Archer
" Scientology is sanity and if people who are n't in Scientology knew just how sane their lives could be , they would run to find out about it . "
Jenna Elfman
" Scientology is about regaining total cause over your own life . "
Isaac Hayes
" Scientology is the gateway to eternity .
It is the path to happiness and total spiritual freedom .
Until one has experienced the technology of Scientology it 's unlikely that one will ever experience these wonderful discoveries .
I know because it has worked for me .
The more time and effort I invest , the more I receive .
I highly recommend it . "
Leah Remini
" Scientology has been my road out .
There is nothing about my life that I feel apathetic or unhappy about .
Scientology gives you hope and the certainty that you can improve any condition .
This , to me , is priceless . "
Kelly Preston
" Life is at my fingertips , and with Scientology , I 've found I can have or be whatever I want . "
Giovanni Ribisi
" Without Scientology , I would be in an alley somewhere , looking for dope . "
Lisa Marie Presley
" Ron Hubbard researched man and has carefully and precisely mapped a route out of the madness , misery and unwanted conditions one can encounter in life .
When applied exactly , the technology produces incredible results .
Those results are very definite and eternal . "
Juliette Lewis
" I am no longer stuck in the bottomless pit of despair and apathy .
Having achieved the state of Clear is the single most important thing that I 've done for myself .
It has allowed me to experience life in a way I only imagined . "
Priscilla Presley
" I wish that he [ Elvis Presley ] knew what Scientology was before he died . "
Tom Cruise
" I think people speak out of not knowing what they 're talking about , basically .
That if you pick up a book and you read about it , there 's so many different tools that people can apply to their lives to make them better instantly .
And I think the criticism comes from Ð you know , it 's a group that does n't pull punches . "
The world 's six billion people can be divided into two groups : group one , who know why every good software company ships products with known bugs ; and group two , who do n't .
Those in group 1 tend to forget what life was like before our youthful optimism was spoiled by reality .
Sometimes we encounter a person in group two , a new hire on the team or a customer , who is shocked that any software company would ship a product before every last bug is fixed .
Every time Microsoft releases a version of Windows , stories are written about how the open bug count is a five - digit number .
People in group two find that interesting .
But if you are a software developer , you need to get into group one , where I am .
Why would an independent software vendor - like SourceGear - release a product with known bugs ?
There are several reasons :
· We care about quality so deeply that we know how to decide which bugs are acceptable and which ones are not .
· It is better to ship a product with a known quality level than to ship a product full of surprises .
· The alternative is to fix them and risk introducing worse bugs .
All the reasons are tied up in one truth : every time you fix a bug , you risk introducing another .
Do n't we all start out with the belief that software only gets better as we work on it ?
Nobody on our team intentionally creates new bugs .
Yet we have done accidentally .
Risky changes
Every code change is a risk .
If you do n't recognise this you will never create a shippable product .
At some point , you have to decide which bugs are n't going to be fixed .
Think about what we want to say to ourselves just after our product is released .
The people in group two want to say : " Our bug database has zero open items .
We did n't defer a single bug . "
The group 1 person wants to say : " Our bug database has lots of open items .
We have reviewed every one and consider each to be acceptable .
We are not ashamed of this list .
On the contrary , we draw confidence because we are shipping a product with a quality that is well known .
We admit our product would be even better if all these items were ' fixed ' , but fixing them would risk introducing new bugs . "
I 'm not suggesting anybody should ship products of low quality .
But decisions about software quality can be tough and subtle .
There are four questions to ask about every bug .
The first two are customer ones , and the next two are developer ones .
1 ) How bad is its impact ?
( Severity )
2 ) How often does it happen ?
( Frequency )
3 ) How much effort is required to fix it ?
( Cost )
4 ) What is the risk of fixing it ?
( Risk )
I like to visualise the first two plotted on a 2D graph , with severity on the vertical axis .
The top of the graph is a bug with extreme impact ( " the user 's computer bursts into flames " ) and the bottom one has very low impact ( " one splash screen pixel is the wrong shade of grey " ) .
The horizontal axis is frequency : on the right side is a bug that happens very often ( " the user sees this each day " ) and on the left , one that seldom happens .
Broadly speaking , stuff gets more important as you move up or to the right of the graph .
A bug in the upper right should be fixed .
A bug in the lower left should not .
Sometimes I draw this graph on a whiteboard when arguing for or against a bug .
Questions three and four are about the tradeoffs involved in fixing the bug .
The answers can only ever make the priority of a bug go down - never up .
If , after answering questions one and two , a bug does not deserve attention , skip the other two .
A common mistake is to use question three to justify fixing a bug that is n't important .
We never make unimportant code changes just because they 're easy .
Every code change has a cost and a risk .
Bad decisions happen when people make code changes ignoring these two issues .
For instance , our product , Vault , stores all data using Microsoft SQL Server .
Some people do n't like this .
We 've been asked to port the back end to Oracle , PostgreSQL , MySQL and Firebird .
This issue is in our bug database as item 6740 .
The four questions would look like this :
· Severity : People who refuse to use SQL Server can't use Vault .
· Frequency : This " bug " affects none of our users ; it merely prevents a group of people from using our product .
· Cost : Very high .
Vault 's backend makes extensive use of features specific to Microsoft SQL Server .
Contrary to popular belief , SQL is n't portable .
Adapting the backend for any other database would take months , and the maintenance costs of two back ends would be quite high .
· Risk :
The primary risk lies in any code changes made to the server to enable it to speak to different backend implementations of the underlying SQL store .
Obviously , this is more of a feature request than a bug .
Example : Item 10016 .
Linux and MacOS users have problems over how end - of - line terminators show up .
Last October , we tried to fix this and accidentally introduced a nastier bug that prevented users creating new versions of a project .
So the four questions for 10016 would look like this :
· Severity : For a certain class of users , this bug is a showstopper .
It does not threaten data integrity , but makes Vault unusable .
· Frequency :
This bug only affects users on non-Windows platforms , a rather small percentage of our user base .
· Cost :
The code change is small and appears simple .
· Risk :
We thought - wrongly - that the risk was low .
If testing had told us that the risk was higher than we thought , we would have revisited the four questions .
Because the frequency is relatively low , we might have decided to defer this fix until we figured out how to do it without breaking things .
In fact , that 's what we ended up doing : we " undid " the fix for Bug 10016 in a minor update to Vault , so it 's now open again .
Contextual understanding
Not only do you have to answer the four questions , you have to answer them with a good understanding of the context in which you are doing business .
You need to understand the quality expectations of your market segment and what the market window is for your product .
We can ship products with " bugs " because there are some that customers will accept .
I know what you want , and I want it too : a way to make these decisions easy .
I want an algorithm with simple inputs to tell me which bugs I should fix and in what order .
I want to implement this algorithm as a feature in our bug - tracking product .
Would n't it be a killer feature ?
In the Project Settings dialog , the user would enter a numeric value for " Market Quality Expectations " and a schedule for the closing of the " Market Window " .
For every bug , the user would enter numeric values for severity , frequency , cost and risk .
The Priority field for each bug would be automatically calculated .
Sort the list on Priority descending and you see the order in which bugs should be fixed .
The ones near the bottom should not be fixed at all .
I 'd probably even patent this algorithm even though , in principle , I believe software patents are fundamentally evil .
Alas , this ethical quandary is not going to happen , as " Eric 's Magic Bug Priority Algorithm " will never exist .
There is no shortcut .
Understand your context , ask all four questions and use your judgment .
Experienced developers can usually make these decisions quickly .
It only takes a few seconds mentally to process the four questions .
In tougher cases , gather two co-workers near a whiteboard and the right answer will probably show up soon .
· Eric Sink is a software developer at SourceGear .
A longer version of this article appeared on his website : see http://software.ericsink.com/
· If you 'd like to comment on any aspect of Technology Guardian , send your emails to tech@theguardian.com
In 2006 , a group of friends decided to make a film about filesharing that we would recognise .
There have been a few documentaries by ' old media ' crews who do n't understand the net and see peer - to - peer organisation as a threat to their livelihoods .
They have no reason to represent the filesharing movement positively , and no capacity to represent it lucidly .
We wanted to make a film that would explore this huge popular movement in a way that excited us , engaged us , and most importantly , focussed on what we know to be the positive and optimistic vision many filesharers and artists ( they are often one ) have for the future of creativity .
Hopefully you 'll enjoy the first part of STEAL THIS FILM ( ' Stockholm , Summer 2006 ' ) .
It achieves some , but by no means all , of our goals .
To continue we need your help .
This film is free for you to share , watch on your DVD player or on your iPod , or show in cinemas .
But if you like the work we 've done and want us to carry on , use our donate link to send us a couple of dollars or euros .
We will start making the second part straight away , and release it on www.stealthisfilm.com and on major BitTorrent trackers , when it 's done .
Each part , we estimate , will take about 2 months to complete .
The plan for the second part is on this wiki .
Feel free to add suggestions .
The League Of Noble Peers
August 2006
À nous la liberté !
Addeddate 2006-08-23 15:38:14 Color color Identifier STEAL_THIS_FILM
Sound sound Year 2006
MobWrite
This project is now located on Google Code .
Developer only :
Last modified : 3 March 2009
Massacre of the Buffalo Soldiers
The Republican National Committee has a special offer for African - American soldiers : Go to Baghdad , lose your vote .
A confidential campaign directed by GOP party chiefs in October 2004 sought to challenge the ballots of tens of thousands of voters in the last presidential election , virtually all of them cast by residents of Black - majority precincts .
Files from the secret vote - blocking campaign were obtained by BBC Television Newsnight , London .
They were attached to emails accidentally sent by Republican operatives to a non-party website .
One group of voters wrongly identified by the Republicans as registering to vote from false addresses : servicemen and women sent overseas .
Here 's how the scheme worked :
The RNC mailed these voters letters in envelopes marked , “ Do not forward ” , to be returned to the sender .
These letters were mailed to servicemen and women , some stationed overseas , to their US home addresses .
The letters then returned to the Bush - Cheney campaign as “ undeliverable . ”
The lists of soldiers of “ undeliverable ” letters were transmitted from state headquarters , in this case Florida , to the RNC in Washington .
The party could then challenge the voters registration and thereby prevent their absentee ballots being counted .
One target list was comprised exclusively of voters registered at the Jacksonville , Florida , Naval Air Station .
Jacksonville is third largest naval installation in the US , best known as home of the Blue Angels fighting squandron .
Our team contacted the homes of several on the caging list , such as Randall Prausa , a serviceman , whose wife said he had been ordered overseas .
A soldier returning home in time to vote in November 2004 could also be challenged on the basis of the returned envelope .
Soldiers challenged would be required to vote by “ provisional ” ballot .
Over one million provisional ballots cast in the 2004 race were never counted ; over half a million absentee ballots were also rejected .
The extraordinary rise in the number of rejected ballots was the result of the widespread multi-state voter challenge campaign by the Republican Party .
The operation , of which the purge of Black soldiers was a small part , was the first mass challenge to voting America had seen in two decades .
The BBC obtained several dozen confidential emails sent by the Republican 's national Research Director and Deputy Communications chief , Tim Griffin to GOP Florida campaign chairman Brett Doster and other party leaders .
Attached were spreadsheets marked , “ Caging.xls . ”
Each of these contained several hundred to a few thousand voters and their addresses .
A check of the demographics of the addresses on the “ caging lists , ” as the GOP leaders called them indicated that most were in African - American majority zip codes .
Ion Sanco , the non-partisan elections supervisor of Leon County ( Tallahassee ) when shown the lists by this reporter said : “ The only thing I can think of – African American voters listed like this – these might be individuals that will be challenged if they attempted to vote on Election Day . ”
These GOP caging lists were obtained by the same BBC team that first exposed the wrongful purge of African - American “ felon ” voters in 2000 by then - Secretary of State Katherine Harris .
Eliminating the voting rights of those voters — 94,000 were targeted — likely caused Al Gore 's defeat in that race .
The Republican National Committee in Washington refused our several requests to respond to the BBC discovery .
However , in Tallahassee , the Florida Bush campaign 's spokespeople offered several explanations for the list .
Joseph Agostini , speaking for the GOP , suggested the lists were of potential donors to the Bush campaign .
Oddly , the supposed donor list included residents of the Sulzbacher Center a shelter for homeless families .
Another spokesperson for the Bush campaign , Mindy Tucker Fletcher , ultimately changed the official response , acknowledging that these were voters , “ we mailed to , where the letter came back – bad addresses . ”
The party has refused to say why it would mark soldiers as having “ bad addresses ” subject to challenge when they had been assigned abroad .
The apparent challenge campaign was not inexpensive .
The GOP mailed the letters first class , at a total cost likely exceeding millions of dollars , so that the addresses would be returned to “ cage ” workers .
“ This is not a challenge list , ” insisted the Republican spokesmistress .
However , she modified that assertion by adding , “ That 's not what it 's set up to be . ”
Setting up such a challenge list would be a crime under federal law .
The Voting Rights
Act of 1965 outlaws mass challenges of voters where race is a factor in choosing the targeted group .
While the party insisted the lists were not created for the purpose to challenge Black voters , the GOP ultimately offered no other explanation for the mailings .
However , Tucker Fletcher asserted Republicans could still employ the list to deny ballots to those they considered suspect voters .
When asked if Republicans would use the list to block voters , Tucker Fletcher replied , “ Where it 's stated in the law , yeah . ”
It is not possible at this time to determine how many on the potential blacklist were ultimately challenged and lost their vote .
Soldiers sending in their ballot from abroad would not know their vote was lost because of a challenge .
__________________________________
For the full story of caging lists and voter purges of 2004 , plus the documents , read Greg Palast 's New York Times bestseller , ARMED MADHOUSE
A European acquaintance once remarked that when they go to an American restaurant , they feel like they 're " under assault " by the waitstaff : placing an order requires answering a long series of questions —
" Soup or salad ?
Italian dressing or Ranch ?
Lite Italian or Regular Italian ? " — and the waitstaff continues to interrupt them every ten minutes to ask yet more questions .
Some user interfaces can feel like this .
In particular , some applications have commands with UIs that ask too many questions before the application will actually carry out the command .
If you try to insert a new page into a Microsoft Visio document , you get a form to fill out :
What you really wanted was a new page , not a form to fill out .
The difference between ordering a salad and inserting a new page is that the restaurant has to get things right the first time .
Once you get the salad , you can't change your mind and have them turn the salad into a soup ( or , at least , not a very good soup ) .
An application , in contrast , can adjust its output after the fact .
Good UIs often eliminate unnecessary up - front questions by doing something in response to a command and letting you tweak the results if they 're not what you wanted .
A common example : when you create a new folder in virtually all modern operating systems , you get a new folder right away .
The new folder is called something like " New Folder " .
You do n't get a question asking you what kind of folder you want , what sort of name you 'd like to give it , etc .
For this UI to be effective , the OS simply needs to make it easy for you to rename the new folder once it 's been created .
Another example comes from Microsoft Office .
In old versions of Office , if you wanted to paste something from the clipboard that could be pasted in multiple ways , you had to use an ugly and confusing Paste Special dialog :
Recent releases of Microsoft Office have deprecated this dialog in favor of a contextual pop-up menu that appears after commands like Paste .
If you do n't like the result of the command , you simply select another result from the pop -up menu :
Advances like these obviate the need for an application to bug the user with lots of questions .
Other suggestions for streamlining command UI :
Did you ever wonder what the difference between DVD-R and DVD+R is ?
Each time I was buying blank DVDs I wondered … and then ignored it .
Both standards are equally expensive and my DVD writer can write both .
Copy protection ring
This week , I had to write a DVD for a project delivery .
I opened a fresh pack of blank DVDs and examined them a bit closer than usual .
I noticed a strange ring on the data layer .
At first I thought of a fault in the material and was quite frustrated with the thought of trashing all those DVDs .
Then I decided to ask the Internet first – and found out I was wrong .
This strange ring is a copy protection .
It is a small area where the encryption keys of video DVDs are stored .
On DVD - Rs , this area is pre-recorded , so you ca n’t copy this key .
It ’s not a bug , it ’s a feature .
Identification code and higher production costs
There is no such limitation on DVD + Rs. DVD+R writers also do not write an unique identification code on the DVDs , like DVD -R writers do .
Producing DVD - Rs is also more expensive than producing DVD + Rs .
The copy protection ring and another unique identification number have to be written on each DVD .
This takes more time and therefore results in higher costs .
Additionally , DVD- R producers have to pay more license fees to the DVD - Forum .
There are no real big disadvantages for DVD + Rs. DVD+R is not supported by the official DVD - Forum , so these DVDs are not allowed to carry the official DVD logo .
Since this great DVD - Forum is also responsible for the limitations on DVD - Rs , the infamous region codes and CSS copy protection on video DVDs , this does not appear to be much of a loss .
It ’s also not a problem for compatibility – both types are about equally compatible to standalone players .
To make it short : DVD -R is evil and has only disadvantages compared to DVD+R .
Update 26.8.2006
Commenters here and at reddit.com said that DVD+R are less compatible to standalone players .
According to the German c’t magazine , the difference is marginal :
At the last test , 93 percent of the DVD players worked with DVD+R .
That ’s 2 percent less than with DVD - R . Using a ‘ compatibility tool ’ to change the bit for media identification to DVD - ROM , both formats were equally recognized by 95 percent of the players .
( translation by me )
Update 26.8.2006 , II
Sorry for posting yet another update , but I feel I need to clarify something :
Many postings that refer to me indicate that I propose DVD+R because you can copy original video DVDs with it .
That is not the case .
In fact , most DVDs are simply too big to copy on a single layer DVD anyway .
It is also very likely that there are additional copy protection mechanisms in the firmware of your DVD writer , so that it ’ll refuse to copy DVDs on DVD+R even though it would be physically possible .
( Have n’t tried , yet .
If anyone did , please leave a comment )
My point is more an idealistic one :
The DVD-R has intentionally been limited in its capabilities just to make the movie industry happy .
Not only was this little successful – we all know how easy it is to completely strip the copy protection off a DVD – it also made the process of producing them more complicated .
Additionally , those identification codes are yet another unnecessary privacy invasion .
That is why I think that DVD - Rs are morally inferior to DVD+R .
In practice , the difference is n’t that big .
Microsoft has lost another round ( PDF ) at the EU — though this time it has nothing to do with the antitrust case .
No , this time the dispute is over fonts ; specifically Segoe , one of the typefaces Microsoft wants to use in Vista .
Microsoft filed its " registered community design " for the font back in January of 2004 , paid the required fee , and everything was great — until December .
Just days before the end of 2004 , Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG sought a " declaration of invalidity " from the Invalidity Division ( yes , that is it 's real name ) of the Office for Harmonization in the Internal Market .
As the owner of the Linotype brand , Heidelberger Druckmaschinen claimed that Microsoft's " new " font was a blatant ripoff of Linotype 's own Frutiger LT 45 Light , which has been sold by the company for years .
Heidelbeger Druckmaschinen provided Lieferschein and Rechnung ( delivery certificates and invoices ) to the Invalidity Division showing that they had sold this font since at least 2000 .
They also included a CD containing a copy of the font in question .
In response , Microsoft 's German lawyers tried to argue that the CD in question did not constitute prior art because that particular CD was produced in 2005 .
They also argued that the invoices alone proved only that something was sold , but did not establish a definite link to the font in question .
This is obviously not much of a defense , and the company did not help its case by conceding that Frutiger and Segoe " should be considered identical . "
The three officers of the Invalidity Division reasoned that because the invoice contained the same identification number as the font on the CD , it could reasonably be assumed that the font in question had in fact been sold years before Microsoft filed for its " registered community design . "
The officers furthermore agreed that the fonts in question were identical .
" The typefaces of both designs have the same stroke thickness .
The ratio from cap - height to descender height is equal .
The proportion of character height to character pitch is identical .
The type face in the specimen text does not show any differences . "
So they threw Microsoft 's application out and ordered the company to pay all the fees incurred by Heidelberger Druckmaschinen .
The finding raises the larger question of whether Microsoft ever licensed the font at all ; and if they did not ( and it appears that they did not ) , will they be on the hook for significant damages if Segoe does indeed show up in the final version of Vista ?
Shai Agassi outlined SAP ’s vision this morning , for what he called as solutions for Enterprise 3.0 , aimed at fulfilling organizations desire to accommodate immediate changes on the business processes , enable environment to use apps as service and to eventually support industry specific applications and platforms .
As he sees SAP today supports 400 micro vertical solutions and this number may grow to somewhere near4000 in future .
His contention is SAP & Its ISV ecosystem alone can not manage this demand and therefore there is a need to look at a different approach towards meeting customer expectations .
The resultant rehaul helped shape a few strategic assumptions for the company .
1. SAP would like to keep a single unified platform and today it has grown to accommodate 300 enterprise services stored in a single repository .
2 . Help move customers to move away from point solution to suites -
This movement would keep in focus the six enterprise jobs Viz , compliance , consolidating the core , optimizing operational networks , manage relationships , enable net growth & manage performance .
The focus shifts towards increasing the differentiation edge and less on productivity , as it is taken as given .
3 . User experience should be felt in managing business processes ( essentially as Shai explained , it is business process context in one own choice of UI )
4. Ecosystem shall reuse common services .
Towards this end , Shai explained , that SAP had to make tough choices – like making its appserver exposable to other / external services / applications .
Shai made some impressive revelations on the usage of SDN network .
The monthly traffic to SDN network is seen to be 500,000 unique visitors / month , on an average questions get answered in 29 minutes and more interestingly he said that 80 % of the questions are answered by ISV ’s themselves and not by SAP .
Truly impressive a network that SAP has managed to build and grow .
With the realigned architecture of SAP , the expectation is the IT functions of an enterprise can be managed by tow different roles under the CIO viz CPSO ( Chief process innovation officer ) and CITO ( Chied information technology officer ) – facilitating each one of them to focus on best practices , innovation and routine maintenance and cost reduction respectively .
SAP is trying to work on reducing the setup time , reducing the operational cost levels and making it more friendly to use
The Q&A session was interesting as well .
Versa ’a acquisition was special as it offers a great degree of assurance to enterprises that their operations are SOX compliant and Shai says several SAP customer s wanted that to be part of the core service of SAP and hence the acquisition .
Con Godeman from Shell asked Shai to explain how much more time and money does his company need to spend and wait after spending 400 million USD on its SAP rollout – after repeated prodding , Shai answered that similar engagements planned elsewhere are expected to take around four years to migrate , dollar value not mentioned .
SAP will have to work very hard in terms of reducing this migration effort and time – after all like changing business needs immediate responses , these infrastructures meant for running business also needs to change faster .
Overall am impressive presentation – if you cut the snide remarks made against Oracle .
SAP is certainly embarking on a massive change , but customers would like to see it move fast and help them in reducing their TCO
Category : SAP
The ever ingenious inventor and old master Leonardo Da Vinci has yet again proven himself wise beyond all measure .
This newly unearthed mechanical sketch , completed it is thought only hours before his death , is a truly prescient wonder .
The text which accompanied it , “ coded ” in Leonardo ’s own backward written script , described the invention as follows :
“ In the event my good name becomes somehow inextricably entangled with all manner of buffoon , including but not limited to , doltish actors , thieving hack writers , slavering media dimwits , confused religious fanatics , and idiotic pea - brained people who simply can not make a mental distinction between fiction and non-fiction , this device will sense the besmirchment of my name and begin , through the complex interaction of gears and pulley systems , to rotate my coffin within my final resting place , allowing me to literally “ turn over in my grave ” for the rest of eternity , or until such time as I am searched on google for my actual accomplishments . ”
A fucking genius that guy !
Wow .
This post contains secret IT workers ’ business .
This could be dangerous to me for two reasons .
First , it contains honesty which could be abused by dishonest and unscrupulous managers .
Second , it is secret knowledge which the Cabal Of Disaffected and Exploited Information Technology workers ( CODE - IT workers ) do n’t like outsiders to know .
Even now , the CODE - IT equivalent of Opus Dei assassin - monks may be on their way to silence me .
The reason I want to share the following information is it disturbs me greatly that things taken as common sense in so many circles seem to be so far out of the understanding of so many managers .
It sometimes seems wise to keep this knowledge from managers because if they truly understood what motivates their IT workers they would exploit them even more .
But that ’s too negative an outlook , even for me .
Evil is evil and there ’s not much that can be done about truly evil managers .
Dumb , on the other hand , can more often be remedied with appropriate education .
Here ’s hoping .
The short version is you make IT workers less angry by making their lives better .
Many people do n’t need more information than that .
But IT workers can be a quirky bunch and many employers truly do not understand IT well enough to work out what will improve the lot of the CODE - IT brigade .
Here ’s the first bit of brutal honesty : in my experience , on average , IT workers complain more than other workers .
The best possible spin I can put on this trend to whininess is that , at its best , IT is a dynamic environment that presents many challenges and the only constant is change .
In a good way .
When the folks in the CODE - IT trenches feel like they ’re being held back , when the corporate environment is resistant to change or flat out unable to change , that ’s when the surliness starts .
Most IT workers will work extremely hard ( even excessively hard ) in the right environment but wo n’t do well in a repressive environment .
Other times , IT people are just whiners .
When I ’ve worked in organisations that conduct staff satisfaction surveys , IT workers are invariably the least satisfied as a group .
In many cases this has been well justified but the pattern is hard to miss : the CODE - IT legions are more likely to complain than anyone else .
They are ( generally ) highly trained and a lot is expected of them so they in turn have high expectations of their employers .
All the clever people who study such things tend to tell you there are three aspects to job satisfaction .
These can be sliced and diced in various ways and given different titles and descriptions but broadly , the three things people look for in a job are a good environment , interesting and / or fulfilling work , and good compensation .
The purists / optimists will tell you each is equally important and you ca n’t compensate for shortcomings in one area by boosting another .
Here ’s the second bit of brutal honesty : this is n’t true .
The best jobs will rank highly in all three areas but it is quite easy to compensate for a shortfall in one area by boosting another .
Here ’s the thing to bear in mind : it ’s pretty much impossible to provide a job with good pay , good environment and interesting / rewarding work without sincerely wanting people to feel good about working for you .
If there is some reason you ca n’t or do n’t want to provide all three you need to be sincere about why boosting the other two makes it worthwhile .
People will smell bullshit in this area a mile off – do n’t fool yourself into thinking you can fool all of the people all of the time .
If you ’re telling staff it ’s worth working for less than average because you throw a really good Christmas party when that clearly is n’t enough compensation , well , you ’re screwed .
Saying it over and over wo n’t make it true .
It simply makes it more obviously what a lying , manipulative , scheming , exploitative bastard you are .
Another thing is that if you decide to ( or are forced to ) boost one or two aspects because of a lack in another area , you need to consider the sort of behaviour you are rewarding when you make this choice .
The perception of what behaviour is apparently valued by a company may not always be overt but eventually your CODE - IT warriors are going to look up from their screens and evaluate what is happening around them .
And I ’d hate to break it to you , but the manager who is convinced their foolish underlings are completely unaware of their machinations is not only a prick , they ’re also delusional .
Trust me , if you ’re a manipulative sociopath , your staff are probably more aware of it than you are .
The easiest aspect to boost ( unless you are under significant budget or corporate restraints ) is pay .
Everyone likes more money .
That ’s the good news .
Here ’s the bad news : if money is the only thing keeping people working for you it also becomes the easiest way for other companies to steal your most valuable workers .
It take a 5 second internet search to work out what other people are being paid ; you ca n’t rely ignorance of better opportunities keeping staff where you want them .
Especially not CODE - IT staff .
But if money ’s out of the question , you could always consider improving the work environment .
Improving the working environment can seem harder because it ’s a bit more ephemeral but even small changes can have a marked effect .
Give your CODE - IT workers enough room to work .
Most will need a significant amount of desk space to spread out their crap – it seems like crap to you but it ’s usually important to them .
Cubicle farms are poison .
And give your CODE - IT crew as much control as possible over their environment .
Not letting them put up personal photos and fill their workspace with Star Wars memorabilia will offend them deeply .
Enforced conformity is the close cousin of a disaffected workforce .
If you make improvements in the work environment you are sending an important message : we want you to be happy here .
It ’s a mistake to think you can artificially make co-workers get on with each other but if the general atmosphere is positive , this has a tendency to rub off and make even surly CODE - IT workers less resentful of those around them .
And leaving a positive environment is a big risk for most people .
It ’s usually impossible to tell from a job interview if you ’ll like the new environment so improving your workers ’ existing environment is a valuable investment .
Then there is how much people actually like their work .
Providing interesting / challenging / rewarding work is frequently undervalued by managers .
Sure , there are bumps on logs whose aspirations reach as far as knowing they have a desk to come back to tomorrow and regular paychecks coming down the line but they are a much smaller minority than average in IT .
“ Knowledge worker ” is n’t simply a buzzword – these people use their brains as a matter of course and they want more challenges , not less .
Unless you have complete losers working for you .
If that ’s what you have and / or that ’s what you want stop reading .
Employ the lowest common denominator and they ’ll never leave .
And your workplace will never be better than a crap - hole .
A third bit of brutal honesty ( and I think I can see an albino face staring menacingly at me from the server rack as I type this ) is that it ’s amazing how much less money a CODE - IT worker will accept if they really love their work .
Each of these three elements deserves much more detailed analysis and I will be doing just that over the coming days .
But seriously , if you do n’t want your IT workers to be as angry as me , put some thought into how to improve all three of these elements from a CODE - IT perspective .
It does n’t matter if management think they make the rules and everyone else should simply go along with it .
If maintaining productive , high - quality CODE - IT workers is important to you , management has to deliver what workers want , not what management think workers deserve .
And if this does n’t matter to you , you ’re going to get exactly what you deserve .
READ PART TWO
READ PART THREE
READ PART FOUR
READ PART FIVE
私自身 、Windows 3.0の時代から何とはなしにMicrosoft製品を使い続けてきた人間の1人であり、近年増えつつあるオープンソース系ソフトウェアへの乗り換えにメリットを見いだす一団の仲間入りを果たしたのは、つい最近の話である。そしてオペレーティングシステムの乗り換え時に一番驚かされたのは、Linuxディストリビューションの数の多さでもなければ（それはそれで新鮮さを感じさせられたが）、これらのシステムでユーザが行える設定の細やかさでもなかった（こちらは自由の素晴らしさを再確認させられた）。一番驚かされたのは、オープンソースのコミュニティはいかに温かく、新味になって新参者を歓迎してくれるのかという事実であった。
ここ最近における私の余暇は、500種類はありそうなLinuxファミリの中で適当なものを見繕い、手元のPCデスクトップで試用してみるという作業に費やされている。とあるIRCチャットルームについては既に常連になってしまっているが、その他にも自分に役立ちそうな情報のヒントがないかと、いくつかのチャンネルをザッピングしつつ、画面上を流れ去ってゆく発言を拾い読みすることもある。現状では、プリンタ関係のトラブルについての話題から、インスタントメッセンジャ用のオープンソース系プログラムで何が一番かといった話題まで、あらゆるトピックを雑読しているが、FOSSの最新ニュースをフォローする目的で、多数のメーリングリストにも登録している。
これまでに様々なチャットルーム、メーリングリスト、フォーラムに質問やコメントを送信したが、そのほとんどすべては、私のような初心者の発言に対しても、ユーモアを交えながら辛抱強く懇切丁寧に答えてくれた。実際、悪戦苦闘の連続だった数週間がかりのインストレーション作業にくじけなかった理由は、このような温かい支援が得られたからなのだが、こうした経験をしたのはおそらく私1人だけではないだろう。
確かに、何か話題となりそうなオープンソース関連の論争や意見の対立がニュースとして流されると、このコミュニティはエゴに支配されており、問題の解決よりも他人を糾弾することを優先させる連中の集団に過ぎない、と短絡的に決めつけてしまいがちである。ただし私の体験した限りで言うならば、そうした状況はむしろ例外的なケースに属するはずだ。
フリー/オープンソースソフトウェアとは、ビジネスモデルにおける単なる1形態だけではない。それは1つの理念であり、ある意味必然的に、その世界に参加する者の意欲をかき立てるという性質を備えているのだ。実際これらソフトウェアの開発、メンテナンス、バグフィックスに関わる人々の大多数は、コミュニティに貢献しようと、自らの余暇を割く形で自主的に活動をしている。もっとも、そうした努力は往々にして仲間内での称賛という形で報われるだけなので、中には些細なことに腹を立てたり、重箱の隅をつつくような真似をする人が出てくるのも、ある程度は致し方ない事だろう。とは言うものの、コミュニティ全体はおしなべて親切で礼儀正しい人々で占められている、というのが私の経験だ。
組織というものは、それがリトルリーグの野球チームであろうが地元の宗教組織であろうが、パーティションで区分けされた小規模オフィスであろうが大企業の広々としたオフィスであろうが、それぞれに固有の内部事情を引きずっているものであり、無礼に振る舞う人間が皆無とは行かないはずだ。人間同士の集団とはそうしたものなのであり、自分の意見をごり押ししなければ気の済まない人間もいれば、新参者はレベルの低い質問をして話の進行を妨げるだけだとして邪魔者扱いする人間もいる。
そしてこうしたタイプの人々がオープンソースコミュニティに存在するのも確かな事実だが、メーリングリストやIRCチャットルームに参加している大多数はそれとは逆の態度を取っているため、多数派の後者に圧倒される形で少数派の前者はたいてい大人しくしているものである。実際問題として、固定化されたメンバにとって時たま“新顔”に遭遇するのは新鮮な刺激を与えてくれる出来事のようであり、新参者の参加を歓迎してくれるのはそうした人々だと見ていいだろう。
ここで少し厳しい現実についても触れておこう。オープンソース系ソフトウェアは徐々に市民権を得つつあるものの、未だに多くの人間からは物好きが手を出す“ハッカーズ・チョイス”として見なされており、実際にこの分野に手を出すにあたっては、プロプライエタリ系には無い様々なハードルに遭遇することを覚悟しておかなければならない。最初に遭遇するハードルは、それぞれ自分が一番だと謳っている何十種類ものディストリビューションのどれを使うかという選択だ。次に遭遇するであろうハードルはインストレーションの完了後に関するもので、必要なドライバやハードウェアが正常に機能するための設定を、個々のユーザが自力で施す必要がある（ラップトップをワイヤレス接続させたい場合は、より一段高いハードルと化す）。更に、とりあえず稼働しはじめたシステムを自分好みにカスタマイズしたければ、より雑多な知識を収集しなければならない。
プロプライエタリ系ソフトウェアへの未練を断ち切り、オープンソースの世界へ参入しようともがき続ける人間であれば、誰でも何らかの形でオープンソース系コミュニティの人間に助け船を求める時が来るはずだ。長い目で見ると、こうした新米ユーザを歓迎する雰囲気を今後も維持し続けることは、オープンソース世界の将来を盤石たるものにすることに通じているはずである。
オープンソースに手を出す人間の数を増やすだけでは、あまり意味がない。一番大切なのは、そうした人々をオープンソースの世界に止めておくことなのである。
新米ユーザへのアドバイス 新米ユーザがコミュニティに歓迎してもらうには、いくつかの注意事項がある。既に言い尽くされた感はあるが、もう一度ここで繰り返しておいても損はないだろう。
手持ちの知識だけで解決できない問題に遭遇した場合、まず最初に行うべきは、自分で検索エンジンに当たってみることだ。特定のプログラムコードを見つけたければ、Koders、Krugle、Google
Code Searchで検索できる。アプリケーションを見つけたければ、freshmeatやSourceForge.netあたりがお勧めだ。
インストールしたパッケージに関する問題、あるいは新規のインストール手順について不明な点があれば、サポート用のWebサイトにアクセスするのが常套手段だが、そうしたアプリケーションやディストリビューションに関連したIRCチャットルームも参考になるだろう。後者のケースではたいていの場合、新規に参加した段階で何らかの話題についての意見交換が続いているはずなので、その点を留意した上で丁寧に自己紹介しよう。自分の抱えている問題についての質問をする際は、要点を簡潔にまとめ、自力で解決すべく情報を検索する努力はしたが徒労に終わった旨も伝えるべきだ。
もちろん他のメンバも暇人ばかりではないので、質問をしても直ぐには返答をもらえないこともあるが、その場合は気長に待つ必要がある。他人に敬意を払い礼儀正しく行動していれば、他のメンバも気持ちよく応えてくれるはずであり、迅速かつ有益な情報の提供を多く期待することができるだろう。
NewsForge.com 原文
Hacking A More Tasteful MySpace
A guide to creating a more tasteful MySpace layout .
Sample images and CSS are included at the bottom .
End product : myspace.com/mikeindustriesThe social phenomenon that is MySpace is one I do n’t fully understand , and yet , one I must fully respect .
In fact , with over 50 million unique users , it is something everybody must respect .
Any website which rolls up that amount of usership is doing something very , very right , and no matter what your thoughts on it as a vehicle for your own expression are , you must give it its full due for what it is to seemingly everyone else .
Several weeks ago , I finally signed up for an account , and within seconds I was instantly put - off by what had been created for me : a hastily - designed “ profile page ” with uninspired colors , misaligned tables , and a mish - mash of extraneous cruft and design elements which made this feel more like a halfway house than a “ home ” .
Now , granted , I am a designer by trade so my tolerance for this stuff is orders of magnitude lower than most of the population , but clearly , this was not a place I even felt comfortable having my name on .
So with the default home page this underwhelming , what is a MySpacer to do ?
Customize , of course .
One of MySpace ’s greatest features is its ability to let you skin your own home page .
Unfortunately , 99 % of the customizations I ’ve seen are chalkboard - screechingly awful , but what could a MySpace home page look like if some actual design thought went into it ?
That is the question I sought to answer .
But first — as Keith Robinson asked me when I first showed him what I was doing — “ Ummm , why ? ”
The answer is twofold .
First , I love a design challenge .
Second , we ’ve been building a lot of new social components into Newsvine over the past several weeks and I wanted a good reference point for what is already done well online and what could be improved .
So without further ado , on with the surgery …
Sizing up the beast
The first thing I did was search Google for sites which specialized in MySpace customizations .
Turns out MySpace customization is a cottage industry unto itself .
Unfortunately , the first twenty sites I found produced nothing but crap .
Granted , perhaps it is crap that people want , but I wanted to do better .
There were mostly instructions on how to tile Ricky Martin backgrounds behind your Christina Aguilera autoplay music player , but nothing close to the brilliant piece of work Keegan Jones threw together a few months ago .
The problem with Keegan ’s hack , however , is twofold : a ) it violates MySpace ’s Terms of Use by blocking advertisements , and b ) it produces essentially a static , non-functional page by replacing all of MySpace ’s code with your own .
What we really want to do here is simply decrappify our home page as much as we can without violating the Terms of Use and replace all evil design elements with a cleaner , more professional look .
We also want to maintain MySpace ’s actual HTML so our page is functional and not just a facade hiding our grotesque underbelly .
Enter the dragon
Like a biologist over a petri dish , I pulled out my copy of XyleScope and began observing the organisms at play within the MySpace profile page .
How difficult was this going to be ?
Was everything coded semantically ?
Did the company provide enough hooks in the form of CSS classes and IDs for users to easily style most elements on the page ?
Was anything “ off - limits ” ?
Over the next several hours , I slowly identified every element on the page by its programmatic hook .
The good news was that a lot could be done here .
The bad news was that the CSS was going to be ugly , ugly , ugly .
If Dave Shea built the CSS Zen Garden , this was going to be the CSS Weed Patch ; a block of code so semantically twisted that it would turn Joe Clark straight .
It was upon thinking of this analogy , however , that I really started to get psyched about this project .
After all , it does n’t take a genius to make perfect code dance .
But it would be a real accomplishment to make a pig do the pachanga .
Step One – Learning the r001z
There are certain things you ca n’t do on MySpace .
Autoplaying “ Maneater ” is perfectly ok apparently , but these things are not :
Using the # sign anywhere in your CSS .
This is to avoid you messing with ID ’ed elements , but its brute force removal also precludes you from properly specifying hex values .
Instead , you must do things like color : FFFFFF or color : white .
Note also that because the pound sign is missing , you cannot use shorthand like color : FFF .
or .
Note also that because the pound sign is missing , you cannot use shorthand like .
Specifying style rules for iframes .
Apparently , this is to keep you from hiding MySpace ’s banner ad , although it ’s easy to do this anyway without touching the iframe .
Do n’t do it though unless you want your profile deleted .
Placing comments in your CSS file .
If you mark up your CSS file with standard ( /* whatever */ ) CSS comments , they will get stripped .
Other styles of commenting “ kind of ” work , like double brackets ( [ [ whatever ] ] ) but they end up messing up the CSS code in some browsers .
Interestingly though , downlevel - revealed ( but not downlevel - hidden ) IE conditional comments work just fine .
We ’ll use these in our hack in fact .
) CSS comments , they will get stripped .
Other styles of commenting “ kind of ” work , like double brackets ( ) but they end up messing up the CSS code in some browsers .
Interestingly though , downlevel - revealed ( but not downlevel - hidden ) IE conditional comments work just fine .
We ’ll use these in our hack in fact .
Using shorthand for border styles .
If you try something like border : 1 px solid FF0000 , it will not work in Firefox .
Interesting , it seems to work if you use a keyword like red instead , so this probably has something to do with the hex issue mentioned above .
The unfortunate workaround is to always specify your borders in longhand .
, it will not work in Firefox .
Interesting , it seems to work if you use a keyword like instead , so this probably has something to do with the hex issue mentioned above .
The unfortunate workaround is to always specify your borders in longhand .
Putting CSS anywhere but right smack dab in the middle of the content .
You ’d think it would be easy for the MySpace crew to let you specify your style rules in the head element where they belong , but nope , you have to stuff them into the “ About Me ” module which sits in the middle of the HTML .
The result is an unavoidable FOBUC ( or “ Flash Of Butt - Ugly Content ” ) before your style rules kick in , but oh well .
Such is life in the ghetto .
Step Two – Visualizing The Finished Product
As I saw it , there were mainly four things I could do here : a ) clean up all of the margins , padding , spacing , alignment , type , and color issues , b ) create a new background image and associated design theme , c ) make a branded header , and d ) add some extras with the magic of CSS .
I felt a Wicked Worn theme a la Cameron Moll would be pretty killer , so I mocked it up in Photoshop using various weathering techniques until it looked sufficiently unlike any other page I ’d seen on MySpace .
I then planned out how each piece of the design could be shoehorned into the Weed Patch with the most convoluted of coding schemes .
Step Three – Getting the ducklings in a row
The third order of business was to create CSS entries for everything I needed to style and group them into logical categories so I did n’t have to jump all over the place during the decrappification process .
In a normal web design workflow , you have something like this :
.modules {
background - color : # fff ;
padding : 15 px ;
}
.modules p {
color : #aaa ;
line - height : 150 % ;
}
In MySpace ’s world , it ’s more like this :
table table table table td , table table table table tbody td {
background - color : transparent ! important ;
padding : 15 px ! important ;
}
table table table table td font , table table table table tbody td font {
color : aaaaaa ! important ;
line - height : 150 % ! important ;
}
That ’s right .
Almost everything you can do during the customization process relies on styling various nesting levels and hoping they do n’t affect other areas of the page which may be similarly nested .
In many cases , you have to go back and override the conflicting nests by specifying additional , more specific rules .
And to top things off , the elements on the page which are “ properly ” classed are given names like lightbluetext8 and orangetext 15 .
These are the sorts of things that give Steve Champeon heart attacks .
By the time your CSS is properly grouped though , you ’re all ready to start customizing .
Step Four – Cleaning Up The Mess
Explaining all of the style rules associated with the general janitorial work performed here would take weeks , so since I ’m providing my CSS file , just go ahead and examine them there if you ’re interested .
Everything is clearly commented and explained so you do n’t have to go through the same long process I did .
Step Five – Injecting The Design
There are only four images used in the Mike Industries MySpace design layout .
The first is the background image : an aged piece of parchment , centered horizontally and tiled vertically in a seamless manner .
The second is the branded header .
This header unfortunately only works in non-IE browsers for the stupidest of all possible reasons : there is no doctype provided on any MySpace pages .
This doctype problem was probably the single biggest stumbling point in the entire project .
There were certain really weird things happening in IE at every turn and I had no idea what was going on .
The branded header is positioned absolutely with a width of 100 % and for some reason in IE , it was inheriting the width of the table it was in , despite the fact that the table was not even positioned relatively at all .
Such weirdness !
I was beside myself for hours , until I finally noticed the lack of a doctype .
These are things you just do n’t think about when you write good code .
By the way , if anyone can figure out a way around the IE doctype problem , let me know and I ’ll post it .
Specifically a way to get the branded header to show in IE .
Until then , we have a graceful workaround below .
Thanks to a negative margin solution by Daniel Stout , the branded header now works in PC IE !
The third image is the “ Contacting Mike D. ” table .
We ’ve gone ahead and replaced MySpace ’s default ugly GIF buttons with a background image that sits behind the now transparent button set .
I first saw this on Ryan Sims ’ MySpace page but have since seen it elsewhere as well .
The final image is my name : “ Mike D. ” .
This was accomplished using a brand new image replacement technique I ’m unveiling today : MIMSIR or “ Mike Industries My Space Image Replacement ” .
The technique essentially takes a block level element ( a span , in this case , with a display : block property ) , sets a static height , applies a background image with custom rendered text , turns the browser text the same color as the background , and shrinks it down to 1 pixel ( effectively hiding it ) .
The technique is intentionally gritty because this is a gritty place .
Step Six – Coddling IE
Since Internet Explorer ( even version 7 ) is such a pile , we make a few quick hacks in our css to basically chew its food for it and rub its tummy to keep it from puking all over the place .
There are two things IE ca n’t handle about our hacks : a ) our newly aligned and nicely padded tables , and b ) our branded header .
Both are likely due to IE ’s rendering behavior in the absence of a doctype and both will be handled by a downlevel IE conditional comment at the end of our CSS code .
To hide the fact that the table spacing is n’t quite right , we apply a new background image that is the same color as the tables and turn off the borders .
This effectively hides the boundaries of the tables altogether and looks just fine .
To get around the branded header issue , we simply do n’t show the header and slide the rest of the content up to eliminate the void .
Thanks to Daniel ’s header solution above , and my own ridiculously hacky solution for getting the tables to align perfectly , we ’re now 100 % IE compliant !
Not sure I ’m proud of that , but ok .
If you ’ve ever set a “ strong ” tag to display : block and given it a width , you ’ll know the extent of this ridiculousness .
Step Seven ( The Final Step ! ) – Add CSS Extras
When I first created my MySpace profile page , I was given one “ friend ” .
Some guy named “ Tom ” who apparently started MySpace and can now buy and sell my entire family with what he makes in one day .
Well done Tom , and I ’m happy you ’re my friend , but having one friend who is n’t even really my friend is kind of lame , no ?
Especially when there ’s a big headline on my page that says “ Mike D. has 1 friends . ”
How am I going to be one of the l33t d00dz on teh intarweb with only one friend ?
Most people would take the obvious step and send e-mails to all of their friends asking them to join their buddy list , but why do that when you have the power of CSS generated content !
Using this simple CSS rule , I was able to increase my friend count from “ 1 ” to “ 1 billion ” in about ten seconds :
.redbtext : after {
content : " billion " ;
}
This is really great when you ’re just getting off the ground , but it also scales very well .
Now that I have 29 meatspace “ friends ” , my MySpace count shows “ 29 billion ” … a number surely no CSS - ignorant friend - whore can top .
As one last cherry on this project , I thought I ’d throw in another bit of CSS generated content .
There ’s a line at the top of everyone ’s profile that says “ _____ is in your extended network ” .
I could never really figure out what that means since everyone in the entire MySpace population appears to be in my “ extended network ” so I thought I ’d at least make it sound a little more dramatic with the exclamation “ OMFG ! ” before it .
This can be accomplished with the following CSS rule :
.blacktext12:before {
content : " OMFG ! " ;
}
Final thoughts
So there you have it .
How to hack your way to a more tasteful MySpace profile .
Hopefully , my many hours of weeding will save you from having to fully examine the bowels of this beast .
I ’m providing my CSS file , fully commented , along with image files to use as templates for your own profiles .
I do ask that you do n’t use my exact theme but hopefully I ’m providing you enough so that a few minutes in Photoshop is all you need to produce something you ’re proud of .
Additionally , I will say this : after working this thing into a tasteful state , I find myself actually quite taken with it .
Many MySpace outsiders knock the service because its garish appearance and overall clunkiness overshadow anything good that may be underneath .
But imagine what a service like this could be with a professional makeover .
Get a company like Adaptive Path or a few Bryan Velosos in there and you could open up a whole new world of user enjoyment and customization .
I ’ve heard people say that the reason MySpace is so successful is because of its garishness , but I do n’t buy that for a second .
The freedom to be garish is certainly an advantage , but I hold that between garishness and beauty , most people will pick beauty for themselves if given the choice .
This theory will be tested as we roll more social elements and customization into Newsvine in the coming weeks .
Until then , however , you can have yourself a more tasteful looking MySpace page .
Here are the sample images and CSS file to get you started :
Just as in the 1980s , when the Betamax and VHS video formats were battling it out for supremacy , the pornography industry will likely play a big role in determining which of the two blue - laser DVD formats — Blu-ray Disc and HD - DVD — will be the winner in the battle to replace DVDs for high - definition content .
Ron Wagner , director of IT operations at E! Entertainment Television Inc. , in Los Angeles , said his company has already chosen the Blu-ray Disc format , in large part because of talk in the porn industry favoring it over rival HD - DVD .
Wagner said that while attending last year ’s National Association of Broadcasters ( NAB ) annual conference in Las Vegas , more than one panel discussed “ several major players in the porn industry going the Blu-ray route . ”
He said the Blu-ray vs. HD - DVD rivalry was also the buzz around NAB 2006 last month .
“ If you look at the VHS vs. Beta standards , you see the much higher - quality standard dying because of [ the porn industry ’s support of VHS ] , ” he said .
“ The mass volume of tapes in the porn market at the time went out on VHS . ”
E! Entertainment is using Blu - Ray discs primarily for Sony ’s XDCam applications for acquisition of television programming materials .
The television network , which has more than 85 million subscribers to its celebrity gossip and entertainment news , said it is not considering optical formats for long - term data archiving , but will stick with magnetic tape for now .
The pornography industry , which generates an estimated US $ 57 billion in annual revenue worldwide , has always been a fast leader when it comes to the use of new technology , according to analysts .
Porn studio Digital Playground , which claims to have produced the largest number of high definition movies in the industry over the past three years , said it is choosing Blu-ray Disc for all of its “ interactive ” films because of its greater capacity .
It also selected Blue - ray because Sony chose the format for its PlayStation 3 ( PS3 ) box , due out in November .
The co-founder of Los Angeles - based Digital Playground , who goes by the one - word name “ Joone , ” said the fact that Sony chose Blu-ray guarantees his studio an instant home audience .
“ PlayStation 3 is going to be the Trojan horse that will get a lot of numbers into the home theater systems — the living rooms , ” said Joone , who is also a movie director .
“ Technology - wise we ’ve chosen Blu-ray , which does n’t mean we wo n’t support both formats … but as far as having really cool technology and a lot of storage for future proof , Blu-ray is a good format . ”
Blu-ray Disc and HD - DVD are the new optical - disc formats that are positioned as replacements for DVDs with high - definition content .
Blu-ray is not only backed by entertainment giant Sony , but Panasonic , LG Electronics , Philips Electronics and movie studios Disney and Fox .
Blu-ray offers storage up to 50 GB capacity , or up to nine hours of high - definition content .
In contrast , HD - DVD has 30 GB capacity and is supported by companies like Toshiba , NEC and Warner Home Video .
Paul O’Donovan , an analyst with Gartner Inc. , said pornography ’s support of either DVD format will be a “ strong factor ” to the uptake of the technology by the general marketplace , but even more critical is Sony ’s adoption of the technology .
O’Donovan said even though initially the Blu-ray format will be more expensive and will come after that of HD - DVD , the sheer support it is receiving from the entertainment industry , including pornography studios , will catapult it to a victory within a range of 18 months to five years .
Steve Hirsch , head of the adult film studio Vivid Entertainment , said he ’s currently using the HD - DVD format because it was the first to come out , but his studio will begin burning to the Blu-ray format as soon as it ’s available .
“ The adult industry has always been ahead of the curve when it comes to technology .
We do n’t have any theatrical distribution issues nor do we have big box retailers , like Wal - Mart and Blockbuster , to cater to .
We ’re forced to find distribution wherever we can , ” Hirsch said .
Hirsch , who founded Vivid Entertainment in 1984 , said the porn industry — just as in the 1980s — will have a big influence on the outcome of the latest high - definition video format wars .
In the 1980s , Hirsch said VHS tapes started selling for $ 50 a piece and Betamax went for $ 55 .
“ Therefore we pushed VHS harder , and in that sense we did have something to do with VHS winning out , ” said Hirsch , whose studio pulls in an estimated $ 100 million in revenue a year .
“ It was the adult industry who jumped right in and were putting movies on both VHS and Beta .
We pushed the actual technology more than anyone else , ” he said .
“ The adult industry has always been ahead when comes to technology . ”
But not everyone believes the format war will be determined by the porn industry .
Steve Duplessie , founder of research firm Enterprise Strategy Group , in Milford , Mass. , and a Computerworld columnist , said the porn industry ’s influence over the fate of VHS and the upcoming high - def DVD formats is overstated .
Duplessie said VHS ultimately won over Betamax because Betamax was a proprietary format owned by Sony , while VHS was more open .
“ I love the whole pornography concept simply because porn is still the number one money - making use of the Internet .
But I do n’t believe the porn industry will drive the format .
Like any other industry , it will supply what the consumer wants , ” he said .
This story , " Porn industry may be decider in Blu-ray , HD - DVD battle " was originally published by PCWorld .
Document Actions
セッション内容 セッション内容と参戦者の一覧 Language Update 各言語の第一人者がこの一年間の振り返り、その変化をご報告いたします。今年は初参戦の言語も多数出場。単なるアップデート報告だけではないかもしれません。
も、ぜひご覧ください 。
言語
参戦予定 者
所属 備考
1 Scripting for Java Platform 櫻庭 祐一 横河電 機
初参戦 2 FORTH 別府 政通 構造計画研究所 初参戦 3 awk 斉藤 博文 日本 GNU AWK ユーザー 会
4 ActionScript
上条 晃宏 アドビシステムズ社 初参戦 5 Scheme ( Gauche ) 川合 史朗
Scheme Arts
ハワイから生中継予定 !
6 Python
柴田 淳 ウェブコア /日本 Pythonユーザ会
7 Squeak
梅澤 真史、南谷 千城 Squeak - ja
8 Haskell 酒井 政裕 慶應義塾大学大学 院
9 OCaml 松本 宗太郎 筑波大学大学院 初参 戦
10
PHP
廣川 類 日 本PHPユーザ会
11
Ruby まつもとゆきひろ ネットワーク応用通信研究 所
12
JavaScript
天野 仁史
ガイアックス/Shibuya.js
初参戦
13
Perl
竹迫 良範
サイボウズ・ラボ/Shibuya.pm
14
Lisp
中村 正三郎
アンテナハウス本社グループマネージャ
※順不同・出場順は当日発表
LLで関数プログラミング 「 関数プログラミング」というプログラミング「スタイル」あるいはプログラミング「手法」とは、どういう手法なのか？ 何がうれしいのか？ どんな印象なのか？ などをディスカッション。既存の関数型言語や関数プログラミングに関する批判も飛び出るかも。
No 参戦者 所属 備考 1 住井英二郎 東北大学 2 青木峰郎 日 本Rubyの会 3 久井亨 クロネッカーズデルタ 4 中村 正三郎 アンテナハウ ス
5 山下伸夫 タイムインターメディア 6
今泉貴史 千葉大学 司会
対戦「じゃんけ ん2.0 」 LL Saturdayで行った 「 じゃんけん 」 が「じゃんけん2.0」にバージョンアップして戻ってきました。今度は、Roshambo風になってパワーアップします。10,000回じゃんけんを行い、戦略の優劣による勝敗を競います。
No
言語 参戦予定 者
所属 備考
1 Ruby 樽家昌也 2 ActionScript 今井治行 Flash OOP Japan 3 JavaScript 小林悠
アクセラートジャパ ン
4 awk
斉藤 博文 日本 GNU AWK ユーザー 会 5 Python 西尾泰和 東京大学 6 後藤謙太郎 シングラム 司会 7 佐藤智昭 Tokyo pm 司会
キミならどう書く 今年もやりま すLL *名物「キミならどう書く」。今年はフレームワークを使ったチーム対抗戦です。どんな超絶技巧が飛び出すか？ こうご期待ください。
も、ぜひご覧ください 。
No
フレームワーク ( 言語 ) 挑戦者 所属 1 Django ( Python ) 露木 誠
徳嶋和 敬
Django と日本の仲間た ち
http://www.djangoproject.jp/ 2 Kahua( Gauche ) 伊東 勝利
備前 達矢
タイムインターメディ ア
/ Kahuaプロジェクト 3 Ethna( PHP ) 藤本 真樹
鶴岡直 也
グリー
サイボウズラ ボ
4 Ruby on Rails ( Ruby ) かずひ こ
secondlife
鈴木美 保
ネットワーク応用通信研究所
はてな
ツインスパー ク
LL Gong LLで作った作品を自慢しよう!
昨年の伝説のセッション「デモ自慢」が闘いのリングに帰って来た!
No
題名
言語
参戦者
所属
概要
1 c-wrapper
Gauche
小黒 直樹
ウルシステムズ とっても簡易 なGaucheのFFIによる外部ライブラリ呼び出しをデモ
2 制約ベースのアニメーション生成系MEPHISTO
Gauche
久井 亨
クロネッカーズデル タ Gauche - glを使った3Dアニメーションの生成システムをデモ
3 every spam is sacred ...?
Python
名取 伸
東京大学大学 院
無駄にグラフィカルなspam対策およびpythonプラグインをデモ
4
脆弱なCGIプログラミングの常識・非常識
Perl
西山和 広
日本Rubyの会
脆弱性のあるプログラムがいかに書かれやすいか、どう対処するかをデモ
5
HaskellでGUI
Haskell
shelarcy
I/O Monadに依存せず、関数型言語ならではのGUIプログラミングができることをデモ
6
真のLinuxカーネル向けシェル C ( binfmtc / realksh.c ) 上川 純一 Debian Project C言語でのカーネルプログラミングを雰囲気だけライトウェイトにしてみました
7
世界の果てから漢字変換 ! Sumibi.org Gauche 西山 清香 Sumibi Project http:/www.sumibi.org/
をデモします。たった5分なので難しいことはやりません
8
Plagger is a LL Plagger 竹迫 良範 Shibuya.pl Plaggerの豊富なプラグインと言語仕様について解説
たくさんのご応募ありがとうございました!
各言語の第一人者がこの一年間の振り返り、その変化をご報告いたします。今年は初参戦の言語も多数出場。単なるアップデート報告だけではないかもしれません。 各言語の紹介 も、ぜひご覧ください。※順不同・出場順は当日発表「関数プログラミング」というプログラミング「スタイル」あるいはプログラミング「手法」とは、どういう手法なのか？
何がうれしいのか？ どんな印象なのか？ などをディスカッション。既存の関数型言語や関数プログラミングに関する批判も飛び出るかも。LL
Saturdayで行った 「 じゃんけん 」 が「じゃんけん2.0」にバージョンアップして戻ってきました。今度は、Roshambo風になってパワーアップします。10,000回じゃんけんを行い、戦略の優劣による勝敗を競います。今年もやりますLL*名物「キミならどう書く」。今年はフレームワークを使ったチーム対抗戦です。どんな超絶技巧が飛び出すか？
こうご期待ください。 各フレームワークの紹介 も、ぜひご覧ください。LLで作った作品を自慢しよう!
昨年の伝説のセッション「デモ自慢」が闘いのリングに帰って来た!たくさんのご応募ありがとうございました!
AAUGH.com Peanuts shopping site , AAUGH.com Peanuts book collecting guide Abusing Amazon images by Nat Gertler Created May 21 , 2005 .
Last updated January 10 , 2014 .
Thanks to Aryeh Leib Taurog for the hover code .
Amazon.com feeds out a lot of product images , putting out the same book cover ( say ) in a variety of sizes and formats .
By experimentation , I found that they do n't actually have all the sizes and formats stored .
Instead , they have a system that generates each requested image .
The details of size and format are built into the image 's URL .
What that means that , if you want , you can create URLs that generate odd and unlikely Amazon images ( you can see my gallery of images here ) .
The proper combination of product choice and added elements and effects could create an interesting visual .
What you see here is my best understanding of things based on trial and error and messing with various example URLs I 've found .
Hover over the example images to see the full address of the image .
Let 's take a look at an example http://ecw.images-amazon.com/images/
P/ 0971633894 .
01 . _PE20 _SCMZZZZZZZ_ . jpg
The first part - http://ezw.images-amazon.com/images/
- varies for some of the foreign Amazon sites .
You may see http://ec2.images-amazon.com/images / but this appears to have no impact on the image that results .
( You may see older links to images using http://images.amazon.com/images/ on non-Amazon sites , which is the old location and which still works . )
The next part - P/ - indicates the format of the product code .
The rest is a series of variable fields , each field separated from the next by a period ( or , for those who live solely in web URLs , a " dot " . ) 0971633894 is the product code .
There are two formats used for the product code - if the previous part was P / this is the ASIN , the identifier that Amazon uses for every item it stocks .
For books , this is the 10 - digit ISBN , stripped of its dashes .
You can find the ASIN in the product details section of any Amazon product listing .
If the previous part was I / this is some sort of funky 11 - digit code that indicates not just the product , but also where the image was originally found .
I 've not been able to pull this apart into useful information yet , but it does not include some user tracking indicator as I first feared .
If you 're trying to build your own image generator , stick with the P/ format .
is the product code .
There are two formats used for the product code - if the previous part was this is the ASIN , the identifier that Amazon uses for every item it stocks .
For books , this is the 10 - digit ISBN , stripped of its dashes .
You can find the ASIN in the product details section of any Amazon product listing .
If the previous part was this is some sort of funky 11 - digit code that indicates not just the product , but also where the image was originally found .
I 've not been able to pull this apart into useful information yet , but it does not include some user tracking indicator as I first feared .
If you 're trying to build your own image generator , stick with the format .
01 used to be the country field , but now is always set to 01 ( although it still works if you want to set the country code ) .
Different Amazons in different countries have different images stored for individual products , as well as different add - on images and percent - off bullet formats .
( If there is n't a local version of the image for a country 's database , or if you use an unused country code such as 06 , it defaults to the US version .
For at least some Japanese products , there is no US image stored , and no image will appear if you use another country code . )
01 : The US ( Amazon.com ) and Canada ( Amazon.ca ) and as best as I can tell , China ( Amazon.cn ) .
( This can sometimes be followed by a dash and then a fairly long alphanumeric string , then a .
PT01 . - this is for products that have alternate views .
Changing that .
PT01. to .
PT02. gives the next view , and so forth . )
02 : The UK ( Amazon.co.uk ) .
This uses a slightly different bullet design .
03 : Germany ( Amazon.de )
For a long time , this slot actually held the alternate , original solicitation cover for this book .
The Germans did n't get percentage - off bullets until sometime between August and October of 2005 ( and even so , they originally had no support for discounts of less than 10 percent , although they now do ) .
08 : France ( Amazon.fr ) 09 : Japan ( Amazon.co.jp )
used to be the country field , but now is always set to 01 ( although it still works if you want to set the country code ) .
Different Amazons in different countries have different images stored for individual products , as well as different add - on images and percent - off bullet formats .
( If there is n't a local version of the image for a country 's database , or if you use an unused country code such as 06 , it defaults to the US version .
For at least some Japanese products , there is no US image stored , and no image will appear if you use another country code . )
_PE20 _SCMZZZZZZZ_ gives information on the size of the image and adornments added to the image .
I 've found three formats that this field can have .
THUMBZZZ - just the size code .
This works only for certain size codes 20SCZZZZ - ( NOTE : AS OF AUGUST 2008 , THIS FORMAT APPEARS TO BE DISABLED , RETURNING JUST AN IMAGE WITH NO BULLET . ) the percent discount followed by the size code .
This only works with certain size codes .
Using 00 will generate an image without a bullet , while 1C presents a special one cent bullet .
( The one cent bullet is only available for country code 01 . ) _PE20 _SCMZZZZZZZ_ - a string of commands separated by underscores , including lead and end underscores .
A list of known size codes and commands is below .
gives information on the size of the image and adornments added to the image .
I 've found three formats that this field can have .
jpg -
This can be jpg , jpeg , png , or gif .
Oddly , it does n't matter .
The file will be a JPEG format graphics file no matter what extension you use ( unless you vary it with the FM code descrbed below ) .
You can even get away with using no extension , with or without the leading period .
However , you can't just put random characters for the extension .
size codes
The size codes that I 've found all seem a mite odd to me .
They all end in a number of Zs , and I imagine there is some significance to the number that I 've not found , but you can't just mess with them .
Each size code works only with a certain option format Option format 1 THUMB ( can be followed by any number of Z s ) or H small size .
T ( can be followed by any number of Z s ) medium image size .
Any other ( or no ) string default image size Note : Before August , 2008 , ZTZZZZZZ or any other eight - letter string starting with the second letter being T would add a drop shadow to the left , unless the fourth letter was an L , in which case it would drop right .
Prior to July 2006 , these commands also tilted the image to the left , unless the third or fourth letter was an R , in which case the tilt was to the right .
L , LZ , or LZZ large size .
Option format 2
As of August 2008 , option format 2 ( with a bullet value followed by a string which could cause a tilt or a drop shadow ) is no longer working ; anything designed for format 2 is simply treated as format 1 .
Option format 3 SCTZZZZZZZ small size .
SCMZZZZZZZ medium size .
SCLZZZZZZZ large size .
SCRM HUGE size .
Too huge to fit comfortably on this web page - we 're talking megapixel images .
Please note that this option is only available for items that have a ZOOMing picture on its amazon web page , and it does n't work for all of the domain names - but if you have a page with a zoomable picture , try doing this with ec2.images-amazon.com as the host .
Click here for an example image commands
The commands ( for use only in format 3 ) I 've found so far are Borders and shadows | Bullets and adornments | Text | Size adjustment | Rotation | Image adjustments Borders and Shadows PB -
Put a drop shadow on the image , down and to the left .
Note :
- Put a drop shadow on the image , down and to the left .
Note : PC -
Put a drop shadow on the image , down and to the right .
As of August 2008 , these only works if there is at least two underscores following the PB or PC in the command string ( they need not be directly in a row ; they can follow other commands ) or there are further arguments .
These are only designed to look like a real shadow for rectangular items such as books .
If you want it to look like a real shadow , make sure to put this command before any PE , PI , or rotate command .
If you add an argument to it ( such as PC,4 ) the total image size is reduced , unless you add exactly five arguments , as in PC 10 , 129 , 75 , 55 , 33 , in which case blank space is added around the edges of the image .
This will add 10 pixels to both the width and the height , then add 129 pixels just to the height , then add 75 just to the width .
I have n't yet found what effect the 55 and 33 have .
- Put a drop shadow on the image , down and to the right .
As of August 2008 , these only works if there is at least two underscores following the PB or PC in the command string ( they need not be directly in a row ; they can follow other commands ) or there are further arguments .
These are only designed to look like a real shadow for rectangular items such as books .
If you want it to look like a real shadow , make sure to put this command before any PE , PI , or rotate command .
If you add an argument to it ( such as PC,4 ) the total image size is reduced , unless you add exactly five arguments , as in , , , , , in which case blank space is added around the edges of the image .
This will add pixels to both the width and the height , then add pixels just to the height , then add just to the width .
I have n't yet found what effect the and have .
PA10,6 , -8,2 0 - This is a more complete drop - shadow tool .
The first number is the number of pixels added to the image in each dimension , generally just adding blank area .
The second is how far the shadow 's edge is from the item 's edge horizontally in pixels ( positive values go to the right , negative to the left ) .
The third is how far the shadow 's edge is from the image 's edge vertically ( positive values go down , negative values go up . )
The final number sets how sharp and dark the shadow is - 0 would be perfectly square , while higher numbers make the shadow ever fuzzier and lighter .
- This is a more complete drop - shadow tool .
The first number is the number of pixels added to the image in each dimension , generally just adding blank area .
The second is how far the shadow 's edge is from the item 's edge horizontally in pixels ( positive values go to the right , negative to the left ) .
The third is how far the shadow 's edge is from the image 's edge vertically ( positive values go down , negative values go up . )
The final number sets how sharp and dark the shadow is - 0 would be perfectly square , while higher numbers make the shadow ever fuzzier and lighter .
BO10,155,0,145 - Adds a border around the picture .
The first number is the border thickness in pixels , and can be up to at least four digits long , which is more than you 'll ever need .
The remaining three values are the border color in decimal - represented RGB .
For those of you who are n't so versed in geekspeak , what this means is you 're mixing a color together using red , green , and blue .
There 's a number for the amount of red ( running from 0 to 255 ) , followed by one for the amount of green , followed by one for the amount of blue .
Bullets and adornments PF - Puts a half - disc image sticking out of the side of the product .
Adding a value after this decreases the size of the existing image and adds space between the existing image and the disk image .
( As of August 2008 , if PF is your only argument , include an extra underscore after it or it wo n't work properly . )
- Puts a half - disc image sticking out of the side of the product .
Adding a value after this decreases the size of the existing image and adds space between the existing image and the disk image .
( As of August 2008 , if PF is your only argument , include an extra underscore after it or it wo n't work properly . )
PE55 - Puts a percent discount bullet on the lower right of the image .
Value can be 01 -99 ; 00 means no bullet , 1C is a one cent bullet .
( The one cent bullet is only available if the country code is set to 01 . )
- Puts a percent discount bullet on the lower right of the image .
Value can be 01 -99 ; 00 means no bullet , 1C is a one cent bullet .
( The one cent bullet is only available if the country code is set to 01 . )
PD55 - Same as PE except the bullet is on the lower left .
- Same as PE except the bullet is on the lower left .
PI sm.arrow , TopLeft , -2,-19 or PJ sm.arrow , TopLeft , -2,-19 - Adds another sort of bullet to the image .
( PI adds whitespace around the image when it does so ; PJ does not , unless the bullet goes beyond the edge of the image ) sm.arrow - the type of bullet .
So far , the bullets that I 've found are :
or - Adds another sort of bullet to the image .
( PI adds whitespace around the image when it does so ; PJ does not , unless the bullet goes beyond the edge of the image )
The following only work with country code 01 ( the US / Canada ) sitb - dp - 500 - arrow litb - dp - 500 - arrow ( " sitb " means " Search Inside The Book " ) . ( " litb " means " Look Inside The Book " ) look - inside - v2 look - inside release - day - del - sticker bundle - 808 clearance Works not only for 808 , but also for all values 2-25,30,35,40,50,60 , and 70 .
The following only work with country codes 01 and 02 ( the US / Canada and the UK ) dp- schmooS dp- schmoo2 ( a " shmoo " is a white bulbous creature from the Li'l Abner comic strip that the little figure here resembles . )
The following put out a different image based on country code Code sitb - st - arrow sitb - sm - arrow sitb - sticker - dp- arrow sitb - sticker - dp- top 01/02 03 08 09 Code sitb - sticker - arrow - dp sitb - sticker - arrow - click 01/02 03 08 09
The following only work with country code 02 ( the UK ) uk - r - fp -299 uk - y - fp-9999 uk - r - fd - 1 uk-y - fd - 18 These values can be set to 299 , 399 , and so on up to 9999 , plus 19999 .
This values can be anything from 1 to 18 , 20 , 30 , 40 , 50 , or 100 This values can be anything from 1 to 20 , 30 , 40 , 50 , or 100 uk - r - ss - new uk - y - ss - new uk - r - ss - save uk - y - ss - save
The following only work with country code 03 ( Germany ) sticker - neu - r mit- praemie - sticker3 de-ambir - sticker - o sticker - preishit-r " New " " Premium " " Hit Price "
This does n't seem to work on the old image server format autoripBadge = TopLeft - where the placement of the bullet is measured from .
TopLeft , TopRight , BottomLeft and BottomRight all work .
TopLeft is the default , if you enter meaningless data here .
- where the placement of the bullet is measured from .
TopLeft , TopRight , BottomLeft and BottomRight all work .
TopLeft is the default , if you enter meaningless data here .
- 2,-19 - the placement of the bullet .
The first number is horizontal - positive values place to the right , negative values to the left .
The second number is vertical - positive down , negative up .
- the placement of the bullet .
The first number is horizontal - positive values place to the right , negative values to the left .
The second number is vertical - positive down , negative up .
The following image codes have been discontinued : m.arrow ( country 01 ) , st.arrow and t.arrow ( countries 01 and 02 ) , and sm.arrow ( countries 01 , 02 , and 03 ) .
These were search - inside - type arrows without the trademark , if memory serves .
Also disabled from country code 01 : kin- dp - 500 ( I no longer recall what this was ) and m.schmu ( which was one of the little white blobby guys peeking over the edge of things . )
( country 01 ) , and ( countries 01 and 02 ) , and ( countries 01 , 02 , and 03 ) .
These were search - inside - type arrows without the trademark , if memory serves .
Also disabled from country code 01 : ( I no longer recall what this was ) and ( which was one of the little white blobby guys peeking over the edge of things . )
PG sitb - sm-arrow and PH sitb - sm- arrow - Stretches the bullet to take up the full width of the image .
PG places it on the bottom of the image , PH on the top .
sitb - sm-arrow -
Any of the bullets from the above list .
and - Stretches the bullet to take up the full width of the image .
PG places it on the bottom of the image , PH on the top .
OU02 - This overrides the country - code setting for which bullets can be displayed , while still using the original country code setting for the selection of the product image : OU01 ( use the US / Canada bullets ) OU02 ( use the UK bullets ) OU03 ( use the German bullets ) OU08 ( use the French bullets ) OU09 ( use the Japanese bullets )
- This overrides the country - code setting for which bullets can be displayed , while still using the original country code setting for the selection of the product image :
Note that OU has the same effect no matter where in your command string it lands ( although if you have two OU commands , only the first is used . )
Text ZAText %20stuff,5,15,100,100 , times ,20,255,40,240 -
Adds text .
That 's a long command , but it has a lot of stuff .
When writing out the text content , you may run into problems if you use characters that are not letters or numbers ( such as spaces , commas , and so forth ) , because they may be misinterpreted in a URL .
Instead , you have to use encoded ASCII values .
Use % 20 for a space , % 2C for a comma , % 2E for a period , and go here to look up other characters .
The next two fields ( 5,15 ) are the position of the upper left corner of the text area , measured from the upper left corner of the image .
In this case , it 's 5 pixels down , 15 to the right .
The next two figures show where the bottom right of the text area is , 100 pixels to the right and 100 down from upper left of the text box .
This is important because word wrap will be done based on where the right edge of the text box is .
After that is the font , and so far I 've identified five : times , arial , arialbi ( arial bold italic ) , verdenab ( which is presumably some sort of misspelling of verdana , a common font ) , and advc128d ( a bar code font , used on package labels for postal routing and tracking ) .
Next ( 20 ) is the font size , and then a three - digit RGB code for the text color .
( You can see RGB codes explained in the BO command discussion . )
- Adds text .
That 's a long command , but it has a lot of stuff .
When writing out the text content , you may run into problems if you use characters that are not letters or numbers ( such as spaces , commas , and so forth ) , because they may be misinterpreted in a URL .
Instead , you have to use encoded ASCII values .
Use % 20 for a space , % 2C for a comma , % 2E for a period , and go here to look up other characters .
The next two fields ( 5,15 ) are the position of the upper left corner of the text area , measured from the upper left corner of the image .
In this case , it 's 5 pixels down , 15 to the right .
The next two figures show where the bottom right of the text area is , 100 pixels to the right and 100 down from upper left of the text box .
This is important because word wrap will be done based on where the right edge of the text box is .
After that is the font , and so far I 've identified five : times , arial , arialbi ( arial bold italic ) , verdenab ( which is presumably some sort of misspelling of verdana , a common font ) , and advc128d ( a bar code font , used on package labels for postal routing and tracking ) .
Next ( 20 ) is the font size , and then a three - digit RGB code for the text color .
( You can see RGB codes explained in the BO command discussion . )
ZC -
The same as ZA , except that it places the text box so that the longest line of text in the box is centered on the image .
This is good centering if you have only one line of text .
It does n't center each individual line so the left edge of shorter lines will still lign up with the left edge of the longest line .
Size adjustment AA25 - This resizes the image to a fixed pixel dimension ( setting its larger dimension , with the smaller one set in proper proportion ) .
It seems like you can set any number up to the actual size that the image is stored at Amazon ; above that , this adds white space to around the borders of your image .
Expanding to the point where you 're adding white space also appears to shrink the bullet .
( I need to do a little more exploring here to get the details worked out . )
Values from 1 to at least 5000 , by which point you 're so far beyond the size of any actual image at Amazon that there 's no point in thinking about it .
- This resizes the image to a fixed pixel dimension ( setting its larger dimension , with the smaller one set in proper proportion ) .
It seems like you can set any number up to the actual size that the image is stored at Amazon ; above that , this adds white space to around the borders of your image .
Expanding to the point where you 're adding white space also appears to shrink the bullet .
( I need to do a little more exploring here to get the details worked out . )
Values from 1 to at least 5000 , by which point you 're so far beyond the size of any actual image at Amazon that there 's no point in thinking about it .
SX25 - This reduces the image to be the listed number of pixels in width , with the height being reduced proportionately .
- This reduces the image to be the listed number of pixels in width , with the height being reduced proportionately .
SY25 - This reduces the image to be the listed number of pixels in height , with the width being resized proportionately .
- This reduces the image to be the listed number of pixels in height , with the width being resized proportionately .
SL25 - This reduces the size of the image so that the larger dimension ( width or height ) becomes the size listed , with the smaller dimension reduced proportionately .
If the value is larger than the larger dimension size that would otherwise be put out , this has no effect on the image .
- This reduces the size of the image so that the larger dimension ( width or height ) becomes the size listed , with the smaller dimension reduced proportionately .
If the value is larger than the larger dimension size that would otherwise be put out , this has no effect on the image .
SS25 - This resizes the image to a square image , a fixed number of pixels in both height and width .
It does this not by distorting the image , but by scaling the image so that the larger dimension is the listed size and blank white pixels are added to the side to fill it out .
If you set a value larger than the actual size of the source image as stored on the Amazon server , white space will be added all around the image .
- This resizes the image to a square image , a fixed number of pixels in both height and width .
It does this not by distorting the image , but by scaling the image so that the larger dimension is the listed size and blank white pixels are added to the side to fill it out .
If you set a value larger than the actual size of the source image as stored on the Amazon server , white space will be added all around the image .
CR0,10,20,15 - This crops the image , trimming away everything but a selected rectangular area .
The first two numbers indicate the upper left - hand corner of the selection area ( the first is how many pixels from the left , the second is how many pixels down from the top ) .
The next two numbers are the width and height of the selected area , in pixels .
Note : this was a great way to trim away the excess white space left by other commands , , . which other commands used to create , although that was greatly reduced sometime around July 2007 .
You have to take the time to crop precisely for a given image .
If you set the crop area to go beyond the edge of the image , the image will merely be resized with white space added .
Rotation PT85 - Tilts the image .
Number is number of degrees .
Default ( no number ) is 0 .
The values seem to range as high as 135 .
Positive values rotate to the right , negative numbers rotate to the left .
Negative numbers go ... well , I stopped testing in the hundreds of millions , but there 's not much need to go beyond - 360 , which takes it full circle .
Positive rotations in some values seem to cause severe image shrinkage , so you should consider using a size adjustment after rotation .
- Tilts the image .
Number is number of degrees .
Default ( no number ) is 0 .
The values seem to range as high as 135 .
Positive values rotate to the right , negative numbers rotate to the left .
Negative numbers go ... well , I stopped testing in the hundreds of millions , but there 's not much need to go beyond - 360 , which takes it full circle .
Positive rotations in some values seem to cause severe image shrinkage , so you should consider using a size adjustment after rotation .
PU45 - Tilts the image to the left .
Number is number of degrees .
Default ( no number ) is about 5 ( although ends up with slightly different size image than actually using 5 ) .
Range is 0 -99 .
- Tilts the image to the left .
Number is number of degrees .
Default ( no number ) is about 5 ( although ends up with slightly different size image than actually using 5 ) .
Range is 0 -99 .
PV45 - Same as PU , except tilting to the right .
Note : PU and PV stopped functioning around July 2006 , but were restored by July 2007 Image Adjustments HL60,100,30,15,80 - This highlights an area of the image .
The first two numbers indicate the upper left - hand corner of the highlighted area ( the first is how many pixels from the left , the second is how many pixels down from the top ) .
The next two numbers are the width and height of the highlighted area , in pixels .
The fifth number is the degree of adjustment .
Values from 0 through 255 give an ever more solid color , with 255 leaving the block solid .
( Values above 255 just repeat the 0 - 255 range . )
For cool effects , however , you should try negative values .
- This highlights an area of the image .
The first two numbers indicate the upper left - hand corner of the highlighted area ( the first is how many pixels from the left , the second is how many pixels down from the top ) .
The next two numbers are the width and height of the highlighted area , in pixels .
The fifth number is the degree of adjustment .
Values from 0 through 255 give an ever more solid color , with 255 leaving the block solid .
( Values above 255 just repeat the 0 - 255 range . )
For cool effects , however , you should try negative values .
BL10 - This blurs the image .
The number appears to be the blur raidius , so the larger a number you enter , the blurrier your image will get ..
- This blurs the image .
The number appears to be the blur raidius , so the larger a number you enter , the blurrier your image will get ..
SH94 - This sharpens the image , increasing the contrast between adjacent pixels of different color to make the difference stand out .
Values are 00 - 99 .
Small values ( say , 20 ) can have a nice effect on images that do n't look distinct .
Large values find insignificant color differences and turn them into noise while draining the image of color .
- This sharpens the image , increasing the contrast between adjacent pixels of different color to make the difference stand out .
Values are 00 - 99 .
Small values ( say , 20 ) can have a nice effect on images that do n't look distinct .
Large values find insignificant color differences and turn them into noise while draining the image of color .
FMgif -
This sets the output format of the file .
Acceptable arguments are jpg ( the default ) , jpeg ( same format ) , gif , and png .
Be careful with this command - whereas messing up your argument for most options will at worst output a blank image file , messing up this one will give you a 404 - file not found response .
- This sets the output format of the file .
Acceptable arguments are jpg ( the default ) , jpeg ( same format ) , gif , and png .
Be careful with this command - whereas messing up your argument for most options will at worst output a blank image file , messing up this one will give you a 404 - file not found response .
BD1 - This options works only with the FMgif option ( file format set to gif . )
This sets the bit depth , the number of bits that the file uses to represent each pixel .
Values range from 1 ( which will mean that your entire image only has 2 colors ) to 8 ( 256 colors ) .
The cool thing ( if you want to generate unlikely Amazon images ) is that you 're not limited to one use of any of these commands .
You can have multiple discounts , multiple shadows , multiple bullets , generating images that Amazon would never have on its site .
However , every additional command you add generates another 10 % to the image dimensions , adding white space around the image .
And that 10 % compounds ; add a lot of bullets , and you 'll find that you have a small image in a large blank space .
( You can use the CR command to cut away the excess , however . )
Note also that the commands are interpreted in order , which can have an impact on what overlaps what .
other images
There are other , non-product images lurking around Amazon which you can similarly abuse .
In fact , any image coming from images.amazon.com or g-images.amazon.com can be subject to this .
There are some images that were specifically designed for such use .
For example , at http://images.amazon.com/images/G/01/banners/books/promotions/detail_burst_v2.gif
you will find , which is designed to be used with the ZC tag to list price discounts , like or .
At http://images.amazon.com/images/G/01/nav/personalized/tabs/yourstore-off-sliced.gif you find , which was used in an old set of Amazon page headers to personalize things like .
But if you check the source for any image you see on Amazon 's pages , you can probably abuse it .
Just add a period followed by a string of commands before the .gif or .jpg at the end of the image name .
on beyond ...
Are there other secrets , other commands , other things to be discovered about the Amazon product image system ?
Almost certainly .
Note : all of the product images on this page are coming directly from Amazon .
If you do n't quite get the URL information being discussed , right - click ( Windows ) or ctrl - click ( Mac ) on the image , and chose your browsers command to view the image , or to copy the image address which you can then paste into the address field of your browser .
Your address field will have the full URL for you to study !
Check out my gallery of cool abused Amazon images !
Ethical Considerations Abusing Amazon images for decorative art on your own web pages makes use of Amazon 's processor and bandwidth .
While Amazon is generally good about letting people use their systems for interesting projects , it should be remembered that they make access available in order to ultimately sell more stuff .
My recommendation for those who want to use Amazon 's services without being a total leech is to be sure to include a link to the Amazon sales page for the product depicted .
For example , all the images on this page are for It 's Only a Game , a collection of a non-Peanuts newspaper comic by the creator of Peanuts .
If you 're using various overlay images , particularly percentage bullets , include something like : Warning : the discount percentages and other feature blurbs depicted on this page are being used in a purely decorative fashion .
They do n't represent any discount or feature actually being offered .
The unusual wildlife spectacle in St James 's Park was caught on camera by photographer Cathal McNaughton .
He said the Eastern White pelican had the unfortunate pigeon in its beak for more than 20 minutes before swallowing it whole .
An RSPB spokesman said : " It is almost unheard of for a pelican to eat a bird .
Their diet should be strictly fish . "
Mr McNaughton , from the Press Association , said : " The pelican was on the towpath preening itself , and there were a lot of tourists watching it .
It was kicking and flapping the whole way down
Cathal McNaughton
" Then the bird got up and strolled along until it reached one of the pigeons , which it just grabbed in its beak .
" There was a bit of a struggle for about 20 minutes , with all these people watching .
The pelican only opened its mouth a couple of times .
" Then it managed to get the pigeon to go head first down its throat .
It was kicking and flapping the whole way down . "
There are currently five pelicans living near Duck Island in St James 's Park - four Eastern Whites and one Louisiana Brown .
Pelicans were introduced into the park during King Charles II 's reign as a gift from the Russian ambassador .
The Abominable Snowman - or Yeti to give him his proper Tibetan , if less evocative , name - is a huge , hairy ape - man hybrid beast who lives above the snowline in the Himalayan regions of India , Nepal and Tibet .
I do not lace my words with " allegedly " , " perhaps " or " maybe " , and that is because of the veritable Himalayan mountain of evidence that we have of his existence .
Perhaps you can deny pictures of the Yeti in ancient Bhutanese murals , reports of sightings by yak herders , pictures of giant footprints , a patch of humanlike skin and mummified finger at 18,000ft found in 1950 and the testimony of the snowblind and hypothermic Captain d'Auvergne that he was saved from certain death by two 8 ft - tall creatures somewhere between Bhutan and Sikkim .
I , however , cannot .
And they found a frozen hairy foot in Siberia three years ago .
So there .
2 Nessie
The days of people being snatched up by alien spaceships may be over , but belief in the Loch Ness monster persists .
The reason is simple : a picture - in this case purporting to show the creature 's long neck and little head poking out of the water - is worth far more than a thousand words , even after it is revealed by its snapper to be a hoax .
The preferred explanation , these days , is that Nessie is a plesiosaur , a remnant of the Mesozoic era who has cleverly circumvented the need for a breeding colony ( which one might expect to have been discovered during the 80 years of exploratory expeditions ) , and done away with the original plesiosaur 's need to break the surface to breathe , which would have made Nessie sightings as common as Paris Hilton's .
Does Nessie speak to our psychic depths , to a collective hankering to be wild , mysterious and free , to a submerged longing for a connection to the primordial waters in which we all once swam ?
Or would we just all love to see a really , really , really big fish ?
3 Hollow Earth
In 1692 , Edmund Halley - not yet of comet fame - posited that inside the earth nested a series of spherical shells , like tubby Russian dolls , each with their own atmosphere , magnetic poles and rate of rotation .
He did this in order to try to explain anomalous compass readings in the absence of alternative evidence , and he and later scientific followers gladly let it give way as evidence to the contrary became available .
Others , however , continue to prefer the notion that if you tap the home counties , you will hear a deep , reverberating echo and the squeals of rudely awoken interior inhabitants .
In the 19th century , John Symmes popularised the belief in a hollow earth and other proponents ' efforts resulted in the Great US Exploring Expedition of 1838 - 42 , which did a lot in the way of mapping Oregon and furnishing the Smithsonian but failed to provide proof of a hollow world .
Still , the belief has survived to the present day - the Hollow Earth Society now claims 400 members in more than 30 countries - and received a particular boost in the early 1980s from the masterful Jim Henson series Fraggle Rock , now available on DVD .
4 Crystals
To detail the health and spiritual benefits claimed for various crystals would take more time and mental space than anyone should have to give the concept that lumps of translucent rock can affect the human mind or body in any way other than if they are thrown fast and hard at the latter , a procedure I heartily recommend if anyone ever starts trying to convince you otherwise .
This belief will persist for as long as rocks can be dug up for free .
I know this because I have shone a light through my pink imbecilia quartz and it refracted into whole industries stringing stones on to leather thongs and laughing all the way to the bank .
5 Elvis
There is a lesser known version of the ancient philosophical conundrum , which goes : " If the world 's first and greatest pop icon dies on the toilet and there is nobody around to independently verify the fact , did he really make a gently expiring sound , or did he fake it in order to live out the rest of his life in solitude , save for the occasional excursion to Chipping Sodbury or Neoprene , Ohio , to allow sufficient sightings to keep the flame of remembrance alive ? "
And the answer is no .
But that does n't stop collective international grief morphing into years of delusional sightings of the King , a testament to the power of human resistance to the appalling notion that death is the end not just of life but of celebrity .
Expect the first Diana sighting at a Lidl near you any day now .
6 Electronic smog
This , like crystals , is a favourite of holistic health practitioners , homeopaths and the kind of hippies who advertise pet aromatherapy .
But it received the beginnings of mainstream acceptance at the weekend , when the Department of Health announced that it was to make two reports on the phenomenon to the government next month .
Electronic smog is meant to refer to the electrical and magnetic fields thrown out by the electrical appliances in our homes , and the radio frequency fields emitted by masts , transmitters , mobile phones and so on .
It is believed , in certain quarters , that these can interfere with the natural electrical activity of the body ( particularly in the heart and between nerve cells ) and cause anything from leukaemia to cancer to depression .
Ever since the first electrical pylon was raised , there have been studies both supporting and contradicting the idea that strong electrical fields can cause cancer .
Clusters of patients found at such sites by research teams are generally dismissed as truly random occurrences .
But the fear of invisible rays is a hard one to allay .
Fighting the belief in electronic smog will literally be like fighting mist .
7 Telepathy
There seemed to be a great many television programmes in my youth that centred round people staring at white cards with black symbols on them while other people sat behind a screen and tried to say what they were seeing .
It was n't great TV , but remote controls had n't been invented so whatever channel was on at teatime stayed on until closedown .
Whatever these and other experiments in telepathy and ESP various idiots have carried out over the centuries , they have yet to produce a shred of verifiable or duplicable evidence that the mind can transmit messages .
And yet we continue , as a species , to have a deep - seated belief in the idea that telepathy is not only possible , but actually happens : I give you the phenomenon that is Derren Brown .
8 Fairies
Fairy lore has survived for centuries , partly because it arose among Celtic people who historically would rather lose a limb than a good story , partly because it is infinitely adaptable to all times and ages , and partly , and most sickeningly , because fairies have an eternal appeal to the vast swathes of every female generation who love their ickle - bitty dresses and their iridescent wings and their flowery bowers .
Rational argument becomes sodden and useless upon contact with minds so wet , alas .
9 Big cats in Britain
There are parakeets in West Wickham .
I 've seen 'em .
Why not beasts on Bodmin , caracals in Cornwall , pumas in Penge ?
A travelling circus , a faulty lock , an ocelot with initiative - it's not hard to imagine and it really could be true .
Cue , every month or so , yet another newspaper picture of what may or not be a large , out - of - focus domestic moggy - or not .
10 Angels
Originally members of the lowest division of the celestial hierarchy , lumbered with sorting out human affairs rather than singing the music of the spheres or guarding Eden like the Seraphim and Cherubim , angels have long since been co-opted by new agers and pressed into service in ever more demeaning ways .
Instead of divine servants , they are now usually conceptualised as floaty - robed guardians of man whose benevolent energies can be channelled through crystals , or used as a way of personifying self - help beliefs , resulting in a plethora of books with titles like , How My Angel Told Me to Tell You to Love Yourself and Give Me £ 7.99 .
Like crystals and fairies , they will exist for as long as they make money and there are enough drippy women out there with sufficient disposable income to make it so .
Editorial blasts federal response
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana ( CNN ) --
The Times - Picayune of New Orleans printed this editorial in its Sunday edition , criticizing the federal government 's response to Hurricane Katrina and calling on every FEMA official to be fired :
An open letter to the President
Dear Mr. President :
We heard you loud and clear Friday when you visited our devastated city and the Gulf Coast and said , " What is not working , we 're going to make it right . "
Please forgive us if we wait to see proof of your promise before believing you .
But we have good reason for our skepticism .
Bienville built New Orleans where he built it for one main reason :
It 's accessible .
The city between the Mississippi River and Lake Pontchartrain was easy to reach in 1718 .
How much easier it is to access in 2005 now that there are interstates and bridges , airports and helipads , cruise ships , barges , buses and diesel - powered trucks .
Despite the city 's multiple points of entry , our nation 's bureaucrats spent days after last week 's hurricane wringing their hands , lamenting the fact that they could neither rescue the city 's stranded victims nor bring them food , water and medical supplies .
Meanwhile there were journalists , including some who work for The Times - Picayune , going in and out of the city via the Crescent City Connection .
On Thursday morning , that crew saw a caravan of 13 Wal - Mart tractor trailers headed into town to bring food , water and supplies to a dying city .
Television reporters were doing live reports from downtown New Orleans streets .
Harry Connick Jr. brought in some aid Thursday , and his efforts were the focus of a " Today " show story Friday morning .
Yet , the people trained to protect our nation , the people whose job it is to quickly bring in aid were absent .
Those who should have been deploying troops were singing a sad song about how our city was impossible to reach .
We 're angry , Mr. President , and we 'll be angry long after our beloved city and surrounding parishes have been pumped dry .
Our people deserved rescuing .
Many who could have been were not .
That 's to the government 's shame .
Mayor Ray Nagin did the right thing Sunday when he allowed those with no other alternative to seek shelter from the storm inside the Louisiana Superdome .
We still do n't know what the death toll is , but one thing is certain :
Had the Superdome not been opened , the city 's death toll would have been higher .
The toll may even have been exponentially higher .
It was clear to us by late morning Monday that many people inside the Superdome would not be returning home .
It should have been clear to our government , Mr. President .
So why were n't they evacuated out of the city immediately ?
We learned seven years ago , when Hurricane Georges threatened , that the Dome is n't suitable as a long - term shelter .
So what did state and national officials think would happen to tens of thousands of people trapped inside with no air conditioning , overflowing toilets and dwindling amounts of food , water and other essentials ?
State Rep. Karen Carter was right Friday when she said the city did n't have but two urgent needs : " Buses !
And gas ! "
Every official at the Federal Emergency Management Agency should be fired , Director Michael Brown especially .
In a nationally televised interview Thursday night , he said his agency had n't known until that day that thousands of storm victims were stranded at the Ernest N. Morial Convention Center .
He gave another nationally televised interview the next morning and said , " We've provided food to the people at the Convention Center so that they 've gotten at least one , if not two meals , every single day . "
Lies do n't get more bald - faced than that , Mr. President .
Yet , when you met with Mr. Brown Friday morning , you told him , " You 're doing a heck of a job . "
That 's unbelievable .
There were thousands of people at the Convention Center because the riverfront is high ground .
The fact that so many people had reached there on foot is proof that rescue vehicles could have gotten there , too .
We , who are from New Orleans , are no less American than those who live on the Great Plains or along the Atlantic Seaboard .
We 're no less important than those from the Pacific Northwest or Appalachia .
Our people deserved to be rescued .
No expense should have been spared .
No excuses should have been voiced .
Especially not one as preposterous as the claim that New Orleans could n't be reached .
Mr. President , we sincerely hope you fulfill your promise to make our beloved communities work right once again .
When you do , we will be the first to applaud .
Anti-copy protection activists have released a new solution that breaks Apple 's FairPlay DRM , which secures iTunes - purchased tracks .
The solution , QTFairUse6 , comes from the same activists who this week unleashed FairUse4WM , which can strip copy protection from Windows Media files .
Both sets of software let users strip copy protection from their legally acquired music .
Once that is done , they can use their songs on any digital device , any platform and any music management software .
The software requires Python 2.4 and several other tools , and uses the information buffered in memory after iTunes decodes the file .
The script currently works on Windows only .
" To make it work on Mac one would need to port pydbg or find a similar package and also reverse - engineer iTunes to find the routines which handle AAC data after decryption , " the developers explain on their forum .
The typical corkscrew path of an Earth Coorbital Asteroid .
News flash : Earth has a " second moon . "
Asteroid 2003 YN107 is looping around our planet once a year .
Measuring only 20 meters across , the asteroid is too small to see with the unaided eye — but it is there .
This news , believe it or not , is seven years old .
" 2003 YN107 arrived in 1999 , " says Paul Chodas of NASA 's Near Earth Object Program at JPL , " and it 's been corkscrewing around Earth ever since . "
Because the asteroid is so small and poses no threat , it has attracted little public attention .
But Chodas and other experts have been monitoring it .
" It 's a very curious object , " he says .
Most near - Earth asteroids , when they approach Earth , simply fly by .
They come and they go , occasionally making news around the date of closest approach .
2003 YN107 is different :
It came and it stayed .
Asteroid mining , an artist 's concept .
" We believe 2003 YN107 is one of a whole population of near - Earth asteroids that do n't just fly by Earth .
They pause and corkscrew in our vicinity for years before moving along . "
These asteroids are called Earth Coorbital Asteroids or " coorbitals " for short .
Essentially , they share Earth 's orbit , going around the Sun in almost exactly one year .
Occasionally a coorbital catches up to Earth from behind , or vice versa , and the dance begins :
The asteroid , while still orbiting the sun , slowly corkscrews around our planet .
" These asteroids are not truly captured by Earth 's gravity , " notes Chodas .
" But from our point of view , it looks like we have a new moon . "
Astronomers know of at least four small asteroids that can do this trick : 2003 YN107 , 2002 AA29 , 2004 GU9 and 2001 GO2 .
" There may be more , " says Chodas .
He believes the list will grow as asteroid surveys improve in sky coverage and sensitivity .
At the moment , only two coorbitals are actually nearby : 2003 YN107 and 2004 GU9 .
The others are scattered around Earth 's orbit .
2004 GU9 is perhaps the most interesting .
It measures about 200 meters across , relatively large .
And according to calculations it has been corkscrewing around Earth for 500 years -- and may continue for another 500 .
It 's in a remarkably stable " orbit . "
Right now , however , researchers are paying more attention to 2003 YN107 for one simple reason : it 's about to depart .
The asteroid 's corkscrew path is lopsided and on June 10th it will dip within 3.4 million km of Earth , slightly closer than usual .
Earth 's gravity will then give the asteroid the nudge it needs to leave .
" This is a chance to observe one of these asteroids [ on the way out ] , " explains Chodas .
It wo n't be gone forever .
In about 60 years 2003 YN107 will lap Earth again , resuming its role as a temporary , corkscrewing moonlet .
In due course , other coorbitals will do the same .
Each encounter is an opportunity for study -- and possibly profit .
Even the most powerful telescopes cannot see much of these tiny asteroids ; they 're just specks in the eyepiece .
But one day , when the space program is more advanced , it might be possible to visit , explore the moonlets and tap their resources .
" For now , they 're just a curiosity , " says Chodas .
News flash : Earth is about to lose a moon .
More to come .
Source : Science@NASA , by Dr. Tony Phillips
" Increasingly , politicians are seen simply as managers of public life .
But now , they have discovered a new role that restores their power and authority .
Instead of delivering dreams , politicians now promise to protect us from nightmares . "
The Power of Nightmares is the title of a trilogy of one - hour documentaries made by Adam Curtis ( The Mayfair Set ) that aired on BBC2 in the UK in late October of 2004 .
The documentaries trace the histories of American neoconservatism and radical Islamicism ( that is to say , radical political Islam ) .
A politically charged investigation airing in politically charged times , The Power of Nightmares makes some interesting allegations , and a couple of downright shocking ones , too .
It has , of course , drawn criticism from right - leaning pundits and publications , including Rupert Murdoch 's Fox News Channel , and the National Review .
The purpose of this write - up will be to explain the salient points of the documentaries , analyze the presentation of information , and finally look at some of the reactions generated online .
Salient Points
Analysis of presentation of information in The Power of Nightmares
A look at Reactions to The Power of Nightmares
DWORD P_CMP_EQ_B( DWORD a , DWORD b) { DWORD c = a ^ b ; c = ( ( ( c & 0x7f7f7f7 f ) + 0x7f7f7f7f ) | c ) & 0x80808080 ; c |= c - ( c >> 7 ) ; return ~ c ; }
Stadelmaier - Skandal Kulturkampf im Theater
Der Theaterkritiker Gerhard Stadelmaier wertet den Angriff auf seine Person durch den Schauspieler Thomas Lawinky empört als Attacke auf die Presse - und Meinungsfreiheit .
Die Affäre zeigt , wie aus schlechtem Benehmen und verblüffender Dünnhäutigkeit ein veritabler Skandal werden kann .
Book Excerpt Software Maintenance is a Solution , Not a Problem ( An Excerpt from Software Conflict 2.0 ) Excerpted from Software Conflict 2.0 : The Art and Science of Software Engineering , from developer . *
Books ISBN : 0977213307 Pages : 308 Price : $ 29.95 U.S. / UK £ 22.99 Publication Date : March 10 , 2006 Publisher : developer .*
Books March 10 , 2006 20 % Off the Cover Price in the US !
Other Options : Amazon US * Amazon UK * B&N * More
Is software maintenance a problem ?
Today 's standard answer is " You bet it is . "
The standard rationale for that standard answer is " Look how much of our budget we 're putting into software maintenance .
If we 'd only built the software better in the first place , we would n't have to waste all that money on maintenance . "
Well , I want to take the position that this standard answer is wrong .
It 's wrong , I want to say , because the standard rationale is wrong .
The fact of the matter is , software maintenance is n't a problem , it 's a solution !
What we are missing in the traditional view of software as a problem is the special significance of two pieces of information :
The software product is " soft " ( easily changed ) compared to other , " harder , " disciplines .
Software maintenance is far less devoted to fixing errors ( 17 percent ) than to making improvements ( 60 percent ) .
In other words , software maintenance is a solution instead of a problem because in software maintenance we can do something that no one else can do as well , and because when we do it we are usually building new solutions , not just painting over old problems .
If software maintenance is seen as a solution and not as a problem , does that give us some new insight into how to do maintenance better ?
I take the position that it indeed does .
The traditional , problem - oriented view of maintenance says that our chief goal in maintenance should be to reduce costs .
Well , once again , I think that 's the wrong emphasis .
If maintenance is a solution instead of a problem , we can quickly see that what we really want to do is more of it , not less of it .
And the emphasis , when we do it , should be on maximizing effectiveness , and not on minimizing cost .
New vistas are open to us from this new line of thinking .
Once we take our mindset off reducing costs and place it on maximizing effectiveness , what can we do with this new insight ?
The best way to maximize effectiveness is to utilize the best possible people .
There is a lot of data that supports that conclusion .
Much of it is in the " individual differences " literature , where we can see , for example , that some people are significantly better than others at doing software things :
Debugging : some people are 28 times better than others .
Error detection : some people are 7 times better than others .
Productivity : some people are 5 times better than others .
Efficiency : some people are 11 times better than others .
The bottom line of these snapshot views of the individual differences literature is that there is enormous variance between people , and the best way to get the best job done is to get the best people to do it .
This leads us to two follow - on questions :
Does the maintenance problem warrant the use of the best people ?
Do we currently use the best people for doing maintenance ?
The first question is probably harder to answer than the second .
My answer to that first question is " Yes , maintenance is one of the toughest tasks in the software business . "
Let me explain why I feel that way .
Several years ago I coauthored a book on software maintenance .
In the reviewing process , an anonymous reviewer made this comment about maintenance , which I have remembered to this day : Maintenance is : intellectually complex ( it requires innovation while placing severe constraints on the innovator )
technically difficult ( the maintainer must be able to work with a concept and a design and its code all at the same time )
unfair ( the maintainer never gets all the things the maintainer needs .
Take good maintenance documentation , for example )
no - win ( the maintainer only sees people who have problems )
dirty work ( the maintainer must work at the grubby level of detailed coding )
living in the past ( the code was probably written by someone else before they got good at it )
conservative ( the going motto for maintenance is " if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it " )
My bottom line , and the bottom line of this reviewer , is that software maintenance is pretty complex , challenging stuff .
Now , back to the question of who currently does maintenance .
In most computing installations , the people who do maintenance tend to be those who are new on the job or not very good at development .
There 's a reason for that .
Most people would rather do original development than maintenance because maintenance is too constraining to the creative juices for most people to enjoy doing it .
And so by default , the least capable and the least in demand are the ones who most often do maintenance .
If you have been following my line of reasoning here , it should be obvious by now that the status quo is all wrong .
Maintenance is a significant intellectual challenge as well as a solution and not a problem .
If we want to maximize our effectiveness at doing it , then we need to significantly change the way in which we assign people to it .
I have specific suggestions for what needs to be done .
They are not pie - in - the - sky theoretical solutions .
They are very achievable , if management decides that it wants to do them :
Make maintenance a magnet .
Find ways to attract people to the maintenance task .
Some companies do this by paying a premium to maintainers .
Some do this by making maintenance a required stepping stone to upper management .
Some do this by pointing out that the best way to a well - rounded grasp of the institution 's software world is to understand the existing software inventory .
Link maintenance to quality assurance .
( We saw this in the previous essay . )
Plan for improved maintenance technology .
There are now many tools and techniques for doing software maintenance better .
( This has changed dramatically in the last couple of years . )
Training and tools selection and procurement should be high on the concerned maintenance manager 's list of tasks .
Emphasize " responsible programming . "
The maintainer typically works alone .
The best way to maximize the effectiveness of this kind of worker is to make them feel responsible for the quality of what they do .
Note that this is the opposite of the now - popular belief in " egoless programming , " where we try to divest the programmer 's personal involvement in the final software product in favor of a team involvement .
It is vital that the individual maintainer be invested in the quality of the software product if that product is to continue to be of high quality .
There they are ... four simple steps to better software maintenance .
But note that each of those steps involves changing a traditional software mindset .
The transition is technically easy , but it may not be socially or politically quite so easy .
Most people are heavily invested in their traditional way of looking at things .
If we are to get there at all , however , there is one vital first step which must be taken .
It is the step that started off this essay .
We must see that software maintenance is a solution , not a problem .
If we agree to that , then we have opened the door to profound changes in how we software people do our business .
Think about it .
### Copyright ©2006 , Robert L. Glass .
Published by developer .*
Books .
Purchase direct from the publisher at 20 % Off the Cover Price in the US !
Or purchase from Robert L. Glass held his first job in computing in 1954 .
Author of over 25 books , he is one of the true pioneers of the software field .
He is the editor and publisher of The Software Practitioner , and also writes regular columns for Communications of the ACM and IEEE Software .
In 1995 he was awarded an honorary Ph.D. from Linkoping University of Sweden , and in 1999 he was named a Fellow of the ACM professional society .
His unique viewpoint and timeless writings have for decades offered insights to practitioners , managers , professors , entrepreneurs , researchers , and students alike .
Or purchase from Amazon US Amazon UK , or wherever books are sold .
Order Now !
Gerald M. Weinberg
 Over the years , in the software business , there have only been a handful of writers consistently worth listening to .
Bob Glass is one of these rare individuals .
If you care about your profession , listen to what he has to say . 
Software Conflict 2.0
Glass presents insights from some of the timeless debates between the sharpest practitioners and researchers in the field . 
Karl E. Wiegers , Principal Consultant at Process Impact , author of Software Requirements , 2nd Edition  Robert Glass has spent decades as an astute observer of the software industry .
InGlass presents insights from some of the timeless debates between the sharpest practitioners and researchers in the field .
 He brings rare gifts to our profession : intelligence , knowledge , insight , a keenly critical eye , and a shining honesty ... Robert L. Glass is a wise man in a field critically short of substance and long on hype . 
 Edmund Arranga  The Mark Twain of the computer industry . 
 Doug King  Entertaining , informative , and thought - provoking ... There is food for thought for everyone , and if the book stirs controversy , then I suspect it has achieved its purpose . 
 Professor Daniel E. Cooke , International Journal of Software Engineering and Knowledge Engineering
Andrew Hunt , from the Foreword  Bob 's essays focus on the realities facing practitioners .
 The author has the knack for getting to the essence of an issue and offers many novel insights ... lucid and witty .
 Don Chand , Computing Reviews Facts About Bob Glass A 50 + year veteran software practitioner and researcher Author or editor of over 25 books and over 90 professional papers Author of regular columns in IEEE Software and Communications of the ACM A Fellow of the ACM professional society The Software Practitioner newsletter .
Editor and publisher ofnewsletter .
Editor Emeritus of the Journal of Systems and Software Learn More About Robert L. Glass Learn More About developer .*
Books
Test Smarter , Not Harder
Introduction : Complexity Leads to Futility
Imagine we are developing a web page for customizing a laptop purchase .
If you 've never configured a laptop online before , take a look at Dell 's " customize it " page for an entry level laptop .
The web page presents eleven questions to the user that have from two to seven responses each .
The user has to choose from two options in the first control , two in the second , and so on .
The user has seven possible choices for the last control .
When we look at all of the controls combined , the user has to make ( 2,2,2,2,2,3,2,2,3,4,7 ) choices .
This is a simple configuration problem .
The number of possible laptop configurations that could be requested by the user is the product of all of the choices .
In this very simple page , there are 32,256 possibilities .
At the time of this writing , the page for customizing Dell 's high - end laptop has a not dissimilar set of controls , with more choices in each control : ( 3, 3, 3, 2,4,2,4,2,2,3,7,4,4 ) .
The user of this page can request any of 2,322,432 different laptop configurations !
If Dell were to add one more control presenting five different choices , there would be over ten million possible combinations !
Creating a test suite that tries all two million combinations for a high end laptop could be automated , but even if every test took one tenth of second to run , the suite would take over 64 hours !
Dell changes their product offerings in less time than that .
Then again , if we use a server farm to distribute the test suite across ten machines we could run it in about 6 hours .
Ignoring the fact that we would be running this type of test for each customization page Dell has , 6 hours is not unreasonable .
Validating the two million results is where the really big problem is waiting for us .
We can't rely on people to manually validate all of the outputs–it is just too expensive .
We could write another program , which inspects those outputs and evaluates them using a rules - based system ( " If the user selects 1GB of RAM , then the configuration must include 1GB of RAM " and " The price for the final system must be adjusted by the price - impact of 1GB of RAM relative to the base system price for this model . " )
There are some good rules - based validation tools out there , but they are either custom software , or so general as to require a large investment to make them applicable to a particular customer .
With a rules - based inspection system , we have the cost of maintaining the rules .
The validation rules are going to have to be updated regularly , as Dell changes the way they position , configure , and price their laptops .
Since we are n't Dell , we do n't have the scale ( billions of dollars of revenue ) to justify this level of investment .
The bottom line for us is that we can't afford to exhaustively test every combination .
Dell 's shareholders require them to grow their business , and these configuration pages are the vehicle by which Dell generates billions of dollars in revenue .
They have to test it .
The cost of errors ( crashes , lost sales , mis-priced items , invalid combinations of features ) is too high .
With this level of risk , the cost of not testing ( the cost of poor quality ) is extremely high .
We Can't Afford to Test It
I was able to attend a training session with Kent Beck a few years ago .
I was also honored to be able to enjoy a large steak and some cold beer with him that night after the training .
When asked how he responds to people who complain about the cost of quality , Kent told us he has a very simple answer : " If testing costs more than not testing then do n't do it . "
I agree .
There are few situations where the cost of quality exceeds the cost of poor quality .
These are situations where the needed infrastructure , test - development time , and maintenance costs outweigh the expected cost of having a bug .
( The " expected cost " is the likelihood ( as a percentage ) of the bug manifesting in the field , multiplied by the cost of dealing with the bug . )
The techniques described in this article are designed to reduce the cost of quality , to make it even less likely that " not testing " is the best answer .
Just Test Everything , It 's Automated !
Two " solutions " that we have to consider are to test nothing and to test everything .
We would consider testing nothing if we can't afford to test the software .
When people do n't appreciate the complexities of testing or the limitations of automated testing , they are inclined to want to " test everything . "
Testing everything is much easier said than done .
Have you ever been on a project where the manager said something like , " I demand full testing coverage of the software .
Our policy is zero tolerance .
We wo n't have bad quality on my watch . " ?
What we struggle with here is the lack of appreciation for what it means to have " full coverage " or any other guarantee of a particular defect rate .
There are no absolutes in a sufficiently complex system–but that 's ok .
There are statistics , confidence levels , and risk - management plans .
As engineers and software developers , our brains are wired to deal with the expected , likely , and probable futures .
We have to help our less - technical brethren understand these concepts–or at least put them in perspective .
We may get asked , " Why ca n't we just test every combination of inputs to make sure we get the right outputs ?
We have an automated test suite–just fill it up and run it ! "
We need to resist the urge to respond by saying , " Monkeys with typewriters will have completed the works of Shakespeare before we finish a single run of our test suite ! "
Solving the Problem
There are a lot of applications that have millions or billons of combinations of inputs .
They have automated testing .
They have solutions to this problem .
We just finished discussing how impractical it is to test exhaustively , so how do companies test their complex software ?
In the rest of the article , we will explore the following approaches to solving the problem .
Random sampling
Pairwise testing
N - wise testing
We will also explore the impact that changing the order of operations has on our testing approach , and the methods for testing when the sequence matters .
Random Sampling
Early on in the software testing world , someone realized that by randomly checking different combinations of inputs , they would eventually find the bugs .
Imagine software that has one million possible combinations of inputs ( half as complex as our previous example ) .
Each random sample would give us 0.000001 % coverage of all possible user sessions .
If we run 1,000 tests , we would still only have 0.001 % coverage of the application .
Thankfully , statistics can help us make statements about our quality levels .
But we can't use " coverage " as our key measurement of quality .
We have to think about things a little bit differently .
What we want to do is express a level of confidence about a level of quality .
We need to determine the sample size , or number of tests , that we need to run to make a statistical statement about the quality of the application .
First we define a quality goal–we want to assure that our software is 99 % bug free .
That means that up to 1 % of the user sessions would exhibit a bug .
To be 100 % confident that this statement is true , we would need to test at least 99 % of the possible user sessions , or over 990,000 tests .
By adding a level of confidence to our analysis , we can use sampling ( selecting a subset of the whole , and extrapolating those results as being characteristic of the whole ) to describe the quality of our software .
We will leverage the mathematical work that has been developed to determine how to run polls .
We define our goal to be that we have 99 % confidence that the software is 99 % bug free .
The 99 % level of confidence means that if we ran our sample repeatedly , 99 % of the time , the results would be within the margin of error .
Since our goal is 99 % bug free code , we will test for 100 % passing of tests , with a 1 % margin of error .
How many samples do we need , if there are one million combinations , to identify the level of quality with a 99 % confidence , and a 1 % margin of error ?
The math for this is readily available , and calculators for determining sample size are online and free .
Using this polling approach , we find that the number of samples we require to determine the quality level with a 1 % error and 99 % confidence is 16,369 .
If we test 16,369 user sessions and find 100 % success , we have established a 99 % confidence that our quality is at least at a 99 % level .
We only have 99 % quality , because we have found 100 % quality in our tests , with a 1 % margin of error .
This approach scales for very large numbers of combinations .
Consider the following table , where our goal is to establish 99 % confidence in a 99 % quality level .
Each row in the following table represents an increasingly complex software application .
Complexity is defined as the number of unique combinations of possible inputs ) .
We can see that the very few additional tests have to be run to achieve the same level of quality for increasingly complex software .
When we have a modest quality goal , such as 99/99 ( 99 % confidence in 99 % quality ) , this approach is very effective .
Where this approach does n't scale well is with increasing levels of quality .
Consider the quest for " five nines " ( 99.999 % bug free code ) .
With each increase in the desired level of quality , the number of tests we have to run grows .
It quickly becomes an almost exhaustive test suite .
Each row in the following table represents an increasingly stringent quality requirement , with the complexity of the software staying constant at one million possible input combinations .
The random sampling approach does not provide a benefit over exhaustive testing when our quality goals are high .
Pairwise Testing of Input Variables
Studies have shown that bugs in software tend to be the results of the combination of variables , not individual variables .
This passes our " gut- check " since we know that conscientious developers will test their code .
What slips through the cracks is overlooked combinations of inputs , not individual inputs .
Consider a very simple laptop configuration page , having three selectable controls : CPU , Memory , and Storage .
Each control has three possible values as shown in the table below .
We successfully pass tests of each of the different values available in the CPU control .
However , we discover that our test fails if the user selects a CPU value of " Consumer " and selects a Storage value of " Huge " .
This highlights an unknown dependency between the CPI and Storage controls .
Pair - wise testing is designed to get coverage of every possible combination of two variables , without testing every possible combination of all the variables .
For this example , there are 27 unique combinations of all of the selections .
The following table shows the first 9 combinations .
An additional 9 combinations are needed for each of the other CPU selections .
Exhaustive pair - wise testing will make sure that every unique combination of any two variables will be covered .
The next table shows the combinations for this example .
With just 9 tests , we are able to exhaustively cover every unique pair of CPU and Memory , CPU and Storage , and Memory and Storage .
Pair - wise testing allows us to get full coverage of the combinations of every two variables , with a minimal number of tests .
Pair - wise testing not only gives us full coverage of every pair of values , it also gives us ( redundant ) coverage of every single value for each control .
If we look back at our previous examples of laptop - configuration , we can calculate the numbers of tests required to get full pair - wise coverage .
For the entry level laptop configurator , there are 32,256 possible unique combinations of inputs .
We can test every unique combination of two variables with 31 tests .
For the high - end laptop configurator , there are 2,322,432 unique combinations of inputs .
We can test every unique combination of two variables with 36 tests .
N-wise Testing
The concept of pair - wise testing can be extended to N - wise testing –looking at every combination of N possible inputs .
This is a simple extension of the idea behind pairwise testing .
Good developers will catch the bugs caused by the combination of two variables .
Even the best developers will overlook the three - variable ( or four or more variable ) combinations .
The following table shows how many tests are required to get full coverage of each N - wise combination of inputs for both the low - end and high - end laptops configurators .
This is a much more manageable situation .
Exhaustive coverage required us to use 2.3 million tests , where using N - wise testing with N=3 , yields only 179 tests !
Existing studies have consistently shown that N=3 creates on the order of 90 % code coverage with test suites , although the number will vary from application to application .
We will use N=3 , based on practical experience that N=4 tests rarely uncover bugs that were missed with N=3 .
This approach only works when users are forced to enter values in a proscribed sequence and in cases where the sequence of entry is irrelevant .
This set of tests wo n't give us representative coverage of what the users will do when they are allowed to make selections in arbitrary but relevant order .
If order does n't matter for us ( for example , most API signatures have a fixed order , and many websites will process multiple inputs in a batch ) , then we have our desired methodology .
Order Relevance and Statistical Testing
There 's been an assumption implicit in all of our calculations so far : that the order of selection in the controls is irrelevant .
The available N - wise test calculation tools do not incorporate order of selection in their permutations –explicitly , they assume a fixed order of operations .
When we test an API we have control over the order of processing –there are a fixed number of arguments , in a fixed order .
People , however , do not always interact with the controls in a fixed order .
And web service architectures may not be able to depend upon a predetermined sequence of events .
With 5 controls in an interface , we have 5 ! ( factorial ) or 120 possible sequences in which selections can be made by a person .
Although the user interface may incorporate dynamic filtering that prevents some subsets of out - of - sequence selection , N - wise testing is blackbox testing , and will not have access to that information .
For an interface with M possible controls , each script created by an N - wise test generator will have to be tested in M! sequences to get exhaustive coverage .
If the controls are split across multiple screens , then we can reduce the number of sequences .
For example , if there are 5 controls on the first screen , and five controls on the next screen , instead of considering 10 ! ( 3.6 million sequences ) , we can consider all first - screen - sequences in combination with all second - screen sequences ( 5 ! * 5 ! = 120 * 120 = 14,400 script sequences ) .
In our example laptop configurators , there are 11 and 13 controls ( all on the same page ) for the low - end and high - end laptops respectively .
This would imply 11 ! and 13 !
possible sequences ( 40 million and 6 billion ) .
We do not need to do exhaustive coverage of the sequencing permutations .
An N - wise test is specifically analyzing the interdependence of any combination of N controls .
As a lower - bound , we would only need N! sequences for each generated script .
So our 179 - script suite for the high - end laptop ( with N=3 ) would need 3 !
( 6 ) * 179 = 1,074 scripts to cover the product .
Here 's the table for the lower - bound of scripts required to account for different values of N for both laptop - configurators .
This is a lower bound , because it assumes a perfect efficiency in combining unique sequences of each group of N controls .
Existing N - wise testing tools do not ( to the author 's knowledge ) take order of operations into account .
For N=2 , this is trivial–just duplicate the set of tests , in the exact reverse order .
We can take order of operations into account by treating the sequence as an additional input .
We use the mathematical formula " X choose Y " which tells us the number of different combinations of Y values from a set of X values .
The formula for calculating " X choose Y " is X !/( Y !*( X - Y ) ! ) where X is the number of inputs and Y is the dimension of the desired N - wise test .
Here 's the table of the number of combinations for each N , for both the low - end and high - end laptop configuration screens we 've been discussing .
Here are the values , generally , for varying numbers of inputs .
We would then calculate the N - wise testing using a value of N+1 as an input to the test - generation tool , and include the number of unique sequences as if it were a control input .
Unfortunately , we do n't have a solver capable of handling single dimensions larger than 52 .
This limits our ability to create a test suite for N=3 to a maximum of 7 controls .
To show the impact of sequencing on the test suite , consider an interface with 7 controls , each having 5 possible values .
N=3 would require 236 tests if order is irrelevant .
We then include sequence of selection as a parameter ( by adding an 8th control with 35 possible values , and testing for N=4 ) ,
In this case , N=3 ( with sequencing ) requires 8,442 scripts .
Our theoretical lower bound would be 236 * 35 = 8260 .
How to Make it Even Better
When we do n't know anything , or do n't apply any knowledge about our application to our testing strategy , we end up with far too many tests .
By applying knowledge of the application to our test design we can greatly reduce the size of our test suite .
Tests that incorporate knowledge of the application being tested are known as whitebox tests .
Map out the control dependencies
In our previous examples , we applied no knowledge of the interactions of controls , or the interactions within the program of having made selections in the controls .
If we consider a visual map of the controls and their possible relationships , it would look like the following diagram .
There is a possibly - relevant connection between the selections in every pair of controls .
We have designed our testing around the lack of knowledge that is clearly visible in the diagram .
It is likely that we can rule out some of the dependencies , but possibly not all of them .
Our approach should be conservative ; only remove those dependencies that we know do n't exist .
This knowledge comes from an understanding of the underlying application .
Once we remove these links the diagram will look like this :
This clarified mapping allows us to reduce the size of our test suite dramatically , because we 've identified the independence of many controls .
In an ideal case , the result will be two or more completely disconnected graphs , and we can build a set of tests for our suite around each separate graph .
As the diagram above shows , we do not have two completely independent graphs .
We can take a testing approach as shown in the following diagram :
We 've grouped all of the controls on the left in a blue box .
These controls will be used with the N - wise generation tool to create a set of tests .
The grouping of controls on the right will also be used to generate a set of tests .
In this example , we reduce the number of tests required by a significant amount when order matters .
Also note that we increase the number of tests required when order does n't matter , if we have any overlapping controls ( if the graphs can't be separated ) .
When the graphs can be separated , this reduces the amount of testing even if order is irrelevant .
The key to separating the graphs is to make sure that all controls only connect to other controls within their region ( including the overlapping region ) .
Eliminate Equivalent Values from the Inputs
When we know how the code is implemented , or have insights into the requirements , we can further reduce the scope of testing by eliminating equivalent values .
Consider the following example requirements for an application :
The next table shows two variables that we are evaluating in our testing–imagine that they are controls in a user interface ( or values imported from an external system ) .
If we did a pairwise test suite without knowledge of the requirements , we would have 18 tests to evaluate .
We get 18 tests by finding all of the unique combinations of the two controls ( 6 order - quantity values * 3 account status values = 18 combinations ) .
However , with knowledge of the requirements , we can identify that some of the values are equivalent .
The highlighted regions represent equivalent values ( with respect to the requirements ) .
Which we can collapse for testing purposes into :
This consolidation of equivalent values reduces the number of tests we need to run .
For our simple pairwise test , we reduce the number from 18 to 12 .
The number is reduced because now we have 4 order - quantity values * 3 account status values = 12 combinations .
When there are more controls involved , and when we are doing N - wise testing with N=3 , the impact is much more significant .
Conclusion
When we 're testing any software , we are faced with the tradeoff of cost and benefit of testing .
With complex software , the costs of testing can grow faster than the benefits of testing .
If we apply techniques like the ones in this article , we can dramatically reduce the cost of testing our software .
This is what we mean when we say test smarter , not harder .
Summarizing the techniques covered in this article :
We can test very complex software without doing exhaustive testing .
Random sampling is a common technique , but falls short of high quality goals–very good quality requires very high quantities of tests .
Pairwise testing allows us to test very complex software with a small number of tests , and reasonable ( on the order of 90 % ) code coverage .
This also falls short of high - quality goals , but is very effective for lower expectations .
N - wise testing with N=3 provides high quality capable test suites , but at the expense of larger suites .
When the order of inputs into the software matters , N - wise approaches become limited in the number of variables they can support ( fewer than 10 ) , due to limitations of test - generation tools available today .
We can apply knowledge of the underlying software and requirements to improve our testing strategy .
None of the previous techniques require knowledge of the application , and thus rely on brute force to assure coverage .
This approach results in conceptually redundant tests in the suite .
By mapping out the grid of interdependency between inputs and subdividing the testing into multiple areas we reduce the number of tests in our suite .
By removing redundant or equivalent values from the test suite we also reduce the number of tests required to achieve high quality .
Testing smarter , not harder .
###
Continued Reading
The following articles from the author 's Tyner Blain blog were referenced in this article .
Software Testing Series : Measuring the Cost of Quality
Definition of Expected Value
Software Testing Series : Pairwise Testing
Foundation Series : Black Box and White Box Software Testing
Software Testing Series : Black Box vs White Box Testing
Patient 's survival bad for business By Deborah Feyerick
CNN
M. Smith , who asked CNN to shield her identity , tells Deborah Feyerick about the battle over her insurance premiums .
RELATED YOUR E-MAIL ALERTS AIDS ( Disease ) Health Insurance or or Create Your Own PHILADELPHIA , Pennsylvania ( CNN ) -- When M. Smith learned she had AIDS in the early 1990's , she figured it was a death sentence .
" It was mind - numbing , " Smith says .
She was 35 , healthy , and never suspected that an ex-boyfriend , who died years earlier of AIDS related complications , had infected her .
Smith , who also had cancer at the time , says her prognosis gave her less than two years to live .
So , she started to get her affairs in order .
One day , flipping through a magazine for HIV - positive people , Smith , who asked we shield her identity , saw an ad offering to buy her $ 150,000 life insurance policy .
Smith had no children and no husband .
According to the contract she signed , the company , Life Partners , would pay her $ 90,000 up front , and cover her combined life and health insurance premiums if she lived longer than two years .
When she died , the company would collect the full value of the policy , potentially a windfall profit of more than 60 percent , depending on when Smith died .
That was 12 years ago .
Smith is still alive , and the company has paid out $ 100,000 in premiums , according to Smith 's attorneys .
But Smith and her lawyers also claim that over the years , Life Partners has been trying to get out of its contract , claiming Smith should pay her own health premiums and at one point sending a letter saying , " The investors ... are no longer willing to support the cost of your health insurance . "
In a letter to Smith this past August , the day her premium was due , Life Partners demanded she pay the money herself .
Because Smith just turned 50 , her health premiums jumped to $ 29,000 a year , money the self - employed woman does not have .
Without that insurance , she says she will not be able to afford the pricey AIDS medicines keeping her alive .
Smith 's lawyer , Jacob Cohn says , what Life Partners is trying to do is " the moral equivalent of trying to tie her to the railroad tracks . "
He is fighting to force the company to guarantee annual payment , or to put aside a lump sum so she can pay the premiums herself .
Life Partners would not speak to CNN , referring us to court documents .
The company president recently signed an affidavit saying the company would pay Smith 's health insurance premiums , admitting there was a " contractual obligation " to do so .
Smith 's lawyer says he's wary because in the past Life Partners has threatened to abandon the contract and let the policy lapse .
Smith says those threats jeopardize her piece of mind and undermine her efforts to stay healthy .
Although she was treated for AIDS - related cancer more than a dozen years ago , she has not had any other opportunistic infections or been hospitalized because of her condition .
While there is no cure for AIDS , the new medications are extremely effective at staving off disease .
Ronda Goldfein of the AIDS Law Project in Pennsylvania said companies like Life Partners never considered the possibility AIDS might not be a sure bet .
" In the early '90 's people were dying .
They 'd get diagnosed , there was n't any good treatment and they would die .
And all of a sudden in the midst of all that ... there 's this revolution in AIDS care and people are living longer . "
According to court filings , Life Partners is starting to pay out hundreds of thousands of dollars on contracts they negotiated prior to 1998 , money that 's likely to cut into investor profits .
As for M. Smith , the man who infected her died 20 years ago .
She 's still going strong .
And what if she lives to 70 ?
" It 's a great thing , " she says , " a great thing . "
Home Page
Get up - to - the minute news from CNN CNN.com gives you the latest stories and video from the around the world , with in - depth coverage of U.S. news , politics , entertainment , health , crime , tech and more .
Home Page
Get up - to - the minute news from CNN CNN.com gives you the latest stories and video from the around the world , with in - depth coverage of U.S. news , politics , entertainment , health , crime , tech and more .
Area of Practice Divorce Family Law Criminal Law Bankruptcy Immigration Real Estate Personal Injury Medical Malpractice Wills and Probate Employment Law Business Law Civil Rights Child Custody Intellectual Property Automobile Accidents General Practice Other
City : State AK AL AR AZ CA CO CT DC DE FL GA GU HI IA ID IL IN KS KY LA MA MD ME MI MN MO MS MT NC ND NE NH NJ NM NV NY OH OK OR PA RI SC SD TN TX UT VA VT WA WI WV WY --- AB BC MB NB NF NS NW ON PE QU SK YT
I recently spent time in Ireland , which has quietly become the second - richest country in the E.U. , first by going through some severe belt - tightening that meant everyone had to sacrifice , then by following that with a plan to upgrade the education of its entire work force , and a strategy to recruit and induce as many global high - tech companies and researchers as possible to locate in Ireland .
The Irish have a plan .
They are focused .
They have mobilized business , labor and government around a common agenda .
They are playing offense .
Would n't you think that if you were president , after you 'd read the umpteenth story about premier U.S. companies , like Intel and Apple , building their newest factories , and even research facilities , in China , India or Ireland , that you 'd summon the top U.S. business leaders to Washington to ask them just one question : " What do we have to do so you will keep your best jobs here ?
Make me a list and I will not rest until I get it enacted . "
And if you were president , and you had just seen more suicide bombs in London , would n't you say to your aides : " We have got to reduce our dependence on Middle East oil .
We have to do it for our national security .
We have to do it because only if we bring down the price of crude will these countries be forced to reform .
And we should want to do it because it is clear that green energy solutions are the wave of the future , and the more quickly we impose a stringent green agenda on ourselves , the more our companies will lead innovation in these technologies . "
Instead , we are about to pass an energy bill that , while it does contain some good provisions , will make no real dent in our gasoline consumption , largely because no one wants to demand that Detroit build cars that get much better mileage .
We are just feeding Detroit the rope to hang itself .
It 's assisted suicide .
I thought people went to jail for that ?
And if you were president , would you really say to the nation , in the face of the chaos in Iraq , that " if our commanders on the ground say we need more troops , I will send them , " but that they had not asked ?
It is not what the generals are asking you , Mr. President -- it is what you are asking them , namely : " What do you need to win ? "
Because it is clear we are not winning , and we are not winning because we have never made Iraq a secure place where normal politics could emerge .
Glaeser first began to think about how real estate fit into this urban order a few years ago , after he spent some time looking at the effects of skills and sprawl on cities .
While Glaeser seems able to turn out academic papers at an astonishing pace -- he almost always writes at home , so he can smoke cigars while he types -- it sometimes takes years for him and his collaborators to assemble the data and equations used to support his ideas .
In addition to his urban research , Glaeser has written on voting behavior , hatred , poverty and public health ; a few years ago , with David Cutler , he wrote a widely discussed paper that looked at why Americans are becoming so obese .
( They attributed it partly to the microwave oven . )
Yet urban subjects have consumed most of Glaeser 's time and attention .
In the late 1990's , he began thinking less about incorporeal forces like human capital and consumerism and more about the physical nature of places -- buildings , roads , buses -- and what kind of effect that had on a metropolitan area .
In 2000 , Glaeser took a sabbatical from Harvard and began to spend a few days a week in Philadelphia working with Joseph Gyourko , a real - estate economist at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania .
Glaeser had already been thinking about the relationship between housing and urban poverty when one day he and Gyourko began to discuss why cities like Philadelphia and Detroit -- places with poor future prospects , both economists believed -- were n't doing even worse in terms of population .
Why did n't everyone leave , Gyourko wondered , and go to a place like Charlotte , N.C. , that had a fast - growing economy ?
This question addresses a puzzle of urban economics .
Cities ( think of Las Vegas or Phoenix ) can grow at a very fast rate , exploding overnight with businesses and residents .
Some can increase in population by 50 or even 60 percent in a decade .
But cities lose their residents very slowly and almost never at a pace of more than 10 percent in a decade .
What 's more , when cities grow , they expand significantly in population , but housing prices tend to rise slowly ; even as Las Vegas grew by leaps and bounds in the 1990's , for instance , the average home there cost well under $ 200,000 .
When cities decline , however , the trends get flipped around .
Population diminishes slowly , but housing prices tend to drop markedly .
Glaeser and Gyourko determined that the durable nature of housing itself explains this phenomenon .
People can flee , but houses can take a century or more to finally fall to pieces .
" These places still exist , " Glaeser says of Detroit and St. Louis , " because the housing is permanent .
And if you want to understand why they 're poor , it 's actually also in part because the housing is permanent . "
For Glaeser , this is the story not only of these two places but also of Buffalo , Baltimore , Cleveland , Philadelphia and Pittsburgh -- the powerhouse cities of America in 1950 that consistently and inexorably lost population over the next 50 years .
It is not just that there were poor people and the jobs left and the poor people were stuck there .
" Thousands of poor come to Detroit each year and live in places that are cheaper than any other place to live in part because they 've got durable housing still around , " Glaeser says .
The net population of Detroit usually decreases each year , in other words , but the city still attracts plenty of people drawn by its extreme affordability .
As Gyourko points out , in the year 2000 the median house price in Philadelphia was $ 59,700 ; in Detroit , it was $ 63,600 .
Those prices are well below the actual construction costs of the homes .
" To build them new , it would cost at least $ 80,000 , " Gyourko says , " so there 's no builder who would build those today .
And as long as those houses remain , the people remain . "
The resulting paper , " Urban Decline and Durable Housing , " caused a stir among urban economists even before its publication last year .
( It was initially circulated with a subtitle along the lines of " Why Does Anyone Still Live in Detroit ? " until the authors , thinking it politically insensitive , removed it . )
In addition to illuminating some of the forces shaping our poorest cities , the research proved to Glaeser that it is impossible to think about urban economies without thinking of urban buildings at the same time .
Meanwhile , it demonstrated to him how useful it can be to consider the relationship between actual construction costs and the market price of homes .
That lesson seemed to apply not only to declining cities but also to places with extraordinary price appreciation , like the San Francisco or Boston metro areas .
How could homes in these places be priced so much higher than construction costs ?
And why did the prices keep going up ?
Glaeser has come to believe that changes in zoning regulations may be the most important transformation in the American real - estate market since the mass acceptance of the automobile .
In his view , these regulations have essentially created a " zoning tax " that has pushed prices far above construction costs .
Very , very far above construction costs .
It is not a perspective shared by all housing analysts ; some economists have been far more inclined to blame high prices on high demand ( spurred by low interest rates ) or on rampant speculation .
Others agree with Glaeser in emphasizing supply but not necessarily fixing on zoning .
Karl Case , for instance , an economist at Wellesley College who counts himself a fan of Glaeser 's , agrees that lack of supply has led to steep prices in the Boston area , but he attributes the housing shortage not just to zoning but also to the nature of the construction business and the scarcity of large desirable tracts of land .
Still , among the half - dozen leading economists who study housing supply , there seems to be wide agreement that regulations have had a tremendous effect on prices .
" I think the evidence is overwhelming , " says John Quigley , an urban economist at Berkeley who has looked specifically at the effects of regulation on the California market .
As Glaeser says : " It 's so easy to forget the world that we were living in around 1970 , when basically almost all of the value of houses was in the physical infrastructure .
That was actually the cost .
There was some land , and it was worth something , but it was n't worth more than 20 percent of the value of the house . "
Even in New York City , Glaeser says , the price of an apartment back then was essentially the cost of building the next floor .
In researching New York City 's housing prices , in fact , Glaeser and Gyourko discovered that over the past 30 years , the average height of new residential buildings in Manhattan decreased in size .
" That 's crazy , " he insists , especially in light of how much the demand to live in New York has increased .
" You know , if prices in Manhattan are skyrocketing , you should be building more and more at 50 stories , rather than at 30 .
Not the reverse . "
So is it his contention that Manhattan could build far more than it has recently ?
" Oh , for sure , " he says .
" Technologically ?
Certainly .
No reason why you could n't . "
Let 's go back to Manhattan in the 1920's , Glaeser says .
" New York in the 1920's is a pretty developed place , a pretty mature place .
But they 're producing a hundred thousand units a year .
They 're tearing up swaths of Manhattan and building higher buildings . "
That would be legally and politically impossible today , but as he and Gyourko see things , it is precisely those legal and political roadblocks to " tearing up " the city that have made the place so expensive .
Actually , in 2004 , the two men took a close look at Manhattan and estimated that one half or more of the value of condominiums in the borough could be thought of as arising from some type of regulatory constraint preventing the construction of new housing .
The data for co-ops ( because of their ownership structure ) was more difficult to interpret , but Glaeser and Gyourko suspect that their estimates probably apply to the Manhattan market as a whole .
Apple 's chief executive Steve Jobs , the man behind the iPod phenomenon , gives an exclusive interview to Bobbie Johnson about his drive to make technology simple
In a parallel world , Steve Jobs could have been a poker player with a reputation as a cool hand .
After three decades at the top table of technology , all the required skills are there : patience , self - belief , bravado - and , most importantly , the ability to ride a streak of luck .
" Some people thought we got really lucky with the iPod , and we did , " says Jobs .
But , he adds , real winners do n't just enjoy the breaks , they exploit them .
It is necessary to stay on top , especially when everybody 's out to get you .
As he puts it : " We have world - class competitors trying to kill us . "
So far , the competition is not doing a great job .
Apple 's hand in the home computer market might be weak , but it holds all the cards in digital music .
Thanks to phenomenal sales of the iPod over the past few years , the company is at an all - time high and its dominance of music downloading is almost total .
More than 6 m iPods were shipped in the past three months , underpinned by a pervasive marketing campaign and growing consumer awareness .
No wonder , then , that Jobs is in confident mood .
Dressed in the regulation outfit of a Californian intellectual - black , black and more black - he is upbeat about the future of Apple , the company he founded almost 30 years ago in his parents ' garage .
He believes that central to the company 's success is Apple 's vision - his vision - of making technology simple .
" There 's a very strong DNA within Apple , and that 's about taking state - of - the - art technology and making it easy for people , " he says .
Jobs 's targets are busy , modern consumers ; " people who do n't want to read manuals , people who live very busy lives " .
Ultimate salesman
There are certainly a large number who buy into that concept .
But while many are drawn in by the slick advertising and fashionable branding , those who stick around are often motivated by the man himself .
On stage , and with an audience to play with , Jobs is the ultimate salesman .
His speeches are famous for generating the " reality distortion field " , a sense of devotion to the cause that most rival technology bosses would kill for .
Some fans will go wild for each new product that Jobs delivers , and his enthusiasm and charisma pour out across the stage .
In person , though , he is quiet , determined and relatively inscrutable .
It is as if the qualities that make him a great showman turn inside out when put under the magnifying glass ; a bluff worthy of any hardened Las Vegas gambler .
Despite his value on stage , Jobs did not make a keynote speech at Apple 's annual Paris expo earlier this week , and for one simple reason : there was nothing new to announce .
The company had unveiled its autumn product , the iPod nano , two weeks before .
The other big news , the iTunes - compatible ROKR phone from Motorola , is being re-aligned as little more than a test run .
Jobs blames speculative media interest for imagining it was anything more than " dipping our toes in the water " .
Apart from nano - which , as a replacement for the best - selling iPod mini , is a major move for the company - Apple 's cupboard is fairly bare .
It is a low point in the product cycle , with much of the behind - the - scenes work focusing on the Intel - based computers due next summer .
But new iPods are on the way , and Jobs promises " a lot of new things in the pipeline " .
This relative downtime is giving Jobs a chance to promote Apple itself , and the company 's wider beliefs .
It is an important time : while the long - standing computer business remains just as important as the newer focus on music - he wonders whether anyone would ask which of his children was more important to him - it is clear that Apple is changing .
Lifestyle brand
At the centre of it all , Apple is now a lifestyle brand , rather than a technology company .
Each iPod comes inscribed with the words " designed in California " , a seemingly throwaway statement that gives a fundamental insight into the company 's outlook .
The message is straightforward : we are innovators , we are cool , we are friendly .
It 's an extended new age mantra that betrays Apple 's west coast roots and has proved crucial to its image - both good and bad - over the years .
Remaining friendly in the eyes of consumers is at the heart of Apple 's motivations .
Green issues , for example , are becoming a real concern .
With so many units being shifted across the world , like many other computer firms , Apple has come under increasing scrutiny about its environmental policies .
Jobs is clear that reducing the footprint of products is important , but it should , he feels , be put into context .
" One automobile is , I 'm sure , greater in impact than 100,000 iPods , " he says .
" The one part of consumer electronics that you have to worry about is the battery .
I 'm glad we got rid of cathode ray tubes , because they were horrible , full of lead .
Flat displays are much better .
The batteries ... you have to watch .
But you can bring your iPod into an Apple store and get it recycled , and we run a battery replacement scheme .
" Even our packaging reflects these concerns .
It is dramatically smaller these days , and we have removed styrofoam and such things . "
The image might be soft , but it is clear that nobody gets to be the chief executive of such a large company without a killer instinct .
Part of the Jobs mystique is that he simply does n't give up .
He bounced back from a boardroom fight that saw him leave the firm in 1985 , returning triumphantly in 1997 .
He also bounced back from a financial and commercial precipice , launching a series of iconic products including the iMac and iPod .
And he even bounced back from death , beating a rare form of pancreatic cancer last year .
Ease of use might be in Apple 's DNA , but there is grit and determination in there as well .
There is a cruelty , too , about the dismissive way in which the company treats its fresh lineup of competitors , or the way Jobs relates to those he disagrees with .
Part of it is executive braggadocio , of course , but there are clearly subjects - and people - he does n't like .
Questions about his feelings on hackers attempting to " improve " Apple 's operating system , for example , are batted away with a wide - eyed stare .
" You 're asking me whether theft is a good idea ? " he responds , incredulously .
" If people want to change our software , then they should come to work at Apple ...
We might choose to give it away , but it should be our choice to make . "
Shrewd politician
It 's clear that ownership is important to Jobs .
He might not own Apple , but as the public face of the company he does lay claim to the firm 's image , and understands the necessity of being seen as " the good guy " .
For instance , when it is suggested that record labels might look to increase their income by bumping up the price of iTunes downloads , he brings in the spectre of illegal downloading .
" Music companies make more money when they sell a song on iTunes than when they sell a CD , " Jobs says .
" If they want to raise prices , it 's because they 're greedy .
If the price goes up , people turn back to piracy - and everybody loses . "
This is how things work : with a swift shuffle , he asserts Apple 's ownership of the music download market , and distances it from the messy decisions .
It is clear , he says , that a price bump will be a terrible move made by a music industry only interested in short - term profits .
It is the kind of subtle statement that suggests Jobs would be a shrewd politician - something that has been suggested , and his links to the Democrat party in the US are good : last year he offered himself as an advisor to the campaign to elect John Kerry as president , while former vice president Al Gore is on Apple 's board .
But even if Apple 's stereotypical users - young , fashionable and metropolitan - are sympathetic to his personal views , he insists that his politics are n't important to the company 's strategy .
" We 're not trying to sell belief - we 're just who we are .
Apple has values we care about ; Apple cares about tolerance .
We are not a political company , but a company with a set of values . "
And over the years , Apple has had the perfect foil for those values , in the guise of the unfriendly giant Microsoft .
It is something that has benefited the Californian firm , even if it would be loathe to admit it .
As the perennial underdog in a round of high - stakes poker , it has learned how to play its cards with enough skill to survive .
Now , entering into new markets , Apple has discovered that it's a much better player than it ever realised .
Not even Jobs would claim that this was winning a 30 - year - long bet .
But it is a gamble which is paying off , for now at least .
Highs and lows
1976 Apple Computer formed by Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak
1984 Apple Macintosh launches , using a graphical interface that becomes standard on home computers
1985 Jobs forced out of Apple after a power struggle with John Sculley
1997 Re-installed as chief executive
1998 Apple releases the iMac
2001 iPod is launched - 20 m sold in four years
2004 Jobs recovers from pancreatic cancer after surgery
