New York has run out of cash and Governor Paterson ordered his budget staff to delay payments to counties , schools , local governments and non-profit service providers until things improve .
During today 's speech on Wall Street today , Governor David Paterson and his staff revealed that despite actions taken last week by the state legislature , New York state will essentially end the month of December with a negative billion dollar bank balance .
Tax revenues experienced the worst year to year drop in memory .
Sales taxes dropped 11 percent and real estate transfer taxes dropped 430 million dollars .
Next year 's deficit is now estimated to be between $ 9 - 18 billion dollars .
The governor also issued a strong defense of Wall Street , the State 's economic engine ,
If people criticized " clam chowder in saying Wall Street has become an easy target but that New Yorkers should defend it instead of " vilifying " it .
If people criticized " clam chowder in Massachusetts or oil in Texas , they 'd run you out of town , " Paterson said
OTTAWA – Defence Minister Peter MacKay said Wednesday the Conservative government has never been complicit in prisoner torture .
" Not once have we ever turned a blind eye " to allegations of torture , MacKay told a parliamentary committee probing Canada 's military mission in Afghanistan today .
Former defence minister Gordon O'Connor said he was never once told of prisoner abuse and accused opposition critics of the " lowest form of politics " for accusing the Conservative government of covering up torture .
Their denials come after an unexpected and explosive admission from Chief of Defence Staff Walter Natynczyk today , who said not only was it known Afghan police abused prisoners but that one in particular had been handed over by Canadian troops .
Natynczyk said new information arrived on his desk today after telling a parliamentary defence committee Tuesday that a prisoner beaten by Afghan police had not been in Canadian custody before he was handed over in May 2006 .
" The moment I saw this report his morning I realized that the information I provided yesterday was incorrect and I am responsible for that , " said the general , adding the report also noted that prisoner abuse by Afghan police was known .
This puts a lie to the government insistence that there were no credible reports that Canadian detainees were being abused once they were handed over to Afghan authorities .
" This just proves it 's time for a public inquiry , " Liberal leader Michael Ignatieff said .
While soldiers have behaved " impeccably " throughout , Ignatieff said , the government 's handling of the detainee question proves the need for an open and independent investigation .
NDP defence critic MP Jack Harris said MacKay has no choice but to resign and that a public inquiry must be called immediately .
" What General Natynczyk had to say was a bombshell , " said NDP MP Paul Dewar .
The Conservative government and military brass have been insisting since the detainee issue first became inflamed in 2007 that the prisoner was not a Canadian detainee , only that Canadian soldiers had saw him being abused and intervened for the man 's safety .
" After reviewing this new information I want to correct my statement ... ( in fact ) the individual who was beaten by the Afghan police was in fact in Canadian custody and then the ANP took control of him , " Natynczyk said .
He said the Afghan man taken into custody was one of three men in a white van and that he in particular had been acting suspiciously and was " in all probability the enemy , the Taliban . "
Natynczyk said according to the section commander , the prisoner was photographed prior to being handed over to " to ensure that if the Afghan national police did assault him – as had happened in the past – that we would have a visual record of his condition . "
Natynczyk said the prisoner was handed over " in good faith .
" I am proud that our soldiers acted courageously and ethically when they retrieved the individual from the Afghan national police when it was apparent that he had been injured , " he told reporters .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" Clearly he was abused . "
The Chief of Defence Staff said he intends to investigate why it took so long for this information to get to his predecessor General Rick Hillier and himself .
Formulae
The actual day of year and the latitude ( 0 deg at the equator to 90 deg at the North pole ) both influence the length of the day .
The perceived way of the sun around the planet can be viewed at as the boundary circle of the planet 's disc .
However , this constellation ( in which the sun apparently circles along the disc 's boundary ) applies only at equinoxes and only at the North pole .
The further away one is from the North pole ( towards the equator ) , the more the surrounding circle is tilted along the West - East axis , until it is completely upright ( perpendicular to the planet 's disc ) at the equator .
Furthermore , there is also a shift of the circle away from the disc , along the obliquity of the ecliptic ( connecting the centers of the two circles at an angle of 23.439 deg ) .
This shift can be " upwards " ( max . distance at the summer solstice ) or " downwards " ( max . distance at the winter solstice ) depending on the actual latitude .
The following image shows the tilted and shifted solar circle for the Winter Solstice at 45 deg North .
It is only the part b out of the whole circle in which the sun in visible : when continueing its path on the blue line it is night ( but see the part titled # B Twilight below ) .
/img/lod_fig01.jpg
Solar Circle for the Summer Solstice at 45 deg North
Fig. 1 : Solar Circle for the Summer Solstice at 45 deg North
The following table calculates the exposed part b in relation to the whole circle .
The formulas mention 3 parameters , which signify :
Axis : Obliquity of the ecliptic ( as the rotation axis of the Earth is not perpendicular to its orbital plane , the equatorial plane is not parallel to the ecliptic plane , but makes an angle of 23.439 deg ) ; for our purposes this is a constant value , it changes slowly only within thousands of years .
Lat : Latitude of the observer ( 0 deg at the equator , 90 deg at the Northpole ) .
Day : Day of year ( 1st year 0...364 , from 365 add 0.25 for every completed year within the Great Year consisting of 4 years , i.e. 365.25 etc. ) .
Note , that the day of year does not start with the astronomically quite arbitrary January 1st , but with the day of the winter solstice in the first year a four years cycle .
Thanks to David X. Callaway to point this out early in the text to avoid confusion .
Note :
The expression " observer " in the remarks refers to a hypothetical observer located on the center of the planet 's " disc " .
Angle between observer and sun 's zenith : Thanks to Andrew Green for spotting an error which was introduced while translating from HTML to XLM in formulas # m_eq_1 ( 1 ) and # m_eq_9 ( 9 ) .
z = 90 - Lat - cos pi times nbsp Day 182.625 nbsp times nbsp Axis
Latitude of observer :
c = - Lat
Angle between solar disc and sun 's zenith :
a = z - c
Distance from observer to sun's zenith :
d = nbsp 1 sin(a )
Distance from observer to the center of the sun 's circle :
t = cos(a )d
Exposed radius part between sun's zenith and sun 's circle :
m = 1 + tan( c ) t
Adjust range :
if m is negative , then the sun never appears the whole day long ( polar winter ) : m must be adjusted to 0 ( the sun can not shine less than 0 hours ) .
if m is larger than 2 , the " sun circle " does not intersect with the planet 's surface and the sun is shining the whole day ( polar summer ) : m must be adjusted to 2 ( the sun can not shine for more than 24 hours ) .
Angle between center of sun 's disc and sunrise or sunset point on the solar circle ( not the planet 's disc ) , resp . :
f = arccos( 1 - m )
Exposed fraction of the sun 's circle ( 0=never ...1 = whole day ) :
b = nbsp f 180
TOKYO ( Reuters Life ! ) -
Three years ago , a poster of a nude and heavily pregnant Britney Spears sparked concern in Japan before it was displayed in Tokyo ’s subways because it was considered “ too stimulating ” for young commuters .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
But today , an increasing number of women who have just one child later in life are flocking to photo studios to have their pregnant bellies photographed to celebrate their bodies during a once - in - a - lifetime experience .
“ I was so happy during my pregnancy , ” said 40 - year - old Kumiko Yoda , who gave birth to a boy on July 19 .
“ This moment will not come back to me again and these pictures are for my own enjoyment . ”
Yoda was encouraged by a friend who showed her maternity nude photos that she had had taken of herself and just one month before her baby was born , Yoda discovered maternity photo studio “ Ixchel ” in Tokyo .
Initially , she posed showing only her belly but as the all - female staff at the studio helped her relax , she posed nude for the camera .
The black - and - white pictures are displayed in her home .
“ Whenever I see these pictures , I can recall how I looked and how happy I was when I was pregnant , ” says Yoda .
The trend of taking pregnant nude photos , which has been growing over the past few years , exploded when J - pop singer ‘ hitomi ’ published a pregnant nude picture with her new album last June .
The picture was displayed on large billboards over busy streets in Tokyo and the related photo book became a bestseller , selling more than 10,000 copies in its first week of publication , according to local media .
“ The special feeling of waiting for motherhood helps alleviate the fear of nudity .
And with more women becoming pregnant at a late age , for them this is an experience that will never happen again , ” said Yuko Ishizaki , an assistant professor at Japan Women ’s University .
Mums - to - be pay around 35,000 yen ( $ 368.2 ) for a studio photo shoot , which takes less than two hours in “ Ixchel . ”
“ Before this boom , women did n’t know where to go to take these kinds of pictures even though they wanted to .
Because of media attention , they easily found our studio , ” said Natsuko Takada , the owner of photo studio “ Ixchel . ”
“ When I opened my studio for maternity photos last year we had less than 10 customers a month but last month we had more than 70 customers , ” said Takada .
Apparently , Avalanche fans are going to need a little more proof that their team is as good as its record before they start showing up in larger numbers .
The smallest crowd in Avs history witnessed Colorado ’s Western Conference - leading 11th win and 24th point Wednesday night , a 4 - 1 triumph over the Phoenix Coyotes .
The announced attendance of 11,012 was more than 2,000 fewer than the previous low crowd , but that did n’t stop the Avs from staying perfect ( 5 - 0 ) on home ice .
“ Our job is just to go out and play hockey and our job is to provide entertainment for our fans , ” Avs coach Joe Sacco said .
“ I think that we ’ve done a good job of that this year so far . ”
Two goals by veteran right wing Milan Hejduk and three assists from linemate Paul Stastny supported goalie Peter Budaj in his first start of the season .
He stopped 28 - of - 29 shots in his first game since April 11 .
“ It was a long time since the last time I was in net , so I was happy to play tonight , and the guys played good in front of me , ” Budaj said .
“ I was seeing the puck well , and the guys cleared out the front of the net well .
I was n’t screened much , and that made a big difference . ”
The Avs are still struggling offensively , but the top line , with Stastny and Hejduk , broke out of its mini-slump .
The duo combined on the first goal of the game , just 57 seconds in , when Hejduk tipped in Kyle Quincey ’s pass on the power play , with Stastny getting the second assist .
Colorado nursed that 1 - 0 lead until the 6:43 mark of the third period , when Marek Svatos — moved up to the top line with Hejduk and Stastny for the period — got his first point in 10 games .
Svatos made a gorgeous little poke shot off a rebound in front , tucking the puck up high to the far post of Coyotes goalie Ilya Bryzgalov .
“ Sometimes you ’re not going to get the nicest goals , ” Stastny said .
“ You need a bounce here or there to get everyone going .
It was not too pretty offensively , but Budaj gave us a chance to win tonight . ”
The Coyotes — the butt of many a joke the last 12 months given their precarious ownership situation and attendance problems — look like a much improved team and could have won the game with a little better marksmanship and smarts .
Veteran Ed Jovanovski scored Phoenix ’s only goal but hurt his team ’s cause with a foolish cross check against Stastny 54 seconds into a Coyotes power play , with the score 2 - 1 and 6:46 remaining in the game .
“ When they took that penalty , it did alleviate some of the pressure , ” Sacco said .
“ Overall , our penalty killing ( second in the NHL entering the game ) has been a lot better over the course of the last eight to 10 games . ”
David Jones added an empty - netter for the Avs , and Hejduk added one more for good measure , drawing a hearty cheer from those still on hand .
“ It was a tough game , ” Hejduk said .
“ They played pretty well .
We ’re just so happy for Peter to get back in and get a win , after what he ’s been through lately . ”
Adrian Dater : 303-954-1360 or adater@denverpost.com
Advertisements
The group ColorofChange.org has announced that four more advertisers have pledged to pull their ads from Glenn Beck ’s Fox News Channel program .
ConAgra ( maker of Healthy Choice products ) , Roche , Sanofi - Aventis , and RadioShack will now join LexisNexis - owned Lawyers.com , Procter & Gamble , Progressive Insurance , SC Johnson and GEICO as former advertisers .
In an email to ColorofChange.org , Stephanie Childs , spokesperson for ConAgra Foods said , “ … Upon review of this particular program , we have discontinued our advertising for all ConAgra Foods products during its airing .
We share your commitment to diversity in all areas of life and appreciate you sharing your concerns with us . ”
Sean Connor , Manager of Media Services and Purchasing for Sanofi-Aventis said , “ We have specified that our ads will no longer run on Mr. Beck ’s show .
Thank you for drawing our attention to this matter . ”
Advertisements
Dave Hamlin , Director of Media Services for RadioShack said , “ This confirms that there is no advertising we ( RadioShack ) [ are ] buying on the Glen Beck Show or anywhere on the Fox News Channel .
What viewers are seeing on FNC and Glen Beck is manufacturer advertising that has tagged their messages with “ RadioShack ” as the retail destination to purchase their product (s ) .
In this most recent instance , it is most likely the product called magicJack that has tagged our name throughout their commercial . ”
He continued , “ We ’ve asked magicJack to immediately cease and desist running all commercials with our name tagged in the spot on FNC .
In fact , I just received verification from one our merchants that magicJack has confirmed the commercial will be pulled from the Fox News Channel rotation ASAP . ”
This campaign is really starting to take its toll on Beck ’s list of big corporate advertisers .
Rumors are flying that the brass at Fox News have told Beck to tone it down , and it is clear that Color of Change ’s campaign against advertisers has been a resounding success .
Beck still has huge ratings , so he is in no jeopardy , but TV survives on ad dollars , and if the advertising would ever dry up for his show , FNC would have to do something .
On 27 December last year , Israel launched Operation Cast Lead in Gaza , an overwhelming exercise of military force aimed at silencing the Hamas rockets which had terrorised Israeli towns and villages .
The immediate effects of the invasion are well known : 1,400 Palestinians dead , mostly civilians , with many more wounded or displaced ; 10 Israeli soldiers and three civilians killed , dozens more injured ; and thousands of families in southern Israel forced to flee to other parts of the country .
The rocketfire from Gaza into Israel has slowed but has not entirely ceased .
Hamas is still in power .
What is less well - known is the escalating humanitarian crisis in Gaza .
The legacy of Operation Cast Lead is a living nightmare for one and a half million Palestinians squeezed into one of the most overcrowded and wretched stretches of land on the planet .
And as Israel and Egypt maintain a near total blockade against Gaza , the misery deepens by the day .
This is not only shocking in humanitarian terms .
It is not in Israel 's or Egypt 's interest , either .
Confining people in abject poverty in a tiny slice of territory is a recipe for continued bitterness , fury and radicalism .
And what has the British government and the international community done to lift the blockade ?
Next to nothing .
Tough - sounding declarations are issued at regular intervals but little real pressure is applied .
It is a scandal that the international community has sat on its hands in the face of this unfolding crisis .
No doubt the febrile sensitivities of the Middle East have deterred governments , caught between recriminations from both sides .
No doubt diplomats have warned that exerting pressure on Israel and Egypt may complicate the peace process .
But surely the consequences of not lifting the blockade are far more grave ?
How is the peace process served by sickness , mortality rates , mental trauma and malnutrition increasing in Gaza ?
Is it not in Israel 's enlightened self - interest to relieve the humanitarian suffering ?
The peace process is in serious trouble right now .
Internal Israeli politics limits any meaningful room for manoeuvre , illegal settlement activity in the West Bank continues , and leadership of the Palestinians is divided and incoherent .
A two - state solution , long the accepted bedrock of any agreement , is being openly questioned .
But paralysis in the peace process cannot be an excuse for the inhumane treatment of one and a half million people , the majority of them under 18 years old .
No peaceful coexistence of any kind is possible as long as this act of collective confinement continues .
According to a recently leaked report by the UN office of the humanitarian co-ordinator , Gaza is undergoing " a process of de-development , which potentially could lead to the complete breakdown of public infrastructure " .
A report released today by a group of 16 humanitarian and human rights groups further spells out the effects .
Family homes destroyed in the invasion lie as shattered as ever .
The embargo on construction materials means they will stay that way .
Local hospitals and clinics were left devastated by the invasion , and those suffering health problems wait longer than ever to get out of Gaza for treatment .
Many have died waiting .
Bed -wetting and nightmares are endemic among children .
Half of those under 30 are unemployed .
These young people are trapped in a broken land with little hope of economic opportunity .
The blockade 's restrictions on Gaza 's fishermen mean they can sail only three nautical miles from the coast , impoverishing their families .
Meanwhile , 80 m litres of raw and partially treated sewage is pumped out into the sea every day .
Most disturbingly of all , the lack of access to materials means that basic water infrastructure simply cannot be repaired or improved ; 90 to 95 % of Gaza 's water fails to meet WHO standards .
The extremely high nitrate level in the water supply is leaving thousands of newborn babies at risk of poisoning .
The insistence by some that aid should come into no contact whatsoever , even indirectly , with Hamas means NGOs are prevented from repairing basic water and sanitation facilities in schools .
There is a clear moral imperative for Israel and Egypt to end the blockade , as well as it being in their enlightened self - interest to change course .
But if they do not do so of their own volition , it is up to the international community to persuade them otherwise .
The EU has huge economic influence over Israel , and it believes the blockade must be lifted .
At the same time as exercising leverage over Hamas , it should make clear that the web of preferential agreements which now exists between the EU and Israel – from Israeli access to EU research and development funds to recently improved access for Israeli agricultural products – will be brought into question if there is no rapid progress .
Equally , the US , as by far the largest bilateral donor to Egypt , should press President Mubarak to allow in the humanitarian and reconstruction materials that are so desperately needed .
What will be the state of Gaza 's drinking water by next December ?
Of the health of its children ?
Of the economy ?
The attitude of its people towards Egypt and Israel ?
The risk of waiting another year is too great .
Gordon Brown and the international community must urgently declare that enough is enough .
The blockade must end .
• Comments on this article will remain open for 24 hours from the time of publication but may be closed overnight
A federal judge in Washington on Thursday dismissed criminal charges against five Blackwater security guards accused of killing 17 unarmed Iraqi civilians in an incident that strained U.S. - Iraqi relations and sparked an outcry over the military ’s use of private contractors .
The judge did not rule on the substance of the charges against the security guards , but instead decided that prosecutors had wrongly relied on what the guards told State Department investigators shortly after the incident .
As government contractors , the Blackwater employees were required to speak to an investigator after a shooting .
U.S. District Judge Ricardo Urbina said that the use of these statements -- which were given with a promise of immunity -- violated the defendants ’ rights against compelled self - incrimination .
“ In their zeal to bring charges against the defendants . . . the government used compelled statements to guide its charging decisions . . . and ultimately , to obtain the indictment in this case , ” the judge wrote in a 90 - page opinion .
Advertisement
The efforts of prosecutors and investigators to show that their case did not hinge on compelled testimony “ were all too often contradictory , unbelievable and lacking in credibility , ” Urbina wrote .
Because the indictment was thrown out on legal grounds , the government could bring an appeal .
It could also re-charge the guards , although a new prosecution could be difficult given the judge ’s finding that the case was so thoroughly tainted .
Dean Boyd , a Justice Department spokesman , said , “ We ’re disappointed by the decision . ”
He added that the department was “ still in the process of reviewing the opinion and considering our options . ”
Rep. Jan Schakowsky ( D - Ill. ) , who has in the past sponsored legislation that would prohibit the hire of private military contractors , said she was dismayed by the news .
Advertisement
“ A question I ’ve been asking for a long time is , ‘ Can these private military contractors actually get away with murder ? ’ ” Schakowsky said .
“ This indicates that the answer is yes . ”
“ There ’s a long history of these kinds of companies being able to operate with impunity , ” she said .
The news of the dismissal reached Baghdad late Thursday night , prompting warnings that it could further damage U.S. - Iraqi relations .
“ The message is these people are protected by the American administration , ” said Kurdish lawmaker Mahmoud Othman .
“ These people were backed by the State Department .
. . .
We are entering the new year with a bad message . ”
Advertisement
Othman warned : “ People wo n’t be satisfied on the political or popular level . ”
The five guards in the case were Paul Slough of Keller , Texas ; Nicholas Slatten of Sparta , Tenn . ; Evan Liberty of Rochester , N.H. ; Dustin Heard of Maryville , Tenn. ; and Donald Ball of West Valley City , Utah .
Each had been charged with multiple counts of voluntary manslaughter and firearms violations .
A sixth guard , Jeremy P. Ridgeway , pleaded guilty to one count of voluntary manslaughter and helped authorities confirm the details of the incident .
It is unclear what effect the judge ’s decision will have on Ridgeway ’s case .
The guards maintained that they had fired their weapons in response to an attack by insurgents .
But according to U.S. prosecutors and an Iraqi government investigation , the shooting was unprovoked .
Advertisement
An FBI investigation found that at least 14 of the 17 Iraqis killed were shot without cause .
The September 2007 shooting in Baghdad ’s Nisoor Square , which also wounded 20 , put a harsh spotlight on the role of private security guards in the war there .
Blackwater guards were hired to provide protection for U.S. officials , but they were not bound by all of the same rules and procedures as the U.S. military .
Before the incident , Blackwater guards had been involved in other shootings and were faulted for firing at unarmed civilians .
In their defense , the five guards in the Nisoor Square case said they were responding to reports of an explosive device detonating nearby as a convoy of U.S. officials approached the area .
Advertisement
The guards “ were defending themselves and their comrades who were being shot at and receiving fire from Iraqis they believed to be enemy insurgents , ” said defense attorney David Schertler at the time of their indictment in December 2007 .
Government prosecutors disputed that the guards were returning fire .
“ None of the victims of this shooting was armed , ” said Jeffrey A. Taylor , the U.S. attorney in Washington , when he announced the indictment .
“ None was an insurgent . ”
The five guards were not charged with murder but instead with voluntary manslaughter and firearms offenses .
Advertisement
Urbina , who was appointed by President Clinton , has a reputation as a liberal judge .
Last year , he ordered the government to free 17 Chinese Uighurs who had been held at the Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , prison .
The government refused , however , and the U.S. appeals court reversed his order .
In the Blackwater case , the judge convened a hearing in October to determine whether the indictment was tainted by the statements the guards had given during their initial interviews .
The hearing stretched over three weeks .
He concluded Thursday that the “ defendants ’ compelled statements pervaded nearly every aspect of the government ’s investigation and prosecution . ”
For that reason , the entire indictment must be dismissed , he said .
In his opinion , Judge Urbina cited the case of Lt. Col.
Oliver L. North , whose conviction in the Iran - Contra case was overturned on similar grounds in 1990 .
Advertisement
North was forced to testify under immunity before Congress , and he was later indicted and convicted by a special prosecutor .
Although North ’s actual words were not used against him , the U.S. appeals court said that the entire case was tainted because prosecutors were aware of his testimony .
Schakowsky , who had not yet read Urbina ’s decision , said she would “ investigate how various arms of the government tripped over themselves in this case . ”
“ We ’re going to have to understand how this happened , ” she said .
Schakowsky said she worried that the dismissal of charges in the Blackwater case would send a message to the rest of the world that the U.S. military and contractors will not be held accountable for crimes .
She pointed out that soldiers and civilian contractors are often indistinguishable in war zones .
Advertisement
“ I ’ll be interested to see how the government of Iraq responds to this decision , ” she said .
“ I think it will fuel anti-American sentiment . ”
One survivor of the incident , a cabdriver named Bara Sadoun Ismail , who was shot twice , still held out hope that the guards would eventually be prosecuted .
“ I do n’t think it ’s true that these five people have been released for lack of evidence , ” he said .
“ The American justice [ system ] works .
There is just delay . ”
Separately , Blackwater and its founder , Erik Prince , have been sued in federal court by the victims of the Nisoor Square shooting .
Advertisement
According to the Center for Constitutional Rights , which brought the suit , the complaint alleged that Blackwater and Prince “ created and fostered a culture of lawlessness among [ Blackwater ] employees , encouraging them to act in the company ’s financial interests at the expense of innocent human life . ”
Blackwater , which has changed its name to Xe Services , is seeking to have the suit dismissed .
david.savage@latimes.com
Times staff writers Ned Parker in Baghdad and Kate Linthicum in Los Angeles contributed to this report .
Recently by Gary North : Austrians Win , Keynesians - Friedmanians Lose
“ Health care in lead as stocks surge ” ~ MarketWatch
This December 21 , 2009 headline marks what I regard as the triumph of Keynesian dogma in the American equity markets .
I can think of no headline in the last 30 years that better illustrates the triumph of Paul Samuelson , whose health care expenses finally ceased last week .
The Senate did not read the bill that Harry Reid shoved through stage 1 of the process at 1 a.m. on Monday morning .
Because the Obama Administration has pressured Congress so hard to get some kind of a health - care package submitted to him , no matter what it says , Nancy Pelosi and the Democratic leadership of the House are now under tremendous pressure to accept whatever the Senate finally puts in front of it .
The Senate ’s version of a health care insurance package may turn out to be less damaging than the far more socialistic system proposed by the House ’s bill .
There is no government - run health care insurance program .
Because the Administration wants this bill on the president ’s desk by December 24 , the House of Representatives will probably capitulate and agree to whatever the Senate has itself agreed to .
This is not guaranteed .
It is possible that Pelosi will balk and delay the passage of the bill .
If she does this , it is extremely risky .
The bill may break apart in wrangling between House Democrats and Senate Democrats .
The Senate ’s bill is a major breakthrough for the Democrats .
Hillary Clinton , back in 1993 , attempted to get such a piece of legislation signed by her husband .
She organized hearings related to the health care issue .
That was stopped by the Republicans , and it led to the victory of the Republicans in the House of Representatives in 1994 .
This will not apply to a bill that gets signed into law .
Because something in the range of 30 million people will be given health insurance by the new bill , it is going to be very difficult for the Republicans to get this law repealed .
Even if they win the Presidency in 2012 , and also win both houses of Congress , by then the constituency will be so large and so well entrenched , that any attempt to repeal this bill in its entirety will be politically impossible .
SPEND OURSELVES RICH
Congress is hell - bent on spending America into prosperity : the Keynesian prescription for economic health .
The Keynesian dogma is almost totally dominant in political circles , banking circles , and academic circles .
This has been true for 60 years , but now the bills are coming due .
The bills are now coming due so fast , and in such large numbers , that the only thing that can keep the game going is the expansion of the money supply by the Federal Reserve System .
The FED has been expanding the monetary base since mid-June at a rate of 77 % per annum .
The monetary slowdown from December 2008 to June 2009 is now over .
The FED doubled the monetary base in two months in September and October 2008 .
Now it is moving back into a full - scale policy of monetary expansion .
We have never seen anything like this in the history of the FED , not even in World War II .
We now face an endless stream of debt and expenditures , as far as the eye can see .
These expenditures will increase as the population ages .
Everyone knows this , but nobody wants to face it .
Keynesianism is dominant as never before in my lifetime .
The respite under Chicago School monetarism , from 1975 until 2000 , is now over .
The stock market rose in response to the promise of some kind of a bill being signed by the President .
The justification is that the health care sector will rally .
The health care sector will do well .
It is going to receive massive amounts of money from businesses .
This is a classic case of the broken - window fallacy .
The repaired window looks great .
The wealth that was lost to fix it is not seen .
Investors do not ask : “ What would the money to be spent on health care have done for the rest of the economy ? ”
Why not ?
Because they are Keynesians .
Other private sectors will not be funded to the extent that the health care sector is funded .
The money that flows into health care will not overflow into all other segments of the economy .
It will flow out of them into health care .
Health care will expand at the expense of the rest of the economy .
The additional money spent on health care will help some sick people be a little better off , but the people who will get treatment will do so by way of those people who will not be able to afford to buy whatever it is that they would have bought with the money taken away from them .
The recipients will be poorer people — not the truly destitute , who already have access to free hospital care by Federal law .
There are some winners in every wealth transfer system .
There are far more losers , but they do not understand this in most cases .
They see the repair of the broken window — in this case , medical treatment — but they do not count the cost to themselves and others .
They do not see the improvements in their lives that the confiscated money would have achieved .
WHY HEALTH CARE DOES NOT DRIVE THE MARKET
Health care is the pawn of government power .
The infusion of more money into health care should raise two questions :
1 . Where will the money come from ?
2 . At what cost ?
Those investors who rushed in to buy stocks in general because of health care in particular are Keynesians .
They believe that the government can produce wealth in general by robbing many Peters in order to pay a few extra Pauls .
Why should a sector that provides health care lead the recovery of the entire economy ?
To defend this logically , the economist should say that there will be enormous gains in overall productivity due to the recovery of those sick people who will now receive health care payments and who would not otherwise have recovered .
Are these sick people otherwise spectacularly productive ?
Will their newfound health at the margin serve as the engine of national productivity ?
No .
Why not ?
Because they are people with minimal productive capabilities , which is why they could not find jobs that provided health care insurance .
Then why should we expect the entire economy to rise as a result of Harry Reid ’s as - yet unread 1,000 - page health care bill ?
We should n’t .
But we are told by headline writers that the unread bill is the source of stock market gains .
This is Keynesianism with a vengeance .
We should try to identify those sectors of the economy that provide widespread economic growth .
Health care does not provide economic growth , except insofar as someone is made healthy who would not otherwise have re-entered the work force .
But who are these people ?
We do not know , because no one has read Reid ’s bill .
It was passed at 1 a.m. on Monday morning .
Some proposed beneficiaries : illegal immigrants , or people with very low paying jobs , or unemployed people .
So , the stock market is responding completely in terms of Keynesian presuppositions .
Keynesianism assumes that there is such a thing as a free lunch .
It assumes that money that comes from the private sector by way of the Federal government is not going to have a negative effect on the formation of capital .
FREE HOSPITAL LUNCHES
The assumption is that it will be possible for the government to mandate that businesses pay enormous amounts of money to the health care sector , and yet the health care sector will not drain productive capital out of the other sectors .
This is the essence of Keynesianism .
This is the essence of the futility and error of Keynesianism .
This has been the central error of Keynesianism ever since John Maynard Keynes invented the system back in 1936 .
It assumes that the Federal government can get its hands on enormous quantities of money , and spend that money on particular favorite sections of the economy , without imposing losses on all the other sectors , which will have to pony up the money to provide benefits for those inside the favored sector of the economy .
We are therefore living in a society in which there are no further meaningful intellectual or moral restraints on spending by the Federal government .
The government is going to be allowed to spend whatever amount it wants on whatever programs it wants , whenever it wants , because stock market investors are convinced that the more money the government spends , and therefore the larger the deficit of the government , the better it is for the overall economy .
Stock market investors go looking for a particular sector of the economy that will benefit as a result of the transfer of funds .
They take the optimism that they have for these limited sectors of the economy and extend this optimism toward the entire economy .
Investors in stocks assume that there really are free lunches .
These lunches are made available , in effect free of charge , by the Federal government and by businesses that are operating under the terms the Federal government has established for them .
Anyone who challenges this outlook is regarded as a doomsayer .
He is regarded as a crackpot .
He is regarded as someone who is out of touch with the basics of modern finance , and who is therefore out of touch with the theoretical presuppositions that were laid down by John Maynard Keynes back in 1936 .
It is assumed that anyone who calls into question the Keynesian miracle of stones and bread is some kind of intellectual heretic .
So , when the economic breakdown comes , the Keynesians are going to be called into question , but not until it ’s clear that the anti-recessionary measures have not worked .
The effect of the health care law will be to increase unemployment .
Businesses are going to find that they cannot afford to hire marginal workers , and they are likely to fire marginal employees .
So , the desire of the Obama Administration to get the unemployment rate down is going to be thwarted by the success of the Administration in getting a health care bill passed .
The expenses are going to be imposed immediately , but the Senate bill is not going to provide complete coverage for four years .
This is why John McCain has called the bill an exercise in Bernard Madoff accounting .
That was a pretty good sound bite .
It really does describe Medicare , but it especially describes one in which the payoff is going to be delayed by four years after the money is collected .
Under a regular Ponzi scheme , the early investors are paid off rapidly .
Under Reid ’s scheme , the contributors are going to find that nothing comes back to them for years .
Their budgets will be curtailed extensively by the cost of providing Medicare to the 30 million Americans who are not presently covered .
Voters think that Uncle Sugar is going to provide medical care for the public .
Voters who ridicule a few faith healers , who operate on the fringes of the Protestant majority , are going to find their faith in the Federal government to provide healing is a lot less rational and a lot more expensive than faith healers .
Faith healers explain healings in terms of God , who is not under the restraints of fiscal budgets .
How do Keynesians explain a healed economy ?
There is no magic powder that is going to provide health care on inexpensive bases to an additional 30 million Americans .
It was bad enough that the initial Senate bill proposed to drop Medicare age qualification from 65 to 55 .
That really would have busted the government ’s budget .
So , the Senate did provide a kind of stay of execution , but not by much .
THE WELFARE STATE’S UPWARD RATCHET
When the public finally realizes that it has been taken for a ride , it is going to find that Congress is unwilling to roll back the law that Republicans are going to complain against throughout 2010 .
There will be political hay made by non-incumbents who complain about the high costs of the health care program , but if and when they come in office , the voters will find the Republicans do not have the votes to completely abolish whatever law the President signs .
They may be able to tinker with marginal issues in that law , but they will not have the votes to roll it back .
A constituency of 30 million people is a large constituency .
At the margin , it is an enormous constituency .
The Democrats know this .
The Democrats know that if they can get this bill into law , the Republicans will never have the political fortitude to roll back the whole bill .
They know that from this point on , the United States is going to be saddled with the first stage of socialized medicine .
All the Democrats have to do now is bide their time .
This is why there is a ratchet for the welfare state .
Every time the Federal government increases benefits to some special - interest group , it creates a constituency in favor of retaining the law that created the constituency .
It takes something like political revolution in order for a subsequent Congress to do anything more than tinker with certain embarrassing aspects of the law .
They can revise around the edges , but they never roll it back completely .
We do not see a case like the repeal of the 18th amendment .
Once again , we have moved down the road toward political centralization and the socialization of the American economy .
This is done by increments .
The result is going to be the bankruptcy of the Federal government .
At some point , the checks are going to stop coming from Washington , or else the money in which the checks are denominated is going to buy less and less .
Congress is unable to control itself .
It is like someone with an incurable disease .
A person cannot stop the progress of the disease .
We are watching the St. Vitus ’ dance of America ’s political establishment .
They simply cannot say no to more spending .
CONCLUSION
I regard this bill as a victory for the Administration .
It is not so great a victory as Obama would prefer , but he is going to sign the bill into law .
If he gets this law , he will be able to say that he achieved the number one goal in his presidential plans .
He has bet his political future on his ability to push through Congress a health - care insurance bill .
He will be able to go to the voters and say that he accomplished this .
The question is , of course , whether a majority of voters are going to think that this is worth re-electing him , especially when they find out how much money this bill is going to cost them .
The health care law is going to be very expensive .
Individuals are going to wind up paying fines or paying to enroll in insurance programs that are expensive and which individuals do n’t want to buy today .
We do n’t know how bad it ’s going to get , and we do n’t know how high the bill is going to be , but we can be sure that the bill will be high , and much higher than projected by the official estimate .
Medicare vastly outran the promised maximum promoted by President Johnson in 1965 .
This is always the price of Keynesianism .
Gary North [ send him mail ] is the author of Mises on Money .
Visit http://www.garynorth.com.
He is also the author of a free 20 - volume series , An Economic Commentary on the Bible .
Copyright © 2009 Gary North
The latest data from the government - sponsored Monitoring the Future Study , released today , indicate that marijuana use by teenagers , which fell from 2001 through 2006 , may be on the rise again .
Between 2008 and 2009 , the share of students who reported smoking pot in the previous month rose from 5.8 percent to 6.5 percent among eighth - graders , from 13.8 percent to 15.9 percent among 10th - graders , and from 19.4 percent to 20.6 percent among 12th - graders .
This is the third year in a row that self - reported marijuana use has risen among high school seniors , who are now more likely to smoke pot than cigarettes ( PDF ) .
According to the Associated Press , " researchers said " that " the increase of teens smoking pot is partly because the national debate over medical use of marijuana can make the drug 's use seem safer to teenagers . "
Yet the first medical marijuana law , California's , was passed in 1996 , and during the subsequent 13 years another dozen states adopted similar policies .
If these laws are signaling teenagers that smoking pot is safe , why the lag ?
A June 2008 report from the Marijuana Policy Project noted ( PDF ) :
More than a decade after the passage of the nation 's first state medical marijuana law , California 's Prop.
215 , a considerable body of data shows that no state with a medical marijuana law has experienced an increase in youth marijuana use since their law 's enactment .
In fact , all states have reported overall decreases — exceeding 50 % in some age groups — strongly suggesting that enactment of state medical marijuana laws does not increase teen marijuana use .
To put the recent upward trend in perspective , past - month marijuana use by high school seniors is still only about half as common as it was in 1979 .
Still , federal officials lament that " the percentage of eighth - graders who saw a ' great risk ' in occasionally smoking marijuana fell from 50.5 percent in 2004 to 48.1 percent in 2008 and 44.8 percent this year . "
It speaks volumes about the scientific basis of our current drug policy that the people charged with implementing it openly pin their hopes for success on their ability to trick 13 - year - olds into believing something that is patently false .
An Atlas V rocket is on a collision course with the moon , and when it hits early Friday morning , the blast will kick up a miles - high plume of debris visible from Earth .
Or at least that 's what NASA scientists are hoping .
Their goal is to find water -- if there is any to be found -- frozen deep in the permanently shaded floor of a crater at the moon 's south pole .
Water will be key to the success of future moon colonies , and not just for drinking ; it can be split into oxygen for breathing and hydrogen for fuel .
Viewing parties
Viewing parties are planned up and down the coast .
Here are details on three local gatherings , all free :
Portland :
OMSI , at 1945 SE Water Avenue in Portland , will project the impact in its auditorium via a live satellite feed from NASA starting at 3:30 a.m.
More info : 800.955.6674 or
Sun River :
The Sun River Nature Center and Observatory , located next to Lake Aspen on River Road , will have 10 telescopes for eye - witness viewing , and play live satellite feed from NASA on video screens , starting at 4 a.m .
More info : 541-593-4442
Ellensburg , Wash . :
Central Washington University 's astronomy club will have three telescopes , including a 12 - inch scope with a CCD camera to photograph the impact , and play live satellite feed from NASA , starting at 3:30 a.m. at Lind Hall ( Northwest corner of University Way / 8th Ave. and Chestnut St. )
More info : email :
, Web :
" With that you have the basics for human sustainability , " says John Marmie , deputy project manager for NASA 's Lunar Crater Observing and Sensing Satellite , or
.
The show starts at 4:31 a.m. Friday , when the spent upper - stage of the Atlas V rocket strikes its target : an ancient crater called Cabeus that 's 60 miles across and nearly a mile deep .
Four minutes later , a second spacecraft will fly through the debris plume , collecting and relaying observations back to Earth before smashing into the moon and lofting a second debris plume .
Oregon and the rest of the West coast will have good views for amateur astronomers using telescopes with a diameter of at least 10 inches , say NASA scientists , who 've posted
.
The impacts wo n't be big enough to see with the naked eye or binoculars .
But the drama will play out under scrutiny by 18 major earth - based observatories and four earth - orbiting instruments , including the Hubble space telescope , Marmie says .
Previous moon orbiters have found likely signs of water .
Last month , for instance , a NASA instrument on the Indian Space Research Organization 's Chandrayaan - 1 spacecraft measured wavelengths of light absorbed on the lunar surface that matched the pattern expected of water molecules .
But the concentration appears small : about 32 ounces per ton of moon dust , researchers estimate .
LCROSS scientists hope their $ 79 million experiment provides definitive evidence of water , and a clearer picture of how much might exist at the moon 's south pole .
But some scientists say the mission faces big uncertainties .
For one thing , the hollow rocket stage may not produce a big enough bang .
Peter Schultz of Brown University told Science magazine that NASA 's models may underestimate the chances that debris will hit the crater rim instead of rising into view .
In experiments with hollow projectiles fired into fake lunar soil , Schultz found that blasts spread at lower angles than with solid projectiles .
Schultz said the dirt and rubble of the upper few meters of the moon is highly compressible and challenging to predict how it will absorb impact .
NASA scientists are more confident .
" Our simulations show that the debris will get kicked up long enough for us to view it , " Marmie says .
" We think it 's gonna work . "
--
More than two dozen Park Slope restaurants and cafes owe at least $ 910,000 in unpaid wages to more than 200 workers , the State Labor Department announced yesterday .
Inspections during the spring revealed that some workers made as little as $ 2.75 an hour ; the minimum wage for food service workers is $ 4.65 per hour .
( Today the Daily News revealed that the restaurants include Aunt Suzie ’s , Baluchi's , Sotto Voce , Olive Vine Café , and Sweet Melissa Patisserie . )
Getting chiseled out of already laughably low wages is rough , but at least they did n't have the misfortune to be employed by Paradou owner Vadim Ponorovsky , who 's earned some notoriety today for an incredibly nasty email he sent to staffers at his Meatpacking district restaurant .
His gloriously profane and hateful missive , which makes Hunter S. Thompson 's letters seem like Get Well Soon cards , is published below in its entirety :
Please read this email carefully .
This is the last time we will be discussing this .
This weekend , saturday and sunday we had 451 customers .
Guess how many emails we collected ?
60 ? 80 ? 40 ?
No .
None of those .
We , or more acurately you , collected 2 emails .
Thats less than half of one percent .
2 fucking emails .
WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU ASSHOLES ?!?!?!
How many times do we have to tell you how important it is that you collect emails .
Everytime we have a slow night and you make no money and you sit there bitching about how you make no money , remember its because youre fucking lazy motherfuckers .
YOU SHOULD ALL BE FIRED IMMEDIATELY !!!!!
ALL OF YOU , INCLUDING THE HOSTS !!!!
Let me guess , youre probably sitting there saying " Vadim is such a fucking asshole .
How dare he speak to me like this .
I dont need this . "
Youre right , you dont , so why dont you get the fuck out .
Any and all of you .
Youre probably sitting there saying " How dare he speak to me like this .
How dare he not have respect for me " .
Youre right there also .
I have absolutely no respect for any of you .
Why ?
Because every fucking day , all of you continue to show that you have absolutely no respect for me or Alex .
So if you dont respect us enough to do the little that we ask you to do , then GET THE FUCK OUT YOU FUCKING LAZY DISRESPECTFUL ASSHOLES !!!!!
Effective immediately , any server or host who fails to collect at least 20 emails per week , will be fined $ 100 .
Anyone failing to collect at least 20 emails for two weeks in a month will be fired immediately .
No matter what .
No matter who you are .
You dont want to do your job , you dont want to do what we ask , you dont belong at Paradou .
Go find another place to work .
How dare you disrespect Alex and me this way .
How dare you completely ignore what we ask of you time after time after time .
I am sick of all this shit , you bunch of fucking children .
This is what I have to deal with at 6 AM ?!?!?
I wouldnt tolerate this from my 13 year old , and Im sure as shit not going to tolerate it from any of you assholes .
You give no respect , you get 10 times back .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
The FIA has asked the Formula 1 Sporting Working Group to bring forward proposals for making F1 more entertaining in time to be implemented for the 2010 season .
The Sporting Working Group , which is a sub-committee of the F1 Commission made up of representatives of the Formula 1 teams , including technical directors , is to make its recommendations to the January meeting of the governing body 's World Motor Council .
AUTOSPORT sources suggest that overtaking is a particular area of concern , with the leading teams believed to have already recovered much of the downforce lost to the 2009 regulations changes - it is predicted that downforce levels will exceed those at the end of the 2008 by the middle of next season .
The boss of the Malaysian Grand Prix , Razlan Razali , said at the Motor Sport Business Forum in Monaco earlier this week that circuits would welcome moves by the FIA to improve overtaking .
" If the FIA can come up with something to improve overtaking of the cars without us improving the circuits , then that is great , " said the Sepang circuit 's CEO .
" The spectators , they do n't really look at the technical aspects of the car , they want exciting races and overtaking - so if the FIA can come up with something to help that , it 's good .
But we always have a back - up plan , which is mother nature . "
The fans enjoyment of the sport was highlighted in Mercedes GP CEO Nick Fry 's pledge at the Motor Sport Business Formum that Formula 1 will do more to embrace its fans through new media , including the internet , in 2010 .
" I think the accusation that we have been a bit slow on new media is correct - that we could have done a lot more , " Fry said .
" But I think you might find that FOM have things they are working on at the moment that will hopefully see the light of day during the course of next year which will hopefully at least partially address that . "
Circuit bosses also conceded that they need to make their events more fan - friendly if they are to survive in the current financial climate .
The FIA has also created working groups to make proposals on environmental issues within FIA championships and the development of global rallying , while two sub-committees have been formed for tyre manufacturers and fuel suppliers .
I think my secret santa noticed that I am the creator / mod of /r / cakewin and sent me two freaking awesome cookbooks :
The Cake Bible : an amazing , easy to read , and apparently much lauded book that I will treasure for years to come !!!!
What a serious business dessert book - I can't tell you guys how excited I am =DDDD !!!
Martha Stewart 's Cupcakes : A book with TONS of ideas and lots and lots of pictures to help inspire me and give me ideas to be creative !!
I really like that she has instructions for making additional garnishes in the back , like the crystallized flowers .
I always bake for my friends and classmates but now they 're REALLY going to look forward to it !
I had a really crazy , intense week of finals and I could n't contain myself when I got it and ripped it open .
What a pleasant surprise after an extremely draining week !!!
Thank you so much secret santa for your extremely thoughtful gifts -
I 'd love to send you a Christmas / Thank you card if you want to share your identity =)
Have a wonderful , warm holiday season !
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
ExxonMobil , the Michael Jordan of climate change denial , was supposed to have quit the game .
In 2005 , Mother Jones reported that the oil company had pumped $ 8 million into more than 40 think tanks , media outlets , and consumer groups that questioned the existence of climate change .
In 2007 , new CEO Rex Tillerson announced that the company would try to “ soften ” its dirty image .
A few months later , it pledged to stop funding groups “ whose position on climate change could divert attention ” from the need for clean energy .
Yet corporate records released earlier this year show that the world ’s largest petroleum company has n’t cut off the cash altogether .
In 2008 , it gave at least $ 50,000 to the Heritage Foundation , which recently published a report claiming that the Waxman - Markey climate bill will kill millions of jobs , boost electricity prices 90 percent , and cost a typical family $ 4,600 per year in taxes and extra energy costs by 2035 .
Sarah Palin posted a segment of the report on her Facebook page .
( In reality , the Congressional Budget Office has found that the bill would cost the average household $ 175 a year by 2020 ; the EPA pegs its cost at no more than $ 140 per household per year . )
In 2008 , ExxonMobil also gave more than $ 100,000 to the Atlas Economic Research Foundation , which supports overseas groups that often oppose action on global warming .
Atlas ’ websites in 14 countries translate and syndicate stories and videos such as a recent interview about “ Climategate ” with the Cato Institute ’s resident global warming skeptic , Patrick Michaels .
In addition , it has supported more than 200 libertarian think tanks in countries including Spain , China , and Ghana .
In the lead - up to Copenhagen , more than 76 think tanks in 48 countries signed its petition against “ Green Protectionism , ” creating the impression of a global grassroots movement opposed to action on climate change .
Since 1998 , ExxonMobil and its foundations have given Atlas nearly $ 1 million .
Meanwhile , Exxon is basking in the glow of its supposed change of heart .
In August , Forbes ( whose publisher , Steve Forbes , sits on the board of the FreedomWorks Foundation ) hailed Tillerson for not being “ as gruff and forceful as his predecessor Lee R. Raymond in dismissing global warming alarmists . ”
For that , and the company ’s efforts to pump more natural gas , the magazine named ExxonMobil “ Green Company of the Year . ”
UPDATE : Media Maters itemizes Exxon ’s extensive donations to groups that have trumpeted the overblown ClimateGate affair .
Click here for the next member of the dirty dozen .
Click here to return to the main page .
Where to get payday loans direct lenders ?
A payday loan direct lender is a smart solution to short - term financial shortage .
It will help you if you are suddenly out of income or have unexpected expenses shortly before payday .
The payday loan direct lender can be handled easily online at https://green-touch.org/.
You do n’t have to go anywhere or send a lot of documents .
You have the money immediately after the loan has been approved and most importantly – you are in the care of a reputable banking institution all the time .
Loan before payday – even at weekends
Zaloan Bank online loans have a worldwide tradition since 2005 and have helped millions of clients .
You can apply for a loan easily online – in non -stop mode , even over the weekend – and we ’re sending you online immediately .
The Zaloan Quick Loan can be up to US $ 20 to US $ 20,000 , with a maturity of between 7 and 45 days , or up to 60 days .
Learn more about the benefits of a pre-pay loan
You ’ll pay out loans before payday thanks to the internet today !
This comfort is also used by Zaloan Bank ’s non -stop service .
Apply here for an overdraft of Micro , Plus or Credit loan up to CZK 80,000 , for which you determine the amount of the amount transferred to your account .
Zaloan banka wants to become an online mobile bank with maximum client comfort .
They already have around 2.5 million worldwide .
Join them as well and take your first loan up to $ 9,000 for free , with no $ 1 interest or fees .
This means that you will borrow , for example , CZK 6,000 and will return CZK 6,000 in the agreed term , usually after payment .
Loans before payout for each responsible client
Zaloan loans – whether Micro to 20,000 CZK , Credit to 80,000 CZK or Plus to 25,000 CZK to repeat customers – are available to clients continuously and with minimal administrative requirements .
It will also be achieved by the unemployed , students , pensioners , parents on parent or start - ups .
All of them have been taking them in the Czech Republic since 2005 .
The advantage of lending before paying Zaloan was also used by Mrs. Milada
Indulge yourself in the new Zaloan Credit loan
Micro loans before payout are available to Czech citizens from the age of 19 , as well as today ’s highly sought - after Zaloan Credit , similar to an overdraft facility from CZK 2,500 to CZK 80,000 .
As a trusted customer , you draw money from it repeatedly and under better conditions than Micro Loans .
The advantage is that you operate your Zaloan Credit completely online .
All terms and conditions of the loan are given in advance , just watch the timely repayment according to the agreed schedule .
This will allow you to do without registers in the future and get other loans , such as a mortgage .
The Zaloan Credit Loan also includes other benefits – flexible monthly reimbursement , a choice of repayment period or payment holiday of up to 2 times per year .
You always pay only the daily interest ( 0.2833 % ) and the fee for drawing the amount ( 12.5 % )
“ I highly recommend , discussing immediately , no problems , complete satisfaction , ” says Jarmila H about the benefits of a loan before paying Zaloan Credit .
Mr. Jiri B. adds : ” Speed ​​and satisfaction .
Thank you . ”
In almost every home , something has to be paid for at times , but a thousand or a few thousand are missing .
Unfortunately , according to the law of approval , this usually happens when the accounts are exhausted .
But there is now a lot of help nearby – try out loans before paying from the traditional and reliable Zaloan Bank .
Solve possible financial difficulties before payout in a few minutes
Zaloan Credit from CZK 2500 to CZK 80,000 repeatedly covers the temporary shortage of funds before payout , or helps with sudden spending .
Zaloan loans before payday are a smart solution in situations where you need to pay and you do n’t have the money , but you know you will have one in a month .
There is only minimal interest on a short - term quick loan – it would be a shame not to use it .
You will simply arrange your Zaloan Credit online through this site and you can start repaying loans before payout immediately after the credit limit is approved .
It will appear in your account in a few minutes .
Zaloan Credit : Constant access to money is liberating
In financial distress , the awareness that you are not alone is important .
The lack of finances is certainly stressful and negatively affects interpersonal relationships , but however difficult your situation is , you will certainly solve it with the help of others .
Although money is not a source of happiness , it helps to create more opportunities .
For example , Zaloan Credit , which offers short - term loans as well as long - term installment loans , will cover your car repair or the settlement of several unexpected bills before paying .
There is always a solution – whether you need a bike to go to work , get money to repair an electric appliance or pay for a veterinary service , access to money is liberating .
So if you are considering a loan , there is nothing easier than turning to Zaloan Bank , which has been a pioneer in financial technology and mobile loans since 2005 , helping people in need .
At the same time , the Zaloan Bank mission is simple – to provide a fast , best and user - friendly banking service 24 hours a day , 7 days a week .
You will complete the loan application in a few minutes , submit it online and often have the money in your account , so easy it is .
Go from the traditional small pre-pay loan to the generous Zaloan Credit loan .
Take advantage of the possibility to borrow up to CZK 80,000 free for 30 days .
As Mr. René , who said in the review : “ I am surprised at the speed and helpfulness of the negotiations .
I recommend Zaloan loans before payday . “
Lexington , Missouri ( CNN ) --
Police arrested a sixth member of a Missouri family under investigation for allegations of child sexual abuse , police said .
Darrel Mohler has been charged with two counts of rape , Lafayette County Sheriff Kerrick Alumbaugh said at a news conference .
Missouri police did not have Mohler in custody earlier .
On the request of Missouri officials , Marion County authorities went to Mohler 's home in Silver Springs , Florida , and caught him just before he pulled into the driveway , according to a news release from the Marion County Sheriff 's Office .
He was subsequently arrested .
Mohler told police he " was aware of what was going on in Missouri , " and that he had not been there since the 1980s , according to the sheriff 's office .
Five members of the Mohler family of Lafayette County , Missouri , were arrested earlier this week after six alleged victims , who are relatives of the five suspects , made accusations of sexual abuse .
A sixth person , described as an " associate " of the family , was arrested Thursday but released Friday , police said .
The six alleged victims -- all now adults -- came to law enforcement authorities with stories of sexual performances , mock weddings , rape with various objects and a forced abortion during their childhoods , according to court documents obtained by CNN affiliate KSHB in Kansas City .
CNN does not identify alleged sexual assault victims .
Police did not have enough to charge Darrel Mohler earlier , but after examining the victims ' statements , obtained enough information to charge him , Alumbaugh said .
He added that he does not think Darrel is on the run .
Darrel Mohler , 72 , is the younger brother of Burrell Edward Mohler Sr. , 77 , according to KSHB .
On Tuesday , authorities arrested Mohler Sr. and his sons Burrell Edward Mohler Jr. , 53 ; David A. Mohler , 52 ; Jared Leroy Mohler , 48 ; and Roland Neil Mohler , 47 .
More charges against the family members are expected next week , the sheriff said .
Current charges for some of the arrested include rape , deviate sexual assault and use [ of ] child in sexual performance , according to Missouri State Courts online case management system .
Alumbaugh said that Larry Kidd , 55 , of Kansas City , Missouri -- an " associate " of the Mohler family -- was picked up by police following a tip , cooperated with police and has been released .
The alleged abuse took place from the mid-1980s until 1995 and possibly beyond , the sheriff said earlier .
The documents provide graphic details of the alleged abuse provided by one of the alleged victims .
All of the charges stem from those documents , Alumbaugh said .
Mohler Sr. , David Mohler and Jared Mohler are all lay ministers in the Community of Christ , the Independence , Missouri - based organization said in a statement .
Lay ministers are volunteers who do not receive compensation , said the organization , and none of the three served in leadership roles or worked with children .
Mohler Sr. went through the group 's registered youth worker program , but " his youth worker registration has been terminated and we understand he had no contact with children or youth in church programs , " the statement said .
Some lay ministers might help take care of the church , while others might speak at services , said the organization 's spokeswoman , Linda Booth .
The Community of Christ is an offshoot of the modern - day Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints .
It split off from the Mormon church in the 1800s , and in 2000 changed its name to Community of Christ from the Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints .
Investigators earlier this week searched several properties for evidence , but there were no plans to continue the searches , Alumbaugh said Friday .
He declined to comment on any evidence found .
CNN 's Sara Weisfeldt contributed to this report .
Advertisements
The Republican Party and its Right Wing Nuts continue to bombard the American people with lies and misleading information on everything from healthcare reform to the economy to jobs .
They have managed to win the “ message ” war by convincing mainstream Americans that they have everything to fear from the Obama administration .
The GOP has given FEAR a new and outrageous energy all centered on our esteemed President .
They have attacked his patriotism , his race , his religion , his wife , his work ethic , his birth , his demeanor , his strength , his character , his travel , his speeches , his vision , his message , his community service , his record , his staff , his cabinet , his appointments , his policies , his vacations , his intelligence , his education , his timing , his associates , his respect for other nations and leaders , and so much more .
I have never seen anything like this before .
The GOP has manipulated the media with so much fear mongering on such a constant and extreme basis that the American people truly do n’t know what to believe anymore .
They have assassinated the President ’s character and administration on every level and at every turn ; and they have not let up for a second .
Advertisements
Former VP Dick Cheney has led the pack in fear mongering .
Dick Cheney is the real “ axis ” of evil .
His need to project to the United States and the rest of the world that President Obama and his administration are weak is completely un-American and should be investigated .
There should be charges brought against him for defaming the character and office of the President of the United States of America .
Why is the nation listening and taking his word as truth ?
Should n’t there be some reservations about Cheney ’s character ?
He was a man who operated in almost total secrecy while in office but now finds himself in front of every camera available except Rachel Maddow of MSNBC .
Is n’t Cheney the man who “ accidentally shot his good friend in a hunting incident ?
I$ $s n’t Cheney the man who called for illegal torture when information was already gained through proper channels ?
Is n’t Cheney the man who desperately tried to get his chief of staff , Scooter Libby , pardoned by Bush after Libby had been convicted of leaking the identity of a CIA official whose husband questioned the legitimacy of information leading up to the war in Iraq ?
Has America forgotten these facts ?
Well , let me refresh your memory .
( Trusted journalist and former “ Meet the Press ” commentator , Tim Russert on Cheney ’s chief of staff trial and conviction )
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
How can Cheney play such a judgmental role against our President of ten months ?
Under his watch , our country was viciously and horrifically attacked by terrorists .
The Bush / Cheney administration had received legitimate warnings , but Cheney chose to ignore them .
And when given the opportunity to catch and prosecute those responsible for the tragic loss of thousands of people , he was nowhere to be found .
When troops were sent to find and capture Osama bin Laden , a special Senate report this week verified the fact that bin Laden had been in our reach but he got away because the Bush administration took their eyes off the target and shifted the war to Iraq on a bogus claim about weapons of mass destruction .
We lost thousands of troops and billions of dollars based off this decision to attack Iraq by the Bush / Cheney administration .
We also lost the respect and strong allied efforts and support of the rest of the world .
Our global image was destroyed based on how Bush and Cheney played cowboys with our valuable troops ’ lives and the resources of this nation .
There were inhumane actions carried out by some of the officers under GOP Secretary Rumsfeld ’s watch .
Then they operated in major secrecy and held illegal torturing .
They created this horrible mess in Iraq and Afghanistan with captives who have yet to be tried in a legal system and they added to our mounting deficit .
The prison at Guantanamo€ still represents an embarrassment to the US and will continue to do so until President Obama can have it shut down hopefully next year .
No one would associate the word weak with the President of the United States if Dick Cheney and his daughter Liz Cheney had not been traveling the media networks proclaiming it to the top of their voices .
It is extremely sad and disrespectful when you have the former VP of the United States speaking out against the office of the Presidency as if he were talking about a common criminal .
The President has shown good faith , a steady hand , a good heart and thoughtful judgment in finding resolutions for all the enormous issues and disasters created by the GOP in the last eight years .
President Barack Obama is not a war hawk .
He is a man of peace which is why he was selected to receive the Nobel Peace prize .
His intentions have been to unite a world without nuclear weapons .
It takes a stronger man to be about peace than war .
He really cares about the troops .
He carries the weight of their journeys , their struggles , their deaths and injuries .
He honors their service to our country .
He feels for the stress and the impacts on their families .
After all these years of the Bush / Cheney wars , the American people are taking their grief out on Obama because he is left with his back against the wall having to still protect this country with a horrible mess that he did not create .
Bush and Cheney took their focus off those responsible for the horrific attack on 9/11 and created a bogus war in Iraq .
Without the troops necessary in Afghanistan the Taliban was able to reestablish themselves to be stronger and tougher with far more corruption than what existed in 2001 .
Now Barack Obama has to figure out how to keep us from being attacked again when he ’s probably getting intelligence that he is unable to speak on .
He continues to be blamed for the previous administration ’s dirty deeds .
Let ’s not forget that this time last year we were falling off the cliff as a nation , heading
for another great depression .
But the fear mongering of the GOP along with constant support from the main stream media outlets has managed to convince the average American that the President created this nightmare and is unable to fix it .
That is not the truth .
That is fear mongering at its best .
The facts are that the GOP sells FEAR and misleading information .
They claim to be worried about the deficit until we start talking about WAR .
Then the stimulus
sounds pretty good from their perspective .
Sarah Palin is another so called Conservative who seriously manufactures FEAR and distorted information and peddles it to the American public .
She ’s using the airwaves to put the overused birther lie regarding the President back in the news .
She knows it is not the truth , but she also knows that the truth is not relevant and does not matter in today ’s news .
Sarah knows that FEAR does matter and she is great at promoting it through the media while playing victim to the media .
In closing the FACT is that the stimulus has saved jobs .
The Fact is that stimulus dollars are going to infrastructure projects .
The Fact is employment numbers are getting better .
The Fact is that the main stream media and the GOP have no interest in promoting facts .
The FACT is the President needs our support .
The Fact is that the GOP promotes FEAR to the point we are again a much divided country .
The FACT is that the GOP is creating weakness in this great nation .
And they are promoting that FACT to the WORLD !
Escorts | ( 127036 ) Escorts agencies and independents providers located in the Montreal area .
Massages | ( 40459 ) Erotic massage provided in parlors or by independents in the Montreal area .
Personal Quote :
[ on the womens rights movement ]
They tried it the wrong way .
You can't expect anyone to take you seriously if you burn your undies and tell me I 'm a pig .
That 's why it failed .
Too many ugly broads telling me that they do n't want to sleep with me .
Who wanted you anyway ?
Goldman Sachs ( GS ) has put out a response to the piece from the New York Times 's Gretchen Morgenson and Louise Story , claiming the bank bet against its clients and won .
-----
Background : The New York Times published a story on December 24th primarily focused on the synthetic collateralized debt obligation business of Goldman Sachs .
In response to questions from the paper prior to publication , Goldman Sachs made the following points .
As reporters and commentators examine some of the aspects of the financial crisis , interest has gravitated toward a variety of products associated with the mortgage market .
One of these products is synthetic collateralized debt obligations ( CDOs ) , which are referred to as synthetic because the underlying credit exposure is taken via credit default swaps rather than by physically owning assets or securities .
The following points provide a summary of how these products worked and why they were created .
Any discussion of Goldman Sachs ’ association with this product must begin with our overall activities in the mortgage market .
Goldman Sachs , like other financial institutions , suffered significant losses in its residential mortgage portfolio due to the deterioration of the housing market ( we disclosed $ 1.7 billion in residential mortgage exposure write - downs in 2008 ) .
These losses would have been substantially higher had we not hedged .
We consider hedging the cornerstone of prudent risk management .
Synthetic CDOs were an established product for corporate credit risk as early as 2002 .
With the introduction of credit default swaps referencing mortgage products in 2004 - 2005 , it is not surprising that market participants would consider synthetic CDOs in the context of mortgages .
Although precise tallies of synthetic CDO issuance are not readily available , many observers would agree the market size was in the hundreds of billions of dollars .
Many of the synthetic CDOs arranged were the result of demand from investing clients seeking long exposure .
Synthetic CDOs were popular with many investors prior to the financial crisis because they gave investors the ability to work with banks to design tailored securities which met their particular criteria , whether it be ratings , leverage or other aspects of the transaction .
The buyers of synthetic mortgage CDOs were large , sophisticated investors .
These investors had significant in - house research staff to analyze portfolios and structures and to suggest modifications .
They did not rely upon the issuing banks in making their investment decisions .
For static synthetic CDOs , reference portfolios were fully disclosed .
Therefore , potential buyers could simply decide not to participate if they did not like some or all the securities referenced in a particular portfolio .
Synthetic CDOs require one party to be long the risk and the other to be short so without the short position , a transaction could not take place .
It is fully disclosed and well known to investors that banks that arranged synthetic CDOs took the initial short position and that these positions could either have been applied as hedges against other risk positions or covered via trades with other investors .
Most major banks had similar businesses in synthetic mortgage CDOs .
As housing price growth slowed and then turned negative , the disruption in the mortgage market resulted in synthetic CDO losses for many investors and financial institutions , including Goldman Sachs , effectively putting an end to this market .
Windows : Cygwin , the utility that opens Windows up to Linux / Unix / Mac - style command line powers , has updated to support Windows 7 , accept more filenames with special characters , and do a whole lot more nitty - gritty terminal stuff a whole lot better .
Advertisement
Photo by WikiMedia Commons .
There 's a whole lot of detail to the What 's New section of Cygwin 's 1.7 release , but the big bullet points for users wondering if they should upgrade are support for multiple installations , new and better authentication methods , IPv6 configuration , and the aforementioned support for Windows 7 ( and Windows Server 2008 R2 ) .
Advertisement
Need a primer on getting started with Cygwin , or grasping what it can do ?
Gina got all kinds of geeky with it in three detailed walkthroughs , along with detailing how to set up a personal SSH server for powerful remote access to a home PC .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Cygwin is a free download for Windows systems only .
NEW major release : cygwin-1.7.1-1 [ Corinna Vinschen via OSNews ]
LIMA , Peru —
Years after trying to shoot their way into power , dozens of former guerrillas in Latin America have found a better way to help chart their country 's future — through the ballot box .
A former member of the M - 19 guerrillas in Colombia is a senator .
Several one - time rebels in El Salvador are congressmen , and one was elected as the country 's vice president in March .
In the latest example , Jose Mujica , who spent 14 years in prison for waging war against the state as a Tupamaro guerrilla , was elected president of Uruguay at the end of November .
" Is there anything better than having the people who thought that killing , kidnapping and robbing was the path to power then decide to join the political process and earn their way to high office without rigging elections ? " said Arturo Porzecanski , a Uruguayan who is an American University professor .
The one - time guerrillas typically express no regrets that they took up arms .
" We have democratic governments today in many cases because of the heroic struggles , " said Sigfrido Reyes , a former FMLN guerrilla in El Salvador who is now the vice president of the country 's Congress .
" George Washington had to lead an armed struggle against the British .
Simon Bolivar used arms to overthrow the Spanish . "
Today 's one - time rebels typically chose a violent path during the 1970s and 1980s when military dictatorships or authoritarian elected governments squelched dissident and freedom , often in the name of stamping out communists .
The generals returned to the barracks in the 1980s and 1990s , and newly elected democratic governments gave amnesties to guerrillas that allowed them to return to civilian life in return for forswearing violence .
Today , the only remaining guerrilla groups in Latin America are the FARC and the ELN , both in Colombia .
" The political success of leftist parties and movements in the region weakens the idea that violent strategies are necessary for substantive change , strengthening the legitimacy of electoral procedures and representative democracy , " said William Aviles , a Latin American expert at the University of Nebraska .
The former guerrillas began winning elections in the 1980s in Central America and have steadily won more important races throughout Latin America as they have gained the public 's trust .
Their success has contributed to the leftward turn of Latin America in recent years .
Former guerrillas now hold key positions throughout Latin America .
Alvaro Garcia , who was just re-elected as Bolivia 's vice president , was a leader in the Tupac Katari Guerrilla Army that bombed 48 pipelines and electric pylons in the late 1980s and early 1990s .
Garcia was captured in 1992 , tortured and spent five years in prison , before becoming a respected professor and political analyst .
Vice President Salvador Sanchez of El Salvador and at least a dozen congressmen — including Reyes — fought with the FMLN guerrillas against the country 's military dictatorship .
Dilma Rousseff , a former cabinet minister favored by President Luis Inacio Lula da Silva to succeed him in next year 's presidential elections , joined a guerrilla movement against Brazil 's military dictatorship and spent nearly three years in prison before becoming an economist .
Brazilian Congressman Fernando Gabeira was part of a group that kidnapped U.S. Ambassador Charles Elbrick in 1969 to protest U.S. - backed military rule .
The group released Elbrick four days later in exchange for the freedom of 15 political prisoners .
One of them was Jose Dirceu , who went on to become Lula 's chief adviser in the Workers ' Party .
President Daniel Ortega of Nicaragua actually did shoot his way into power with the Sandinista guerrillas before winning the presidency twice .
Nicaragua 's Congress includes guerrillas who fought with the Sandinistas and the so - called " Contras " who tried to overthrow them in the 1980s .
Victor Hugo Tinoco said he is one of several former Sandinista guerrillas elected to Congress who oppose Ortega because the government " does n't respect the rights of individuals . "
Yehude Simon was imprisoned for eight years on charges of conspiring with the MRTA guerrillas in Peru before being pardoned and then being elected governor of Lambayeque state .
From 2008 - 09 , he served as Peru 's appointed prime minister .
" Not many people are improved by prison , but Yehude was one , " said Curt Struble , a former U.S. ambassador in Peru .
" His personal experience clearly left him convinced that an excess of passion in politics was extremely dangerous and that conciliation of divergent interests was best .
I found Yehude to be an exemplary democrat in that sense . "
At least a dozen members of Uruguay 's 130 - member Congress fought as Tupamaros against an authoritarian democratic government in the 1970s , including Juan Jose Dominguez , a substitute senator who spent nearly 16 years in prison and was freed in a 1985 amnesty .
" We 've decided to fight through the electoral process , " Dominguez said , noting that Mujica heads a coalition known as the Broad Front that has governed under a non-Tupamaro president , Tabare Vazquez , the last five years .
" We 've instituted the program of one computer per child , " Dominguez said .
" We 've improved salaries for workers , and we want maids to get a fairer salary .
We 're doing a lot of the things we wanted back then . "
Dominguez added : " Mujica has told the military that they should n't be in the business of hating people . "
Several former guerrillas have said the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 and contact with moderate socialists in Europe convinced them that they could achieve more by surrendering their weapons and entering politics .
Several who went to live in the Soviet Union found that it was n't the workers ' paradise they had envisioned .
In the case of Sen. Gustavo Petro , the former M - 19 guerrilla in Colombia , he said he decided that he could achieve more by returning to civilian life .
" The fight for social equality and democracy is the same , " Petro said .
" My methods are now peaceful .
Times have changed . "
What he learned living underground may still come in handy , however .
Petro keeps an AK - 47 in his bedroom because his exposes of political corruption have produced an avalanche of death threats .
Incubator NE
Incubator NE ( NE stands for New Economy ) is an arm of SKYLINE knowledge Center and actively seeks out new economy pioneering entrepreneurs having passion for enhancing lives of millions of consumers and leaving lasting impact on society .
Indian examples being MakeMytrip in travel & hospitality , Flipkart & Snapdeal in ecommerce , Urbanclap in household & lifestyle services sector , Naukri in professional mobility , Ola in personal transport etc .
Novelty of an idea with scale of impact on consumers , Businesses , Social ventures , ventures aiming at bottom of pyramid is the criteria for mentoring & funding .
Passionate entrepreneurs with high grade academic credentials & domain depth may contact at knowledge@skylineknowledgecenter.com or contact - 9810877385 .
Funding Portfolio
Former CNN host Lou Dobbs fueled already rampant speculation about his political future Monday , sending the clearest signals yet that he 's mulling a bid for president — and leaving third - party political operatives salivating over the possibility of a celebrity recruit for the 2012 campaign .
Dobbs mulls
White House bid
Former CNN host Lou Dobbs fueled already rampant speculation about his political future Monday , sending the clearest signals yet that he 's mulling a bid for president — and leaving third - party political operatives salivating over the possibility of a celebrity recruit for the 2012 campaign .
Less than two weeks after announcing his departure from the cable network — and after a series of interviews in which Dobbs encouraged speculation about his political plans — the anchorman known to fans as " Mr. Independent " finally made his presidential ambitions explicit on former Sen.
Fred Thompson 's radio show Monday .
Advertisement
Asked if he might make a run at the White House in 2012 , Dobbs answered flatly : " Yes is the answer . "
" I 'm going to be talking some more with some folks who want me to listen in the next few weeks , " Dobbs told Thompson .
" Right now I 'm fortunate to have a number of wonderful options . "
Dobbs 's political future , however , remains shrouded in question marks .
He has left open a variety of paths to public office — in addition to toying with a presidential campaign , Dobbs has n't ruled out a bid for the Senate in 2012 in New Jersey — and also left his party affiliation a mystery .
A representative for Dobbs said his schedule did not permit him to comment for this story by deadline .
Though Dobbs 's criticism of the Obama administration and his famously conservative views on illegal immigration have raised the prospect he could run for office as a Republican , he has staked out a rhetorical position that places him outside both parties .
In 2007 , he penned a book titled , " Independents Day : Awakening the American Spirit , " and in his final CNN broadcast , Dobbs took broad aim at a political culture " defined in the public arena by partisanship and ideology rather than by rigorous , empirical thought and forthright analysis and discussion . "
And in an appearance on CNBC last week , Dobbs told Larry Kudlow that he " absolutely " planned to remain independent of a political party .
After two consecutive presidential cycles in which independent contenders had virtually no impact at the polls , independent political strategists are delighted at the prospect of a third - party campaign for the White House headlined by a high - profile , TV - friendly candidate with the potential to scramble the national political map .
" I would assume he 's going independent , since he 's made a very strong case that that 's where he is , " said Bay Buchanan , who ran Pat Buchanan 's 2000 campaign for president as the Reform Party 's candidate .
" There 's enormous movement out there , I think more so than when Pat ran .
I think they 've really given up on Republicans , they 've given up on Democrats ; so he would be stepping into something where a path had been laid . "
Buchanan added : " I think he can win . "
Even independent political operatives less ideologically aligned with Dobbs — Buchanan , like Dobbs , is an immigration hawk — say he represents an enormous opportunity for foes of the two - party system .
" Lou Dobbs , I think , would be a perfect candidate for us , " said former Sen .
Dean Barkley , the founder of the Minnesota Reform Party ( later known as the Minnesota Independence Party ) who managed former Gov. Jesse Ventura 's successful third - party campaign in 1998 .
" We were hoping he would have run last time . "
The notion of a cable news personality running for high office seems less far - fetched one year after former comedian and liberal talk - radio host Al Franken upset expectations by defeating an incumbent Republican senator in Minnesota , and after television stars such as MSNBC's Chris Matthews explored running for office and Fox 's Glenn Beck leaped directly into political activism .
Indeed , operatives say , Dobbs 's talent for communicating with a national audience could serve him well as an outsider candidate .
" You know he 's got a pretty good sensibility with an audience , " said media consultant Bill Hillsman , who worked on third - party campaigns for Ventura and gubernatorial candidates Kinky Friedman in Texas and Chris Daggett in New Jersey .
" There are n't too many people who you can say have that particular skill on a national basis , if you 're looking at independents , " said Hillsman , who said he urged Dobbs in a letter to run as an independent candidate in New Jersey 's 2009 gubernatorial election .
Still , even with his star power , there could be serious limits to the appeal of a candidate best known for his opposition to immigration reform and his indulgence of conspiracy theories about President Barack Obama 's birth certificate .
While Dobbs 's views on immigration might get him a toehold with some constituencies , there 's little modern evidence that opposition to immigration can power a national campaign .
In order to have a shot at gaining traction nationally , Dobbs would have to tap into populist anger on a broader range of issues , according to Clay Mulford , who managed Ross Perot 's presidential campaign in 1992 .
" There 's a populist streak in the voting public that spans both left and right , and so you 've got the combination of this protectionist element and immigration on one hand , on the right .
And on the left you 've got this anti-bailout , Wall Street , focus - on - Main Street kind of sentiment , " Mulford said .
" That streak in American politics is something that 's often ignored . "
But Mulford , whom New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg consulted in 2008 about a possible independent presidential bid of his own , also poured some cold water on the Dobbs - for - President talk , noting that even a charismatic television personality would face a tough adjustment to the campaign trail .
Dobbs would encounter daunting structural obstacles to fundraising and a patchwork of ballot - access laws that tilt the playing field against any third - party contender .
On top of that , Mulford said , Dobbs 's hard - line views on immigration might restrict his national appeal in " a country of immigrants . "
" The Electoral College makes it , unless you 're going to really be at the 30 percent level and go from there , it 's a hard slog , nationwide , " Mulford warned .
" Without some really substantive positions , given his lack of experience , a national effort would be difficult . "
And for all the talk of a presidential campaign , Dobbs has yet to contact leading third - party operatives such as Buchanan , Hillsman , Mulford or Ed Rollins , the Perot campaign veteran who shared Dobbs 's affiliation with CNN until the anchor quit this month , the operatives said .
Given the hurdles Dobbs would have to clear in order to run nationally , Democrats in his home state of New Jersey are responding seriously to Dobbs 's hints about a Senate campaign .
" I assume he'd be a formidable candidate in terms of his skills and his ability to raise funds or self - fund , " said a Democratic consultant based in New Jersey .
" None of us are sitting around going , ' Oh , that 's a joke . ' "
At the same time , the Democrat said , Dobbs would be hampered from the first day of a Senate campaign by the optics of running as a border security hard - liner against the Senate 's lone Hispanic .
" He 's probably out of the mainstream on a bulk of issues .
He 's going to have a particularly delicate time running against the Senate 's only Latino member .
He certainly has no infrastructure on which to build in New Jersey , " the consultant said .
" I do n't sense that anyone is sitting around going , ' Lou Dobbs is the next big thing . ' "
Even as independents look eagerly forward to a possible Dobbs campaign — for president or another office —
Republicans have responded much more warily to suggestions that Dobbs , a resident of Sussex County , could run for Senate on the GOP ticket in 2012 .
" I do n't think people know whether he'd run as a Republican and also do n't know where he stands on anything but immigration , " said a Republican strategist from New Jersey .
Brian Walsh , a spokesman for the National Republican Senatorial Committee , told POLITICO : " It 's not even on our radar screen .
Neither New Jersey senator is up in 2010 , and 2010 is where our sole focus is right now . "
As Cirque du Soleil swings into the Bay Area with its U.S. premiere of “ Ovo , ” the French Canadian troupe is celebrating not only its 25th anniversary of popping eyeballs and dropping jaws around the globe but also a historic breakthrough .
It ’s the first time in the company ’s history , from its start as a ragtag band of street performers to its current status as a global entertainment juggernaut , that one of its high - flying spectacles has been directed by a woman .
Sacre bleu .
Enter dancer / choreographer Deborah Colker , who freely admits it was daunting to be the first woman to be in charge of a Cirque du Soleil production .
She ’s also the first dance maven to take the helm .
“ Ovo ” has pitched its tent at San Francisco ’s AT&T Park before vaulting into a tent near San Jose ’s Taylor Street Bridge on Feb .
4 .
“ Yes , there is pressure , as a woman within the male power structure , ” says the director , her lilting Portuguese accent coming across the phone lines from her native Brazil .
“ Also , there is pressure to do something special for the anniversary , to do a great show . ”
After all , the once avant - garde circus , which began in 1984 in Montreal , is now one of the most recognizable entertainment brands in the world .
From “ O ” and “ Ka ” to the upcoming “ Viva Elvis , ” Cirque ’s homage to the king , this franchise has a reputation for out - glitzing everything in its path .
This year Cirque has no fewer than 20 shows up and running from Las Vegas to Macao , thankyaverymuch .
This groundbreaking woman chose to tell the story about the circle of life — a bug ’s life , that is .
“ Ovo ” ( which comes from the Latin for egg ) plunges us into the creepy , crawly universe of insects , from ladybugs to butterflies , who one day encounter a strange new object ( an egg ) in their midst .
The realm of the minute is writ large through a menagerie of world - class contortionists , acrobats and gymnasts who seem to defy the laws of physics .
“ The egg is a metaphor for the cycle of life , ” Colker , 49 , says .
“ It is food , it is fertility , it is the natural world .
What began it all ?
It ’s about transformation . ”
Colker credits her homeland with the boisterous tone of her work , which has been described by dance aesthetes as edgy and gymnastic , even punk .
The director has little patience for the traditional boundaries between genres like dance , theater and circus .
“ This is my energy , this is how I work , this is how I breathe , ” she says .
“ We are a new country , like America .
We like to mix things up . ”
She says that cultural aesthetic propels her to leap into the unknown artistically , shaking up convention whenever possible .
As the New York Times once noted , “ Perhaps the most salient characteristic of Ms. Colker ’s work since she founded the company that bears her name 15 years ago has been her desire to toy with perceptions of dimension , direction and distance . ”
She muses : “ People from Europe with its long traditions have rules and concepts that come down through the ages .
We do not .
I respect tradition , of course , but I live in the contemporary world and my focus is different .
I like to take chances , to do something new and different . ”
That ’s why being the first choreographer to take a whirl under the big top held such appeal .
Cirque has long been famous for mashing up high art and pop culture .
Remember the headless men in bowlers ( shades of Magritte ) juxtaposed with skateboards in “ Quidam ” ?
Consider the Chinese dragon puppets of “ Dralion ” and the erotica of “ Zumanity . ”
Cirque may not use animals , but that is the only taboo in this tent .
“ I love to find new ways to use the body to subvert the space , ” Colker says .
“ How do you make a narrative out of dance ?
How do you take all the best acrobats in the world and maintain absolutely perfect execution and yet tell a simple story ?
It ’s almost impossible . ”
Indeed , after all these years of cranking out shows , it is harder and harder to raise the bar .
Once you have conquered water ( “ O ” ) , sex ( “ Zumanity ” ) , the Beatles ( “ Love ” ) and Elvis ( “ Viva Elvis ” ) , how do you keep finding new worlds to explore ?
“ The expectations are high , ” she says .
“ Cirque has shows all over the world ; it has to make them all different .
It ’s hard , no ?
It ’s like a factory making shows everywhere from China and Japan to Las Vegas .
There is pressure to delight audiences this year , which is a special year , but also to open new doors . ”
Indeed , detractors of Cirque feel that the factory ’s goods are beginning to look a bit shopworn .
The last time actor / comedian Geoff Hoyle went to Cirque ( “ Kooza ” ) he found the show formulaic at best .
In fact , he was so bored he left at the intermission .
“ Cirque du Soleil is now as interesting , as loud and as oppressive as a demolition derby for me , ” says Hoyle , a master clown in his own right .
“ I was impressed by the first show “ … but it has been downhill from there for me .
No edge , no bite , no wit .
It ’s difficult because of their hegemonic success with audiences and incredible business acumen , but , honestly , where ’s the child pointing out the emperor ’s new clothes ? ”
Fans of the Cirque oeuvre , on the other hand , hail the troupe for pushing toward reinvention every time out .
They say the company harnesses the unique talents of artists as diverse as Robert Lepage and Elvis with as much imagination as marketing muscle .
“ Cirque is still pulsing and vibrant after all these years because they pull from artistic developments around the world .
They do n’t have a static definition of themselves or circus in general , ” notes Patty Gallagher , a theater professor at UC - Santa Cruz with a special affinity for the circus arts .
“ They do n’t say ‘ This is what Cirque is : If you want to work with us , adapt to us . ’
Instead they look around the globe for compelling and visionary artists and say , ‘ How might they change Cirque ? ’
I ’m always impressed and amazed by the creative teams they assemble . ”
For its part , Cirque seems fearless about walking the tightrope between art and commerce to expand its pantheon of derring - do .
There are even rumors of a new Michael Jackson - themed Cirque show .
Talk about a thriller .
“ You have to evolve , ” as Colker puts it .
“ Life is change , that is what it is to be alive . ”
Contact Karen D’Souza at kdsouza@mercurynews.com or 408-271-3772 .
Check out her theater reviews , features and blog at www.mercurynews.com/karen-dsouza.
It should have been obsolete by now .
It has lived it ’s life .
In an era where an average life of a technology is not more then 5 years , GSM survived a whole 21 years !
This in itself is an achievement but nevertheless the very prospect of GSM being broken is scary .
There are an estimated 4.3 billion cell - phone in the world out of which 3.5 million use GSM , the reason being that it was the industry standard because of it ’s unbreakable security which provided secure conversations to mobile phone users .
The credit goes to a German computer scientist who was only 7 when GSM was made in UK at the GSM consortium , the society which formulated the standard and had been it ’s patron ever since .
Name : Karsten Nohl
Profession : Computer Scientist
Claim to Fame : Broke the GSM code book putting 3.5 billion GSM user ’s privacy at stake
< update > Mr. Nohl is in no way a black hat as one of the commentators pointed out .
He must be taken as a Hero to expose the real culprits who brought this upon themselves , the GSM society .
There must have been continuous updates to the algorithm .</update >
Out of the 3.5 billion wireless GSM connections , 99 million are in North American region alone .
So what does this all mean ?
Simple .
Now anyone with as little as $ 2000 in his / her pocket will be able to get cheap surveillance hardware and software off the shelf and use this GSM code book which is now available on torrents ( sorry , you got to search that yourself ) and use it to eavesdrop on your conversations .
So much for privacy .
And it further seems that the GSM society has gone nuts .
In their widely published statement to whitewash this medicated disaster said :
" We strongly suspect that the teams attempting to develop an intercept capability have underestimated its practical complexity , ” GSM said in a statement .
The association noted that hackers intent on illegal eavesdropping would need a radio receiver system and signal processing software to process raw radio data , much of which is copyrighted . "
This is total idiocy .
Why would anyone who wants to eavesdrop on you think about copyright infringement ?
We will keep you updated on further developments and possibly share with you the broken key remaining within the lawful limits though .
Update 1 :
The battle between AT&T and Verizon over who would be the next carrier for iPhone 4G which is expected to be released in the second quarter of 2010 is going to take more heat since AT&T is GSM and Verizon is CDMA which is still relatively a lot secure then the now - broken GSM .
What ’s your take on this ?
[ Reddit this ]
[ image courtesy of Miloh ]
Using brain dumps , you will pass real test on first try .
Download the up to date ccna dumps to guarantee pass your certification exam .
Every year , more than 540 billion pounds of plastic are produced worldwide .
Much of it ends up in the world ’s oceans , a fact that troubles MIT biology professor Anthony Sinskey .
“ Plastic does not degrade in the ocean .
It just gets ground up into tiny particles , ” he says .
In the Pacific Ocean , a vast swath twice the size of Texas teems with tiny bits of oil - based plastic that can poison ocean life .
Sinskey can’t do much about the plastic that ’s already polluting the Earth ’s oceans , but he is trying to help keep the problem from getting worse .
Next month , a company he founded with his former postdoc , Oliver Peoples , will open a new factory that uses MIT - patented technology to build plastic from corn .
The plant aims to produce annually 110 million pounds of the new bioplastic , which biodegrades in soil or the ocean .
That ’s a fraction of one percent of the United States ’ overall plastic production , which totaled 101.5 billion pounds in 2008 .
Though it will take bioplastics a long time before they can start making a dent in that figure , the industry has significant growth potential , says Melissa Hockstad , vice president for science , technology and regulatory affairs for SPI : The Plastics Industry Trade Association .
“ Bioplastics are making inroads into new markets and are an important area to watch for the future of the plastics industry , ” says Hockstad , who noted that the current global market for biodegradable polymers is estimated at about 570 million pounds per year but is expected to more than double by 2012 .
‘ Timing is everything ’
For Sinskey and Peoples , the road started 25 years ago .
Peoples , who had just earned his PhD in molecular biology from the University of Aberdeen , arrived in Sinskey ’s lab in 1984 and set out to sequence a bacterial gene .
Today , high - speed sequencing machines could do the job in about a week .
Back then , it took three years .
That gene , from the bacterium R. eutropha , turned out to code for an enzyme that allows bacteria to produce polyhydroxyalkanoate ( PHA ) — a naturally occurring form of polyester — starting with only sunlight , water , and a carbon source .
( Bacteria normally manufacture PHA as a way to store carbon and energy . )
Sinskey and Peoples realized that if they could ramp up the bacteria ’s plastic producing abilities , they could harness the organisms for industrial use .
In 1994 , they started a company called Metabolix and took out exclusive patents from MIT on the gene work they had done on PHA - synthesizing bacteria .
Thus began a 15 - year effort to develop the technology into a robust , large - scale process , and to win support for such an approach .
On the scientific side , Peoples and the scientists at Metabolix developed a method to incorporate several genes from different bacteria into a strain of E. coli .
Using this process , now called metabolic engineering , they eventually created a strain that produces PHA at levels several - fold higher than naturally occurring bacteria .
However , they had some difficulty generating support ( and funding ) for the idea .
In the early 1990s , the public was not very receptive to the idea of alternative plastics .
“ Oil was $ 20 a barrel , and people did n’t believe in global warming , ” Peoples recalls .
“ Timing is everything , ” says Sinskey .
“ There has to be a market for these materials ” for them to be successful .
‘ Growing interest ’
The scientists believe that consumers are now ready for bioplastics .
Such plastics have been commercially available for about a decade , mostly in the form of plastic cups , bottles and food packaging .
Most of those products are made from a type of plastic called polylactic acid ( PLA ) , which is also produced from corn .
PLA is similar to PHA , but PHA has higher heat resistance , according to Peoples .
Possible uses for the Metabolix bioplastics include packaging , agricultural film , compost bags , business equipment and consumer products such as personal care products , gift cards and pens .
Products like these , along with existing bioplastic products , tap into a “ growing interest in materials that can be made from renewable resources or disposed of through practices such as composting , ” says Hockstad .
The new Metabolix plant , located in Clinton , Iowa , is a joint venture with Archer Daniels Midland .
Metabolix is also working to engineer crops — including switchgrass — that will grow the plastic directly within the plant .
Turning to those agricultural starting materials could help reduce the amount of petroleum needed to manufacture traditional plastics , which currently requires about 2 million barrels of oil per day ( 10 percent of total U.S. daily oil consumption ) .
“ It ’s important to develop alternative ways to make these chemicals , ” says Peoples .
From urbandictionary.com :
" If this page does not get you running low on pairs of socks then there is something wrong with your mother ! " ...
Welcome people , and ehm ... Happy Hunning !
We use advertisers to keep The Hun a free site !
Please support us by checking out what they have to offer .
We have zero tolerance for bad advertisers though .
If you ever run into pop-ups or redirect please contact us so we can fix that problem ! :)
At first glance this movie does n't really belong on an adult website .
Everybody knows this classic movie from 1991 , based on a novel by Thomas Harris , featuring Anthony Hopkins and Jodie Foster in some very suspensive scenes !
So why mention it here ?
Well , that 's got to do with the movie poster .
In particular the moth on the movie poster .
It 's actually made of naked women .
It is Salvador Dali's " In Voluptas Mors " , an interesting post on how that was made can be found here .
The same image was used as inspiration for the movie poster of the movie The Descent from 2005 .
Now you know .
Happy Hunning !
The Hun TUBE
We teamed up with a lot of producers and paysite owners to be able to bring you a peek inside their members ' area .
No short clips or teasers , but full scenes you would otherwise only find locked behind a paysite .
Why ?
' cause they are confident showing what you can expect to see in their members ' area might get you excited enough to try 'em out !
Have fun with these videos ... there are more to come !!!!
8:37 12:07 5:22 6:20 10:50 4:59 18:38 5:05 voyeur 10:18 4:02 4:00 6:12
See the rest of the videos at tube .
thehun.net !
Interested in getting on board ?
Hit us up over email and we 'll set you up !!
Thanks to a new method , there is a reason for hope for patients with very severe depression .
Physicians at the University Clinics of Bonn and Cologne have treated ten patients with deep brain stimulation .
This involved implanting electrodes in the patients ' nucleus accumbens .
This centre has a key role in as the brains reward system , whose function may be impaired in depressive people .
Subsequent to this treatment , the patients ' depression improved significantly in half of the patients .
All patients had suffered from very severe depression for many years and did not respond to any other therapies .
The results of the study will be published in the journal Biological Psychiatry ( doi : 10.1016/j.biopsych.2009.09.013 ) .
In deep brain stimulation , doctors specifically target the impaired function of certain areas of the brain with an electric brain pacemaker .
For the purpose of this study , they implanted electrodes in what is known as the nucleus accumbens .
That is an important part of the ' reward system ' which ensures that we remember good experiences and puts us in a state of pleasant anticipation .
Without a reward system we would not forge any plans for the future as we would not be able to enjoy the fruits of these plans .
Inactivity and the inability to experience pleasure are two important signs of depression .
A total of ten patients with very severe depression participated in the study .
In all patients , symptoms did not improve despite many therapies using psychotherapy or pharmacotherapy .
Overall , all participants showed signy of improvement , in half of them symptoms of depression improved significantly .
Initial effects could sometimes be seen just after a few days .
' Thus , inter alia we observed increasing activity of the patients , ' Professor Thomas E. Schlaepfer from the Bonn Clinic of Psychiatry and Psychotherapy explains .
' This was so successful that some of them were even able to work again , after having been incapacitated for many years .
None of our patients had ever responded to any other therapy to a comparable extent before . '
Hardly any side effects
Five patients ' well - being improved considerably and in a sustained fashion .
Even after a year , the stimulation of the nucleus accumbens still had the same efficacy as at the beginning of the study .
During the study , the scientists also observed distinct anxiety - relieving effects which had not been observed in studies on deep brain stimulation to date .
' Severe anxiety is often an accompanying effect of depression , ' the primary author of the study Dr. Bettina Bevernick explains .
The overall brain function of the participants was not impaired by the treatment , some neurophysiological functions even improved .
Overall , the scientists only noticed minor side effects , e.g. as a consequence of the operation or after changing the electrical parameters of stimulation .
However , these effects always wore off after short periods of time .
Stimulation changes the brain metabolism
But what is the exact effect of the stimulation of the nucleus accumbens ?
' We were able to show using functional brain imaging methods that the stimulation changes metabolic rates of different areas of the brain , ' Thomas Schlaepfer says .
' What is very important is that the metabolic changes do not just affect the nucleus accumbens itself but also other regions of the limbic system , where the brain processes emotions and that are known to be dysfunctional in depression .
Due to the small number of patients in this and similar studies , the scientists warn against exaggerated hopes .
Moreover , with brain surgery in psychiatric patients specific ethical issues have to be considered very carefully , not least because such an operation is always associated with risk .
' However , our study definitely shows that deep brain stimulation can help some patients with extremely severe forms of depression , ' Thomas Schlaepfer stresses .
' That even goes for cases which were thought to be absolutely therapy - resistant up to now . '
Distinguished law scholar Elizabeth Warren teaches contract law , bankruptcy , and commercial law at Harvard Law School .
She is an outspoken critic of America ’s credit economy , which she has linked to the continuing rise in bankruptcy among the middle - class .
2007 :
The Coming Collapse of the Middle Class : Higher Risks , Lower Rewards , and a Shrinking Safety Net – UCTV – University of California Television .
SG Recruiters Group Pte Ltd is a licensed employment agency in Singapore approved by the Ministry of Manpower Singapore .
Since our inception in 2004 , SG Recruiters Group had grown rapidly to be among one of the leading employment agencies in Singapore – a growth attributable to our prompt response to ever - changing market needs and our clientele first approach .
Singapore ’s economy grew by an average of five percent per annum in the past ten years .
Singapore ’s productivity growth over the same period averaged about one percent per annum , a rate on par with that of other developed countries .
The global economy has changed , thus making recruiting and hiring the right talent for the right job a lot more difficult .
Any form of recruiting tasks and activities such as permanent placement , executive search , temporary & contract staffing or foreign manpower recruitment will be outside your main business functions .
It is taking away resources from your business operations .
Companies should focus on their core business and leave their recruitment to us .
Why ?
Simply because our business is recruitment .
We do recruitment everyday !
Singapore employment agencies play a critical role in matching hiring companies with candidates of the right skills , ultimately raising the productivity of their work force .
Our robust and progressive recruitment system has been successfully developed and perfected throughout the last decade .
When hiring companies such as lake grande , visionaire ec and gem residences outsource their manpower recruiting to us , they benefit from our job agency ’ ability to reach more candidates , access passive jobseekers that they may not be able to reach .
Our extensive manpower networks includes ; business management companies and licensed international job employment agencies in malaysia , philippines , myanmar , thailand , india , vietnam and the republic of china .
Visit our headquater ec in singapore now .
Our job agency has gained the trust and respect of top corporate businesses in the region by corresponding talented individuals with enhancing job opportunities in varieties of fields .
Our depth of experiences in the Singapore jobs market gives us the ability to better understand their needs and locate the most suitable individuals – not only to fill their vacancies but also provide a range of related services to optimise parc life performance .
If your organisation is extremely concerned with regards to scaling down expenditures and saving lots of calendar time , basically the best assertive choice of job placement hiring is to utilize our smooth , hassle - free and efficient staffing services .
For any of your specific hiring needs , please fill up our staffing request form here .
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 3.9/5 ( 255 votes cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
Rating : +43 ( from 133 votes )
With 10,305 of the 10,317 precincts reporting statewide ( 99.9 percent )
Yes : 1,640,526 ( 53.1 percent )
No : 1,451,794 ( 46.9 percent )
It ’s nothing new for media organizations to employ lofty rhetoric about the role of the press in democracy to advocate special legal privileges .
Likewise , it ’s nothing new for content creators to try to limit the speech rights of others in order to garner more profit .
What is fairly new , however , is for the press to use language about the importance of the First Amendment to argue for a copyright policy that would explicitly limit free speech .
In other words , in order to save the First Amendment , we have to limit the First Amendment .
Irony is dead .
This week , Rupert Murdoch wrote an op-ed in the Wall Street Journal that exemplified this clever strategy .
Aptly titled “ Journalism and Freedom , ” the article belittles the fair use doctrine and demands compensation for news content online , while going on to wax eloquent about the ideals of the Founding Fathers and the First Amendment .
The problem is that the right he claims to value above all else , the freedom of speech , is precisely what prevents media companies like News Corp. from claiming ownership in the news .
Facts cannot be owned , so while News Corp. can certainly prevent third parties from reproducing stories in full , it has no right to control the facts within those stories .
This is not a peculiarity of copyright law ; it is a protection of the First Amendment and an effort to create the informed citizenry Murdoch claims to cherish .
Near the end of the article , Murdoch argues that the government should stop regulating media companies because the Internet has exponentially increased competition .
Standing alone , this argument makes sense .
The monopoly of the mass media over information is diminished by limitless competition on the Web .
But Murdoch ’s aim to own news content would negate the pro-competitive effect of the Internet entirely by granting news organizations the right to control access and reproduction of the news of the day .
There are a host of logistical problems with any law that grants intellectual property in facts .
Who really creates a fact ?
Can a news organization own someone ’s quote ?
What if multiple reporters discover a fact simultaneously ?
But at the end of the day , the most important problem with the concept of owning a fact is that it would undermine the First Amendment and pose a major threat to a healthy , functioning democracy .
It is truly sad that the institution that has historically defended and benefited from the First Amendment more than any other is now leading the charge against it .
That ’s not just irony ; it ’s hypocrisy .
I ’m halfway through a reflective book written by an old curmudgeon .
Part patriot , part historian , all gadfly , Gore Vidal wrote Imperial America : Reflections on the United States of Amnesia in 2004 , just before the upcoming national elections .
Almost a time capsule coupled with dire prophecy , the book is a sober , sometimes cynical look at America .
Vidal warned specifically against the electronic voting boxes and the Help America Vote Act ( HAVA ) especially .
Yet Vidal optimistically entertained the idea GWB might lose the 2004 election .
Not a chance .
“ We hate this system that we are trapped in , but we do n’t know who has trapped us or how , ” wrote Vidal .
“ The American press has generally shied away from telling us about ballot fraud . . . .
Yet at the dawn of the empire , for a brief instant , our professional writers tended to make a difference . ”
Vidal traced that “ dawn ” back to the Spanish - American War at the turn of the 20th Century .
Yet the historian in him also notes that we ’ve always been empirical , back beyond the so - called Mexican War more than 50 years before that .
So why have n’t our professional writers of today readily admitted that we are indeed an empire and have been an empire for a very long time , and yes , that we indeed “ create our own reality ” ?
So I posed the question to various well - known and respected writers from the left , right and center :
Does the American Empire deserve to die , and if NOT , why not ?
“ Our founding fathers never intended the country that they created to be an empire , ” replied Paul Craig Roberts , former top Reagan Treasury official .
Roberts , who penned such un -Reaganite columns as “ The Rich Have Stolen the Economy ” and “ The US as Failed State ” , added : “ The political system is unresponsive to the American people .
It is monopolized by a few powerful interest groups that control campaign contributions .
Interest groups have exercised their power to monopolize the economy for the benefit of themselves , the American people be damned . ”
American people be damned ?
So the empire would then deserve to die , right ?
“ Short answer : Yes , ” replied columnist Dave Lindorff .
“ If America cannot change and become a nation that promotes peace and harmony and defends and encourages real democracy , then it is more of an evil than a good and as an empire , especially , deserves to die .
Nothing good can come of empire , which is fundamentally exploitative . ”
Lindorff composes columns for Counterpunch.com such as “ Depleted Uranium Weapons : Dead Babies in Iraq and Afghanistan Are No Joke . "
Some conservative media heavyweights might disagree .
“ Doug — I think the USA should return to the limited government of our Founders — I laid out that case in America For Sale , ” wrote conservative Jerome Corsi .
His book titles , like The Late Great U.S.A and The Obama Nation , would seem to imply that America , as a nation or republic was doomed , mostly due to liberal policies rather than a concerted , behind - the - scenes , bipartisan effort .
Likewise longtime activist and 9 - 11 truth advocate Devvy Kidd politely replied to me : “ Do I believe our constitutional republic should die ?
Of course not .
Do I support the destructive foreign policies over the past five or six decades ?
Of course not .
A return to true constitutional government under our Constitution will do just fine . ”
Nice to see some people believed a return could happen before we expire , like Rome , during the worst abuses of the Caesars .
“ I suppose all Empires deserve to die in the end , usually when the marginal rate of return to inhabitants becomes too burdensome , as with Rome , ” concurred Alexander Cockburn , editor at Counterpunch.com .
“ Key for me is that all empires overreach and self - destruct , ” replied columnist Stephen Lendman , of the Centre for Research on Globalization .
“ We sure as hell are doing it big time , and one of my ( radio show ) guests makes an important point .
Having been a former high - level insider , she believes the power elite has given up on America .
They 're sucking all the wealth out of the country and us , taking it abroad with our jobs , and when the economy is fully drained , down the trash we go .
Meaning ?
America is just another banana republic .
I believe her , and also believe all empires die , no exceptions .
We truly deserve it and not a moment too soon .
We wo n't be missed . ”
STR columnists seem to have a better grasp than most , since they appear to consider the power of the individual vs. the power of the state on an almost daily basis .
“ As to your question , the first part would definitely be yes , ” wrote Alex Knight , “ though that need not mean the death of America . . . .
Remember , the thrust of your question was empire -- something America need not be , was n't once , and would be better off NOT being .
All of that said , it is possible that the end of the American empire will also involve total domestic implosion -- revolution , civil war -- who knows what .
There are a lot of possibilities that extend from answering Yes . ”
Do ALL empires deserve to die ?
Or just some more than others ?
George Smith wrote : “ The word ‘ deserves ’ is a bit tricky , but otherwise if you 're asking whether I would like to see the empire die , the answer is emphatically yes .
Empires necessarily entail war and a resource - consuming military establishment . . .
The government has been very successful in keeping Americans believing most of what it does is , at worst , a necessary evil .
With that kind of support , the empire can make the claim it deserves to exist . ”
History is undeniable .
All empires die .
No exceptions ; only a matter of time when .
Whether all empires deserve to die , even our own , is arguable .
In any case , the implication is that we the people do not .
Whether left , right or centralist , the implication is that the republic may be a distant memory or a myth but a fond one .
No power of recollection , no road map back , no more Manifest Destiny ( if we ever had one ) , unless some serious , SERIOUS reunification happens soon .
An ethical revitalization , if one is ever possible , at the most crucial moment in a tottering empire ’s lifespan .
Personally , I believe that all empires deserve to die , some sooner than others .
Just imagine the tens of millions of innocent people crushed beneath the juggernaut of the American Empire in the past century and then try your best to justify their deaths .
Could you ?
If you can , than yes , America deserves to survive and thrive , but if not , we deserve the trash heap as a grand idea that failed , drowned in blood .
I wish it were not so , but wishing does n’t make it so , only worthy efforts .
Related to : Calibration fail , Test Your Calibration !
Around here , calibration is mostly approached on a discrete basis : for example , the Technical Explanation of Technical Explanations talks only about discrete distributions , and the commonly linked tests and surveys are either explicitly discrete or offer only coarsely binned probability assessments .
For continuous distributions ( or " smooth " distributions over discrete quantities like dates of historical events , dollar amounts on the order of hundreds of thousands , populations of countries , or any actual measurement of a continuous quantity ) , we can apply a finer - grained assessment of calibration .
The problem of assessing calibration for continuous quantities is that our distributions can have very dissimilar shapes , so there does n't seem to be a common basis for comparing one to another .
As an example , I 'll give some subjective ( i.e. , withdrawn from my nether regions ) distributions for the populations of two countries , Canada and Botswana .
I live in Canada , so I have years of dimly remembered geography classes in elementary school and high school to inform my guess .
In the case of Botswana , I have only my impressions of the nation from Alexander McCall Smith 's excellent No. 1 Ladies ' Detective Agency series and my general knowledge of Africa .
For Canada 's population , I 'll set my distribution to be a normal distribution centered at 32 million with a standard deviation of 2 million .
For Botswana 's population , my initial gut feeling is that it is a nation of about 2 million people .
I 'll put 50 % of my probability mass between 1 and 2 million , and the other 50 % of my probability mass between 2 million and 10 million .
Because I think that values closer to 2 million are more plausible than values at the extremes , I 'll make each chunk of 50 % mass a right - angle triangular distribution .
Here are plots of the probability densities :
( These distributions are pretty rough approximations to my highest quality assessments .
I do n't hold , as the above normal distribution implies , that my probability that the population of Canada is less than 30 million is 16 % , because I 'm fairly sure that 's what it was when I was starting university ; nor would I assign a strictly nil chance to the proposition that Botswana 's population is outside the interval from 1 million to 10 million .
But the above distributions will do for expository purposes . )
For true values we 'll take the 2009 estimates listed in Wikipedia .
For Canada , that number is 33.85 million ; for Botswana , it 's 1.95 million .
( The fact that my Botswana estimate was so spot on shocked me . )
Given these " true values " , how can we judge the calibration of the above distributions ?
The above densities seem so dissimilar that it's hard to conceive of a common basis on which they have some sort of equivalence .
Fortunately , such a basis does exist : we take the total probability mass below the true value , as shown on the plots below .
No matter what the shape of the probability density function , the random variable " probability mass below the realized value " always has a uniform distribution on the interval from zero to one , a fact known as the probability integral transform1 .
( ETA : This comment gives a demonstration with no integrals . )
My Canada example has a probability integral transform value ( henceforth PIT value ) of 0.82 , and my Botswana example has a PIT value of 0.45 .
It 's the PITs
If we have a large collection of probability distributions and realized values , we can assess the calibration of those distributions by checking to see if the distribution of PIT values is uniform , e.g. , by taking a histogram .
For correctly calibrated distributions , such a histogram will look like this :
The above histogram and the ones below show 10,000 realizations ; the red line gives the exact density of which the histogram is a noisy version .
Figuring out that your distributions are systematically biased in one direction or another is simple : the median PIT value wo n't be 0.5 .
Let 's suppose that the distributions are not biased in that sense and take a look at some PIT value histograms that are poorly calibrated because the precisions are wrong .
The plot below shows the case were the realized values follow the standard normal distribution and the assessed distributions are also normal but are over - confident to the extent that the ostensible 95 % central intervals are actually 50 % central intervals .
( This degree of over - confidence was chosen because I seem to recall reading on OB that if you ask a subject matter expert for a 95 % interval , you tend to get back a reasonable 50 % interval .
Anyone know a citation for that ?
ETA : My recollection was faulty . )
I would n't expect humans to be under - confident , but algorithmically generated distributions might be , so for completeness 's sake I 'll show that too .
In the case below , both the assessed distributions and the distribution of realized values are again normal distributions , but now the ostensible 50 % intervals actually contain 95 % of the realized values .
Take - home message
We need not use coarse binning to check if a collection of distributions for continuous quantities is properly calibrated ; instead , we can use the probability integral transform to set all the distributions on a common basis for comparison .
1 It can be demonstrated ( for distributions that have densities , anyway ) using integration by substitution and the derivative of the inverse of a function ( listed in this table of derivatives ) .
Earlier this week my research let me down as I had said that Hull University Student 's Union had a Men 's Officer .
Unfortunately , it was abolished in June as set out in the minutes ( Minute 259 b )
The minutes speak volumes about the mindset of anti-male feminists and the fact they will stop at nothing to abolish male representation on campuses and do down men .
The President of the Student Union put down a motion to abolish the position and VP Scar ( presume the Vice President of Scarborough Student 's Union ) said not only was there a need for the position ( he is right if there is a Women 's Officer ) but that there had been a referendum in 2007 on it and the students ( including sane female students ) had voted to keep it .
12 other SU 's have these positions , like to know where they are ?
However , using extraordinary powers to make decisions when the summer term had ended , the SU Executive voted to abolish it without a referendum .
VP Scar lost 5 votes to 1 ( the others voting with the President being obvious cowards ) .
What it says clearly is that the anti-male feminists like those at Hull University will stop at nothing , even by using sneaky unconstitutional means to attack men and service provision for them .
The decision is bad enough but the manner of it says all you need to know .
Editor 's note : Silvia Henriquez is the executive director of the National Latina Institute for Reproductive Health , a nonprofit policy and advocacy organization based in New York and Washington that works on behalf of reproductive health interests of the nation 's 15 million Latina women .
( CNN ) --
When Justice Sonia Sotomayor delivered her oath last summer , many women -- and especially Latinas -- felt renewed hope as a champion of women 's rights took her place on the U.S. Supreme Court .
With Democrats in the White House and both houses of Congress , we believed that we could stop playing defense and actually advance women 's rights , including access to abortion .
However , the health care debate quickly convinced us that we had to mobilize .
First , Rep. Bart Stupak , D - Michigan , crafted the Stupak - Pitts amendment , designed to restrict women 's access to abortion coverage in the proposed public health insurance marketplace .
Millions of women who have access to abortion coverage through their insurance plans would lose this coverage if the insurance plans were offered in the exchange .
We were told that women could use their own money to buy an abortion rider in advance : Women would have to plan for an unplanned pregnancy .
An abortion can range in cost from several hundred dollars to thousands of dollars for a " threatened " pregnancy .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi allowed the amendment to move forward in the House health care bill out of fear that opponents would use abortion politics to tank health care reform .
Within weeks , Sen. Ben Nelson , D - Nebraska , offered a near - exact model of the Stupak bill in the Senate .
After the push for the Stupak amendment , characterized by backroom dealings among elected officials and reported pressure from the U.S Conference of Catholic Bishops , it appeared that senators might go along .
Hundreds of Latinas and women of all backgrounds descended on Capitol Hill to let legislators know that they can not play politics with our reproductive health care and to advocate for abortion care coverage as a part of health care reform .
For now , senators are standing up to those who would sink reform with abortion politics , voting to table the Nelson amendment , effectively killing it .
But we know that these victories are often tenuous and that the growing Latina voice in favor of reproductive health care must stay strong .
Over the past few weeks , I 've heard from many Latinas and their families , outraged that these amendments would make a legal medical procedure financially inaccessible for many women .
They called their senators and wrote letters on behalf of daughters , sisters , aunts and mothers in their communities , urging policymakers to vote for reform that includes coverage for abortion -- and also provides health care access for immigrants .
They organized because they know what is at stake .
The amendments claim to " simply codify " the Hyde amendment , an existing federal policy that prohibits federal government money from being used to fund abortions through Medicaid .
But in reality , both amendments would create a two - tier health care system .
After 30 - plus years of the Hyde amendment , a Guttmacher Institute report released this year indicates that among Medicaid - eligible women -- that is , low income -- who would have an abortion if it were paid for by the government , one in four instead continue the pregnancy to term in the absence of funding .
This is because politicians prevent federal tax dollars from covering the procedure .
Moreover , the proposed House and Senate bills both maintain the five - year ban on legal permanent residents accessing publicly funded benefits , including Medicaid , leaving millions of legal residents without coverage for basic medical needs .
According to a report by the Kaiser Family Foundation , 38 percent of Latinas are uninsured , compared with 14.7 percent non-Hispanic white women , and more than half of all immigrants are women .
The U.S. Census Bureau predicts that by 2050 , one in four Americans will be Latina .
As Latinas , we will be disproportionately affected if we do not have a health care package that includes access to the full range of reproductive health services .
Opponents argue that more women will be covered under overall health care reform , as if that should satisfy us .
The fact remains :
If millions of low - and moderate - income women covered under a new federally subsidized health system can't access abortion care from an insurance plan bought even partly with federal support , policymakers are essentially telling them that they do not matter -- that the reality of their lives must be ignored .
The legacy of health care reform should not be to send women back into the shadows .
We have worked too hard to reform our health care system for women to be worse off than they were before .
There is no denying that people around the country , including many Latinas , have complex feelings about abortion .
Many have conflicting feelings because of their religious faith -- Latinas are overwhelmingly Roman Catholic .
But my work with Latinas during these debates reminds me that for many women confronted by the decision to terminate a pregnancy , abortion is not a political issue ; it 's a personal health care issue between a woman , her family and her doctor .
We have an opportunity to make history in these next few weeks and months .
Health care is not a luxury ; it is fundamental to a healthier and stronger nation .
I urge policymakers to respect women who are trying to plan their pregnancies , take control of their futures and improve the lives of their families .
We demand reproductive justice for women .
Anything less would be un-American .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Silvia Henriquez .
In this year - end wrap up , Keram Malicki - Sanchez and co-host Aimee Lynn Chadwick cover the many extraordinary events and changes that took place in culture , media , technology and the world in 2009 .
From Obama to U2 streaming live in HD over the internet , Ebooks to Avatar , Iranian protests via Twitter to Canon ’s groundbreaking HDSLR cameras and what is was like shooting with Christian Slater or a RED camera in the midst of a hurricane in Hawai ’i , this episode has it all .
Please email us your questions and feedback .
We will read all letters .
Download Episode Eighteen now !
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Tumblr
LinkedIn
ASA censures adverts for misleadingly implying that West Bank , Gaza Strip and Golan Heights were part of the state of Israel
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
A tourism campaign depicting the areas of the West Bank , Gaza Strip and Golan Heights as part of Israel has been banned by the advertising watchdog following hundreds of complaints .
The poster campaign , run by the Israeli Government Tourist Office , ran with the headline " experience Israel " with a picture of a boy snorkelling with dolphins .
The ad featured a map of Israel that included the West Bank , Gaza Strip and Golan Heights .
The Advertising Standards Authority received complaints from 442 members of the public , as well as the Palestine Solidarity Campaign and Jews for Justice for Palestinians , that the poster misleadingly implied that these areas were internationally recognised as part of Israel .
The State of Israel Ministry of Tourism , replying on behalf of the IGTO , said the map was a " general schematic tourism and travel map , rather than a political map " .
SIMT argued that the complaints were political in nature and not relevant to a tourist ad .
The ASA noted that the ad implied that all areas featured on the map were part of the state of Israel and that the border lines for the contested regions were " faintly produced and difficult to distinguish " .
" We understood that the borders and status of the occupied territories of the West Bank , the Gaza Strip and the Golan Heights were the subject of much international dispute , " said the ASA in its ruling .
" And because we considered that the ad implied that those territories were part of the state of Israel , we concluded that the ad was misleading " .
The ad was banned from appearing in the same form again .
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 .
• If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
11/20/2009
' No Law Against Woman Marrying Another Woman ' , says 103 years ago
by Jeremy Hooper
A fascinating read from 1906 :
**SEE ALSO : Some other " old newspaper " posts :
-- Maine votes on ( and disapproves of ) a civil right : Maine .
September , 1917 [ G - A - Y ]
- The great " traditional marriage " controversy of the 1920's : ' Companionate ' advocates : Our forebears in ' attacking traditional marriage ' [ G - A - Y ]
Your thoughts
What a find !
Posted by : Johan Baumeister | Nov 20 , 2009 5:15:54 PM
That 's probably when Pat Robertson first got the idea of going global with a worldwide televangelism network !
It 's just supposition on my part that he was equally as old and decrepit looking back then as he is now .
And that he was equally as capable back then of spotting a politically expedient group of people that he could hate .
Posted by : Dick Mills | Nov 20 , 2009 5:46:20 PM
We have come as far as we have come carried on the shoulders of these people and others who suffered the same indignities .
Yet , how far we still have to go .
Posted by : Em | Nov 20 , 2009 7:11:01 PM
What a treasure of history !
As a former 8th grade history teacher , I used documents , not text books , to teach .
I wish I 'd had this news story .
It 's also a reminder to all of to hold on to the hard copy newspaper stories about LGBT life today .
It will be invaluable for future generations .
Posted by : Ken Harvey | Nov 20 , 2009 7:17:49 PM
Well , like I posted already today - it 's the extreme right - wingers and all those voters who have redefined marriage in the law books to read " one man , one woman . "
But then they go around accusing us of redefining marriage !
103 years ago , there was no law against same - sex marriage .
But somehow , now there is .
Who changed it ?
Not us .
Posted by : Unite the Fight | Nov 20 , 2009 8:34:58 PM
Fascinating how we appear to have become more conservative as time progresses !
It is an interesting read .
Thank you for this document .
Posted by : Vak | Nov 22 , 2009 5:53:38 AM
... but there was apparently a law against women wearing men's clothing ( or , probably , vice versa ) .
Those laws must have gotten harder to enforce later as casual clothing styles started converging in a unisex way ( jeans and a T - shirt will work for either sex ) .
Posted by : Dan T. | Nov 22 , 2009 2:09:12 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
Web Staff , cp24.com
The Toronto Transit Commission is suspending multiple token sales until January 3rd next year and introducing a temporary adult ticket starting Monday .
In a press release , the TTC says the measure has been put into place to ensure “ sufficient ” tokens meet the normal demand in January after the fare increases come into effect .
The temporary adult ticket will not be sold after January 2 , 2010 .
Customers with temporary adult tickets after that date will be required to add 25 cents to the farebox with their ticket to match the new 2010 adult fare of $ 2.50
Temporary adult tickets will cost the same as the current token price of five for $ 11.25 or 10 for $ 22.50 .
There ’s no limit to the number of temporary tickets people can purchase , but after Jan. 31 , 2010 the ticket will not be accepted .
The TTC says without taking the measures of halting token sales , the commission could lose more than $ 5 million in next year ’s revenues because of token hoarding .
Tokens will continue to be accepted as fare , and single tokens can still be purchased at token vending machines throughout the subway system .
Borderlands definitely shocked gamers with it ’s truly unique gaming style including stylish arts and impressive CG , it delivered beyond most of our expectations for sure .
Due to the success GearBox received from the title , it seems they might be gearing up for something bigger than DLC .
According to a recent trademark , it appears that GearBox have trademarked the name “ Borderworlds “ .
Although there is no official confirmation by this by either Take - Two or GearBox , this hints at a possible release of a sequel to Borderlands .
[ Via ]
Eight miles south of the White House , a crowd gathered under a giant inflatable yellow chick Thursday to welcome the nation ’s first emporium devoted to Peeps , a fluffy marshmallow candy that has attained cult - like status .
Most of the store ’s Peeps - branded products were inedible .
So is the candy , critics would say .
“ There ’s something mystical about Peeps , ” said Matthew Beals , a New York filmmaker who has shot a 45 - minute documentary about people obsessed with the spongy bunnies and chicks .
“ They really inspire a passion .
People either love them or hate them . ”
Fans of the pastel - colored , sugar - coated confections have compiled a “ Lord of the Peeps ” trilogy , filmed “ Star Wars Peeps ” and sent them into space on a high - altitude NASA weather balloon .
Scientists , or at least graduate students with too much time , have conducted numerous experiments .
One shows what happens if a Peep is submerged in liquid nitrogen , at minus 346 degrees Fahrenheit , and then hit with a hammer .
It shatters .
More than 100,000 people belong to a Peeps fan club , and websites and YouTube videos abound .
So do “ Peep Off ” competitions :
The record holder ate 102 in 30 minutes in Sacramento .
And nearly 30 newspapers sponsored Peeps diorama contests last Easter .
The Washington Post received 1,100 entries , including such memorable scenes as Peeps prisoners in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba ; John Steinbeck ’s sad - faced Peeps of Wrath ; a flying Mary Peepins ; and , most dramatic , a Peeps plane in the Hudson River .
The winner was NightPeeps , a noirish homage to Edward Hopper ’s brooding 1942 oil painting , “ Nighthawks . ”
The box - sized diner even had two working florescent lights to re-create the moody scene .
“ One - third of the Peeps we sell , people do n’t eat , ” said Kathy Bassininski , vice president at Just Born Inc. , the family - owned company that created Peeps in 1954 .
“ They play with them . ”
Ross J. Born runs the company with his cousin , David Shaffer , in Bethlehem , Pa. Balding and elfin , Born bubbles with the energy one expects from a man who makes and eats candy every day .
It goes without saying that he wears a pink Peeps tie .
“ I never in my wildest dreams thought Peeps would take off the way they did , ” he said .
The first Peeps were yellow chicks for Easter baskets , but Just Born now makes Peep bats , cats , snowmen and more .
The company claims it produces enough Peeps in a year to circle the Earth twice .
( It also says 8,000 Peeps bunnies , stacked atop one another , would reach the top of the Sears Tower in Chicago .
That ’s also 260,000 calories , if you ’re wondering . )
The first Peeps & Co. store opened with a gala ribbon cutting in National Harbor , a new mall and convention center along the Potomac River .
Hard hit by the recession , the mall boasts more boarded up windows than stores , and most appeared deserted two weeks before Christmas .
But business was booming in the Peeps store .
Lights pulsated from the ceiling and inside a huge yellow chick .
Music thumped from speakers .
“ I love the way they leave your hands different colors , ” said multimedia artist David Ottogalli , who once built a sculpture using 5,200 Peeps .
The store sells a dozen of his smaller Peeps pieces .
And Peeps merchandise flew off the shelves .
“ I was hoping to get a Village Peeple T - shirt , but they do n’t have it yet , ” Debbie Lidle , a government worker from Potomac , Md. , said wistfully .
She bought a Peeps rubber - chick bath toy , a Peeps book and other Peeps paraphernalia .
Some customers debated whether Peeps are best consumed fresh or should be left atop the refrigerator for six months to get sufficiently stale .
People also argued how Peeps should be eaten -- head first or tail up .
“ You have to eat the ears off first if you get the bunny , ” declared Linda Haught , a homemaker from Alexandria , Va .
“ That ’s the rule .
Any other Peep , you eat the head first . ”
Carrie Woods , of Kingstown , Va. , seemed surprised that anyone ate Peeps .
She only gives them away , like Christmas fruitcakes .
Few would admit to what company officials call a common practice , especially in college dorms : popping Peeps in a microwave , cranking up the juice and watching them explode .
“ I plead the 5th , ” said Air Force Master Sgt. Brenda Cline , who wore her camouflage uniform to the Peeps store , but stood out by the yellow awning and the door with chick - shaped handles .
“ OK , maybe I ’ve done it . ”
Debbie All - Temples of Frederick , Md. , said she hated to see Peeps suffer that way .
“ I have a friend who puts them in the microwave to watch them dance , ” she said with a wince .
“ I do n’t approve . ”
Beals , the filmmaker , figures Peeps serve as a blank canvas for troubling times .
“ They manage to straddle the world between cute and horrible , ” he said .
“ You can look into their black beady eyes and see your childhood .
Or you can look into their black beady eyes and see the bleakness of the soul . ”
Not bad for a marshmallow .
bob.drogin@latimes.com
Make that a bottomless cup .
Coffee and tea drinkers are less likely to develop Type 2 diabetes than nondrinkers , with those drinking three to four cups a day at a 25 percent lower risk for the disease than those who drink less than two cups , a large analysis has found .
It does not matter whether the drinks are caffeinated or not , said the study , published in The Archives of Internal Medicine .
The analysis does not prove that drinking tea or coffee lowers the risk of the so - called adult - onset diabetes , but it is not the first study to report such a link .
And it goes further than other studies , finding that for caffeinated coffee , risk dropped by 5 percent to 10 percent with each additional cup consumed , which the researchers say suggests a causal relationship .
Those drinking more than six cups of coffee a day were at 40 percent lower risk for diabetes than nondrinkers ; the figure for those who drank less than a cup per day was just 4 percent .
Some studies have indicated that chemical components of tea and coffee may have beneficial effects on glucose metabolism and insulin sensitivity , but the evidence is mixed .
“ Caffeine ca n’t be the answer , because you see the same sort of overall response from diabetes with decaf as with caffeinated coffee , ” said the paper ’s senior author , Mark Woodward , a professor at Mount Sinai Medical Center in New York .
The research was carried out on breast cancer cells Scientists have shown how a family of " limpet - like " proteins play a crucial role in repairing the DNA damage which can lead to cancer .
They hope the finding could pave the way for a new type of drug which could help kill cancer cells , and promote production of healthy replacements .
The proteins seem to have a remarkable ability to zero in on damaged areas .
The breakthrough , uncovered independently by two teams , appears in the journal Nature .
The family of Small Ubiquitin - like Modifier ( SUMO ) proteins track down sites in the body where DNA damage has occurred .
This is the first step towards developing drugs which may protect normal cells from the side effects of chemotherapy , or improve the effectiveness of current breast cancer treatments
Dr Jo Morris
King 's College London
They attach themselves to normal proteins , and guide them in to fix the genetic faults .
Using this method , the proteins are even able to repair double strand DNA breaks - the most severe type of DNA damage .
When their work is done , the proteins detach themselves and move on .
Breast cancer gene
One of the study teams was able to follow this process of repair taking place on the BRCA1 gene , which , if damaged , is associated with a very high risk of breast cancer .
SUMO was shown to attach to the damaged gene , and switch it back on - helping prevent breast cancer forming .
Researcher Dr Jo Morris , from King 's College London , said : " This new insight is the first step towards developing drugs which may protect normal cells from the side effects of chemotherapy , or improve the effectiveness of current breast cancer treatments . "
Dr Lesley Walker , of Cancer Research UK , which part - funded the study , said : " DNA damage , particularly double strand DNA breaks , are a fundamental cause of cancer and we know that people who have mutations in the BRCA1 gene have a higher risk of developing some kinds of cancer .
" Discovering that these limpet - like proteins play such an important role in repair may provide new opportunities to stop cancer from growing . "
But she added : " This is an extremely complex and intricate biological process so it may be many years before we can use this knowledge to safely intervene and help treat cancer patients . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Québec — L'appareil gouvernemental fait fi de la volonté de la ministre responsable de la Charte de la langue française , Christine St - Pierre , et continue de communiquer en anglais avec les nouveaux arrivants leur vie durant , même si la francisation des immigrants demeure un objectif du gouvernement du Québec .
Qui plus est , même si la ministre s'est engagée à rendre « exemplaire » l'administration publique québécoise quant à son usage du français , Revenu Québec , Investissement Québec et l'Autorité des marchés financiers bafouent toujours la Charte de la langue française en communiquant et en transigeant en anglais avec des entreprises établies au Québec .
Porte d'entrée pour les nouveaux arrivants , la Régie de l'assurance maladie du Québec ( RAMQ ) persiste à accorder un « code de langue » anglais à un grand nombre d'immigrants allophones , un code qui exige que l'organisme s'adresse à eux en anglais .
La même politique est suivie par d'autres organismes , comme la Société de l'assurance automobile du Québec ( SAAQ ) ou Emploi - Québec .
Francisation ou pas , les nouveaux arrivants et leur famille pourront transiger en anglais avec l'administration publique , qui devra offrir ses services dans la langue de Shakespeare .
« Ça n'a pas de bon sens » Quand Le Devoir avait révélé ces façons de faire en 2008 , Christine St - Pierre avait remis en question cette pratique et avait demandé au sous - ministre associé au Secrétariat de la politique linguistique du gouvernement , Guy Dumas , de remédier à la situation .
Dix - huit mois plus tard , la ministre s'oppose toujours à ce que l'État québécois communique en anglais avec les immigrants leur vie durant , alors qu'ils sont censés se franciser .
« C'est comme si c'était automatique pour le restant de leurs jours .
Ça , ça n'a pas de bon sens » , a affirmé Christine St - Pierre la semaine dernière au Devoir .
Il faut trouver « un mécanisme » pour que l'administration publique puisse changer ce code de langue une fois que l'immigrant a acquis une connaissance suffisante du français , a - t - elle soutenu .
Or après 18 mois , rien n'a été fait .
Le Secrétariat de la politique linguistique n'a pas communiqué avec la RAMQ , qui n'a eu à se plier à aucune directive particulière , a indiqué le porte - parole de la RAMQ , Marc Lortie .
« La pratique n'a pas changé .
On continue à fonctionner conformément à la politique linguistique , c'est à la demande de la personne qu'on inscrit le code de langue » , a - t - il signalé .
Selon les dernières données de la RAMQ , du 1er janvier au 20 novembre 2009 , l'organisme a qualifié comme anglophones 27 % des 48 134 nouveaux arrivants qui se sont présentés à ses bureaux .
Or selon les statistiques du ministère de l'Immigration et des Communautés culturelles , on note que seulement 3,5 % des nouveaux arrivants ont l'anglais comme langue maternelle , alors que pour 81,5 % d'entre eux , leur langue maternelle n'est ni l'anglais , ni le français .
Près de 21 % des immigrants disent ne parler ni l'une ni l'autre de ces langues à leur arrivée .
Si on croise ces données , c'est donc dire que 30 % des immigrants à qui la RAMQ accorde un code de langue « anglais » à vie ne parlent pas cette langue .
De plus , pour les allophones qui connaissent l'anglais mais pas le français à leur arrivée , soit 15 % du total , l'objectif du gouvernement demeure toujours de les franciser , mais ils ont accès à une administration publique qui , dans les faits , est bilingue et qui leur fournit des services en anglais .
Christine St - Pierre reconnaît que le « mécanisme » pour remédier à la situation est difficile à trouver dans l'état actuel des choses .
La ministre a cité en exemple le permis de conduire ou la carte de crédit qui sont renouvelés périodiquement .
« Il faudrait que la personne le redemande [ ce code de langue ] » , a -t - elle fait valoir .
Mais toute personne peut exiger d'être servi en anglais par l'administration publique québécoise .
« Moi , je pourrais demander des services en anglais .
On a le droit de le demander » , a souligné Mme St - Pierre .
Chose certaine , le Secrétariat de la politique linguistique ( SPL ) n'a pas trouvé la formule magique et ses interventions à ce jour se résument à peu de choses .
Le nouveau sous - ministre du SPL , Jacques Gosselin , a refusé de parler au Devoir .
Au début d'octobre , le SPL et l'Office québécois de la langue française ont rencontré les dirigeants d'organismes publics comme la RAMQ , la SAAQ et la Régie des rentes du Québec ( RRQ ) dans le but de revoir la Politique gouvernementale relative à l'emploi et à la qualité de la langue française dans l'administration , adoptée en 1996 .
Un rapport à ce sujet doit être remis à la ministre au début de 2010 , a - t - on précisé à son cabinet .
Depuis 18 mois , aucun changement notable n'est survenu à Revenu Québec .
La plupart de ses formulaires sont disponibles en anglais , y compris ceux qui sont réservés aux entreprises .
Le site Internet du ministère est tout aussi bilingue qu'avant .
Les personnes morales peuvent faire affaire électroniquement avec Revenu Québec en anglais grâce à certains logiciels .
Or en vertu de la Charte de la langue française , seules les personnes physiques peuvent traiter en anglais avec l'administration publique .
C'est la même chose chez Investissement Québec .
L'ensemble de son site Internet , à quelques détails près , est accessible en anglais .
Mais dans ce cas , il s'agit d'un organisme qui communique en anglais avec des entreprises établies à l'extérieur du Québec , ce qui est permis par la Charte , a rappelé sa porte - parole , Josée Béland .
Évidemment , cette distinction peut être bien mince dans le cas de filiales québécoises de sociétés étrangères qui , elles , sont visées par la Charte .
En dehors du site Internet , les communications avec ces filiales se font en français , a assuré la porte - parole .
Manila , Philippines ( CNN ) --
Bodies lie scattered in a rural field in the southern Philippines , some unearthed from a shallow grave hastily dug by the gunmen who seized the group of men and women just a day earlier .
By Tuesday , search teams had found a total of 46 bodies , and it was still unclear if there were more victims from Monday 's massacre .
The target was a group that included the female relatives of Ismael " Toto " Mangudadatu , who had sent the women to file paperwork allowing him to run for governor of Maguindanao province in May .
Mangudadatu said he had received threats which he believed were from allies of the incumbent governor Andal Ampatuan -- that he would be kidnapped if he filed the candidate papers himself .
Instead , his wife , sister , and the group of journalists accompanying them were kidnapped and brutally killed , possibly tortured , raped and beheaded , according to local media reports .
A local police commander described the grisly search operation near an isolated village , telling reporters from ABS - CBN News that 17 bodies were pulled from a single grave .
" They were piled on top of each other , " Chief Superintendent Josefino Cataluna said .
" It looked as if they were buried hurriedly . "
Those killed included at least 12 journalists , according to the press freedom organization , Reporters Without Borders , making Monday the deadliest single day for journalists anywhere in the world .
It was also the worst politically motivated violence in the Philippines ' recent history .
Witnesses , local officials and analysts have blamed the attacks on Ampatuan , who has controlled the area for a decade and is a long - time ally of Philippine President Gloria Macapagal - Arroyo .
Ampatuan , who is known locally as a warlord , reportedly commands a private army of nearly 500 men .
Philippine military officials also said Monday that the gunmen who carried out the attack were loyal to Ampatuan .
Neither Ampatuan nor any of his advisers has commented on the slaying allegations .
" It 's not hard to determine the motive , " according to Philippine analyst Kenneth E. Bauzon .
" How dare this [ Mangudadatu ] challenge him when he knows that the governor is a position that is presumably reserved for [ the Ampatuan ] family . "
Ampatuan reportedly wanted one of his sons to succeed him as governor of Maguindanao when he stepped down next year , according to ABS - CBN .
A government construction vehicle was found at the site of the hastily dug mass grave , fueling the belief that Ampatuan or his allies had a role in the massacre .
Both the Ampatuan and Mangudadatu clans have agreed to participate in the government 's investigation into the killings , according to Arroyo's adviser on the Mindanao region , Jesus Dureza , who spoke to the Philippine media on Tuesday .
Neither Ampatuan nor his advisers have spoken publicly about the widespread allegations , and that is most likely because he is " weighing his options , " Bauzon said .
Now , the region is bracing for a backlash of possible reprisal killings .
The Philippine government has placed Maguindanao and its surrounding regions under a state of emergency and survivors of Monday 's massacre have entered a government witness protection program , according to the state - run Philippines News Agency .
Arroyo has sent top level government officials to Maguindanao to " personally oversee military action against the perpetrators of the dastardly acts , " she said Tuesday .
" No effort has been spared to bring justice to the victims and hold the perpetrators accountable to the full limit of the law , " she said .
Long - running family disputes in the southern Philippines have spilled innocent blood before .
Such blood feuds are known by the indigenous term , " rido . "
But Monday 's massacre has broader implications , Bauzon said .
" I think that this is a culmination for many years of impunity on the part of any family or group for that matter because this has been tolerated by the Arroyo administration , " said Bauzon , a political science associate professor at Saint Joseph 's College in New York , who is from Mindanao and has authored several books on the region and its politics .
" So when the administration looks the other way when journalists report on military abuses [ or ] when the administration looks the other way when church workers are assassinated , when environmental workers are assassinated or abducted , you know , this [ massacre ] is just one or two steps away [ from that ] . "
The killings could further damage the political reputation of Arroyo , whose administration has already been scarred by allegations of a tainted election in 2004 and criticism over her response to the recent typhoons to strike the country .
" It 's a test as to what how far the Arroyo administration will go to arrest and prosecute the perpetrators , " Bauzon said .
Arroyo's term ends in May 2010 , and she cannot seek re-election although there has been speculation that she could seek another political office .
Maguindanao is part of an autonomous region in predominantly Muslim Mindanao which was set up in the 1990s to quell armed uprisings by people seeking an independent Muslim homeland in the Philippines , a predominantly Christian country .
Negotiations between one of those armed groups , the Moro Islamic Liberation Front , and the Philippine government broke down last year after the country 's Supreme Court blocked a proposed peace deal that would have increased the size and scope of the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao .
Arroyo's government exercises little control in the region and is blamed by her critics for helping legitimize many of the armed groups that operate freely in Mindanao , including those loyal to the governor , Ampatuan .
Arroyo issued an executive order in July 2006 that allowed local officials and Philippine National Police to deputize volunteer watchmen , known as barangay tanods , to fight against insurgent groups in the southern regions .
This order has been blamed for allowing local politicians to convert their private militias into legal security forces .
The strong clan rivalries and the armed groups that support each clan may make it impossible for Arroyo to rout out those behind Monday 's mass killing , according to Bauzon .
" The dynasty is strongly entrenched and for her to disband private armies by this warlord overnight is too much of a task , " he said .
" The Americans were not able to do it in half a century and all she can do is set her sights low by really going after the most visible of the perpetrators . "
CNN 's Tricia Escobedo and journalist Maria Ressa contributed to this report .
Forschung Hintergrund Sonntag , 22 .
November 2009 , 12:07 Uhr
Die Freiheit , den Klimawandel zu leugnen
Drei Tage vor dem Kopenhagen - Gipfel soll in Berlin eine " Internationale Klimakonferenz " stattfinden .
Einer der Veranstalter ist das " Liberale Institut " der FDP - nahen Friedrich - Naumann - Stiftung .
Skeptikern und Leugnern der Erderwärmung wird die Veranstaltung ein Podium bieten - einige von ihnen stehen seit langem wegen Zuwendungen von US - Ölkonzernen wie Exxon in der Kritik
Aus Berlin Toralf Staud
" Wir füllen die Idee der Freiheit mit Leben " , lautet das Motto des Liberalen Instituts der FDP - nahen Friedrich - Naumann - Stiftung .
" Politischen Grundsatzfragen " will es sich widmen – und dabei zuweilen unbequeme Antworten auf die Probleme der Zeit " geben .
Am 4 . Dezember lädt das Liberale Institut zu einer " Internationalen Klimakonferenz " nach Berlin .
Im Vier - Sterne - Hotel Melia , direkt am Bahnhof Friedrichstraße , wird ein eintägiges " Update zur Klimaforschung " versprochen – doch als Kooperationspartner hat sich die FDP - nahe Denkstube ausgerechnet zwei Speerspitzen der deutschen und internationalen Klimaleugner ausgesucht : das " Europäische Institut für Klima und Energie e.V. " ( EIKE ) aus Jena und das " Committee for a Constructive Tomorrow " ( CFACT ) , einen konservativen Think Tank aus Washington .
Ein " Update zur Klimaforschung " verspricht die Naumann - Stiftung auf ihrer Website - doch die Tagung wird eher ein Update der Klimaleugner
Drei Tage vor Beginn des UN - Klimagipfels von Kopenhagen will man mit der Tagung offenbar nochmal versuchen , in der deutschen Öffentlichkeit ein paar Zweifel zu streuen an der Notwendigkeit von Klimaschutz .
" Die Debatte um das Ausmaß und die Ursachen " der Erderwärmung sei " noch nicht verstummt " , heißt es in raunendem Ton in der Einladung .
Auch über Güte und Effizienz einzelner Klimaschutzmaßnahmen bestehe " unter internationalen Experten und Politikern keine Einigkeit " .
Eine " wissenschaftliche Debatte " dieser kontroversen Punkte , so das Liberale Institut , sei " dringend geboten " , weshalb man auf der Konferenz " ein breites Spektrum an Information über den derzeitigen Stand der Klimaforschung " geben wolle .
Veranstalter und Referenten nahmen Geld von der US - Ölindustrie
Nun ist es eine alte Strategie von Ideologen und Wirtschaftslobbyisten , wissenschaftlichen Humbug als unbequemes Querdenkertum zu präsentieren und die Verteidigung eigener ökonomischer Interessen als Kampf für die allgemeine Freiheit .
Wirkliche Debatten sind auf der Tagung jedenfalls nicht zu erwarten , die Liste der Referenten könnte einseitiger kaum sein .
Vertreter der anerkannten Klimaforschung ( die sich über Ursachen und Wirkungen des Klimawandels seit Langem und im Wesentlichen einig ist ) werden keine Referate halten – stattdessen unter anderem ein emeritierter Informatikprofessor , ein ehemaliger Wirtschaftsberater von Margaret Thatcher und der Moskauer Büroleiter der rechten US - Stiftung Heritage Foundation .
Die Vortragstitel lauten zum Beispiel " Die klimatische Rolle der Sonne und der kosmischen Strahlung " oder " Grund zur Panik ?
Was bewegt den Meeresspiegel ? "
Als Star der Veranstaltung dient Fred Singer , ein US - Atmosphärenphysiker , der mit Angriffen auf den Weltklimarat IPCC bekanntgeworden ist .
Singer bestreitet zwar nicht , dass die menschlichen Kohlendioxid - Emissionen den Treibhauseffekt verstärken – doch hätten natürliche Faktoren einen größeren Einfluss aufs Klima .
Unter Umweltschützern und Wissenschaftlern ist Singer seit langem umstritten : Vor seiner Karriere als Klimaskeptiker bezweifelte er schon , ob und wie sehr Passivrauchen zu Lungenkrebs führt und ob das Ozonloch wirklich eine so schlimme Sache ist .
Die US - Organisation Union of Concerned Scientists listete in ihrer Studie " Smoke , Mirrors & Hot Air " , dass Singer bzw .
Institutionen , für die er gearbeitet hat , über Jahre Millionensummen von Firmen wie dem Ölriesen Exxon erhalten habe .
" Umweltschutz : Ja! Klimaschutz : Nein ! "
Auch der Mitveranstalter der Berliner " Klimakonferenz " , CFACT aus Washington , hat jahrelang Geld von Unternehmen genommen , die an der Zerstörung des Weltklimas ganz gut verdienen :
Die lobbyisten - kritische US - Website Sourcewatch.org listet beispielsweise Spenden von Chevron ( 60.500 Dollar ) , DaimlerChrysler ( 25.000 Dollar ) oder ExxonMobil ( 587.000 Dollar ) auf .
CFACT hat es sich zur Aufgabe gemacht , " Klima - Alarmismus " und den " Global Warming Hype " zu bekämpfen .
Zu seinem Mitarbeiterstab zählt der Jenaer CDU - Politiker Holger Thuss .
Thuss gründete 2004 einen europäischen CFACT - Ableger , der aber bislang nicht durch große Aktivitäten auffiel .
Er ist zudem Mitbesitzer eines Verlages für klimaskeptische Bücher .
Und er ist " Präsident " des Jenaer Vereins EIKE , der ebenfalls als Einlader für die Berliner Konferenz auftritt .
" Nicht das Klima ist bedroht , sondern unsere Freiheit " , lautet dessen Schlachtruf .
" Umweltschutz : Ja! Klimaschutz : Nein ! "
EIKE betreibt eine umfangreiche Website , auf der vorgeblich wissenschaftliche Abhandlungen zum Klimawandel veröffentlicht werden .
Im Sommer versuchte das " Institut " , mit einem Offenen Brief an Angela Merkel Aufmerksamkeit zu erregen .
Die Kanzlerin möge " von der Pseudoreligion der anthropogenen Erwärmung ablassen " , hieß es darin und sich von ihrem Klimaberater Hans - Joachim Schellnhuber trennen .
Seit der letzten Bundestagswahl regiert Angela Merkel nun mit der FDP , und Teilen der Partei scheint der Klimaskeptizismus der Friedrich - Naumann - Stiftung durchaus aus dem Herzen zu sprechen .
Wirtschaftsminister Rainer Brüderle etwa dürfte sich dadurch in seiner Forderung bestärkt sehen , die deutsche Wirtschaft erstmal von Klimaschutzauflagen zu verschonen .
" Klar , die Tagung ist in gewisser Weise einseitig "
Steffen Hentrich , der beim Liberalen Institut die geplante " Klimakonferenz " betreut , sagt : " Auf unsicherer wissenschaftlicher Basis darf man keine so weitreichenden Entscheidungen treffen . "
Hentrich meint damit die CO 2 - Minderungen , wie sie im schwarz - gelben Koalitionsvertrag bis 2020 beschlossen sind , und auch die meisten Klimaschutz - Ideen , die im Vorfeld des Kopenhagen - Gipfels diskutiert werden .
Derzeit sei es der Wissenschaft offenbar noch nicht möglich , " präzise Angaben " über die bevorstehende Erderwärmung zu machen , aber " wenn man keine präzisen Informationen hat " , dürfe man nicht einfach das Schlimmste annehmen und die Freiheit der Wirtschaft so tiefgreifend einschränken , fordert Hentrich .
Dabei ist völlig klar , dass aufs Komma genaue Prognosen angesichts des hochkomplexen Klimasystems der Erde niemals möglich sein werden .
Er sei zwar kein Naturwissenschaftler , sondern Volkswirt – aber man müsse doch beide Seiten der Wissenschaft anhören , meint Hentrich .
Dabei gibt es keine zwei Seiten – den wenigen Klimaleugnern und - skeptikern , wie sie auf der Berliner Konferenz auftreten werden , steht eine erdrückende Mehrheit der seriösen Experten gegenüber .
" Das Klima hat sich immer geändert " , sagt Hentrich .
Das ist ein auch bei den Leugnern beliebter Satz , der ebenso richtig wie irrelevant ist - denn er sagt nichts dazu , ob sich die Menschheit ( und vor allem ihr ärmster Teil ) an einen beispiellos abrupten Klimawandel anpassen kann .
" Klar " , gibt Hentrich zu , " das Tagungsprogramm ist in gewisser Weise einseitig . "
Auf mehrfaches Nachfragen räumt er ein , dass " die eine oder andere Auffassung " der Referenten " vielleicht auch unvollständig ist " .
Aber aus dem " Mainstream - Bereich " , so Hentrich , hätten halt leider keine Wissenschaftler zur Tagung kommen wollen .
Irgendwie mag man es den wirklichen Experten fürs Weltklima auch nicht verübeln , wenn sie sich Veranstaltungen wie die am 4 .
Dezember nicht mehr zumuten mögen .
Bei einer Vorgängertagung der Naumann - Stiftung vor vier Jahren war immerhin noch Hans von Storch angereist .
Der ist ein renommierter Klimatologe am Institut für Küstenforschung in Geesthacht bei Hamburg .
Manche Umweltschützer kritisieren ihn , weil er dazu rät , sich stärker als bisher um die Anpassung an den Klimawandel zu kümmern und nicht so sehr um die Vermeidung von Treibhausgasen .
Die Fraktion der Leugner bezieht sich deshalb sehr gern auf ihn .
Doch auf der Vorgängertagung 2005 hat Hans von Storch vorgetragen , dass die Differenzen unter den seriösen Klimaforschern " minimal " seien .
Alle Kritiken und Kritteleien an Publikationen etwa des Weltklimarats IPCC hätten " nicht ihre Kernaussage widerlegt , nämlich die , dass wir es zur Zeit mit einer außergewöhnlichen globalen Erwärmung zu tun haben , die sich weiter verstärken wird , wenn für den Klimaschutz nichts entscheidendes getan wird " .
Nachzulesen ist dies ausgerechnet auf der Internetseite der Friedrich - Naumann - Stiftung , in einer Zusammenfassung der vorherigen Klimatagung .
Von ihren außergewöhnlichen Ansichten zur Erderwärmung haben sich die liberalen Denker durch solch klare Worte nicht abbringen lassen .
Zum Weiterlesen :
Greenpeace - Report greift Exxon , Koch Industries und andere Förderer des " organisierten Zweifels " an
Screenshot : Friedrich - Naumann - Stiftung
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
American special forces have conducted multiple clandestine raids into Pakistan 's tribal areas as part of a secret war in the border region where Washington is pressing to expand its drone assassination programme .
A former Nato officer said the incursions , only one of which has been previously reported , occurred between 2003 and 2008 , involved helicopter - borne elite soldiers stealing across the border at night , and were never declared to the Pakistani government .
" The Pakistanis were kept entirely in the dark about it .
It was one of those things we would n't confirm officially with them , " said the source , who had detailed knowledge of the operations .
Such operations are a matter of sensitivity in Pakistan .
While public opinion has grudgingly tolerated CIA - led drone strikes in the tribal areas , any hint of American " boots on the ground " is greeted with virulent condemnation .
After the only publicly acknowledged special forces raid in September 2008 , Pakistan 's foreign office condemned it as " a grave provocation " while the military threatened retaliatory action .
The military source said that was the fourth raid of previous years .
Two of the others targeted Taliban and al - Qaida " high - value targets " near the border , while the third was to rescue a crashed Predator drone .
He said that one of the capture raids succeeded , the other failed and the US sent elite soldiers to the downed Predator because they did not trust Pakistani forces .
" People were afraid they would take the parts and reverse- engineer its components , " he said .
The secretive nature of the raids underscores the suspicious nature of the relationship between the two allies as they argue about Washington 's latest demands .
Disrupting the Taliban safe haven inside Pakistan is the unspoken part of Barack Obama 's " surge " announced this month .
Although 30,000 troops will be deployed to Afghanistan by next summer , the Taliban and al - Qaida leadership is believed to be sheltering on the Pakistani side of the 1,600 - mile border .
In recent weeks Washington has sent a stream of senior officials to Islamabad seeking Pakistani action on at least two fronts : attacks on Sirajuddin Haqqani , a warlord with strong al - Qaida ties based in North Waziristan , and an expansion of the CIA - led drone strikes into the western province of Balochistan .
" This is crunch time , " said a senior Pakistani official .
" The tone of the Obama administration is growing more ominous .
The message is ' you do it , or we will ' . "
In a recent New York Times article titled Take the war to Pakistan , Seth Jones , a senior civilian adviser to America 's special forces commander in Afghanistan , said the Afghan war was " run and organised out of Balochistan " by the Quetta shura , a 15 - man war council led by the Taliban leader Mullah Omar .
" Virtually all significant meetings of the Taliban take place in that province , and many of the group 's senior leaders and military commanders are based there , " he said .
The US demands have drawn an angry reaction from Pakistan 's military .
A senior official with the ISI , Pakistan 's premier spy agency , said it was hunting the Taliban in Balochistan , citing 60 joint operations between the CIA and ISI in the province over the past year .
" They are going in for kills , they are apprehending people .
CIA and ISI operatives depend on each other for their lives in these operations , " he said .
The official , who spoke anonymously but with official sanction , said Pakistan 's military were overstretched .
" We ca n't fight everywhere at once , " he said .
Since October the army has been at war in South Waziristan , stronghold of the " Pakistani Taliban " whose suicide bombers have killed more than 500 people in cities over the past two months .
US generals say the army is playing a " double game " , turning a blind eye to " Afghan Taliban " sheltering in Balochistan because it considers them strategic assets as part of a wider gambit to check Indian influence in Afghanistan .
The ISI official denied such links and accused the US of " scapegoating " Pakistan for its own failures .
" During the past year there has been zilch actionable intelligence about the Quetta shura or Haqqani , " he said .
" If they are so sure Mullah Omar is in Quetta or Karachi , why do n't they tell us where he is ? "
The CIA declined to comment .
" We do n't as a rule comment on the agency 's relationship with foreign partners or on reports of our operational activities , " it said .
The aggressive American approach to Balochistan contrasts with the low - key British tone , despite the fact Balochistan lies across the border from Helmand , where 9,000 British troops are fighting the Taliban .
A British official said the government was reluctant to publicly criticise Pakistan for fear of endangering the relationship between MI6 and ISI in tracking suspected extremists moving between Britain and Pakistan .
" That 's our priority .
It 's a matter of national security , " he said .
But SAS soldiers have been active in the province .
The former Nato officer said SAS units were active in Balochistan in 2002 , 2003 and possibly beyond , attacking drug traffickers .
" It was of strategic concern to the UK at the time , " he said .
Until now the US has heeded Pakistani objections to drone strikes in Balochistan .
But that could change , if troop casualties mount , a former senior US official warned .
" We could get tired and say ' you know what , we are sending in Predators to take out Mullah Omar and his gang in Quetta ' .
And then we 'll see what happens . "
" Larger than life " takes on a whole new meaning when you watch Beowulf swing from a dragon and hack branches that seem to just pop out of the TV .
TV manufacturers want to bring that experience to your living room with 3 - D displays that work much like the ones in the theaters .
Major consumer - electronics companies , including Panasonic , Mitsubishi and Sony , are betting on 3 - D , with compatible TV sets planned for the market in 2010 .
Sneak Peek :
3 - D TV Menu Systems Are Surprisingly Complicated
If three - dimensional television becomes the next HD — the way much of the industry hopes it will — how are viewers going to navigate those channels ?
Read more on Epicenter .
To understand why , here 's a short primer on how our vision works .
Our eyes are about 3 inches apart , which means each eye sees a slightly different perspective of the same scene .
The brain takes images from both eyes , fuses them together and uses the difference between the images to calculate distance , creating a sense of depth .
Getting the 3 - D effect at home involves tricking the brain into doing something similar with the images that it gets from a TV set .
But that 's not a trivial problem : TV makers have to figure out a way to precisely show a set of slightly different images to each of your eyes .
So how do they do that ?
Here are the key technologies that are making their way into 3 - D TVs .
Color Filter Glasses
Remember the old red-and - blue glasses at movie theaters that came to define 3 - D in the 1950s ?
The tinting acts as color filters , so the image specific to that particular eye is seen by it .
With both eyes seeing slightly different perspectives of the same image , a 3 - D effect is created .
But the red and blue glasses can make you sick – literally .
And the color filtering limits the colors that can be used to create content , so 3 - D content using this technique is not very vivid .
That 's why most movie theaters do n't use the tech any more , and neither do TV manufacturers .
Pros : Inexpensive , quick and easy way to watch and create 3 - D movies or shows .
Cons :
Since the image input to the eye is not controlled , it can cause headaches , nausea and just that icky feeling that kills the thrill of 3 - D .
It 's not worth the trouble , because the 3 - D picture is not much to look at either .
Shutter Glasses
In this method , the left and right images are alternated rapidly on the HDTV .
A single sequential imager switches very rapidly between the left and right images when projecting the information on a display .
For the eye to view the right set of images , viewers have to wear a pair of battery - powered glasses with shutters that can open and close rapidly .
Each shutter is synchronized to transmit the wanted image and block out the unwanted one .
The two sides open and close in alternation while the screen displays left - and right - eye images in sync with the glasses .
The shutter glasses are in sync with the screen 's refresh rate of 120 Hz .
The result is that the left eye sees only the intended left view of the image , and the right eye sees the intended right view , and it happens so fast that your brain blends it together into a single , stereoscopic image .
The technique is called active - shutter technology .
Active - shutter glasses contain liquid crystal , a receiver - transmitter combination that uses infrared , Bluetooth or radio technology .
The HDTV sends a signal to the glasses to synchronize them to the images on the screen .
Meanwhile , alternating electrical signals activate the LCD screen in the lens , blocking or transmitting the view .
The active - shutter glass idea has become popular among big TV makers such as Panasonic and Sony .
Both have committed to having at least one model of 3 - D ready TVs in stores by the end of 2010 .
Pros : Glasses are relatively inexpensive , no ghosting effect or delayed images that results when tinted glasses are used .
Reduced viewer fatigue .
Most likely to be available next year .
Cons :
It 's like watching television with your sunglasses on .
There can be up to a 50 percent loss of picture brightness .
Add to that the timing lag and 3 - D can get a bit rocky .
In case of fast - moving sequences like a NASCAR race , the flicker can be noticeable .
Polarized Glasses
An alternative to active shutter glasses are polarized glasses that have lenses similar to those on sunglasses .
The lenses have polarization that is adjusted to be orthogonal – set perpendicularly at 90 - degree angles – to one another .
The 3 - D material is projected by two projectors , which each have polarizing lenses in front of them .
The surface on which the images are projected is coated with special chemicals so it does not affect the polarization .
Because each filter passes only the light that is similarly polarized and blocks the orthogonally polarized light , each eye sees only the image intended for it .
The brain then puts these images together to create a three - dimensional effect .
Though the big boys of consumer electronics are not yet betting on this , the method offers the best viewing experience we have seen so far .
Take the technology from HDI , a startup that can take two separate full - resolution imagers and integrate it as one projector .
For viewers , this means no reduction in image quality , and brightness that is almost as good as what you can get from a traditional LCD TV .
Increasingly , movie theaters are offering polarized glasses for 3 - D movies .
Meanwhile , LG has said it is working on having a 3 - D ready TV next year based with polarized glasses .
Pros : Light weight ; pictures with amazing level of detail and color .
Cons :
The big TV makers have to still buy into the technology .
No Glasses
If putting on a pair of glasses all day to watch TV sounds annoying , there 's a way to do it without glasses called autostereoscopy .
There are two ways to get this right : lenticular lenses or the parallax barrier .
Take LG's 3D TV intriguingly codenamed M4200D .
The idea uses cylindrical plastic lenses known as lenticules .
The lenticules are placed on a transparent sheet which is fixed on the LCD screen .
The lenticules must be perfectly aligned with the image underneath .
Each lenticule then acts as a magnifying glass to enlarge and display the portion of the image below it .
The viewer 's eye directly perpendicular to the screen sees the portion of the LCD that is directly under each lens .
The other eye , observing the screen from a slightly different angle , sees a portion of the LCD that is off - center under each lens .
The brain then combines the two views to create the perception of depth .
The idea comes with some real fine print .
It requires an optimum viewing distance of 13 feet ( or 4 meters ) , and there 's no messing around with that .
Sit outside that zone and you are likely to see a set of muddled images .
The parallax barrier works on a similar principle .
It has a layer of material with some precise slits placed in front of a regular LCD screen .
These allow each eye to see a different set of pixels creating the 3 - D effect .
For instance , Sharp , which has shown 3 - D TVs that do n't require glasses , has developed electrically switchable liquid crystals that are aligned with the columns of pixels in the display .
When switched on , the parallax barrier controls the direction at which the light leaves the display and the way it hits your eyes .
Even better , the parallax barrier can be switched off for 2 - D content .
Both LG and Sharp TVs are still in the prototype stage .
Sharp 's 3 - D TV technology is unlikely to hit the production line anytime soon .
Philips , which has also shown a concept 3 - D TV in the past , has said it is not working on bringing the TVs to market .
Pros :
No glasses required .
It 's like watching TV the old fashioned way .
Cons :
You need to sit in one of the " sweet spots " to get the image right .
Also sitting in the lotus position may be preferred .
Okay , we made the last part up – but this technology definitely requires you to sit in exactly the right spot .
No lying down on the floor !
See Also :
Top Photo : ( dryxe / Flickr ) ; Red-Blue Glasses ( Gecko Photo / Flickr ) ; Polarized Glasses ( Adrian Gonsalves / Flickr )
About Hidden Dublin Tours
Dark mysteries , colourful history , and spectacular Irish tours !
Come experience our world - famous Dublin Ghost Bus , Zombie Bus and Comedy Tours for the most immersive , fun night out in Dublin city !
We focus on the characters , love the outdoors , and CUSTOM BUILD our UNIQUE , NOT -TO -BE -MISSED ATTRACTION buses .
That ’s what makes us different !
A journalist was killed this week as he left a holiday party in the Caribbean resort town of Tulum , human rights officials said Friday , bringing to 12 the number of reporters killed this year in the country .
The journalist , Alberto Velázquez , who worked for the newspaper Expresiones de Tulum , was killed Tuesday .
According to the Committee to Protect Journalists , Mr. Velázquez had written articles critical of local officials , and his paper had received threats .
In a statement , the group quoted colleagues as saying Mr. Velázquez was shot by a gunman on a motorcycle , and they believed it was related to his reporting .
Thanks to a clandestine meeting with a source , I got a chance to play with and try out the Nexus One .
It 's basically , from my time with it , Google 's Droid killer .
It 's thin , it 's fast , it 's better in every way .
Advertisement
My source was very firm about no photography , and I did n't want to jeopardize anything on my source 's end , so there are no photos , hence these photos are ones we 've already shown you .
But , based on all the leaked shots this week , plus the very pretty and very clear one last week from Boy Genius , everyone knows what the phone looks like already .
Hell , there 's even a complete UI walkthrough today that 's on YouTube .
So I 'm going to focus on the experience , and how it compares to the Droid and the iPhone 3GS .
What Is This ?
This is a tricky one .
What 's the QR Code on that flag our little Android friend is waving ?
Read more
Advertisement
How it feels
The Nexus One is slightly thinner than the iPhone 3GS , and slightly lighter .
No hard specs were thrown around , unfortunately , since Google did n't even let people who they gave the phone to know that .
The back is definitely not cheap and plasticky , like the iPhone 's backing , and feels like some sort of rubbery material .
So , not smooth like the iPhone , but not as rubbery as the Droid .
It 's halfway in - between .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
You can call the design the antithesis of the Droid : smooth , curved , and light , instead of hard , square and pointy .
It feels long and silky and natural in your hand — even more so than the iPhone 3GS .
There are also three gold contacts on the bottom designed for future docking ( possibly charging ? ) use , but there are n't any accessories available for the phone now .
It plugs in via microUSB at the moment .
Advertisement
That screen is damn good
Even though the screen is the same size and same resolution as the Droid , it 's noticeably better .
The colors are much more vibrant and the blacks are blacker , as evidenced by putting both side by side and hitting up various websites and loading various games .
The pinks on Perez Hilton and the blues on Gizmodo just popped a lot more on the N1 , and made the Droid ( which was actually considered to have a great screen ) seem washed out .
The same feeling carries over when you compare the Nexus with the iPhone 3GS .
And it 's pretty damn bright , compared to the other two phones .
Advertisement
This is probably the best screen we 've seen on a smartphone so far .
Probably .
Why is it so fast ?
Google just gave Motorola ( and Verizon ) a swift shot to the TSTS , because the Nexus One is astonishingly faster than the Droid .
The speed dominance was most evident when we compared the loading of webpages , but even when you 're just scrolling around , launching apps and moving about the OS , you could tell that there 's a beefier brain inside the N1 .
I do n't know the specs for sure , but there 's talk of a 1GHz processor being inside , which would push it quite a ways above the 550MHz Arm A8 in Motorola 's newest toy .
Advertisement
When comparing the three phones in loading a webpage over Wi -Fi , the Nexus One loaded first , the iPhone 3GS came in a few seconds later , and the Droid came in a little while after that .
This was constant throughout many webpage loads , so it 's indicative of something going on inside with the hardware .
I ran all three through a Javascript benchmark engine for some quantifiable numbers , and while the results were similar between the Nexus One and the iPhone 3GS , the Droid still came up at about 60 % of the other two .
Surprisingly enough , Mobile Safari on the iPhone scored better on the Javscript benches than the Nexus did , even though the Nexus was able to pull down and render actual web pages faster .
Note that I did n't list actual numbers here , for privacy reasons .
Advertisement
That crazy video background
You 've no doubt heard about the animated video backgrounds , but they 're actually more than just animations : you can interact with them .
Advertisement
The default background is the square / 8 - bit like one shown above , where lines of colored squares come in from different sides of the screen .
What 's neat ( even if it is superfluous and battery draining ) is that you can tap anywhere on the desktop in a blank space and trigger dots to spread out from your tap .
Basically , press anywhere to cause blocks to fly outwards .
The same thing happens in the " water " background , except instead of blocks , you cause ripples in the water .
Advertisement
What 's also neat are the two virtual sound meters , which act as a visualizer for whatever music you 're currently playing on your phone .
There 's one analog one that looks like one of the old ones with a red needle , and a " digital " one that looks similar to ones you see elsewhere .
Sorta neat in itself , but it shows that the interactive backgrounds can actually interact with apps , as long as one knows the other 's APIs .
Other bits
The 5 - megapixel camera is nice , and the flash works well enough for a flash on a phone , but it 's not spectacular , as seen by early photos taken and uploaded online by Googlers .
There is autofocus , and you activate it with the trackball on the face of the phone .
There is no tap - to - focus as see on the iPhone 3GS .
Advertisement
There 's no multitouch in the browser or in the map , but I think at this point that 's more of a legal consideration than a technical one , since many phones that run Android have the capability of supporting multitouch on a hardware level .
Playing back music over the speakers sounded decent , but not great .
It 's definitely in need of a dock — like all smartphones — if you want to listen to music for a sustained period .
Advertisement
I did n't get a chance to call on it , because I wanted to keep this as anonymous as possible , and did n't want any sort of way to trace when I used the phone .
From what other people say in their time with it , it functions fine as a phone , and should work as normally as other Android phones in the SMS / MMS department .
So what 's this all mean ?
If Google 's planning on releasing this phone as their official Google phone , it 'll certify them as the premium Android phone brand out there right now .
Even though it does n't have a hardware keyboard , it basically beats the hell out of the Droid in every single task that we threw at it .
And face it , some people did n't like the Droid 's keyboard because it was too flush and the keys were too unseparated with each other .
N1 's onscreen keyboard felt fine , and the speedy processor made sure that each key was interpreted well .
Advertisement
But in the end , it 's still an Android phone .
If you want Android phones , this is the one to get , provided Google goes ahead with the rumored plans of either selling it themselves or partnering with T - Mobile in a more traditional role .
Droid , shmoid ; Nexus is the one you 're looking for .
Image courtesy anonymous tipster
Introduction
With Windows 7 due out later this month , many of you are no doubt counting the days until release .
I 've played with both the beta and RC of Microsoft 's latest OS , and quite honestly , I liked what I saw .
If this had come out in 2006 when ' Longhorn ' was promised , I have no doubt that I would not have switched to Linux ( at least not yet ) .
However , that 's not how events played out .
What really happened was ' Longhorn ' became Vista , and it did n't make it out the door until 2007 .
It arrived late , buggy , irritating ( UAC ) , overpriced , underwhelming , confusing ( licensing ) , and in some cases , incompatible .
Now , almost three years later , and almost five since Longhorn 's initially - planned release , Microsoft is releasing the OS they should have launched several years ago .
Unfortunately , Windows 7 is also overpriced ( slightly less so than Vista ) , and even more confusing .
But first , let 's go over what Microsoft did right .
Windows 7 is going to launch when the company said it will launch .
Because of a long beta and RC testing phase , 7 is not going to be as buggy as Vista was when it debuted .
Microsoft has taken the UAC down a notch .
It has also come down on the price a little .
The highest edition of 7 ( Ultimate ) is fifty percent more expensive than the highest edition of XP ( Pro ) .
This is opposed to 100 % more expensive ( Vista Ultimate versus XP Pro ) .
But fair enough , the price did drop somewhat .
Underwhelming , 7 is not .
In terms of its user interface , Vista was pretty much XP with a reorganized Start Menu and a black taskbar .
Flip 3D was basically nothing more than a choppy gimmick ( though the thumbnail previews of windows within the taskbar are pretty sweet ; Windows 7 kept them , and I use them in Linux ) .
Windows 7 actually succeeds in terms of a being a unified vision that pays tribute to the brand .
Everything is made of glass in 7 .
Vista began this trend with the transparent glass window borders and the overlaid faux - reflection texture .
But 7 really takes the use of transparent glass and reflections to the extreme .
The window borders , menus , some applications , and even the taskbar and start menu are all made of glass .
New tricks include being able to make all windows transparent to see the desktop .
As a total package , Windows 7 has what I consider to be the first true Windows theme .
Finally , we 're left with how Microsoft figured out how to solve its backward - compatibility issues .
With the introduction of XP Mode ( XPM ) , Windows 7 will not fall victim to the nightmare of incompatibilities suffered by early - adopters of Vista .
XPM is a fully - licensed copy of Windows XP Service Pack 3 running in a VirtualPC Virtual Machine ( VM ) .
In many cases XPM is the clincher that holdouts needed in order to finally upgrade .
Unfortunately , the confusion created by the Windows 7 licensing scheme has all but ruined their compatibility fix .
XPM is only included in Windows 7 Professional and Ultimate .
If you want a full retail boxed copy of Windows 7 with XPM , you 're going to have to fork over $ 300 for Professional , or $ 320 for Ultimate .
If you already own a copy of Windows XP or Vista , you can pay $ 200 for the upgrade to Professional , or $ 220 for Ultimate .
Let that sink in for a minute .
That 's right , Windows 7 Home Premium ( and below ) does not have XPM .
Most systems sold by retailers come with a version of Windows completely lacking XPM .
Wait , it gets better .
Thanks to Microsoft 's ingenious Windows Anytime Upgrade , consumers who bought a new PC with Windows 7 Home Premium can upgrade to Professional for $ 90 or Ultimate for $ 140 .
If you were sold Home Basic or Starter edition , you 'll have to first upgrade to Home Premium for $ 80 .
Like I said , ' ingenious . '
One way or another , you are probably going to have to pay Microsoft some amount of money if you want XPM ...
... or not .
If you 're open to using Linux , you too can have a fast and secure next - gen OS with full XP compatibility , all for free !
The world 's smallest mother is about to give birth for the third time - despite warnings she is risking her life .
Stacey Herald , who is just 2ft 4in tall , was told that becoming pregnant could kill her , but bravely defied doctors to have two babies half her height .
The 35 - year - old from Dry Ridge , Kentucky in the U.S. suffers from Osteogenesis Imperfecta , which causes brittle bones and underdeveloped lungs , and means she failed to grow .
Mrs Herald , who uses a wheelchair , and her husband Will , who is 5ft 9in , are eagerly awaiting the birth of their third baby , due in the next four weeks .
Currently as wide as she is tall , she cannot hold her daughter because her belly gets in the way , and has to rely on her husband to do most things around the house .
She admits being pregnant is ‘ uncomfortable ' and leaves her bedridden for weeks on end .
By the time the new addition , a boy , is one , he will already tower over his mother .
But despite all the obstacles , the mother and father , a trainee priest , say they want even more children .
The couple met in 2000 while working for a supermarket in their home town .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
The man who was arrested with two guns and hundreds of rounds of ammunition near the Capitol during President Barack Obama ’s health care speech in September had been an employee of the George W. Bush White House .
The arrest of the man , Joshua Bowman , was widely reported at the time , but the news stories made no mention of his previous employment :
For several years he worked in the Executive Office of the President , dealing with tech issues , including White House emails , his lawyer , George Braun , tells Mother Jones .
On the night of September 9 , Bowman was on his way to meet Braun , a Bush administration political appointee , at the National Republican Club on First Street , SE when he was stopped by Capitol Police around 7:45 p.m.— minutes before Obama was scheduled to deliver a major address to Congress pushing his health care initiative .
Bowman had driven up to a security checkpoint and told officers he wanted to park , but his lack of a permit for the area aroused their suspicions , and they asked to search his car .
The previous weekend , Bowman and Braun had gone duck - hunting , according to Braun .
But Bowman forgot that he still had the guns in his car when he consented to a search of his vehicle , a Honda Civic with a bumper sticker proclaiming , “ I ’ll keep my guns , freedom , and money ….
you keep the change . ”
The officers found a Beretta 12 gauge semi-automatic * shotgun , a .22 caliber long rifle , and over 400 rounds of ammunition in Bowman ’s trunk .
The guns were unloaded and in their cases , according to court records .
Braun says they were disassembled .
The Capitol Police took Bowman into custody and charged him with two counts of possession of an unregistered firearm and one count of unlawful possession of ammunition .
He faced up to $ 3,000 in fines and as much as three years in jail .
( The case is still pending . )
When Braun — who was at the National Republican Club , hanging out with congressmen including Iowa ’s Tom Latham and Nebraska ’s Lee Terry — finally heard from Bowman , it was around 10 p.m. Bowman told Braun he needed Braun to get him out of jail , explaining that he had been stopped with guns in his car .
“ Do n’t you know that ’s illegal ? ” Braun asked .
Both men were surprised when they heard the story on the radio as they left jail the next day .
Braun thought the coverage was excessive .
“ They were making him sound like a terrorist , ” Braun said .
“ Does [ Bowman ] look like a terrorist ?
He has the élan to walk around with a bowtie . ”
Braun suggested that Bowman was only caught with the guns because he was used to having a White House security pass and expected to be able to park near the Capitol .
He probably would n’t have been stopped and searched by Capitol Police if he had still had the pass .
He had left government employ just a few weeks earlier , having landed a high - paying job at Northrop Grumman .
“ He hung out for a long time .
He worked for a Republican administration and he was pretty much the last person in the Democratic administration .
It ’s not that he thought the new administration was right or wrong — it ’s called ‘ a year and a day , ’ and Josh was there for six , ” Braun said , referring to the Washington tradition of working a government job for long enough to put it on your resume and then leaving for a higher - paid private sector gig .
It seems pretty clear that Bowman was n’t planning anyone any harm when he drove to Capitol Hill in September .
Braun claims the Secret Service was unconcerned about the incident ( no federal charges were filed ) because they knew Bowman from his years in the White House .
But having unregistered guns in the District of Columbia is illegal ( although perhaps not for much longer if gun rights advocates continue to win court challenges ) , and Bowman certainly made a big mistake .
Even his girlfriend thought so .
“ His girlfriend called me up and asked , ‘ Is my boyfriend the stupidest guy in the world or what ? ' ”
Braun said .
For the moment , it ’s unclear whether that mistake will land Bowman in jail .
* An earlier version of this article described the shotgun as automatic .
Jeepers ... are you sure this thing is safe ?
Amazing ' invisible ' cage which puts you a whisker away from lion 's jaws
The four passengers in the jeep must feel a whisker away from death as a lion jumps up on to their bonnet for lunch .
But that 's all part of the attraction .
The jeep is a new zoo exhibit which allows visitors to get incredibly close to the lions .
The back part of the vehicle , up to where the windscreen should be , is actually on the outside of the reinforced glass cage .
The bonnet is on the inside , and covered with meat to entice the big cats closer .
Lunch time :
The astonished tourists are just inches away from the lion 's jaws at the Werribee Open Range Zoo in Victoria , Australia
Do n't mind me :
The lion tucks into his food as the bemused tourists look on
It makes for an exhilarating experience , according to Robyn and Davin Price , both 34 , who visited the Werribee Open Range Zoo , in Melbourne , Australia , with their children Ariel , five , Eden , three , and baby Evie .
Mrs Price said : ' It was absolutely amazing .
You can't even see the glass is there . '
Her husband added : ' I 'm sure the lions thought our children were their dessert !'
This incredible Lions on the Edge exhibit , which puts you just inches from a lion ’s jaws , is one of the biggest attractions at the zoo .
Kings of the jungle Tombo and Tonyi are joined by two lionesses in the exhibit .
Though it has been open since 2006 , the male lions were added just last month - leading to some startling photo opportunities .
A pause between courses :
The lion polishes off his meal , and waits hungrily for the next
Come a little closer :
The jungle king seems unperturbed by the toddler immediately behind him
Davin added : ' The children were trying to reach out to touch the lions .
It 's a brilliant idea .
' I 've never been so close to such incredible animals before .
Heather Sargeant , who was also at the zoo on Friday , said : ' You do n't realise just how big they are until they are staring you in the face like that .
Behind the looking glass :
Another view of the exhibit from the zoo 's website
' I did ask a staff member a few questions about how strong the glass was before I felt able to sit down .
' It 's both frightening , exciting and exhilarating all at the same time . '
This unique opportunity to get up close to the fearsome cats has won the 25 - year - old zoo an award and promises to be a mane attraction for years to come .
Brotherly love : Tombo and Tonyi cuddle together unaware that they are being watched in this photograph taken by a camera hidden beneath a log in their enclosure
Skrillex It [ Ohmicide ] 's an absolutely crazy multiband distortion , compression , EQ and filter , which pretty much lets you do anything .
Singer - songwriter , producer
Adam Freeland Since
I 've been using
Ohm , my chest has got a lot more hairy and hot girls keep asking for a fondle , I 'd recommend Ohm to anyone .
DJ / composer / producer
Celmar Engel [ About the Minimonsta : Melohman ]
That 's the first I feel the " Big Scraping Bottom " impression of a Real Analog Synth sound delivered by a plugin .
Amazing .
Synth guru w/ Eurythmics , Ray Charles , Stevie Wonder ...
Andy Cato Ohm
Force plugins are the most used things in my studio .
Groove Armada
Jordan Rudess
I can't stop playing with these effects !!!!!!!!!!!!!! [...]
Thank you for making a synthesizer that has me joyously bewildered !
Dream Theater
Matt Black Creative minds just love the Ohm Force plugins ...
Especially the Quad Frohmage , full of sonic delights for today 's head !
Coldcut
Tom Rowlands
I really dig the new Ohmicide plugin in its some heavy duty bizniz .
The Chemical Brothers
Count I only wish we had known about your plugins earlier . [...]
All those hours [ spent making sounds less generic ] have been reduced to a few seconds with these plugins .
Great stuff !
Halou , w/ Radiohead , Frank Sinatra , New Order , etc .
Liam Howlett
Oh shit !
These fellas are the shit !
The Prodigy
Trent Reznor
I bought the Oddity [...] a few months ago and could n't believe how great [ it was ] . [...]
I checked out the Quad Frohmage [...] and well , the rest is history .
Nine Inch Nails
Andy Moor Life without many of their plugins is not worth thinking about .
Always the first group of plugins I go to when looking for inspiration .
World - famous trance - and progressive DJ / producer
The speech below was given the same week as the inaugural .
It 's far more memorable -- and far more important for progressives and activists .
Obama the candidate was a potent symbol of equality -- as was Hillary Clinton -- but anyone who ever bought into the Republican line that he was the " most progressive " Democrat in the Senate was kidding themselves .
Obama 's voting record was always down at the bottom of the heap with Lieberman , Nelson , Lincoln , Landrieu , Pryor , Baucus ...
As we mentioned dozens of times during the primary , he wasas progressive as the more moderate , less conservative junior senator from New York .
" Hope " and " Change " were goals we had to work actively for ; they still are .
Labels : Progressive Movement , Van Jones
Nuclear Regulatory Systems Crucial for Both Old and New Nuclear
- By Mark McFadden -
An international conference dedicated to nuclear regulatory systems and the role they play in the safe and secure use of nuclear power officially opened 15 December in Cape Town , South Africa .
The five - day event is addressing the need to foster international cooperation among regulators so they can share regulatory knowledge , practices and information .
Recommendations and guidance on how to establish and maintain independent and effective national regulatory systems are also to be shared among participants .
In his opening address , Tomihiro Taniguchi , IAEA Deputy Director General and Head of the Department of Safety and Security , spoke of the IAEA ’s role in building safety and security capacity in Member States .
" The IAEA continues to support and promote continuous improvements in the global nuclear safety and security regime as a framework for achieving high levels of safety and security in nuclear activities worldwide . "
He also reminded the audience that while safety performance indicators have shown steady improvement over the last two decades , their guard should not be lowered .
" It is necessary to avoid complacency and to continuously improve and strengthen the existing global nuclear safety and security regime so that the use of nuclear technologies can be introduced or expanded in a safe and credible manner to meet the world ’s needs for human well - being , environmental protection , growth and development , " he said .
Gregory Jaczko , Chairman of the US Nuclear Regulatory Commission and President of the Conference said that nuclear regulation is a global responsibility and the conference should be seen as an opportunity to make concrete progress and lay out a strong plan of action .
" At the conference this week , we will examine and discuss our priorities as regulators and work to identify and address the challenges we face – both individually and together – around safety and security .
The work we do is critical for each of our countries and for the international community as a whole , " he said .
Elizabeth Dipuo Peters , Minister of Energy of South Africa , stressed the importance of nuclear safety and security for public acceptance of nuclear power .
" The assurance of nuclear safety and security forms the basis and the vital cog upon which citizens will inevitably support nuclear energy programmes .
It is against this background that there is a need to continuously review and enhance the national and international nuclear safety and security framework . "
She also praised the IAEA for its role in assisting Member States in these issues .
" The IAEA is invariably trusted to provide independent views and advice in order to strengthen safety and security whilst preserving the sovereignty , authority and responsibilities of member states , " she said .
The conference is focusing on four topical issues :
Emerging Regulatory Challenges ;
Regulatory Indepedence and Effectiveness ;
Impact of Multinational Activities on the National Responsibility for Nuclear Safety and Secutiry ; and
International Safety and Security Cooperation .
The International Conference on Effective Nuclear Regulatory Systems is held in Cape Town , South Africa , from 14 to 18 December 2009 .
The conference theme is Further Enhancing the Global Nuclear Safety and Security Regime .
The five - day conference is organized by the IAEA and hosted by the Government of South Africa through the National Nuclear Regulator ( NNR ) .
The Cape Town event is the second in a series of meetings that began in 2006 in Moscow , Russia .
Pot Party
Tom Tancredo has never inhaled .
In fact , he 's never even tried pot .
So when he says that marijuana should be legalized , there 's no need to ask what he 's been smoking .
Legalizing marijuana might seem an unlikely crusade for the controversial former congressman whose campaign against illegal immigration inspired a run for the 2008 Republican presidential nomination , but it 's no pipe dream for Tancredo .
" A lot of what pushed me into this position was watching what happened on the border , " he explains .
" The issue of violence that surrounds it — not just on the border — and the crime all over the place .
The number of people in prison and the amount we spend to keep them there .
The broken families . "
Info Tom Tancredo
When you add it all up , " when you put all the stuff on the scales " — so to speak — " there 's no question , " he says .
" It tips automatically to the legalization side . "
When Tancredo subbed as a talk - show host on KOA a week ago , " all anyone wanted to talk about was marijuana , " he notes .
The conversation started with a cop who lived in Aurora and said he'd " never been accosted on the scene by someone who'd smoked marijuana . "
After that , the phone never stopped ringing .
" Every argument that 's been given to me to keep drugs classified as illegal applies to alcohol , " Tancredo continues .
" I just do n't see any great move for Prohibition anymore . "
Although ending the War on Drugs was never the issue that got Tancredo the most attention during his ten years in Congress , never got him banned from the White House by Karl Rove as " a traitor to the president , " as did his criticism of President George W. Bush 's immigration policies in 2002 , every year Tancredo would vote for an amendment to the Department of Justice funding bill , one that included language prohibiting any monies from being used to " enforce any drug laws in contradiction to state law . "
Last week , the Barack Obama administration finally directed the Justice Department to stay away from prosecuting users and providers in states where medical marijuana has been legalized .
That 's led to a boom in dispensaries — and a parallel boom in municipalities trying to come up with their own laws to regulate them .
" I worry that there will be a backlash that will not be helpful , " Tancredo says .
Legalizing marijuana , on the other hand , would remove the need to come up with such regulations .
Tancredo is now the chairman of the Rocky Mountain Foundation .
The nonprofit has three policy centers , including the Center for Energy Policy and the Center for Individual Liberty , which is pushing for an end to the War on Drugs .
The third is the Center for Immigration and Citizenship .
Not surprisingly , that 's the issue that still has Tancredo crisscrossing the country for speaking engagements , including one at a Constitutional Party meeting in Phoenix last week .
" They want me to run for president , " says Tancredo .
But Tancredo's already done that , and he has a better idea : Maybe he 'll run against John McCain for his Senate seat .
There 's the little matter of Tancredo living in Colorado and McCain in Arizona , but he knows just how easy it is to cross borders and break down barriers .
" That would be a real way to rebrand the Republican Party , " Tancredo says , and laughs .
" I can't smoke any dope at least while that 's on the horizon . "
Overview
As the current decade draws to a close , relatively few Americans have positive things to say about it .
By roughly two - to - one , more say they have a generally negative ( 50 % ) rather than a generally positive ( 27 % ) impression of the past 10 years .
This stands in stark contrast to the public ’s recollection of other decades in the past half - century .
When asked to look back on the 1960s , 1970s , 1980s and 1990s , positive feelings outweigh negative in all cases .
To be sure , the passage of time may affect the way people view these historical periods .
For example , had we asked the public ’s impression of the 1970s in December of 1979 , the negatives may well have outweighed the positives .
By a wide margin , the 9/11 terrorist attacks are seen as the most important event of the decade , with Barack Obama ’s election as president a distant second – even among his political supporters .
And the sour view of the decade is broad - based , with few in any political or demographic group offering positive evaluations .
Happy to put the 2000s behind them , most Americans are optimistic that the 2010s will be better .
Nearly six - in - ten ( 59 % ) say they think the next decade will be better than the last for the country as a whole , though roughly a third ( 32 % ) think things will be worse .
There are a number of recent changes and trends that are viewed favorably .
In particular , the major technological and communications advances are viewed in an overwhelmingly positive light .
Clear majorities see cell phones , the internet and e-mail as changes for the better , and most also view specific changes such as handheld internet devices and online shopping as beneficial trends .
There is greater division of opinion , however , over whether social networking sites or internet blogs have been changes for the better or changes for the worse .
Most see increasing racial and ethnic diversity as a change for the better , as well as increased surveillance and security measures and the broader range of news and entertainment options .
But the public is divided over whether wider acceptance of gays and lesbians , cable news talk and opinion shows , and the growing number of people with money in the stock market are good or bad trends .
Reality TV shows are , by a wide margin , the least popular trend tested in the poll ; 63 % say these shows have been a change for the worse .
Tattoos are also unpopular with many – 40 % say more people getting tattoos is a change for the worse , though 45 % say it makes no difference and 7 % see it as a change for the better .
A ‘ Downhill ’ Decade
The breadth and depth of discontent with the current decade is reflected in the words people use to describe it .
The single most common word or phrase used to characterize the past 10 years is downhill , and other bleak terms such as poor , decline , chaotic , disaster , scary , and depressing are common .
Other , more neutral , words like change , fair and interesting also come up , and while the word good is near the top of the list , there are few other positive words mentioned with any frequency .
Boomers Look Back Fondly
There is no significant generational divide in impressions of the current decade : Roughly half in all age groups view the 2000s negatively , while less than a third rates the decade positively .
This is in stark contrast to generational differences in views of previous decades .
The 1990s are viewed far more positively by younger people – roughly two - thirds of Americans younger than 50 have a positive impression of the decade compared with fewer than half of people ages 50 and older .
The 1960s , by contrast , receive generally positive ratings from people ages 50 and older , while those under 50 offer more mixed views .
The biggest generational division of opinion is in retrospective evaluations of the 1970s .
Baby Boomers – most of whom are between the ages of 50 and 64 today and were between 20 and 34 in 1979 – view this decade in an overwhelmingly favorable light , with positive impressions outnumbering negative views by 48 points ( 59 % positive vs. 11 % negative ) .
By contrast , people who were younger than 20 at the end of the 1970s – who are currently in their 30s and 40s – offer a less positive assessment ; just 28 % view the decade positively , 20 % negatively , and 52 % say neither or offer no opinion .
The decade out of the last half century with the best image right now is the 1980s .
While comparable percentages offer positive evaluations of the 1980s ( 56 % ) and 1990s ( 57 % ) , negative ratings for the 1980s are lower than for the 1990s ( 12 % vs. 19 % ) .
And the balance of opinion about the 1980s is overwhelmingly positive across all age groups – with positive views outnumbering negative by more than three - to - one across the board .
Next Decade Looks Better
Most Americans ( 59 % ) think the next decade will be better than the current one for the country as a whole , and this perspective is widely shared across most political and demographic groups .
But a significant minority – 32 % – is of the view that things will be worse in the 2010s than in the 2000s .
Republicans are twice as likely as Democrats ( 42 % vs. 20 % ) to offer a pessimistic assessment of the next decade .
Roughly a third ( 34 % ) of independents offer a gloomy prediction .
Generationally , Americans between the ages of 50 and 64 are the most pessimistic about the 2010s – 42 % think things will be worse over the next 10 years .
This compares with 30 % of people under 50 and just 26 % of those age 65 and older .
Along religious lines , white evangelical Protestants take a far more pessimistic view of the next decade than other major religious groups .
Just over half ( 52 % ) of white evangelicals predict that the coming decade will be worse than the current one , far more than the number of white mainline Protestants ( 29 % ) , white Catholics ( 24 % ) or unaffiliated ( 28 % ) Americans who take this view .
9/11 the Crystallizing Event
When offered a list of six major events of the decade , just over half ( 53 % ) say that the Sept. 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks were the single most important event of the decade .
Trailing far behind , 16 % cite Obama ’s election as president , 12 % the 2008 financial crisis , 6 % George W. Bush ’s election as president , 5 % the war in Iraq , and 3 % cite Hurricane Katrina .
More than a quarter ( 28 % ) of Democrats say Obama ’s election was the single most important event of the decade , far more than among independents ( 12 % ) or Republicans ( 8 % ) .
Because of this focus on Obama ’s election , fewer Democrats ( 43 % ) cite the Sept. 11 attacks as the biggest event of the decade than Republicans ( 60 % ) or independents ( 56 % ) .
And while 9/11 is seen as the most important event across all age groups , opinions about the importance of other events differ in significant ways .
People under age 30 are more likely than their elders to name the war in Iraq as the most important event of the decade ( 11 % vs. 3 % of those ages 30 and over ) .
And , along with the oldest cohort , younger Americans are less likely to name 9/11 as the most important event .
Technology and Communications Changes Viewed Positively
The internet – perhaps the seminal technological development of recent decades – conti
nues to be widely seen in a favorable light .
About two - thirds ( 65 % ) say the internet has been a change for the better , while just 16 % say it has been a change for the worse ; 11 % say it has n’t made much difference while 8 % are unsure .
This largely mirrors the balance of opinion at the close of the 1990s – the decade that saw the widespread adoption of the web .
In 1999 , 69 % called the internet a change for the better and 18 % called it a change for the worse .
As with most technological developments , young people and the well educated are particularly likely to embrace the internet as a change for the better .
About three - quarters ( 76 % ) of young people view the web as a positive change , compared with far fewer ( 42 % ) of those ages 65 and older .
Older Americans , however , are no more likely to see the internet as a change for the worse than are younger people , rather more seniors simply say it has made no difference or are unsure as to its impact .
As was the case in 1999 , far more of those with a college degree say the internet has been a change for the better ( 82 % ) than do those with no college experience ( 52 % ) .
And the internet – like most other technological developments – is not a politicized innovation : similar majorities of Republicans ( 69 % ) , Democrats ( 68 % ) , and independents ( 63 % ) say the internet has been a positive change .
Email , the form of communication born from the web , is viewed as favorably as the internet itself .
By an overwhelming margin , more say email has been a change for the better ( 65 % ) than say it has been a change for the worse ( 7 % ) ; 19 % say it has n’t made a difference .
Views of email are largely unchanged from a decade ago , though there has been a slight decline in the share describing email as a change for the better .
This decline has taken place largely among young people : 69 % of those younger than 30 say email has been a change for the better , compared with 82 % a decade ago .
Very few young people – just 1 % – say email has been a change for the worse , but a quarter of those who came of age in the current decade – with ever - increasing options for real - time , wireless communication – say email has not made much of a difference .
In 1999 , just 6 % of those under 30 expressed that view .
In addition to the internet and email , cell phones are broadly embraced by the public as a change for the better .
Nearly seven - in - ten ( 69 % ) call cell phones a change for the better compared with just 14 % who call them a change for the worse .
Overall , the public ’s take on cell phones is slightly better than it was ten years ago .
In 1999 , 22 % felt that cell phones were a change for the worse – this has fallen to 14 % in the current survey .
Age Gap in Views of Handheld Devices
Handheld devices such as Blackberries and iPhones are seen as a good thing by most people ( 56 % ) .
However , a quarter ( 25 % ) says these devices have been a change for the worse .
The age gap in attitudes toward these devices is particularly wide : 72 % of those under 30 consider handheld wireless devices to be a positive change , compared with just 33 % of those 65 and older .
The public is ambivalent when it comes to evaluating social networking sites such as Facebook .
About a third ( 35 % ) call them a change for the better , 21 % say they have been a change for the worse , while 31 % say social networking sites have not made much of a difference and 12 % are unsure .
In fact , even among young people , fewer than half ( 45 % ) say social networking sites have been a change for the better .
And when it comes to internet blogs , the plurality opinion ( 36 % ) is that the emergence of blogs has not made much of a difference .
Slightly fewer ( 29 % ) call them a change for the better , while 21 % think they have been a change for the worse .
Greater Diversity Seen as Positive Change
A majority ( 61 % ) of the public says that the increasing racial and ethnic diversity in the United States has been a change for the better ; 25 % say increasing diversity has not made much difference and only 9 % say it has been a change for the worse .
However , opinion that increased diversity has been a change for the better is more widely held among some demographic groups than others .
Older people are less likely to believe that increased diversity has been a change for the better ; about half ( 49 % ) of people ages 65 and older say this has been a change for the better compared with about two - thirds ( 66 % ) of those younger than 50 .
More college graduates ( 72 % ) than those with a high school education or less ( 54 % ) think increased diversity is a change for the better .
Divisions over Acceptance of Gays
There is far less agreement about the increasing acceptance of gays and lesbians .
Overall , 38 % say this has been a change for the better , 28 % a change for the worse and 28 % say it has made no difference .
As with other public opinion questions about homosexuality , there is a substantial divide between how younger and older Americans view this issue .
By greater than two - to - one , those younger than 50 see increased acceptance of gays and lesbians as a change for the better ( 45 % ) , not worse ( 19 % )
By contrast , people ages 65 and older see this as a change for the worse , not the better , by more than two - to - one ( 46 % to 21 % ) .
There is a substantial gender divide on this issue : more women than men think increased acceptance of gays and lesbians has been a change for the better ( 45 % vs. 31 % ) .
And this gender gap spans generations .
Younger women in particular see this as a change for the better ; 53 % of women under 50 say this has been a change for the better , compared with 36 % of men in this age range .
There also are educational differences on the issue of increased acceptance of gays and lesbians : 51 % of college graduates and 44 % of those with some college education say this has been a change for the better compared with only 28 % of those with a high school education or less .
In addition , while 52 % of Democrats and 40 % of independents think increased acceptance of gays and lesbians is a change for the better , just 21 % of Republicans agree .
And just 20 % of white non-Hispanic evangelical Protestants say greater acceptance of gays is a change for the better , a far lower percentage than in other religious groups .
Most See Benefits of Genetic Testing
A majority of Americans ( 53 % ) say that genetic testing has been a change for the better while 22 % say it has not made much difference and 13 % say it has been a change for the worse .
A plurality across all age and educational groups says that genetic testing has been a change for the better , but fewer of those who are 65 and older or who have a high school education or less believe this .
White evangelical Protestants are more divided in their opinion than nearly all other demographic groups .
About four - in - ten ( 39 % ) say genetic testing has been a change for the better , but 25 % say it has made no difference and 23 % say it has been a change for worse .
A plurality of Republicans , Democrats and independents say that genetic testing has been a change for the better , but Republicans are more likely than Democrats to say that it has been a change for the worse ( 18 % vs. 8 % ) .
Generations Divide over Tattoos
The public is divided about the impact of more people getting tattoos ; 45 % say it has not made much difference , 40 % think it has been a change for the worse and only 7 % say this has been a change for the better .
As might be expected , older Americans are far more likely to negatively view this trend : 64 % of those 65 and older and 51 % of those 50 to 64 say more people getting tattoos has been a change for the worse .
A majority of those under 50 ( 56 % ) say the tattoo trend has not made much of a difference .
The age differences are larger among women than men .
About six - in - ten ( 61 % ) women ages 50 and older say more people getting tattoos have been a change for the worse compared with 27 % of younger women .
The gap is smaller among men : 51 % of men 50 and older say more people getting tattoos has been a change for the worse compared with 30 % of younger men .
A majority ( 56 % ) of white evangelical Protestants say that more people getting tattoos has been a change for the worse ; white mainline Protestants and white Catholics are more divided in their opinion .
By comparison , 57 % of those who are religiously unaffiliated say that more people getting tattoos has not made much difference .
Cable Talk a Mixed Bag
The public also is divided about the effect of cable news talk and opinion shows ; 34 % say they have been a change for the better , 31 % think they have made no difference and 30 % say they have been a change for the worse .
More young people think these shows have been a change for the worse than people 65 and older .
Similarly , more college graduates ( 43 % ) say cable news talk and opinion shows have been a change for the worse than those with some college education ( 28 % ) or with a high school education or less ( 23 % ) .
On balance , more Republicans say cable news talk and opinion shows have been a change for the better ( 40 % ) than worse ( 24 % ) .
Democrats and independents are more divided with about the same percentages of each group viewing these shows positively and negatively .
A plurality ( 44 % ) of those who get most national and international news from cable television news say that cable talk and opinion shows have been a change for the better , compared with 31 % who get most of their news from network news .
People whose main news source is cable news are also more likely than those who get most news from newspapers to say these shows have been a change for the better .
The public overwhelmingly thinks that reality television shows have been a change for the worse ; 63 % say this compared with 22 % who say they have not made much difference and only 8 % who say they have been a change for the better .
A plurality in all age groups says these shows have been a change for the worse .
Even though a majority in all education groups says reality television shows have been a change for the worse ; college graduates or those with some college education are more likely than those with a high school education or less to say they have been a change for the worse .
Yes , those days can be fun with this Pokemon themed re-useable pad .
Everybody who once used Java , struggled with Java ’s classpath at some point during their career .
You have to put all the right paths in there , the right . jar files and so on , both when compiling and running your Java project .
To make this somewhat simpler you typically end up doing it either in an IDE , or using a tool like Ant or Maven .
These are pretty heavy weight tools , and the latter too involve writing XML , which hardly anybody does for fun anymore .
Leiningen is a simple build tool for Clojure , based on Maven ( I ’m pretty sure ) .
It offers a simple , Clojuresque way of constructing build files for your Clojure projects ( which run on the JVM ) .
To install Leiningen you only have to download one file and put it in some directory that ’s on your PATH :
cd ~/bin
wget http://github.com/technomancy/leiningen/raw/stable/bin/lein
chmod +x lein
You then do a self - install :
lein self - install
This will dowload a number of jar files , including Clojure itself , so you do not even have to have Clojure installed at this point .
To make a new project , create a directory for it , e.g. helloworld :
mkdir helloworld
mkdir helloworld / src
In the source directory you put your source files , for instance a helloworld / src/helloworld.clj :
( ns helloworld
( : gen-class ) )
( defn - main [ & args ]
( println “ Hello world ! ” ) )
Then , in the helloworld / directory , create a project.clj file :
( defproject helloworld “ 0.1 ”
: dependencies [ [org.clojure / clojure
“ 1.1.0 - master - SNAPSHOT ” ]
[org.clojure/clojure-contrib
“ 1.0 - SNAPSHOT ” ] ]
: main helloworld )
The : main there defines namespace containing your - main function ( analogous to the typical public static void main ( … ) ) , if any .
Then , from the helloworld directory you run Leiningen :
$ lein compile
[ copy ] Copying 2 files to /…/helloworld / lib
Compiling helloworld
And subsequently we can build a . jar for it , or even an uberjar , which will create a big jar file for easy distribution , also containing all of its dependencies ( including Clojure itself ) :
$ lein uberjar
Unpacking clojure - 1.1.0-alpha-20091113.120145–2.jar
Unpacking clojure - contrib-1.0–20091114.050149–13.jar
Compiling helloworld
[ jar ]
Building jar : helloworld .jar
$ java - jar helloworld .
jar
Hello world !
Leiningen has some other tasks as well :
lein deps , installs dependencies in lib /
lein test [ PRED ] , runs the project ’s tests , optionally filtered on PRED
lein compile , ahead - of - time compiles into classes /
lein repl , launches a REPL with the project classpath configured
lein clean , removes all build artifacts
lein jar , creates a jar of the project
lein uberjar , creates a standalone jar that contains all dependencies
lein pom , outputs a pom.xml file for interop with Maven
lein install , installs in local repo ( currently requires mvn )
lein help [ TASK ] , shows a list of tasks or help for a given TASK
Enjoy !
June 28 , 2014
Here I will lay out two ways of looking at free will , which I call the absolute and the practical perspectives .
I believe these two classifications take into account both the existing , well - traveled arguments as well as the treacherous semantic issues that frequently obscure free will discussions .
absolute free will absolute free will is the ability to have willfully chosen otherwise for any previous decision .
This is the type of free will that I argue is required for true moral responsibility .
In short , if someone could not have made a willful choice to do otherwise than they did , then they cannot be held responsible for what they did do .
But there ’s another way of imagining free will that does n’t conflict with this version , but instead compliments it :
practical free will practical free will is the ability for an individual to experience having options , considering the outcomes of those options within the context of their value system , and then experience making a choice from among them based on what they want to happen .
On my view , and the view of most incompatibilists , this type of free will is completely consistent with absolute free will being impossible .
Just because we could n’t have actually done otherwise than what we did — at the chemical and physical level — does n’t make the experience of making choices insignificant to us as humans .
As Daniel Dennett points out , we as humans have the ability to do things like decide to go to work to avoid being fired , or to influence climate for future generations , or to blow up distant astroids to keep them from crashing into Earth 5 years into the future .
These things require complex analysis of variables for the purpose of promoting our own goals –which may even be altruistic if so inclined .
In short , the experience of making choices is central to human existence .
It serves as the foundation of how we view and treat others , and of how we reward and punish those who make certain choices .
Why differentiate ?
Well if we all agree that practical free will is …well … practical , then why am I pursuing this differentiation ?
Quite simply , I believe it ’s beneficial to human civilization to acknowledge that true ( absolute ) free will is impossible , and thus to realize that all failure , loss , and evil was ultimately the result of bad causes .
This does n’t mean we suddenly give people excuses for making poor choices .
We wo n’t accept , “ The atoms made me do it . ” at a 1st degree murder trial .
We will still hold that person responsible for his actions , but it will be done in a consequentialist fashion rather than a retributivist one .
Most of the world today would think it ok to throw rotting fruit at this person before he ’s hanged in the town square .
Or to curse at him , and damn him to an eternity of suffering in hell .
This is considered civilized behavior for one reason : the belief in ( Absolute ) Free Will .
An advanced society would realize that while this murderer had Practical Free will , he did not have Absolute Free Will , meaning the action he took was the only one he could have taken .
The result will not be a lack of punishment , but rather a measured response given knowledge that he could not have done differently , i.e. :
A response that best helps the rest of the world A response that best helps the murderer feel empathy for the victim A response that keeps the rest of the population safe from the murderer while he is dangerous
Possible examples could include incarceration , teaching the attacker about the victim ’s life so that he feels sympathy and remorse , or just generally educating him so that he realizes what he ’s done is wrong .
The key thing to realize is that we do n’t know yet what would be best .
That ’s an empirical question that we need data for .
But the one thing we should n’t be doing is be wishing an eternity of torture on broken , uneducated people who literally had no choice in the matter .
It ’s not civilized .
It ’s barbaric .
All anger at offenders , all hatred of evil , all desire for retribution — they all hinge upon the single and untrue proposition that the perpetrator could have done otherwise .
If that is incorrect , which I believe it is , then it is beholden on us , as humans attempting to be humane , to change how we treat those who make poor decisions .
This affects not just how we treat criminals , but also the rich and the poor , the powerful and the weak , and any other group distinction that we currently feel is choice - based .
It affects the very fabric of our civilization .
Summary
Pink ’s Hart and Huntington sexy photo shoot is all around the net .
The singer posed with her husband for his clothing link in a very hot campaign !
Pink and her husband Carey Hart were on the rocks for a while , and it seemed like they were going to become another Hollywood statistic .
But it looks like the couple s back on track , and their chemistry is hotter than ever .
Pink ’s Hart and Huntington pictures have hit the web , and they are super sexy !
The singer poses in clothing from her husband ’s line , which is a spin off from his tattoo shop and is based on the designs of artists that work at the Hart and Huntington Tattoo Company .
The clothing is super fun , with items like super short shorts , and crop tops – perfect summer wear .
Thought I am not a huge fan of Pink personally , there is no denying that she is super talented and has a killer body .
No wonder she was fit enough to do that amazing trapeze show at this year ’s Video Music Awards .
Girlfriend is in shape !
I am not a fan of all of her tattoos either , but they are fitting for her personality , and are n’t half bad .
Hopefully we will get to see more another Pink Hart and Huntington sexy photo shoot in the near future .
You can check out a fully gallery of the pictures here .
They do their dishes in the shower , sit sideways on the toilet and need to watch their weight just to fit into their bathrooms .
But these cramped New Yorkers would n’t have it any other way .
A week after The Post told the story of Zaarath and Christopher Prokop and their 175 - square - foot micro-studio on Sunday , other New Yorkers lined up to share their tales of living small , including a 55 - square - foot apartment in Hell ’s Kitchen and a 90 - square - foot home on the Upper West Side .
SEE ALL THE PHOTOS
“ To me , it ’s all about location , ” said Eddie Rabon , 24 , who lives in a microscopic Hell ’s Kitchen abode .
“ I ’m in an amazing neighborhood , and the money I save on rent alone lets me really enjoy New York for what it is .
My apartment is a place to hang my hat and catch a few hours of sleep .
That ’s it . ”
55 sq. ft. , Hell ’s Kitchen
When freelance event planner Eddie Rabon talks about his itty - bitty pad — just one square foot larger than a Rikers Island jail cell — the excitement is clear in his voice .
“ It ’s fantastic , ” he said .
“ It ’s a great neighborhood in the greatest city .
It ’s about $ 800 a month .
You wo n’t find that price anywhere else in this area .
I feel like the money I save not having to get on the train to get around because I ’m in the center of everything is worth it . ”
Rabon said the longest wall in his apartment is 121/ 2 feet , and that includes the apartment door .
At its narrowest spot , he can spread his arms and almost touch both opposing walls .
He said he has trouble turning around in his little shower , and said taller friends have been unable to close the bathroom door if they need to sit .
“ The bathroom has an airplane sink turned lengthwise , ” he said .
“ So I ca n’t actually fit in over the sink
90 sq. ft. , UWS
The first night Felice Cohen , 39 , slept in her tiny apartment — with a full - size loft bed only 23 inches from the ceiling — she had a “ panic attack . ”
“ But now I love it .
It ’s cozy , ” she said of the 12 - by - 7 - foot place , which rents for just over $ 700 a month .
Her tiny bathroom is a challenge , though : “ I had to learn to sit sideways on the toilet so I do n’t bang my leg on the tub . ”
105 sq. ft. , Greenwich Village
Genevieve Shuler , 31 , always knew she wanted to live near Washington Square Park , the neighborhood her parents once called home .
“ When I first walked in , I thought , ‘ This is really incredibly tiny , ’ ” she said of the $ 780 - a - month pad .
“ There were no closets , no real kitchen .
But I knew I could do more with it .
Once I knew my loft bed could fit , I took it . ”
When it comes time to do the dishes , because the kitchen sink is so small , “ I do them in the shower . ”
AMS159 ( SJSU )
Nature and World Cultures is an interdisciplinary course through the American Studies program at San José State University in California .
Prof .
Ormsbee 's course focuses on the evolutionary origins of human cultures and a naturalistic explanation of human - environment interactions .
This blog is a site for critical examination and discussion about key course topics and issues .
Students ( and sometimes the professor ) are the blog 's authors , but everyone is welcome to read and comment and participate in the learning experience .
The new faces of day labor U.S. citizens are joining immigrants in store parking lots
Reader poll Indicators show the local economy has worsened over the past year .
How have your finances held up ?
I 'm better off than a year ago .
I 'm worse off than a year ago .
My financial situation is mostly unchanged .
View results
Beyond the Sun National Day Laborer Organizing Network
It sounds like a George Lopez joke .
“ Times are so bad that I saw an Anglo day laborer standing outside Home Depot the other day . ”
Except it ’s true .
In the latest sign of the Las Vegas Valley ’s economic free fall , U.S. citizens are starting to show up in the early mornings outside home improvement stores and plant nurseries across the Las Vegas Valley , jostling with illegal immigrants for a shot at a few hours of work .
Experts say the slow - starting but seemingly inexorable trend is occurring nationwide .
“ It ’s the equivalent of selling apples in the Great Depression , ” said Harley Shaiken , chairman of the Center for Latin American studies at the University of California , Berkeley .
But it is not only a sign of the times , they add .
If the numbers of citizens among the day laborers in cities across the country continue to grow , it ’s likely to increase the ire of followers of TV host Lou Dobbs and others who will see illegal immigrants as stealing food off the tables of the nation ’s native - born or naturalized poor .
Or , it may flip certain canards upside down in the immigration debate , easing tensions in some communities .
In the Las Vegas Valley , where the most recent unemployment rate was 13.9 percent , one face of this phenomenon is Ken Buchanan .
The 50 - year - old describes himself as a “ food and beverage ” guy , most recently working for four years at Renata ’s Sunset Lanes casino and , before that , 30 years in a string of restaurants , hotels and casinos here and in his birthplace , Chicago .
But in 2006 Renata ’s closed for remodeling .
When the casino reopened as Wildfire , the management did not rehire Buchanan , he said .
In the months that followed , Buchanan discovered the difficulty of seeking work in his fifth decade , eventually winding up at Green Valley Car Wash , where he stayed for about two years , he said .
The banks foreclosed on the house he was renting .
In the attempt to grab his things two steps ahead of the constable , he wound up missing work .
He lost his job .
He became homeless .
The Home Depot
A Hispanic man Buchanan met in Renata ’s sports book told him he had picked up work standing outside the Home Depot on Pecos Road at Patrick Lane .
One July day , Buchanan gave it a try .
At first , he got nothing but sunburn .
But then he started to get work .
Now he’s at the Home Depot six days most weeks .
Pablo Alvarado , executive director of the Los Angeles - based National Day Laborer Organizing Network , said he has been seeing the same thing elsewhere .
“ It ’s happening , though still not in massive numbers , ” Alvarado said .
In the past six months or so , he has heard of “ americanos ” on the street corners and parking lots of Silver Spring , Md. , Long Island , N.Y. , and Southern California locations .
“ It ’s just beginning , ” he said .
“ But I think it ’s only going to increase . ”
A recent morning ’s swing through the valley produced reports of the same phenomenon .
At Star Nursery on Cheyenne Road west of Tenaya Way , Nicolas stood shivering under a hooded sweatshirt , hoping a car or pickup would stop .
The Mexican immigrant said he had seen a couple of “ white guys ” showing up recently , though not on the blustery cold days last week .
At Home Depot on Decatur Boulevard north of Tropicana Avenue , Jose said the same thing , adding that “ it ’s never more than three or four , but they ’re coming out . ”
Farther south , in front of Moon Valley Nursery on Eastern Avenue , Israel said a couple of “ americanos ” — white and black , he added — have come out for work in recent months .
“ But they tend to stay only a few days . ”
As a salesman at Moon Valley , Mike Fugitt ’s job includes making sure the laborers do n’t come into the nursery ’s parking lot , because their presence draws complaints from some customers .
In the past three months or so , he said , more of those laborers have been telling him , “ But I ’m an American . ”
That includes some Hispanics , he added .
“ But I treat them all the same ; they ca n’t be trespassing , ” he said .
Workers at all the sites said the presence of the americanos has n’t made work scarcer or produced any conflict .
Some suggested that people hiring day laborers prefer Hispanics anyway , because of their reputation as hard workers .
Shaiken said shaking up the mix at day labor sites may eventually produce conflict in the greater society .
“ It essentially shreds the argument that Americans do n’t want certain jobs , ” he said .
In the current economy , he added , “ we ’re almost sure to see die - hard opponents of illegal immigrants seize on the fact that we have legal workers in day labor markets , ” heating an already - inflamed debate .
In the longer term , it may also lead to a more rigorous analysis of future labor markets , including revised estimates of how many immigrants would be needed under a guest worker program , as proposed in recent congressional bills .
At the same time , Shaiken said , the issue wo n’t become central to the debate before Congress over what is known as comprehensive reform , including a pathway for legalizing millions of workers .
“ The point is , do we really want a labor market with day labor work as a career path ?
It ’s more a commentary on the economy right now , ” he said .
Although Alvarado allowed that the change in day labor sites was an undeniable sign of the withering economy , he also sees a “ beautiful irony ” in U.S. citizens seeking work as day laborers .
That ’s because his organization has defended the free - speech rights of day laborers in at least 10 court cases over more than a decade .
Up to now , courts have ruled in favor of the laborers .
“ We always knew ( these cases ) would be useful not only for immigrants , but also for U.S. citizens , ” Alvarado said .
“ We knew there would be a time when the economy would reach this point , and they also would be looking for work this way . ”
Buchanan likes to wear a Cubs or White Sox cap as a sign of his Chicago heritage when he stands with one or two Hispanic laborers about 20 yards south of a larger crowd .
He said he has gone through an education of sorts in the past four months .
He has always worked around Hispanics in restaurants , hotels and casinos , but now he understands the issue of immigration from up close .
His sojourn got off to a rocky start .
On one of his first days on the street outside Home Depot , another laborer told him he should move along because too many people were at the spot .
“ I told him , ‘ I ’m an American citizen and you ’re trying to push me off American soil ? ’ ” The man walked away , and Buchanan says he has n’t had another problem with his competitors since .
Instead , Buchanan has found himself defending the rights of his fellow laborers on more than one occasion .
One day , a man tried to hire a bunch of them for $ 5 an hour .
Again , Buchanan pulled out the “ citizen card . ”
But this time , he was telling the other person that he , a U.S. citizen , knew about minimum wage laws , and was going to make sure those laws were followed .
“ I said , ‘ You want me to write down your license plate number ? ’ ” Buchanan recalled .
The guy drove away .
Now , he said , “ I get along with everybody here . ”
He stands in a smaller group because he thinks that helps to get work .
He reads the daily tea leaves of the trade , like the end of the month being a good time for moving jobs , because many people are moving in or out .
His best week so far : $ 140 .
His longest stint without work : the first two weeks , “ until I learned to be more aggressive . ”
Antonio Bernabe , day labor organizer for the Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights of Los Angeles , said the appearance of more and more U.S. citizens seeking day labor work on corners and in parking lots poses new challenges for organizations such as his .
In recent months , he said , he has found himself explaining to a whole new group the legal rights of workers , as well as approaching local authorities to discuss the entry of new people into what he called “ the world of day labor . ”
That group includes blacks and Asians , he said .
Another difference is that now he ’s giving those explanations to laborers in English .
Bernabe said organizers came across one case where a local sheriff had been sending officers to answer complaints about day laborers and then found one day that the sheriff ’s neighbor , a citizen , was among them .
Police in that area have been less likely to harass laborers since then , he said .
These events will occur more , changing people ’s attitudes in the process , he said .
“ For a long time , people have looked at day laborers and said , ‘ The problem is the immigrants . ’
Now the economy is changing .
Now people may see it ’s a problem of the labor market , of the rights of workers , ” Bernabe said .
Buchanan , meanwhile , looks forward to a future that includes a steady job and an apartment .
“ I ’m trying to dig my way out of this , ” he said .
When he does , however , he sees himself as a changed man .
“ Before , I was part of the majority .
Now I ’m part of the minority ... I ’m not going to forget this .
I ’m not going to forget any of this . ”
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
Five British soldiers gunned down by an Afghan policeman they were training died while preparing for tea .
The rogue cop switched his AK47 to automatic and poured bullets into the men as they sat down to eat in a fortified compound in lawless Helmand province after a patrol .
The dead are Sgt Matthew Telford , Warrant Officer Darren Chant and Guardsman James Major of the Grenadiers and Acting Cpl Steve Boote and Cpl Nicholas Webster - Smith of the Royal Military Police .
They had been mentoring local police , sharing their food , billets and the dangers of daily patrols .
The assassin , named as Gulbuddin , fled .
Last night Gordon Brown called the massacre “ a terrible loss ” but vowed to carry on the fight .
But , amid fears the Taliban have infiltrated large parts of Afghanistan ’s police and army , many Labour MPs said it was time to consider pulling out our 9,000 troops .
Kim Howells , head of the Commons Intelligence and Security Committee , said : “ It would be better to bring home the great majority of our fighting men and women . ”
The former Foreign Office minister added that the billions being spent in Afghanistan could then be used “ to secure our own borders ” .
Senior Labour backbencher David Winnick challenged Gordon Brown directly : “ Is n’t the country entitled to know how long British military personnel will be in Afghanistan and can this war be won ? ”
Tuesday ’s attack , which wounded six more UK soldiers and two Afghans , takes British dead in the conflict to 229 since 2001 .
And with 92 dead so far , it makes 2009 the bloodiest year for the armed forces since the 1982 Falklands War .
A UK military spokesman said : “ It ’s our understanding that one individual Afghan National Policeman , possibly in conjunction with another , went rogue .
His motives and whereabouts are unknown at this time . ”
Sgt Telford , 37 , from Grimsby , Lincs , joined up at 16 .
He leaves a wife Kerry and two sons aged four and nine .
His uncle William Ferrand said : “ It was his job and he loved it .
He was a wonderful lad .
His sons will be devastated .
“ Whatever Kerry wants , the family will make sure we do as much as we can to help her .
“ We ’re a military family but Matthew was the first one to join at the age of 16 .
“ Nobody wants their family to go out there but it was what he wanted to do . ”
La geofísica María Salguero Bolaños , con sus propios recursos y esfuerzos , ha logrado levantar el mejor instrumento para registrar los feminicidios en México , que es el Mapa Nacional de Feminicidios .
Lo lleva desde el 2016 cuando contabilizó 2,400 casos y en el 2017 obtuvo la misma cantidad ; en el 2018 fueron 2,500 y en el 2019 subieron hasta los 3,825 .
En el 2016 se asesinaban entre 5 y 6 mujeres al día y en el 2019 fueron entre 10 y 11 .
En el 2016 , la mayoría de ellas tenía entre 30 y 36 años , y en el 2019 entre 18 y 25 años .
Las cifras de Salguero contrastan con las del Secretariado Ejecutivo del Sistema Nacional de Seguridad Pública ( SESNSP ) que para el 2016 registró 602 casos ; en el 2017 , 741 ; en el 2018 , 891 ; y en el 2019 , 976 .
El Mapa Nacional de Feminicidios señala a Colima , Chihuahua , Baja California , Jalisco , Guanajuato y al Estado de México como las entidades que registran el mayor número de casos .
Para Salguero , la impunidad absoluta de este tipo de crímenes es lo que explica su aumento y a eso se añade que en la disputa entre las bandas del crimen organizado “ las mujeres son vistas como objeto de posesión del rival y para dañarlo asesinan a sus mujeres ” .
Un estudio del Programa Ciudades y Espacios Públicos Seguros que realiza ONU - Mujeres en cinco ciudades del país : CDMX , Guadalajara , Monterrey , Torreón y Puebla , señala que 70 % de las mujeres se sienten inseguras en sus localidades .
A lo largo de su vida , 34.3 % ha sufrido algún incidente sexual , 30 % en el transporte o el espacio público , 73.6 % se siente insegura en el trasporte público , 71.0 % en la calle y 60.8 % en los parques y centros recreativos .
La gran mayoría de las mujeres víctimas de violencia — 93.4 % — , no la denuncia en razón de : 49.5 % porque considera es algo sin importancia ; 15.2 % no sabe a dónde ir para poner la denuncia ; 8.9 % por vergüenza ; 7.3 % por miedo a las consecuencias y amenazas ; y 4.7 % por miedo a que no se les crea o se diga que ellas son las responsables .
El estudio de ONU - Mujeres señala que los espacios donde se dan los mayores casos de violencia sexual son el barrio , la calle , el transporte , el entorno laboral , el entorno escolar , los baños públicos y los mercados .
Ocurren también en el ámbito familiar .
En la sociedad mexicana la violencia contra las mujeres está “ normalizada ” , refiere el estudio , y no hay conciencia por parte de la ciudadanía y de las autoridades , en todos sus niveles , de la gravedad del problema .
Las mujeres en ese entorno , que es semejante en todo el país , ven limitada su libertad que se traduce , entre otras cosas , en no poder movilizarse a donde quieran y a las horas que elijan y tampoco poder expresarse como gusten en el vestir y en lo que dicen .
I 've started to wonder if Novell or IBM has explained to SCO 's Chapter 11 Trustee Edward Cahn how the GPL works .
It cuts through all the other ways SCO is bound to lose , in my view .
Then , I thought : why not just explain it myself ?
You never know .
It might prove useful to put it all in one place .
So , here goes , SCO and the GPL .
As you may recall , if you 've been around since 2003 , SCO 's position on the GPL has been that while it may have distributed its code under the GPL , it did n't mean to do it , that it never knowingly distributed Unix or Unixware code under the GPL .
I 'd like to briefly explain why that excuse does n't matter to either Novell or IBM .
IBM of course has always taken the position that it has n't infringed any copyrights , no matter who owns them .
But let 's take SCO 's words at face value , and pretend that they are true .
Then how does the GPL moot their claims ?
So you can try to prove me wrong , if you are so inclined , before I begin , I 'll point you to Groklaw 's permanent page on the GPL , where you can find resources to a great deal more information on all versions of the GPL .
I 'll be focusing here on GPL v2 , the license that Linux code is distributed under .
What SCO Said : Here 's how then - SCO executive Chris Sontag explained SCO 's position to CNET in June of 2003 : And LinuxTag said in a statement , " Until a few weeks ago , SCO itself distributed the Linux kernel ... as a member of the UnitedLinux alliance .
Thus , even if SCO owns parts of the Linux kernel , it has made them into Free Software by distributing them under the GPL . "
Not so , counters SCO 's Sontag .
" The GPL requires the intentional act of the legal copyright holder to affirmatively and knowingly donate the source code to the GPL , " Sontag said .
" You ca n't inadvertently GPL your code . "
Leave donation out of it .
Think distribution .
There is no " I did n't mean to do it " with distribution under the GPL , or at least no way to go back to Go as if it never happened .
Let me show you what I mean in a minute , but first , here 's an answer SCO gave in a Supplemental Response to an IBM interrogatory , back in 2003 : Insofar as this interrogatory seeks information as to whether plaintiff has ever distributed the code in question or otherwise made it available to the public , SCO has never authorized , approved or knowingly released any part of the subject code that contains or may contain its confidential and proprietary information and / or trade secrets for inclusion in any Linux kernel or as part of any Linux distribution .
The link will provide you with evidence Groklaw collected on each item of the big four SCO listed as allegedly infringing in the IBM case , evidence that it was indeed knowingly released .
As for the ABI files , here 's why that wo n't work for SCO .
And as for missing copyright notices on header files , here is why I do n't think that will work .
SCO also claimed that the GPL was unConstitutional , to peals of laughter , but they dropped that later , sort of dropped it .
Even if that were so , it 's the license SCO , as Caldera and then later as SCO in the UnitedLinux distribution , chose .
SCO , as Caldera , also donated code under the GPL to the Free Software Foundation , we learned in 2003 , when Bradley Kuhn , then at FSF , was interviewed by the Sydney Morning Herald and said this : " SCO was not merely a distributor of the kernel named Linux ; they were the distributor off the entire GNU / Linux system , which includes Linux as well as the core components of the GNU operating system , such as glibc , GCC , GDB , etc .
" Most of the core GNU components are all copyrighted by the Free Software Foundation and distributed under our auspices under GPL .
SCO 's right to redistribute them , and Linux too , is the GNU GPL and only the GNU GPL . "
The GPL is the General Public License under which the Linux kernel and large numbers of software programs are released ; it allows people to see and modify the source code , and requires that they give similar rights to others if they distribute the software .
Kuhn said : " SCO now claims that their ' trade secrets ' were added by IBM to not just Linux - but to many parts of the GNU / Linux operating system .
While SCO 's documents say only ' Linux ' in most places , they are propagating the same confusion that we have often brought to people 's attention : Linux is one part of the whole system .
Kuhn said SCO would not have been permitted to distribute the GNU / Linux system under GPL and related licences if they knew that there were other legal claims ( such as trade secrets ) that were not licensed to the world under GPL - compatible terms .
" Section 7 of the GNU GPL talks about this matter .
Thus , we wonder why SCO ever distributed GNU / Linux if they believed that it contained SCO - proprietary trade secrets . "
He said : " Ever since the day that SCO made their claims public through their court filing against IBM , we have been asking SCO to tell us precisely what FSF copyrighted code they believe contains their trade secrets ( or for that matter , infringes on their copyrights or patents ) .
SCO has refused to answer us or give us any details .
As far as we know , there are no such claims .
" Indeed , FSF holds documents from SCO regarding some of this code .
SCO has disclaimed copyright on changes that were submitted and assigned by their employees to key GNU operating system components .
Why would SCO itself allow their employees to assign copyright to FSF , and perhaps release SCO 's supposed ' valuable proprietary trade secrets ' in this way ?
Good question .
And here 's another : exactly when did the GPL become unConstitutional in SCO 's eyes ?
Later , faced with the knowledge of how the GPL works , SCO claimed compliance .
In its memorandum in support [ PDF ] of a still pending motion for summary judgment , SCO wrote : I. SCO DID NOT BREACH THE GPL IBMs Sixth and Seventh Counterclaims fail as a matter of law because SCO did not breach the GPL .
First , where SCO has copied and re-distributed Linux , it has done so in compliance with the requirements of the GPL .
Second , nothing in the GPL  which by its very terms is limited to copying , distribution and modification of Linux  precludes SCO from issuing licenses to its UNIX software .
Well , as I 'll show you later , it could do that , but not with Linux , not the way it did it , not with the code integrated into Linux .
IBM answers SCO 's assertions very clearly .
The license has to be respected , and SCO did n't do so , no matter what it says .
Finally , SCO claimed that the GPL represents an antitrust violation , but that issue was shot down in flames in the Daniel Wallace attempt to prove the same thing .
SCO never did pay attention to all my attempts to help it understand the GPL , and it 's too bad , really , because they are truly in a GPL pickle now .
So , how does the GPL work ?
How the GPL Actually Works :
In May of 2003 , when Groklaw first got started , I pointed readers to an interview with Eben Moglen in InternetNews .
Moglen is the lawyer who has enforced the GPL for many years , and he explained how the GPL works :
But even if SCO can prove that its intellectual property was added to the Linux kernel , its case is moot , according to Columbia Law School Professor Eben Moglen , pro bono publico general counsel for the Free Software Foundation .
The Free Software Foundation maintains the GNU General Public License , under which Linux is distributed .
" There is absolute difficulty with this line of argument which ought to make everybody in the world aware that the letters that SCO has put out can be safely put in the wastebasket , " Moglen told internetnews.com , noting that SCO distributed its own version of Linux with a kernel that allegedly contains Unix - derived code .
" From the moment that SCO distributed that code under the GNU General Public License , they would have given everybody in the world the right to copy , modify and distribute that code freely , " he said .
" From the moment SCO distributed the Linux kernel under GPL , they licensed the use .
Always .
That 's what our license says . "
Note the word ' always ' .
He means that once it is GPL'd , it 's GPL 'd forever .
Here 's a snip from the GPL Frequently Asked Questions , so you can understand what he is referring to : GPL v2 says that modified versions , if released , must be licensed to all third parties .
Who are these third parties ?
Section 2 says that modified versions you distribute must be licensed to all third parties under the GPL .
 All third parties  means absolutely everyone  but this does not require you to * do * anything physically for them .
It only means they have a license from you , under the GPL , for your version .
' Absolutely everyone ' means what it says .
That means once SCO made its own distribution of Linux and distributed it , everyone -- including IBM and Novell and you and me -- was entitled to accept the code under the license that SCO said they distributed under , the GPL .
The license was included with the software .
And SCO can't take that back .
That code can't be taken back from those that received it , and the license can't be changed later either , because that 's one of the terms of the GPL license :
Can the developer of a program who distributed it under the GPL later license it to another party for exclusive use ?
No , because the public already has the right to use the program under the GPL , and this right cannot be withdrawn .
' This right can not be withdrawn . "
Get it ?
That right can not be withdrawn .
As for SCO 's claims that because it was not intended , that they never agreed to put their allegedly copyrighted code under the GPL , note this FAQ question and answer :
Am I required to claim a copyright on my modifications to a GPL - covered program ?
You are not required to claim a copyright on your changes .
In most countries , however , that happens automatically by default , so you need to place your changes explicitly in the public domain if you do not want them to be copyrighted .
Whether you claim a copyright on your changes or not , either way you must release the modified version , as a whole , under the GPL .
( if you release your modified version at all )
That last phrase has a link to this further detail :
Does the GPL require that source code of modified versions be posted to the public ?
The GPL does not require you to release your modified version , or any part of it .
You are free to make modifications and use them privately , without ever releasing them .
This applies to organizations ( including companies ) , too ; an organization can make a modified version and use it internally without ever releasing it outside the organization .
But if you release the modified version to the public in some way , the GPL requires you to make the modified source code available to the program 's users , under the GPL .
Thus , the GPL gives permission to release the modified program in certain ways , and not in other ways ; but the decision of whether to release it is up to you .
As you see , SCO was not compelled to release a Linux distribution .
It did it because back then it was called Caldera and it was a Linux company , and it was making its money from Linux distribution .
But the point I 'm stressing is this : once it's out there , it 's out there .
You can't add another license on top either , as SCO tried to do with SCOsource , and that was n't the only violation of the GPL involved with SCOsource .
Here 's another :
Does the GPL allow me to require that anyone who receives the software must pay me a fee and / or notify me ?
No .
In fact , a requirement like that would make the program non-free .
If people have to pay when they get a copy of a program , or if they have to notify anyone in particular , then the program is not free .
See the definition of free software .
The GPL is a free software license , and therefore it permits people to use and even redistribute the software without being required to pay anyone a fee for doing so .
SCO demanded payment or it would sue you , IIRC , but in any case it certainly offered the SCOsource license for a fee , and for code it had already distributed as GPL 'd code .
Now , that does n't mean that you can't charge money for the code if it is GPL'd , only that you must also make it available for free .
That still is n't the only violation of the GPL by SCO with SCOsource .
Here 's another :
Does the GPL allow me to distribute copies under a nondisclosure agreement ?
No .
The GPL says that anyone who receives a copy from you has the right to redistribute copies , modified or not .
You are not allowed to distribute the work on any more restrictive basis .
If someone asks you to sign an NDA for receiving GPL - covered software copyrighted by the FSF , please inform us immediately by writing to license-violation@fsf.org .
If the violation involves GPL - covered code that has some other copyright holder , please inform that copyright holder , just as you would for any other kind of violation of the GPL .
Does the GPL allow me to distribute a modified or beta version under a nondisclosure agreement ?
No .
The GPL says that your modified versions must carry all the freedoms stated in the GPL .
Thus , anyone who receives a copy of your version from you has the right to redistribute copies ( modified or not ) of that version .
You may not distribute any version of the work on a more restrictive basis .
So , when SCO said that you could only run its code allegedly in Linux as binary , was that a GPL violation ?
Of course : Can I release a modified version of a GPL - covered program in binary form only ?
No .
The whole point of the GPL is that all modified versions must be free software which means , in particular , that the source code of the modified version is available to the users .
Once code is out there as GPL'd code , it 's out there , and you can't later swing back by and change the terms of the earlier deal .
If I buy a dress in a store , and the store later realizes that it sold those dresses for $ 100 too little by mistake , can it come to my house and demand I pay them $ 100 more or they will sue me ?
Extrapolate .
Now , SCO could offer the code going * forward * under two separate licenses , using the GPL on one distribution and one under SCOsource , if it can ever prove it owns the copyrights , which I doubt , or it could stop further GPL distribution and distribute under a proprietary license its own code , but there is no way to go back in time and change its mind with the GPL about code it already released that way : I heard that someone got a copy of a GPL 'ed program under another license .
Is this possible ?
The GNU GPL does not give users permission to attach other licenses to the program .
But the copyright holder for a program can release it under several different licenses in parallel .
One of them may be the GNU GPL .
The license that comes in your copy , assuming it was put in by the copyright holder and that you got the copy legitimately , is the license that applies to your copy .
So if SCO wanted to do SCOsource again , it would have to do it that way , not go after prior users who legitimately got a license , the GPL , for the code they are using .
They do n't need another license , because they already have one , but if they wanted to buy the same code for money and under more restrictive terms , they are free to do that but only for code SCO actually can prove it owns .
It could n't do a binary - only distribution of Linux with some SCO code in that distribution under proprietary terms : I downloaded just the binary from the net .
If I distribute copies , do I have to get the source and distribute that too ?
Yes .
The general rule is , if you distribute binaries , you must distribute the complete corresponding source code too .
The exception for the case where you received a written offer for source code is quite limited .
So binary - only is n't possible with GPL 'd code .
So I guess if SCO wanted to distribute its code , should it ever prove to be its code , under a SCOsource license separately from Linux , it could do so , but not with a Linux distribution .
You see how many ways SCOsource violated the GPL ?
And consider that when someone violates the GPL , it 's then a copyright violation to distribute at all .
By the way , here 's the original SCOsource license , so you can compare it to the wording in GPLv2 .
Why SCO's Chance to Take it All Back Came and Went in 2003 : But , but , but , SCO said it did n't mean to do that .
And notice the language , " assuming that it was put in by the copyright holder " ?
Does n't that mean SCO is right about that ?
There is such a thing as inadvertent distribution , is n't there ?
If you distribute by mistake , are you just stuck ?
Moglen again : Moglen noted that SCO cannot readily make the claim that it inadvertently released the code , because the GPL requires that when code is released under its auspices , the developers must release the binary , the source code and the license , and the source code must be able to build the binary .
Presumably , then , the binary functions the way the creators want it to function and has the capabilities they want it to have .
" This is n't an inadvertent distribution case , " he said .
However , he noted that the Free Software Foundation works with companies to ensure that they do not release anything under the GPL that they do not intend to release .
In fact , he said , when SCO first filed its suit against IBM , he approached SCO 's lawyers because it is the Free Software Foundation and not IBM which holds the copyright to the Linux distribution IBM created , Linux for S/360 .
IBM created the Linux distribution but released it under the GPL and signed the copyright over to the Free Software Foundation .
Moglen said that when he approached SCO 's lawyers he asked them to show him any problems with the particular Linux distribution and if there were any he would stop its distribution .
" They have never responded to that invitation , " he said .
He added , " We help people to solve problems with free software .
If they would show us something , we would be happy to help them with it . "
See the problem ?
They could have taken the code out back in 2003 , when this joke of a litigation began .
They did n't .
That means they blew it .
Of course , even if they had taken advantage of the offer Moglen made , prior releases under the GPL could n't be taken back , just going forward .
Others , including Linus , also offered to remove any code that was improperly in Linux , but SCO refused to tell with specificity where to find any .
Remember the excuse ?
That then Linux programmers would remove the code and SCO did n't want that to happen before the trial .
Stoopid .
By the way , Microsoft recently distributed GPL'd code inadvertently , it says .
What happened ?
How did it fix the problem ?
It can help us to understand what SCO 's options were .
First , it pulled the application , while it reviewed whether there was a GPL violation involved or not .
Then it acknowledged what happened , and it released the app under the GPL :
As you 've likely read and as was originally reported here , we 've been investigating a report that the Windows 7 USB / DVD Download Tool , might contain GPL v2 code .
The WUDT is a free tool that was offered by the Microsoft Store and which enabled customers to create bootable USB drives or DVD backup media from the electronic software ( ESD ) edition of Windows 7 that comes in an ISO format .
After looking at the code in question , we are now able to confirm this was indeed the case , although it was not intentional on our part .
While we had contracted with a third party to create the tool , we share responsibility as we did not catch it as part of our code review process .
We have furthermore conducted a review of other code provided through the Microsoft Store and this was the only incident of this sort we could find .
When it comes to our attention that a Microsoft component contains third party code , our aim is to be respectful of the terms under which that code is being shared .
As a result , we will be making the source code as well as binaries for this tool available next week under the terms of the General Public License v2 as described here , and are also taking measures to apply what we have learned from this experience for future code reviews we perform .
We apologize to our customers for any inconvenience this has caused .
Microsoft had the option to pull the app forever , or until it could write its own code , after all , but looking at the options , it decided to just do the right thing .
I imagine if it happened with Office , money - making software , the analysis would have been different , but this was a free download , so why not release it as GPLv2 ?
It had those two options .
It chose not to pretend , like SCO , that it could just take it all back and act like it never happened or that the GPL was n't applicable or was unconstitutional or some laughable defense .
The company was responsible enough to acknowledge that it made the distribution , and that as a software vendor , it has a duty to vet its code before distributing .
It failed .
So it took its lumps honorably .
But I can't resist pointing out that while critics of Linux 's development model , including SCO and Microsoft , have claimed that the Open Source model does n't adequately protect against copyright infringement , it is actually Microsoft itself that had that problem in this instance while no one to date has proven any such problem in Linux .
Of course , the GPL compels compliance one way or another .
Lots of folks would steal other people 's code if they thought they could , even folks who go on and on about piracy .
But here , Microsoft behaved respectfully , and I believe they are very , very careful to avoid problems like this with the GPL .
So I believe this really was inadvertent , unlike SCO , where I believe they just changed their mind under new management .
Here are some reasons I believe SCO knew .
And some more , the Ralf Flaxa declaration in the IBM case .
Here are some more and more , having to do with its UnitedLinux distribution and JFS .
That same InternetNews interview with Moglen includes the information that SCO announced that same week that it was stopping distribution of Linux .
But did they ?
If they really had , that would have helped them , but they did n't .
In fact , they released UnitedLinux after that , and they kept Linux on their servers for public download for many months .
I personally wrote about it at the time , and I have all that evidence all these years later .
Here 's proof of distribution in August of 2003 .
More distributions , by year : 2006 , OpenLinux
2006 , Linux , the kernel , the whole enchilada , indicating knowing distribution as of 2004 onward
2006 , ELF header files SCO is suing IBM about
2006 , gnutools package in OpenServer
2006 , Skunkware , including ELF , Streams , etc. , allegedly infringed in the IBM case
April 15 , 2003 , UnitedLinux - SCO released SCO Linux Server 4.0 , which is what it called its UnitedLinux offering , for the Itanium processor family a month after it sued IBM , and it distributed it under the GPL after claiming it did n't mean to , advertising that it included " Powerful new enterprise features based on the Linux 2.4.19 kernel " , the very kernel it is suing IBM over and the features it is claiming were infringed .
There are actually other instances that I wrote about as we found them over the years , but surely these are sufficient to demonstrate my point , namely that SCO is toast .
And it does n't even go into the fact that Sun was distributing the Linux 2.4 kernel in 2004 , claiming Sun 's Linux was " clean " , and we later learned that it was " blessed " so to speak to be able to do so by the terms of the license SCO gave them in 2003 .
Why , then , is SCO toast ?
It is because the GPL fixed their wagon and fixed it good from day one , and then they were foolish enough to dig the hole deeper still .
The GPL was born for players like SCO .
And it will finish them .
I just wish the lawyers would point it out to the Chapter 11 Trustee so he can sit down with a calculator and figure out all the damages SCO will owe for each distribution it made in violation of the GPL , should SCO now try to say it did n't distribute under the GPL .
But of course , it already told the court in the IBM case that it never violated the GPL .
Oops .
If it never violated the GPL , then all those Caldera Linux and UnitedLinux distributions are under the GPL .
That means no one violated SCO 's copyrights , even if it had any .
Alternatively , SCO owes a fortune to the copyright owners , like IBM , for distributing IBM code in Linux without a license .
And yes , IBM has a counterclaim for copyright infringement of its GPL 'd code in Linux .
Here 's a transcript of a speech Eben Moglen gave at Harvard in 2004 , where he explained the problem facing SCO for not thinking things through about the GPL thoroughly enough :
The grave difficulty that SCO has with free software is n't their attack ; it 's the inadequacy of their defense .
In order to defend yourself in a case in which you are infringing the freedom of free software , you have to be prepared to meet a call that I make reasonably often with my colleagues at the Foundation who are here tonight .
That telephone call goes like this .
" Mr. Potential Defendant , you are distributing my client 's copyrighted work without permission .
Please stop .
And if you want to continue to distribute it , we 'll help you to get back your distribution rights , which have terminated by your infringement , but you are going to have to do it the right way . "
At the moment that I make that call , the potential defendant 's lawyer now has a choice .
He can cooperate with us , or he can fight with us .
And if he goes to court and fights with us , he will have a second choice before him .
We will say to the judge , " Judge , Mr. Defendant has used our copyrighted work , copied it , modified it and distributed it without permission .
Please make him stop . "
One thing that the defendant can say is , " You 're right .
I have no license . "
Defendants do not want to say that , because if they say that they lose .
So defendants , when they envision to themselves what they will say in court , realize that what they will say is , " But Judge , I do have a license .
It 's this here document , the GNU GPL .
General Public License , " at which point , because I know the license reasonably well , and I 'm aware in what respect he is breaking it , I will say , " Well , Judge , he had that license but he violated its terms and under Section 4 of it , when he violated its terms , it stopped working for him . "
But notice that in order to survive moment one in a lawsuit over free software , it is the defendant who must wave the GPL .
It is his permission , his master key to a lawsuit that lasts longer than a nanosecond .
This , quite simply , is the reason that lies behind the statement you have heard -- Mr. McBride made it here some weeks ago -- that there has never been a court test of the GPL .
To those who like to say there has never been a court test of the GPL , I have one simple thing to say : Do n't blame me .
I was perfectly happy to roll any time .
It was the defendants who did n't want to do it .
And when for ten solid years , people have turned down an opportunity to make a legal argument , guess what ?
It is n't any good ....
They have distributed the operating system kernel program called Linux .
That is , SCO has .
They continue to do so to their existing customers because they have a contractual responsibility to provide maintenance .
When they distribute that program called Linux , they are distributing the work of thousands of people , and they are doing so without a license , because they burned their license down when they tried to add terms to it , by charging additional license fees in violation of Sections 2 and 6 of the GPL .
Under Section 4 of the GPL , when they violated it , they lost their right to distribute , and IBM has said as a counterclaim in its lawsuit , " Judge , they 're distributing our copyrighted work , and they do n't have any permission .
Make them stop . "
Since then , the GPL has been effectively used in litigation by the Free Software Law Center , and it has n't failed to work , has it ?
And since SCO has claimed compliance with the GPL , it is stuck with that assertion , which means the code was released under the GPL , whether SCO likes it or not .
In 2004 , IBM filed a Redacted Memorandum in Support of IBM 's Motion for Partial Summary Judgment on its Counterclaim for Copyright Infringement ( 8th Counterclaim ) [ PDF ] , which is still pending , meaning hanging over SCO 's head , and which nicely explains SCO 's problem .
Here 's a bit of what I wrote at that time :
See , if only SCO had paid attention to my summer school " course " in the GPL last summer , they could have spared themselves this moment .
I even sent them an email last July raising questions about the license violating the GPL , an email that I was told would receive a reply , although I never did actually get one .
But they now instead face the music , based on the list of exhibits IBM offers in paragraph 66 of all the times they said the license was for running Linux .
Just stupid .
There is no other word .
On the other hand , one of my favorite aspects of the GPL is so many business types fail to take it seriously enough to really study it , and they get caught with their pants down every time .
That is the real reason there has never before been a serious court challenge involving the GPL .
When Eben Moglen is in negotiations with offenders , and they wake up to what the GPL really means for them , they quickly pull up their pants and get in compliance .
SCO at the moment is precisely in that position , caught with their pants down and for them it's now too late to pull up their pants and get in compliance .
No matter what they do now , they are in GPL trouble .
The beauty of the GPL is there is no escape .
Once you violate the terms , your rights terminate , as IBM 's memorandum points out :
As detailed above ( ¶ 66 ) , SCO is attempting to collect , and has collected , licensing fees from Linux users , in violation of any permission or license it may have had under the GPL and LGPL .
Because SCO has attempted to license Linux in violation of the GPL and LGPL , any permission or license it may have had under the GPL and LGPL ( to copy the IBM Copyrighted Works ) terminated .
The GPL and LGPL expressly provide that any attempt othewise than in accord with the GPL's or LGPL 's restrictions to sublicense works subject to the GPL or LGPL 'is void , and will automatically terminate your rights under this License ' . ( ¶ 63 .) 10 SCO 's efforts ( under whatever guise ) to collect licensing fees for GPL - or LGPL - licensed activities run afoul of the GPL and LGPL .
By its breaches of the GPL and LGPL , SCO has forfeited any protection against claims of copyright infringement that it may have enjoyed by virtue of the GPL or LGPL .
SCO cannot violate the covenants that led to and underlie Linux without forfeiting the beneflts those covenants confer .
Because SCO has continued to distribute and copy Linux products containing verbatim copies of IBM's Copyrighted Works after it disclaimed , renounced and breached the GPL and LGPL , SCO has infringed IBM 's copyrights in those works , 17 U.S.C. § 501 ( a ) , and the GPL and LGPL afford SCO no protection against IBM 's claim of infringement .
And terminate means terminate , so SCO can't now hide under the GPL .
The only way a GPL - violator can get back a GPL license after a termination is by express permission of the copyright holder , in this case , IBM .
Hmm .
Snowballs come to mind .
Notice that SCO took in money from GPL violation .
So it can't hide under the GPL now or attempt to evade it .
Here 's how Eben put it in the article about SCO in 2004 , " SCO : Without Fear and Without Research " :
But if the GPL is not a valid and effective copyright permission , by what right is SCO distributing the copyrighted works of Linux 's contributors , and the authors of all the other copyrighted software it currently purports to distribute under GPL ?
IBM 's counterclaim against SCO raises that question with respect to IBM 's contributions to the Linux kernel .
Under GPL section 6 , no redistributor of GPL'd code can add any terms to the license ; SCO has demanded that parties using the Linux kernel buy an additional license from it , and conform to additional terms .
Under GPL section 4 , anyone who violates GPL automatically loses the right to distribute the work as to which it is violating .
IBM therefore rightly claims that SCO has no permission to distribute the kernel , and is infringing not only its copyrights , but those of all kernel contributors .
Unless SCO can show that the GPL is a valid form of permission , and that it has never violated that permission 's terms , it loses the counterclaim , and should be answerable in damages not only to IBM but to all kernel contributors .
IBM 's counterclaim painted SCO into a corner on the subject of the GPL .
Not only the facts but also the law are now fundamentally against SCO 's increasingly desperate position .
SCO and its predecessor , Caldera , have benefited enormously from the protections of the GPL .
Thanks to the GPL , SCO has been able , for example , to use the invaluable work of compiler designers and implementers around the world who have made GCC the premier cross- platform C compiler .
Customer applications run on SCO 's Sys V Unix because of GCC , to which SCO contributed modifications particular to its system , and for which it assigned copyright to the Free Software Foundation .
Caldera and SCO could not have marketed a usable operating system product without the contributions of the free software community .
SCO was happy to take the benefits , but it has unethically sought to avoid its responsibilities .
The law does not permit SCO to have it both ways .
Consider statutory damages for copyright infringement , and you get some idea of the damages SCO is facing just in the IBM case .
But every Linux kernel developer who owns a copyright has such a claim against SCO .
It 's astronomical math , if you actually think about it , and I hope Mr. Cahn does just that .
The GPL is involved in SCO 's copyright infringement claims against Novell , and vice versa , in the SUSE arbitration , as well as in the IBM case .
By the way , if you are interested in releasing code under any FSF license such as the GPL , here 's how to get it right .
And here are some instructions on what to do if you notice a GPL violation .
Apple fans are calling it the cyber equivalent of the holiday time share sales pitch : attend a seminar for a few hours on our wonderful holiday village and we ’ll give you a weekend there absolutely free .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The Apple brand has never been keen to indulge in cost cutting and fans have always been willing to cough up extra cash for the company ’s shiny , premium priced products .
But a new patent suggests that the San Francisco - based company may consider selling their famous iPods and iMacs at discounted prices , as long as consumers are willing to listen to compulsory advertising .
A new patent application filed by Apple in the United States has revealed that technology giant is in the middle of copyrighting software technology which will force consumers to watch or listen to adverts on their products .
Described in the application as “ enforcement routine ” software , consumers will be unable to skip the adverts and may even be asked questions by the device to ensure that the user has fully understood the advert properly .
Those listening to adverts on their iPods , for instance , may be asked to press a series of button combinations to tell the device that they have been paying attention during the advert .
A wrong answer or failure to respond could result in the device being locked down for a temporary amount of time .
On the plus side , however , the application suggests that believes advertising revenues generated by the devices would enable Apple to sell their products at cheaper prices to customers .
The revelation of the patent , which was released to the public by the US Patent and Trademark Office earlier this month but only filtered out online yesterday , has begun to cause waves of discomfort within the blogging community .
One commentator described the application as “ the most invasive , demeaning , anti-utopian and downright horrible piece of cross- platform software technology that anybody ’s ever thought of . ”
Like any successful technology company , Apple regularly files experimental patent applications , many of which never make it off the drawing board .
But fans are concerned that this particular piece of software has backing which goes right to the top of the company .
Apple ’s CEO Steve Jobs , who has been battling ill health in recent years , is the first of five people named on the patent application , something which has only happened four times in the past 30 applications on which he has been a co-inventor since March 2008 .
A spokesperson for Apple declined to comment on the patent .
But with the internet becoming an increasingly lucrative place to advertise , it is little wonder some of the world ’s top technology giants are keen to cash in .
According to the Internet Advertising Bureau , spending on internet advertising grew 4.6 per cent in the first half of 2009 , overtaking television advertising for the first time .
If Apple ’s patent is fully developed it would mark a profound shift in its sales policy , which largely relies on making money through hardware sales ( iPods and iMacs etc ) and through its online music store iTunes which sells individual tracks or albums .
But recent competition from new software upstarts such as Spotify may be forcing the California giant to think outside the box .
Developed by Swedish entrepreneurs , Spotify has directly challenged the supremacy of iTunes by offering thousands of music tracks for free as long as subscribers agree to listen to periodic adverts , in a similar way to how commercial radio operates .
Subscribers who pay a monthly rate to Spotify can access the same music but without the adverts .
Microsoft has also begun a foray into the world of offering cheaper products that are accompanied by compulsory advertising .
Apple ’s rival is planning to include a downgraded version of its Microsoft Office software on all new PCs which will be free to use but will include an undeletable advert box .
Users who want the full version of Office without the adverts will have to pay a premium price .
Peter Fyfe , head of emerging platforms at online advertising agency Mediacom , said that if the patent went ahead , Apple would have to be careful about how they advertise .
“ The trick is to create targeted advertising that the consumer will not find obtrusive , ” he said .
“ Apple ’s brand very much revolves around creating a positive user experience – that you take their products out of the box , plug them in and off you go .
So I very much doubt they would take a sledgehammer approach to advertising and bombard users .
More likely they will carefully tailor make the adverts to suit the user . ”
Free market :
The ad exchange
* In October 2007 , a little - known Finnish company called Blyk became the UK ’s first free mobile - phone operator .
It bought up spare minutes from mainstream network operators and gave them to its customers for free .
In return , Blyk ’s customers agreed to be sent a limited number of adverts each month .
Initially the scheme seemed to work and was particularly popular among 16 - to 24 - year - olds .
But as the global recession took hold , advertising revenues dried up .
In August , Blyk shut down its UK business although it still operates in Europe and could return to the UK if the market improves .
* Some areas of the Apple experience already use adverts embedded within software .
Many of the third - party “ apps ” for the highly successful iPhone can be downloaded for free if users agree to receive adverts , or customers can make a one - off payment for an app that has no adverts .
* Spotify , an online music library , is causing excitement within the music industry as a potential answer to the problem of online piracy .
Unlike Apple ’s iTunes , where customers have to pay for each track they download , subscribers to Spotify can access thousands of music tracks for free if they agree to listen to adverts .
You can also pay a monthly charge and avoid the adverts
WASHINGTON , DC – Yesterday Congressman Ron Paul 's bill to complete a full audit of the Federal Reserve for the first time in 96 - year history has narrowly avoided total defeat .
The Federal Reserve is a quasi - private banking cartel owned by the banks with its Chairman nominated by the President that controls interest rates and the money supply .
HR 1207 , a very short 342 - word bill , has a majority in the House with 313 co-sponsors .
Its companion bill in the Senate , S 604 , has 30 co-sponsors .
HR 1207 has been blocked from a full House vote by the Chairman of the House Committee on Financial Services , Barney Frank .
Instead Paul and Congressman Alan Grayson successfully added in the FED audit as amendment 69B to Frank 's monstrous HR 3996 , the Financial Stability Improvement Act of 2009 .
( Draft text here and PDF below . )
While Frank proclaims the bill supposedly protects the taxpayer from bailing out Wall Street , the truth is Congress intends to grant the Federal Reserve even more powers to mishandle and crash the economy as they did with their money - printing , excess credit , and low interests rates to cause the last bubbles , residential and commercial real estate , to form and then collapse .
Possibly the worst part of the bill is what I term the “ Emergency Bailout Authorization , ” or per Section 1109 , officially known as the Emergency Financial Stabilization .
“ Upon the written approval of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System … and the Board of Directors of the Corporation [ Author 's Note : This the FDIC . ] … and with the written consent of the Secretary of the Treasury ( after consulting with the President ) , the Corporation may extend credit to or guarantee obligations of solvent insured depository institutions or other solvent companies that are predominantly engaged in activities that are financial in nature , if necessary to prevent financial instability during times of severe economic distress .
There shall be available to the Corporation to carry out this section amounts in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated , including for the payment of reasonable administrative expenses . ” ( pages 43-44/253 )
HR 3996 will also formalize the today 's President 's Working Group on Financial Markets , or the “ Plunge Protection Team ” formed after the 1987 stock market crash to perform interventions in the financial markets and lead Presidents to make misleading statements like “ the financial markets are strong and solid …
This economy of ours is on a solid foundation … core inflation is low ” from January 2008 .
The new group will be named the Financial Services Oversight Council and consist of economic central planners Treasury Secretary Timothy “ Turbo Tax ” Geithner , FED Chairman Ben Bernanke , FDIC Chairwoman Sheila Bair , the Comptroller of the Currency , the Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision , the Director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency , the SEC Chairman , NCUA Chairman , and the CFTC Chairman .
( pages 5-7/253 )
HR 3996 will cede power to the FED to force companies to obey the FED 's orders if the company 's actions or size pose a threat to their own “ safety and soundness ” or to the “ financial stability of the United States , ” which are both incredibly vague and undefined terms .
“ If the Board determines , after notice and an opportunity for hearing , that the size of an identified financial holding company or the scope or nature of activities directly or indirectly conducted by an identified financial holding company poses a threat to the safety and soundness of such company or to the financial stability of the United States , the Board may require the identified financial holding company to sell or otherwise transfer assets or off - balance sheet items to unaffiliated firms , to terminate one or more activities , or to impose conditions on the manner in which the identified financial holding company conducts one or more activities . ” ( page 19/253 )
When financial holding companies are identified as “ undercapitalized ” they “ shall not , directly or indirectly , acquire any interest in any company or insured depository institution , or engage in any new line of business [ without permission of the Council . ] ” ( page 30 / 253 )
Section 1105 gives the FED the power to force financial holding companies into bankruptcy : “ an involuntary case may be commenced by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System against an identified financial holding company . ” ( page 38/253 )
Section 1701 gives the FED “ in unusual and exigent circumstances ” power to authorize immediate bailouts and assistance to any “ individual , partnership , or corporation . ” ( page 253/253 )
This enables the FED to neatly bypass Congress when the next crisis occurs .
HR 3996 will be a colossal failure .
There is simply no way a centralized body of bureaucrats like the newly formed Financial Services Oversight Council can adequately oversee every major corporation in the United States .
Far from guaranteeing the taxpayer will not be robbed to pay failed Wall Street businesses , the bill secures “ automatic bailouts ” for the banksters and powerful corporations .
While some may seem the regulations and control as helpful preventative actions to prevent economic strife , “ too big to fail ” is an outright lie .
An orderly bankruptcy process of debt liquidation and asset reevaluation sold by the insolvent firms and bought by solvent , stronger firms results in the quickest possible recovery .
We must realize that much of the government - sponsored regulations merely serve to increase the size of government bureaucracy , which increases the end cost to the consumer , prevents competition from smaller firms , and creates a higher barrier of entry for new businesses .
By their very nature , bureaucratic regulatory agencies are doomed to inefficiency and failures , and can do nothing than a series of private , competing accreditation firms cannot do both profitably and far better .
Many , including our Congress , have forgotten that the free market is the most just , most humane , and most prosperous economic system the world has ever known .
The current false economy is primarily due to the counterfeiting , plundering and meddling of the central bank , the Federal Reserve .
Read more about my thoughts on bailouts and corporatism here .
If for some reason HR 3996 does not pass , it is my humble opinion that Congressman Paul should move for a discharge petition for HR 1207 .
Any co-sponsor that chooses to not sign the petition is , in my mind , a traitor to transparent government and the Republic .
For anyone in the area of Philadelphia , I invite you to join myself and many others in a rally this Sunday , November 22 , at the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia or at your closest FED .
Following a march and speech in front of the FED , I will be giving a talk “ END THE FED … Then What ? – The Transition to Sound Money ” in the Independence Hall Visitors Center .
“ A small body of determined spirits fired by an unquenchable faith in their mission can alter the course of history . “
– Mohandas Gandhi
_______________________________________________________________________
Jake Towne is running for U.S. Congress in Pennsylvania 's 15th District in the 2010 election as a citizen unaffiliated with any political parties .
Jake also writes atwww.LibertyMaven.com,www.NolanChart.comandwww.CampaignForLiberty.com.
A novel campaign website where you can comment on articles and start discussions is available atTowneForCongress.com .
[ Reach the Author Here ! ]
_______________________________________________________________________
We the Peopleof the United States , in Order to form a more perfect Union , establish Justice , insure domestic Tranquility , provide for the common defence , promote the general Welfare , and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity , do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America .
As always , unlike the NFL , the author grants full permission to allow any accounts of , rebroadcasts , retransmissions , repostings of this article to your blog or anywhere else in order to promote the Restoration of our Republic .
Veritas numquam perit .
Veritas odit moras .
Veritas vincit .
Truth never perishes .
Truth hates delay .
Truth conquers .
Tu ne cede malis sed contra audentior ito .
Do not give in to evil but proceed ever more boldly against it .
_______________________________________________________________________
Other Recent Articles by the Author
PRESS RELEASE – Jake Towne on FOX Freedom Watch – “ The Independent Movement ”
Independent Challenger for Congress Invites Dent and Callahan to Debate
Jake Towne to Nancy Pelosi – Are YOU Serious ?
Abolish the Federal Department of Education !!!
Jake Towne's Iraq War Plank
On the Dollar – Congressman Charlie Dent Answers a Question from Jake Towne
America 's Military Empire ( UPDATED )
THE OPEN OFFICE – An Open Letter to Congressman Dent
Jake Towne's Bailout and Corporatism Plank
Jake Towne's Veterans Plank
Jake Towne's Plank on the Federal Reserve
It ’s a topic that gets a lot of attention .
And for good reason .
Violence is an easy talking point for the media .
It ’s an intense allure for a gamer .
It ’s a wonderful tool for the developer .
Violence can be the central theme of an entire marketing strategy .
I ’ve heard that love and peace are the great unifiers of civilization .
Nonsense .
Nothing reaches across multiple demographics like some simple , in your face , head exploding , shotgun pumping , shovel to the back of the head style violence .
That said , I ’m starting to find modern video game violence a bit… lacking .
A very roundabout and disjointed example : I was recently playing Batman : Arkham Asylum while hanging out with a friend ( we ’ll call him “ Rob ” .
Mainly because his name is “ Rob ” . )
I did n’t want to hog the game , so we handed the controller back and forth and random intervals .
Watching him play the game was a bit of a revelation for me .
His style completely foreign .
His method for dealing with the vile gun-toting criminals of this digital Gotham City ?
Run up to them and punch them .
There was practically zero sneaking .
Almost no subtlety or grace .
He would just run up and punch the bad guy , usually taking a few machine gun shots to the face , and then zip away to a magical gargoyle that would render him invisible while his Bat - health recharged .
Then he would repeat the process until there was nothing left to punch .
It was effective , I will grant that much .
But to me , it kinda missed the point of Batman .
Here ’s a snippet of the ensuing conversation .
ME : You got shot .
ROB : Yeah .
ME : Batman does n’t get shot .
ROB : It ’s fine .
I already healed .
ME : No … it ’s not fine .
You ’re supposed to be Batman .
Batman does n’t get shot .
He does n’t get shot , because he ’s Batman .
ROB : I ’m wearing armor .
I can get shot .
ME : I do n’t think you ’re listening to me .
I want realistic violence when I play video games .
So , my goal when I played Batman : Arkham Asylum was to not get shot .
That ’s how Batman ( yes , the guy dressed in tights fighting the clown ) becomes realistic to me .
And since I write comics with the name “ Batman ” in the title , I ’m claiming an authoritative voice here .
Though now that I think about it , I already wrote a story where Batman got shot .
So now I ’m a hypocrite .
Ah well .
Anyway , that ’s my problem with video game violence .
Bullets are something we shrug off .
Point blank fire with a machine gun is something that a tiny bit of flexible body armor and 20 seconds sitting on a magic invisibility inducing gargoyle can cure .
Time and time again , I ’ve heard people claim that they want to see a greater degree of realism in video games .
But that ’s a lie .
We do n’t want realism .
We want fantasy .
We want unlimited ammo and we want rapid respawns .
We want to jump out of second story windows without a scratch .
We want to dodge bullets and shake off mortal wounds without pause .*
I ’ve been shot at a couple of times .
I do n’t mean I was sitting at the TV waving a controller around so a little pixel person could dodge cyborg powered armor piercing poison tipped bullets .
Nope .
These were just bullets from a simple and boring hand gun .
In each instance , the bullets missed .
Lucky me .
Because there were no handy first aid packs or carefully planted green herbs lying around waiting .
If I had been shot , I expect it would have been amazingly unlike a video game .
Assuming the bullet did not inflict irreparable harm to my body , the experience of actually being shot ( let ’s assume a grazing strike to the shoulder ) would have likely done irreparable harm to the cleanliness of my pants .
Yes .
I realize the imaginary bullet hit my imaginary shoulder .
You do the obvious math on how that correlates to the un-cleanliness of my pants .
Unlike video games , being shot at does n’t really give you time for much more than a sense of dull panic while a part of your brain shuts down in shock over the fact that you are looking down the barrel ( literally ) of your own death .
If one of those bullets had managed to strike home , say , in my skull .
My last thoughts would likely have sounds like this :
ME : Golly , is that a- GYUH !
Rapidly followed by some sort of sickening thud noise as of a part my body meant to still be inside my body hits the ground .
I want to see video game realism brought to that level .
I do n’t want to roll my eyes at the thug carrying a pistol as overly simple and unexciting .
I want round the digital corner and freeze upon realization that this combination of pixels is holding the power of my simulated life and death in its carefully rendered hands .
And I do n’t want any of this out of some overbearing concern that we as a society are allowing ourselves to become numb to the grim realities of blah blah blah .
Nope .
I want a game that recreates that insane rush of endorphins and adrenaline or whatever it is after hearing a simple bullet crack past your ear .
That ’s what games should be .
So real that I just have to put down the controller for a minute because some part of my lizard brain is shaking in disbelief over the scenario I somehow managed to survive .
That ’s what video game violence should be ( or violence in any medium , frankly ) .
A tool to provoke an emotional response .
Not just an excuse to show off graphics because they ’re really freaking awesome ( for the record : they are ) .
The blood might look really pretty on screen , but after the tenth gallon or so …
Meh .
* I have no doubt that there are many games available that come closer to achieving a realistic setting than what I describe .
I do n’t care .
I ’m making sweeping generalizations here .
It ’s what I do .
In 2008 Microsoft stopped support for VB and declared it a Legacy software .
Feel free to read this article written before that time .
It provides good background for the current .NET software still in use today .
It 's a computer programming system developed and owned by Microsoft .
Visual Basic was originally created to make it easier to write programs for the Windows computer operating system .
The basis of Visual Basic is an earlier programming language called BASIC that was invented by Dartmouth College professors John Kemeny and Thomas Kurtz .
Visual Basic is often referred to using just the initials , VB .
Visual Basic is easily the most widely used computer programming system in the history of software .
Is Visual Basic Just a Programming Language ?
It 's more .
Visual Basic was one of the first systems that made it practical to write programs for the Windows operating system .
This was possible because VB included software tools to automatically create the detailed programming required by Windows .
These software tools not only create Windows programs , but they also take full advantage of the graphical way that Windows works by letting programmers " draw " their systems with a mouse on the computer .
This is why it 's called " Visual " Basic .
Visual Basic also provides a unique and complete software architecture .
" Architecture " is the way computer programs , such as Windows and VB programs , work together .
One of the major reasons why Visual Basic has been so successful is that it includes everything that is necessary to write programs for Windows .
Is there more than one version of Visual Basic ?
Yes .
Since 1991 when it was first introduced by Microsoft , there have been nine versions of Visual Basic up to VB.NET 2005 , the current version .
The first six versions were all called Visual Basic .
In 2002 , Microsoft introduced Visual Basic .NET 1.0 , a completely redesigned and rewritten version that was a key part of a much larger computer architecture .
The first six versions were all " backward compatible " .
That means that later versions of VB could handle programs written with an earlier version .
Because the .NET architecture was such a radical change , earlier versions of Visual Basic have to be rewritten before they can be used with .
NET .
Many programmers still prefer Visual Basic 6.0 and a few use even earlier versions .
Will Microsoft stop supporting Visual Basic 6 and earlier versions ?
This depends on what you mean by " support " but many programmers would say they already have .
The next version of the Windows operating system , Windows Vista , will still run Visual Basic 6 programs and future versions of Windows might run them too .
On the other hand , Microsoft now charges big fees for any help for VB 6 software problems and soon they wo n't provide it at all .
Microsoft does n't sell VB 6 anymore so it 's difficult to find .
It 's clear that Microsoft is doing everything they can to discourage the continued use of Visual Basic 6 and encourage the adoption of Visual Basic .
NET .
Many programmers believe that Microsoft was wrong to abandon Visual Basic 6 because their customers have put so much investment into it over more than ten years .
As a result , Microsoft has earned a lot of ill will from some VB 6 programmers and some have moved to other languages rather than move to VB.NET .
This might be a mistake .
Is Visual Basic .NET really an improvement ?
Absolutely yes !
All of .NET is truly revolutionary and gives programmers a much more capable , efficient and flexible way to write computer software .
Visual Basic .NET is a key part of this revolution .
At the same time , Visual Basic .NET is clearly more difficult to learn and use .
The vastly improved capability does come at a fairly high cost of technical complexity .
Microsoft helps to make up for this increased technical difficulty by providing even more software tools in .NET to help programmers .
Most programmers agree that VB.NET is such a huge leap forward that it 's worth it .
Is n't Visual Basic only for lower skilled programmers and simple systems ?
This was something that programmers using programming languages like C , C++ , and Java used to say before Visual Basic .
NET .
Back then , there was some truth to the charge , although on the other side of the argument was the fact that excellent programs could be written faster and cheaper with Visual Basic than with any of those languages .
VB.NET is the equal of any programming technology anywhere .
In fact , the resulting program using the .NET version of the C programming language , called C#.NET , is virtually identical with the same program written in VB .
NET .
The only real difference today is programmer preference .
Is Visual Basic " object - oriented " ?
VB.NET certainly is .
One of the big changes introduced by .NET was complete object - oriented architecture .
Visual Basic 6 was " mostly " object - oriented but lacked a few features such as " inheritance " .
The subject of object - oriented software is a big topic by itself and is beyond the scope of this article .
What is the Visual Basic " runtime " and do we still need it ?
One of the big innovations introduced by Visual Basic was a way to split a program into two parts .
One part is written by the programmer and does everything that makes that program unique , such as adding two specific values .
The other part does all of the processing that any program might need such as the programming to add any values .
The second part is called the " runtime " in Visual Basic 6 and earlier and is part of the Visual Basic system .
The runtime is actually a specific program and each version of Visual Basic has a corresponding version of the runtime .
In VB 6 , the runtime is called MSVBVM60 .
( Several other files are also normally needed for a complete VB 6 runtime environment . )
In .NET , the same concept is still used in a very general way , but it 's not called a " runtime " anymore ( it 's part of the . NET Framework ) and it does a lot more .
What is the Visual Basic .
NET Framework ?
Like the old Visual Basic runtimes , the Microsoft .NET Framework is combined with specific .NET programs written in Visual Basic .NET or any other .NET language to provide a complete system .
The Framework is much more than a runtime , however .
The .NET Framework is the basis of the entire .NET software architecture .
One major part is a huge library of programming code called the Framework Class Library ( FCL ) .
The .NET Framework is separate from VB.NET and can be downloaded free of charge from Microsoft .
The Framework is an included part of Windows Server 2003 and Windows Vista .
What is Visual Basic for Applications ( VBA ) and how does it fit in ?
VBA is a version of Visual Basic 6.0 that is used as an internal programming language in many other systems such as Microsoft Office programs like Word and Excel .
( Earlier versions of Visual Basic were used with earlier versions of Office . )
Many other companies in addition to Microsoft have used VBA to add programming ability to their own systems .
VBA makes it possible for another system , like Excel , to run a program internally and provide what is essentially a custom version of Excel for a particular purpose .
For example , a program could be written in VBA that will make Excel create an accounting balance sheet using a series of accounting entries in a spreadsheet at the click of a button .
VBA is the only version of VB 6 that is still sold and supported by Microsoft and only as an internal component of Office programs .
Microsoft is developing a completely .NET capability ( called VSTO , Visual Studio Tools for Office ) but VBA continues to be used .
How much does Visual Basic cost ?
Although Visual Basic 6 could be purchased by itself , Visual Basic .NET is only sold as part of what Microsoft calls Visual Studio .NET .
Visual Studio .NET also includes the other Microsoft supported .NET languages , C#.NET , J#.NET and C++.NET .
Visual Studio comes in a variety of versions with different capabilities that go well beyond just the ability to write programs .
In October 2006 , Microsoft 's posted list prices for Visual Studio .NET ranged from $ 800 to $ 2,800 although various discounts are often available .
Fortunately , Microsoft also provides a completely free version of Visual Basic called Visual Basic .
NET 2005 Express Edition ( VBE ) .
This version of VB.NET is separate from the other languages and is also completely compatible with the more expensive versions .
This version of VB.NET is very capable and does n't " feel " at all like free software .
Although some features of the more expensive versions are n't included , most programmers wo n't notice anything missing .
The system can be used for production quality programming and is n't " crippled " in any way like some free software .
You can read more about VBE and download a copy at Microsoft 's web site .
Shopping List 1 onion : $ 0.50 4 carrots : $ 1.00 2 medium red boiling potatoes : $ 0.50 1 pound split peas : $ 1.38 1/2 green cabbage ( pro-rated ) : $ 2.00 Pantry items : Garlic , olive oil , dried oregano , salt , pepper , stock or water , mayonnaise , apple cider vinegar .
Total cost ( for 4 portions ) : $ 5.38
Ina Garten 's split pea soup is one of the things I made on a regular basis when I was first cooking for myself .
It is extremely thick , somewhat like porridge , and very simply flavored .
I love it just the way it is , but as you can see from the photo , visually it might benefit from a simple garnish of croutons or diced ham .
( I 'll also admit I 'm glad I do n't have to work through the leftovers myself any more .
The soup thickens as it sits in the fridge , and no matter how much you like it , it 's hard to get enthusiastic about it on the third or even fourth day . )
This week to counter the soup 's stodginess I improvised a bright little slaw , something I never would have had the courage to do in my first apartment 's kitchen .
If you have parsley or dill around , you might chop a bit of that and toss it in .
Make a batch of cookies or have an orange for dessert and you 'll be quite content .
Split Pea Soup
— Bernd Debusmann is a Reuters columnist .
The opinions expressed are his own . —
Call it a paradox of plenty .
In the world ’s wealthiest country , home to more obese people than anywhere else on earth , almost 50 million Americans struggled to feed themselves and their children in 2008 .
That ’s one in six of the population .
Millions went hungry , at least some of the time .
Things are bound to get worse .
This the bleak picture drawn from an annual survey on “ household food security ” compiled by the U.S. Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) and released in mid-November .
It showed the highest level of food insecurity since the government started the survey , in 1995 , and provided a graphic illustration of the effect of sharply rising unemployment .
This year ’s picture will be even bleaker – the unemployment rate more than doubled from the beginning of 2008 to now , at 10.2 percent the highest in a quarter century .
It is still climbing , and for many the distance between losing a job and lack of food security is very short .
In keeping with the American predilection for euphemisms , the word “ hunger ” does not appear in the report which classes food security into several categories , from “ marginal ” and “ low ” to “ very low . ”
Marginal food security means , in the lexicon of the USDA , “ anxiety over food shortages or shortage of food in the house . ”
The second category , low , means “ reduced quality , variety or desirability of diet , ” but not necessarily less food .
The most severe category , “ very low , ” used to be labeled “ food insecurity with hunger ” and is defined as “ disrupted eating patterns and reduced food intake . ”
That applied to around 17 million people , up from 12 million in 2007 .
Black and Hispanic families and single - parent households are the most affected .
It is not the kind of hunger — think African famines , skeletal babies with distended bellies — that brought world leaders to a U.N. food summit in Rome this month to boost aid from rich countries for agricultural development in the Third World .
The U.S. is a land of plenty , so much so that a study by the University of Arizona a few years ago found that the average household wastes about 14 percent of their food purchases .
Food is so abundant that overeating is more of a problem , numerically and in terms of public health , than under-nutrition .
The Food Research and Action Center , a Washington - based advocacy group , makes the point that “ poverty can make people more vulnerable to hunger as well as obesity , ” one of the reasons being that food high in calories is cheaper than healthy food .
For many Americans , hunger and obesity are two sides of the same poverty coin .
( International health statistics put the United States at the top of the obesity league .
Two - thirds of Americans are overweight and a third of these are obese . )
INEQUALITY OF THIRD WORLD PROPORTIONS
Vicki Escarra , head of Feeding America , a hunger relief charity that runs 200 food banks in the U.S. , has likened the growing difficulties of those on the lower rungs of the socio-economic ladder to conditions in the Third World .
She is right in more ways than one .
The USDA report reflects inequality of Third World proportions .
While the Great Recession has culled the ranks of American millionaires — by 22 percent according to a September study by the Boston Consulting Group — the gap between rich and poor is not shrinking .
Last year , according to a report by the census bureau , the wealthiest 10 percent of Americans made 11.4 times more than those living on the poverty line .
The year before , the ratio was 11.2 .
At the far end of the economic scale , America ’s six largest bank holdings have set aside $ 112 billion in salaries and bonuses during the first nine months of the year .
By year ’s end , bonuses might exceed the almost $ 164 billion paid in 2007 , before the credit bubble banks had helped to inflate burst and millions of Americans lost their jobs and savings .
Banks and other financial institutions were rescued by a $ 700 billion infusion of taxpayer money and news of the bonuses coincided with reports that U.S. wages were at a 19 - year low .
Which helps explain growing anger among a public long famous for lacking the resentment of the rich that is common in other parts of the world .
After all , a bedrock belief in America held that this is the land of unlimited opportunities where every citizen has an equal chance to succeed and become rich .
That requires an assumption that the system is fair .
How many Americans still believe that ?
Last summer , a pair of political scientists , Benjamin Page and Lawrence Jacobs , published a study whose findings included that just 28 percent thought the present distribution of wealth is fair .
More evidence that the gap between myth and reality is shrinking comes from the American Human Development project , a research group which found that “ social mobility is now less fluid in the United States than in other affluent nations … a poor child born in Germany , France , Canada or one of the Nordic countries has a better chance to join the middle class in adulthood than an American child born into similar circumstances . ”
A better chance to avoid food insecurity , too .
You can contact the author at Debusmann@Reuters.com
A graph is a collection of nodes , and edges joining the nodes together .
Automatically drawing them cleanly is an interesting problem .
Some force - based graph layout algorithms view the edges between nodes as springs , and simulate the forces acting on each node in order to move the nodes into a good position .
Connected nodes will pull towards each other until the edges are of an ideal length .
We can implement such a layout algorithm in CHP , with a process per node .
To implement the algorithm , the nodes need to be able to find out the current positions of their neighbours ( i.e. the nodes they are connected to ) and update their own position accordingly .
One approach would be to have a channel pair per edge , to enable sending of position information in both directions , as in this graph of three nodes :
I ’m going to take an alternative approach of having one output channel per node , on which the node can send its position .
The other end ( i.e. the reading end ) of these position channels will be shared , and these ends will be passed around to all the nodes that connect to the node with the output end .
We can also give all the reading ends to a display process .
So our wired up graph now looks like this :
A shared channel is represented by a small hollow circle .
Each has one writer ( the three nodes ) , and several readers ( the connected nodes and the display process ) .
Each iteration , our nodes will offer to send out their current position ( as many times as they are asked for it ) while also fetching the position of all their neighbours .
Then they will all calculate a new position based on their neighbours and go again .
One problem with this common discover - then - act design is that if you do not clearly separate the discovery of the neighbours ’ positions and the updating of the positions , you can get nodes updating based on a mix of old positions ( which is what you want ) and the new updated positions — a race hazard .
To prevent this , we divide each simulation step into two phases ( discover and act ) using a phased barrier .
A phased barrier is a synchronisation primitive .
It allows processes to enroll on the barrier , to resign from the barrier , and to synchronise ; processes only successfully synchronise on a barrier when all currently - enrolled processes synchronise .
Each synchronisation , the phase of the barrier is moved on ( and typically cycles around ) .
We will begin with some import statements , and declaring a NodeInfo type to hold the positions of nodes .
We will also include a quick Num and Fractional instance for our NodeInfo that performs plus , minus , etc element - wise ( NodeInfo 1 6 * NodeInfo 3 4 == NodeInfo 3 24 ) :
import Control .
Concurrent .CHP import Control .
Monad import Control .
Monad .
Trans import Graphics .Rendering .OpenGL import Graphics .UI.GLUT hiding ( alt ) data NodeInfo = NodeInfo GLfloat GLfloat deriving ( Show , Eq ) instance Num NodeInfo where ... instance Fractional NodeInfo where ...
Then we will declare our phase data type , and a helper function to read from a list of shared channels in parallel :
data Phase = Discover |
Act deriving ( Eq , Show , Bounded , Ord , Enum ) readAll :: [ Shared Chanin a ] -> CHP [ a ] readAll = runParMapM ( flip claim readChannel )
Next , we will define our node process .
The main body of the node process first begins the discover phase .
It then acts as a sender and receiver in parallel : the receiver reads in the positions of all its neighbours , while the sender continually offers to send out its position .
It finishes both of these once the phase changes .
To facilitate this , we must enroll on the barrier again , and use one barrier end in the sender and one in the receiver .
( If we did not enroll a second time , and tried to use the same single barrier end twice in parallel , this would be a mis-use of the library . )
So here is most of the node process :
node :: NodeInfo -> [ Shared Chanin NodeInfo ] -> Chanout NodeInfo -> Enrolled PhasedBarrier Phase -> CHP ( ) node start neighbourChans out bar = node ' start where node ' cur = do Discover <- syncBarrier bar ( _ , neighbourPos ) <- furtherEnroll bar $ \ bar2 -> giveOutPosUntilBar cur < || > do pos <- readAll neighbourChans Act <- syncBarrier bar2 return pos node ' ( updatePos neighbour Pos cur ) giveOutPosUntilBar cur = ( writeChannel out cur >> giveOutPosUntilBar cur ) <-> do Act <- syncBarrier bar return ()
The sender is the giveOutPosUntilBar process , and the receiver is on the right - hand side of the parallel .
By making explicit the phase that we expect to begin with each barrier synchronisation , we both make our code clear ( you can see which part is in the discover phase , and which part is in the act phase ) and also effectively assert correctness ; if the pattern - match fails , your code will produce an error .
Updating the position of the node based on its neighbours is all pure code .
This is not a very sophisticated algorithm , but it will suffice for the purposes of illustration :
updatePos poss cur = cur +
( 0.05 * average [ let v = p - cur in v - ideal * normalise v | p <- poss ] ) where ideal = 0.3 normalise ( NodeInfo x y ) = NodeInfo ( x / mag ) ( y / mag ) where mag = sqrt ( x*x + y*y ) average xs = sum xs / fromIntegral ( length xs )
The draw process is mainly irrelevant OpenGL logic ( adapted from my boids example ) , but the interesting part is that it must act in the discover phase , partly because that ’s the only time that the nodes will send their position , and partly because it ’s actually the drawing that drives the frame - rate ( a pull - based architecture ) .
drawProcess :: [ Shared Chanin NodeInfo ] -> Enrolled PhasedBarrier Phase -> CHP ( ) drawProcess input bar = do displayIO <- embedCHP_ $ do syncAndWaitForPhase Discover bar xs <- readAll input liftIO $ do startFrame mapM_ draw xs mapM_ ( drawEdge xs ) edges end Frame liftIO ( do setup displayCallback $= glRunAs2D displayIO let addTimer = addTimerCallback 500 timer timer = addTimer >> postRedisplay Nothing addTimer mainLoop ) where setup = do initialWindowSize $= Size 500 500 getArgsAndInitialize initialDisplayMode $= [ DoubleBuffered ] createWindow " CHP Graph " startFrame = do clearColor $= Color4 0 0 0 0 clear [ ColorBuffer , DepthBuffer ] end Frame = do flush swapBuffers glRunAs2D :: IO ( ) -> IO ( ) glRunAs2D draw = do ( matrixMode $= Modelview 0 ) >> loadIdentity ( matrixMode $= Projection ) >> loadIdentity ortho 0 1 0 1 ( - 1000 ) 1000 preservingMatrix draw draw :: NodeInfo -> IO ( ) draw ( NodeInfo x y ) = renderPrimitive Polygon $ sequence_ [ vertex $ Vertex2 ( x + 0.05 * cos t ) ( y + 0.05 * sin t ) | t <- map ( ( pi/10 ) * ) [ 0..19 ] ] drawEdge :: [ NodeInfo ] -> ( Int , Int ) -> IO ( ) drawEdge nodes ( s , e ) = renderPrimitive Lines $ vertex ( Vertex2 x1 y1 ) >> vertex ( Vertex2 x2 y2 ) where ( NodeInfo x1 y1 , NodeInfo x2 y2 ) = ( nodes !! s , nodes !! e )
Finally , we must initialise the nodes and wire up the simulation .
For our barrier , we will use the enrollAll_ function that takes a barrier - creation function , a list of processes that take an enrolled barrier as a parameter , and runs them all in parallel with their own enrolled barrier ends ( discarding the output ) .
Crucially , enrollAll does the enrolling before any of the processes have begun .
If you run your processes in parallel and get them to enroll themselves , you will create a race hazard in your program : one process might enroll and start synchronising by itself before the other processes have started executing .
This is almost certainly not what you want .
So here is the code :
startNodes :: [ NodeInfo ] startNodes = [ NodeInfo 0 0 , NodeInfo 0 1 , NodeInfo 1 0 , NodeInfo 1 1 ] edges :: [ ( Int , Int ) ] edges = [ ( 0,1 ) , ( 1,2 ) , ( 2,0 ) , ( 1 , 3 ) ] main :: IO ( ) main = runCHP_ $ do outChans <- replicateM numNodes oneToAnyChannel enrollAll_ ( newPhasedBarrier Act ) ( drawProcess ( readers outChans ) : [ let edgesOut = filter ( ( == i ) . fst ) edges edgesIn = filter ( ( == i ) . snd ) edges connectedNodes = map fst edgesIn ++ map snd edgesOut in node n ( readers ( map ( outChans !! ) connectedNodes ) ) ( writer c ) | ( n , c , i ) <- zip3 startNodes outChans [ 0.. ] ] ) where numNodes = length startNodes
The list comprehension uses the edges list to pick out all the right channels for each node ( i.e. it translates the connectivity expressed in the edges list into the channel topology ) .
The code in this post forms a complete program .
It is not completely effective as I have not added repulsion among non-connected nodes ( an exercise for the reader perhaps ) , but here is a quick screenshot of the result :
My intention with this example was to illustrate the use of shared channels , and particularly barriers .
The pattern shown here , of dividing simulations into phases , is one of their most common uses but they can be used elsewhere , sometimes in place of channels ; from a more abstract perspective , channels in CHP offer synchronisation and communication , whereas barriers offer purely synchronisation .
A one - to - one channel carrying the unit type is semantically equivalent to a two - party barrier with no phase information .
The channel has the benefit of not needing explicit enrollment , but the disadvantage of being asymmetric in its use .
For example , picking up and putting down forks in the dining philosophers example can be implemented using either two - party barriers or channels carrying the unit type .
Note :
As often with my recent posts , writing them revealed that I lacked certain useful helper functions , so you will need the new CHP 1.7.0 ( which also includes other changes I will discuss in future ) for the above code .
Saudi prince al - Waleed bin Talal has been described by Forbes as the worlds fifth richest man .
He is known for his financial ties to the Bush family and the Carlyle Group and for owning a fair - sized stake in Disney and in Citigroup .
These connections were not enough to keep al - Waleed out of trouble , however , when he suggested immediately after September 11 that US policies might have contributed to the attack .
Then - Mayor Rudy Giuliani refused to accept a $ 10 million disaster relief contribution from the prince — and Fox News applauded Giuliani for his stance .
ADVERTISEMENT
Since then , al - Waleed has formed multiple connections with Rupert Murdoch ’s News Corp. , the owner of Fox News .
In September 2005 , he acquired 5.46 % of voting shares in News Corp. , and just a few months later , when Fox ran coverage of riots in Paris under the banner “ Muslim riots , ” he allegedly phoned Murdoch and had him change the heading to “ civil riots . ”
Now the partnership is growing even closer , with News Corp. acquiring a 10 % stake in al - Waleed ’s media conglomerate , Rotana , along with an option for another 10 % .
Rotana , which already broadcasts
Fox programming in the Middle East , is involved in producing films , television , recordings , and magazines , and it is thought that Murdoch is hoping to get a toehold in the growing Arab market through the deal .
Glenn Beck on the air in Saudi Arabia ?
Probably not anytime soon .
But it remains to be seen what really will come of the partnership .
Google sues work - at - home scammers
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Google filed a lawsuit against Pacific WebWorks and other unnamed defendants for allegedly using the company 's name and colorful logo to promote fraudulent work - at - home money - making schemes .
" Thousands of people have been tricked into sending payment information and being charged hidden fees by questionable operations , " Google said in a blog post on Tuesday .
The search engine giant sued Salt Lake City - based Pacific WebWorks , an application service provider and software development firm , in a court in Utah .
Pacific WebWorks did n't respond to calls , but on Wednesday put out a statement indicating it was surprised by the lawsuit .
" We have always cooperated with Google , " said Ken Bell , chief executive of Pacific WebWorks .
" As we review this lawsuit with our counsel we find questionable claims that the company will vigorously and responsibly defend . "
Google said it has not created or endorsed advertisements such as " Use Google to make 1000s of Dollars ! " and " Easy Cash with Google :
You could be Making up to $ 978 a Day Working from home ! "
These spam advertisements appear in various places around the Web , appearing when people search for work - at - home job opportunities .
The scams are also distributed through spam emails and can also be found on reputable Web sites , when the creators purchase advertisements .
Kate Lister , author of " Undress for Success - The Naked Truth about Making Money at Home , " estimates that more than 95 % of Google hits on the words " work at home " are scams , link to scams or other dead ends .
In 2008 , the Better Business Bureau received 3,539 complaints against work - at home companies , and expects the number to rise in 2009 , according to Alison Southwick , a spokeswoman for the bureau .
She said Google 's name is often used in such schemes because of its recognizable branding and good reputation .
The Better Business Bureau has received 382 complaints about Pacific WebWorks in the last year , and 84 % of them are related to billing or collection , refund or exchange , and sales practice issues .
The company , which rates an F on BBB 's scale of A + to F , negleted to respond to 107 complaints filed , and did not resolve 45 of them .
In addition to taking Pacific WebWorks ( PWEB ) to court , Google said it is continuing efforts to remove scam sites from its index .
The company also said it would permanently disable Google AdWords accounts that provide a " poor or harmful " user experience whether or not they use Google 's trademark illegally .
AdWords is an advertising platform where businesses can pay a fee for their information to be displayed adjacent to specific search results .
Because Google can't guarantee that similar schemes wo n't pop up on different networks or under different names , it also told users to " be skeptical and review any offers online before sending any information . "
Legitimate work - at - home jobs are those in which a person is paid a regular wage for services performed or hours worked , such as computer data entry , remote tech support , or transcription services .
The illegitimate jobs , or " scams " as Lister refers to them , can usually be identified because they ask job seekers to put up money with the expectation of earning money back .
The Mountain View , Calif . - based Google provided other names users should be wary of : Google Adwork , Google ATM , Google Biz Kit , Google Cash , Earn Google Cash Kit , Google Fortune , Google Marketing Kit , Google Profits , The Home Business Kit for Google , Google StartUp Kit , and Google Works .
Work - at - home mom Stacey Kannenberg , 45 , signed up for one called Easy Google Profit , a site that says " you can start making money within hours of qualifying " with " no prior experience needed . "
But by signing up and paying a few dollars in shipping charges for a start - up kit , users may be unaware they are authorizing the company to bill them hefty monthly fees , which get automatically charged to their credit card and are non-refundable .
" I immediately called my credit card company and they stopped payment , " Kannenberg explained , but " I am frustrated and sick of all the scams . "
So bad they ’re GOOD .
( Now with 97 % more mediocrity !
Well .
Today we delve into the realm of popular music .
Or , to be slightly more accurate , music that was briefly very popular , but is now an embarassment to the very idea of sound – yet somehow , still remains AWESOME .
Which brings me to today ’s list – Thirteen Guilty Pleasure Songs You Hate to Love .
( Or Love to Hate . )
Thirteen : The Sign . ( Ace of Base . )
Ah , 1993 .
A simpler time .
A time before balloon boys and black presidents and lady gagas ran amok , choking our nightly news with the same tenacity as a green Jolly Rancher in a child ’s throat .
And the non -grunge soundtrack to that bygone era would no doubt be peppered with plenty – puh-lenty – Ace of Base .
It what pretty much came down to a coin toss , I went with “ The Sign ” over “ All That She Wants . ”
Both are maddeningly catchy pop anthems from the early nineties , but I suppose it will truly be “ The Sign ” that this weird , and oddly sexy , Swedish band will be remembered for .
And nothing else .
Twelve : Stay ( I Missed You ) .
( Lisa Loeb . )
One year after Ace of Base broke into North American homes , depositing their sugary sweet sound into teenage ears like some weird Swedish Santa Claus , a local girl with trendy glasses also made a bit of an impact .
Let ’s face it …if you were a dude in the early nineties old enough to understand the basic differences between men and women – you had a thing for Lisa Loeb .
Her girl - next - door image , her sweet voice , her awesome pre-Tina Fey eye gear … this girl was all that .
Just ask Ethan Hawke .
And while her big hit single “ Stay ” may not neccessarily be a guilty pleasure for the feminine set , I often get strange looks from people whilst blaring it from the speakers of my Toyota Tercel while driving .
Though it may just be because I ’m wearing those wicked glasses .
Eleven : Toxic . ( Britney Spears . )
Say what you will about Brit – and there ’s a lot to say , I ’m sure – this song kicks ASS .
From the offbeat synth / violin riff to the onbeat sweet percussion , this is a song full of hooks that gets under your skin and into the meat of your brain no matter how embarassed you might feel listening to a damn Britney Spears track .
Oh , and the video , like most of Brit ’s visual work , is also something of a guilty pleasure .
At least , I always feel strangely guilty three or four minutes after watching it …
Ten : Lovefool .
( The Cardigans . )
While the opening choppy guitar may be reminiscent of Television ’s “ Elevation ” ( not to be confused with U2’s “ Elevation ” , which is neither as good as the Television song , nor as catchy as “ Lovefool ” ) this song nevertheless reamains a remarkably potent pop nugget .
Made famous for it ’s appearance in Baz Lurhman ’s “ Romeo & Juliet ” MTV “ opus , ” it became a pretty big hit for this Swedish band , and the mere mention of it too this day still get ’s her bizarrely accented voice stuck in my head .
Interesting that this is the second Swedish band to make the list – though not the last .
Which brings me to ….
Nine : Anything by ABBA .
( ABBA . )
Even if you change your mind , they ’ll still be first in line .
North America took a chance on Sweden ’s ABBA , and by gumption , they stepped up to the challenge – delivering pop tunes so sweet that they gave our ears cavities , sending us all rushing to our dentists .
Or ear doctors .
Well , whoever you would see about damaged ear enamel .
“ Take a Chance on Me , ” “ Mamma Mia , ” “ Waterloo , ” “ Dancing Queen ” – the hits did n’t stop .
Even today they ’re still making musicals and movies based on ABBA ’s long gone career .
Catchy as hell , these are songs that everyone seems to know the words too – but of course , would never be caught dead singing them out loud .
Eight : Fields of Gold . ( Sting . )
What do you get when you combine a peaceful melody , lush production and a friggin’ lute ?
Sting , of course .
Let ’s go back a bit .
To , say … 1979 .
When Sting was considered “ cool ” .
Here was a white Englishman fronting the world ’s biggest and coolest reggae band … and , let ’s face it , one of the biggest bands in the world .
Then the band broke up , and the other two dudes from “ The Police ” kind of just disappeared .
This was the coming – the hearkening , if you will – of Solo Sting .
Not content to just sing and play bass anymore , Sting decided to add a few new weapons to his arsenal .
The guitar .
The piano .
And THE LUTE .
And then you get “ Fields of Gold ” a gentle , yet delicate song that transcends beauty in every pluck of the lute string .
But , it ’s by Sting , so I ’m not allowed to like it .
Quick crib note for anyone paying attention : listening to “ The Police ” = COOL .
Listening to Sting = NOT SO MUCH .
Sorry , Sting .
Seven : Invisible Touch .
( Genesis . )
“ She seems to have an invisible touch , YEAH !
She reaches in and grabs right hold of your heart ! ”
And , with those words , Phil Collins single - handedly destroyed the legacy that was Genesis , forcing Peter Gabriel to go all solo and weird .
But damn if it ai n’t catchy .
Six : The Power of Love . ( Huey Lewis and the News . )
Let ’s get one thing out of the way .
Huey Lewis is not cool .
Huey Lewis will never be cool .
Huey Lewis is the opposite of cool , and the News is just there to reiterate the fact .
Having said that …
“ The Power of Love ” IS cool .
Granted , it had the good fortune of appearing in a film ( “ Back to the Future ” ) that was and shall always be cool ( despite featuring Huey Lewis in a cameo acting – wait for it – uncool ) but that does n’t detract from the fact that this song is an anomaly .
It should n’t be cool – all power chords and inane lyrics - but it damn well is .
Maybe it ’s just because I associate it with skateboarding and time travel and Michael J. Fox …all cool , by the way .
Whatever it is , it is what it is .
Cool .
Five : Kiss From a Rose . ( Seal . )
Another soundtrack song makes the list , and , like “ The Power of Love ” , maybe I just have fond memories of it due to its association with BATMAN .
Albeit , in one of the worst Batman outings ever .
It ’s grandiose and corny and peppered with stupid lines like “ but did you know / when it snows / my eyes become large and the light that you shine can be seen ” which is barely even coherent .
Whatever though – it was in a BATMAN movie , and Seal could and still can emote like no other .
And , since I ’m sure this song had at least something to do with his hooking up with Heidi Klum , I can only assume that it ’ll work the same for me .
Karaoke , here I come !
Four : Karaoke Songs .
( Various , but mostly Journey and Bon Jovi . )
Karaoke , here I am !
This entry is less about the act of karaoke as it is about the songs people choose to karaoke with .
Songs that you would never find yourself listening to at home alone , or possibly even at a party , but dump a few cocktails down your throat and throw in a creepy dude with a microphone and songbook on hand , and suddenly you ’re singing every damn lyric without even glancing at the screen .
“ Living on a Prayer ” and “ Do n’t Stop Believing ” are usually the most well documented .
For instance :
Yeah .
Just like that .
Three : It ’s All Coming Back To Me Now .
( Celine Dion . )
This is what happens when you give Celine Dion a Meatloaf inspired song attached to a Meatloaf inspired theatrical video :
And it ’s AWESOME .
Two : Do You Really Want To Hurt Me. ( Culture Club . )
“ The Wedding Singer ” may have helped this one , but whatever .
This song was ALWAYS awesome .
It ’s a weird song ( to say the least ) that should probably come off as horrendously creepy , but somehow Boy George manages to sell it legitimately .
Nowadays however , with Boy George ’s recent drug woes and wrongful imprisonment of male escorts ( seriously ) , the song has achieved a darker tone , and has finally reached its destiny of being the weirdly creepy song we all knew it could be !
One : The Rose . ( Bette Midler . )
I ’ll let this one speak for itself :
“ Some say love it is a river
that drowns the tender reed
Some say love it is a razor
that leaves your soul to bleed
Some say love it is a hunger
an endless aching need
I say love it is a flower
and you it ’s only seed
It ’s the heart afraid of breaking
that never learns to dance
It ’s the dream afraid of wakingthat never takes the chance
It ’s the one who wo n’t be taken
who cannot seem to give
and the soul afraid of dyingthat never learns to live
When the night has been too lonely
and the road has been too long
and you think that love is only
for the lucky and the strong
Just remember in the winterfar beneath the bitter snows
lies the seed
that with the sun ’s love
in the spring
becomes the rose ”
Was anybody else singing along while reading that ?
Because god knows I was .
And I honestly do n’t even feel that guilty about this one .
Well .
That is that .
Stay tuned for more blog updates , where I hopefully discuss good music .
Although , seriously … some of these count .
Also , if any of these songs are now stuck in your head – or , god forbid , if ALL of them are stuck in your head , battling it out for supreme annoyingness – I personally shoulder none of the blame .
Stanford technology helps scholars get ' big picture ' of the Enlightenment
Researchers map thousands of letters exchanged in the 18th century 's " Republic of Letters " – and learn at a glance what it once took a lifetime of study to comprehend .
The road back to Paris was paved with letters .
Lots of them .
The author of Candide wrote about 15,000 during his 83 - year life , many from his base in Ferney , near the Swiss border .
Voltaire 's life was superbly successful – but it was a life with sorrows , too .
Voltaire ’s famously acerbic tongue caused his banishment on more than one occasion .
" His whole life , in a way , was an effort to get back to Paris , " said Dan Edelstein , assistant professor of French .
The French Enlightenment 's leading philosophe eventually achieved a pyrrhic victory , returning to Paris a few months before his death in 1778 .
So what does this correspondence have to do with the colorful images , lines and maps on the computer screen of the " collaboration room " in the Humanities Center ?
Edelstein , principal investigator for " Mapping the Republic of Letters " with history Professor Paula Findlen , has mapped thousands of letters that were exchanged during the period of the Enlightenment to uncover hidden truths about the " Republic of Letters . "
The latter is " a shorthand that scholars use to refer to writers and philosophers and clergymen and other early modern intellectuals who corresponded across Europe and even across the world , " said Edelstein .
On the computer screen , a map of Voltaire 's correspondence shows a complex geometry of red lines to major European cities – but the heavy yellow line , showing the most frequent correspondence – connects directly to the heart : Paris .
L. A. Cicero Dan Edelstein , Nicole Coleman and Paula Findlen have mapped thousands of pieces of correspondence for the Republic of Letters project .
The " Republic of Letters " project attracted a three - year Stanford Presidential Fund grant in 2008 , which awarded the project $ 60,000 a year , and earlier this month received $ 99,000 from the National Endowment for the Humanities .
Providing tools for scholars
" With this grant , we 'll be able to pull out significant data " that will " provide tools for scholars and the questions they want to ask , " said Nicole Coleman , the academic technology specialist for the Humanities Center and " technical lead " for the project .
She compares the three - year project to " standing up on a high mountaintop and seeing broad patterns . "
According to Edelstein , " We tend to think of networks as a modern invention , something that only emerged in the Age of Information .
In fact , going all the way back to the Renaissance , scholars have established themselves into networks in order to receive the latest news , find out the latest discoveries and circulate the ideas of others . "
" We 've known about these correspondences for a long time – some of them have been published – but no one has been able to piece together how these individual networks fit into a complete whole , something we call the Republic of Letters . "
There have been surprises .
For example , although Voltaire admired England for its tolerance , freedom and political institutions , surprisingly few letters actually went to England .
Was England more a mystique than a reality ?
" There are these mythical values attributed to certain places like England , but then when you look at what 's really happening and what ideas are circulating – it's nothing like what we thought it was , " said Edelstein .
Insights at a glance
" While you could have teased that out of the 20 volumes of Voltaire 's correspondence , " with GIS ( geographical information system ) mapping technology , you can see it at one glance .
" You immediately see that he is not corresponding with many people in England , not that many in Italy , and almost no one in Holland , " said Edelstein .
" This really reconfigures the map of Enlightenment Europe . "
Compare Voltaire 's efforts , for example , to those of the polymath Jesuit scholar Athanasius Kircher a century earlier ( the project collects letters from the late Renaissance , as well as the Enlightenment ) .
Findlen has described the early scientist as " the first scholar with a global reputation . "
His correspondence reached to China , India and the Americas .
The Republic of Letters " was also a remarkable institution because it was the first kind of peer review , " said Edelstein .
" These scholars were discussing each other 's work , they were evaluating each other 's methodologies .
They were able to produce scholarship that met the highest standards of excellence .
They were constantly encouraging each other . "
" This was a kind of separate state , a republic that had its own laws , its own governance .
It was not a monarchy , but represented a kind of ideal , a Platonic city for intellectuals , except that it stretched across cities , even continents . "
The project began at a Stanford conference in 2007 , where a group of scholars , including Edelstein , discussed their inability to get the " big picture " of the Republic of Letters .
Jeff Heer , an assistant professor of computer science , produced a visualization prototype with his class .
Oxford supplied the metadata for about 50,000 letters , allowing the project to go " beyond any of our expectations , " said Edelstein .
The project is currently negotiating to receive more data from other European sources .
It has all Benjamin Franklin 's correspondence , thanks to the Packard Humanities Project .
Caroline Winterer , an associate professor of history , said the project has allowed researchers to think about people like Voltaire , Kircher and Franklin " in the same historical space . "
Raising new questions
" We can begin to ask questions about them that were not necessarily apparent before , " she said .
For example , " when you have a rich , dense and geographically expansive correspondence network , " what exactly puts you at the hub ?
In other words , are you the leading light because you are a great thinker with provocative ideas ?
Or are you a good patron who can bring people together ?
Or is it that " you have goodies to give ? "
Surprisingly , said Winterer , Franklin 's chief attribute appears to have been that he had goodies to give .
Although he was a notable patron and renowned as an ideas man , " there were things he could do for people – like helping Americans in Europe with the smallest kinds of things . "
" All these things generate paperwork , " said Winterer – that is , much of Franklin 's correspondence had to deal with these utilitarian , often financial , matters .
For scholars , it means " we 're really filling out our picture of the way the Republic of Letters really worked . "
For a Franklin scholar , such as Winterer , it 's a bonanza .
" We all get excited about possibilities we 're seeing in other people 's networks , " she said .
" These kinds of collaborative activities have opened up new worlds for us . "
Media Contact
Cynthia Haven , Stanford News Service : ( 650 ) 724-6184 , [ email protected ]
Sorry Litl , but the FCC just spoiled your surprise party .
Described as " a web computer " running Litl OS ( sorry Microsoft ) , the 3.38 - pound Litl Easel ( built by FIC ) packs a 1.86GHz Atom Z540 processor beneath that 12.1 - inch 1280x800 pixel display , a meager 2GB of storage , 1GB of DDR2 memory , 802.11b/g WiFi , and webcam all powered by a 2600 MAh battery .
There 's also HDMI , a single USB jack , and an IR receiver for a Litl remote .
A dedicated baby - blue " Litl " key on the keyboard would appear to act like a home key that takes you back to the " Card View " home page .
Based on the description from the manual , the Litl OS will present information in stacks of cards : blue cards are " permanent " cards for the card catalog , family and friends , and settings ; white cards are web cards displayed in a Mozilla browser ; and black " channel " cards ( known as widgets everywhere else ) feature a Litl alarm clock , New York Times headline ticker , and weather channel .
And if the cutsie - wutsie factor of the Litl Easel is lost on you then perhaps the " best results if plugged in " label on the power brick will help drive the message home .
Litl already has a teaser page up so we expect this to launch Stateside sometime before the holidays .
Way to Miss the Point
Brian Doherty , in reviewing Michael Moore ’s “ Capitalism : A Love Story , ” makes this telling comment :
“ He loses the whole game when he asks a woman from the factory why the workers do n’t form a co-op and run it themselves .
They do n’t have the money , she explains ; they are n’t capitalists .
That ’s a benefit the wealthy provide to the working man that Moore wo n’t acknowledge . ”
I would n’t be surprised if Doherty thinks Moore is stupid .
But surely even he does n’t think Moore is so stupid as to be unaware that some people have money and others do n’t , or that people engaged in wage labor most likely do so because they do n’t have as much money as the people employing them .
As Basil Fawlty would say , I ’ll take the bleeding obvious for $ 500 , Alec .
A major part of Moore ’s critique of corporate capitalism hinges on the reasons that some people have so much money , and others have to work for them .
I ’m incredulous that Doherty could have sat through the movie without noticing that the concentration of wealth and polarization of income was an issue in its own right .
Moore ’s critique is muddled , sure enough .
But the question itself is entirely legitimate , and for Doherty to treat it as if it does n’t exist is just dumb .
Doherty regurgitates , as if he ’d only just thought of it himself for the first time today , one of the most complacent , one of the most unreflective — one of the dumbest — knee - jerk apologetics out there : “ Without rich capitalists , who would employ people ? ”
An analogue of Doherty eight hundred years ago might have asked , smugly : “ But without feudal landlords providing land to work on , how would the peasants be able to feed themselves ? ”
A parallel Doherty in the old Soviet system , the same sort of Hegelian enthusiast for the rationality of the real in the context of a state planned economy , might have similarly taunted disgruntled Soviet workers on their dependence on state industrial ministries to “ provide ” them with the “ benefit ” of employment .
I can imagine a parallel Doherty crowing , similarly , in response to antebellum slaves ’ admission that they lacked the capital to buy out the plantation and run it themselves .
This is not to say , by any means , that the cases are parallel , or that modern workers are under the same constraints as slaves .
The point is that to take labor ’s dependence on capital as a legitimization of capital ’s position , without first examining the brute facts of the background power relationship , is just plain stupid .
In all these cases , the obvious question — never addressed by any of the class systems ’ analogues of Doherty — is why .
Why is the feudal landlord , the state manager , the corporation , in a position to provide the only available jobs ?
Why do those working for such employers lack the capital to employ themselves ?
Doherty ’s argument — if you can call it that — presumes three things as just given , part of the natural state of affairs : 1 ) the concentration of capital in the hands of a few absentee investors , 2 ) the lack of same on the workers ’ part , and 3 ) a production model that requires massive capital investment in product - specific assets .
That the working classes might have been systematically robbed by Enclosures and other land expropriations , that the state might have barred access to vacant and unimproved land , that the state might have raised entry barriers to the aggregation of capital outside the existing finance system — that the state has systematically impeded the bargaining power of labor and shifted income upward — never occurs to Doherty .
That the state has systematically promoted a particular industrial model at the expense of others , and thus artificially raised the capital outlays needed to enter the market , likewise never occurs to him .
Aside from all the rest that ’s wrong with Doherty ’s “ argument , ” it assumes an archaic finance model that really applies only to startups : a manufacturing corporation gets its “ capital ” from sales of stock and loans .
In fact , of course , the overwhelming majority of most large corporations ’ investments are funded by retained earnings .
And the “ capitalists ” who actually make the decisions are managers pretending to represent the shareholders when they ’re really just a self - perpetuating oligarchy in control of a mass of capital with ( de facto ) no real outside owner .
The parallel with the Oskar Lange model of market socialism back in the ’ 20s ( endorsed both by Frederick Taylor and Joseph Schumpeter , by the way ) is interesting .
Mises argued that it would be simply playing with markets , because the manager of a market socialist firm would n’t be risking money he contributed himself .
But that is , in fact , pretty much the position of corporate management in the West .
They did n’t contribute the capital stock of the corporation ; they ’re gambling money accumulated at no cost to themselves .
So if they get a multimillion bonus this quarter and then run the company into the ground , they ’re not only out nothing themselves , but ahead several million dollars .
Hence the perverse incentives to go for big wins , with no regard to the possible downside .
Hence the perverse incentives to game the quarterly numbers , even at the expense of gutting long - term productivity .
Exactly the kind of irrational allocation of capital that Mises said Lange ’s market socialism would lead to , in other words .
Doherty , in praising the corporation for giving the workers crutches for their broken legs , should n’t forget the extent to which the system depends on — and profits from — the systematic breaking of legs .
1 .
It may be too late to save any future Senate hearings on Supreme Court nominations from farce , as the Judge Sonia Sotomayor hearings quickly became .
She is an excellently qualified nominee and will make a careful , thorough justice .
1
She demonstrated her clarity and technical skill in correcting several senators ’ misunderstandings of constitutional issues and explaining the facts of a large number of her own lower court and recent Supreme Court decisions to them .
Her personal history is remarkable — from a poor South Bronx family she became a Princeton summa graduate and an editor of TheYale Law Journal .
Her long judicial and extrajudicial record suggests that she is markedly less driven by ideology and more respectful of technical legal argument than Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Samuel Alito seemed before their nominations and have shown themselves to be once on the Court .
Her hearings could therefore have been a particularly valuable opportunity to explain the complexity of constitutional issues to the public and thus improve public understanding of this crucially important aspect of our government .
But she destroyed any possibility of that benefit in her opening statement when she proclaimed , and repeated at every opportunity throughout the hearings , that her constitutional philosophy is very simple : fidelity to the law .
That empty statement perpetuated the silly and democratically harmful fiction that a judge can interpret the key abstract clauses of the United States Constitution without making controversial judgments of political morality in the light of his or her own political principles .
Fidelity to law , as such , cannot be a constitutional philosophy because a judge needs a constitutional philosophy to decide what the law is .
The constitutional provisions that provoke the most controversial Supreme Court decisions are drafted in abstract moral language : the Constitution refers to “ due process of law , ” “ equal protection of the laws , ” “ cruel and unusual ” punishment , the “ right ” of free speech , the “ free ” exercise of religion , and the “ right ” to “ bear arms , ” for example .
Some lawyers , including Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas , insist that we can interpret these clauses and apply them to concrete contemporary cases by asking a historical question :
What did those who wrote that language , and the citizens they spoke to , assume the clauses meant ?
But that conservative theory can itself be defended only by appealing to highly controversial political principles about the nature of democracy and about the role of intention in constitutional interpretation .
The theory is unhelpful anyway because the authors of the abstract clauses almost certainly intended to say what their words naturally mean : they meant to forbid any law that denies equal status to all citizens , which is very different from forbidding any law they themselves thought denies equal status .
The clauses , read literally , therefore require interpreters to develop what they believe to be the best theory of equal citizenship , which is not necessarily the theory of the framers .
The same Congress that approved …
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Comcast Corp struck a deal to buy a majority stake in NBC Universal from General Electric
Co , creating a media superpower that would control not just how television shows and movies are made , but how they are delivered to the home .
The news ticker outside the Today Show announces GE 's sale of NBC to Comcast , in New York , December 3 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Chip East
The deal had been discussed for months and brought to light deep divisions over the future of the media business , with some lauding Comcast Chief Executive Officer Brian Roberts as a visionary and others calling it the most foolhardy acquisition since AOL bought Time Warner in 2001 .
In a world where the Internet has disrupted traditional media , Comcast wants NBC Universal so it can deliver programing to audiences however they may want it -- through TV sets , personal computers or mobile devices .
Not only is Comcast the largest U.S. cable distributor , it also is the leading Internet service provider to homes .
But critics of the deal , including some Comcast investors , suggest there is too little overlap between the businesses to draw out meaningful savings , and that competition regulators are bound to burden it with restrictions .
Moreover , big media deals rarely work , they say , pointing to Time Warner Inc ’s breakup as an example .
Once the world ’s biggest media company , Time Warner has spun off Time Warner Cable Inc and will soon do the same with AOL .
“ There ’s no question that you really have a great little test tube here because you have one large company that said this is absolutely not the thing to do , ” said veteran media dealmaker Barry Diller , CEO of IAC / InterActive Corp .
“ And you have another company that said it ’s exactly the thing to do , ” he told the Reuters Global Media Summit .
“ So it ’s going to be an interesting comparison over time . ”
Comcast ’s shares have fallen 11 percent since reports of the deal talks first surfaced in September .
The stock rose 6.5 percent to $ 15.91 on Thursday , after Comcast unveiled the transaction and raised its dividend 40 percent -- a move analysts said was aimed at appeasing shareholders .
“ We ’re still very unsure about the value created from this deal , ” said Collins Stewart analyst Thomas Eagan .
“ They definitely heard concerns on Wall Street over the past couple of weeks about the deal inhibiting their ability to buy back shares or increase their dividends , ” he said .
The deal calls for Comcast to contribute $ 6.5 billion in cash , its own cable TV networks and other assets in return for a 51 percent stake in NBC Universal , owner of TV networks , a movie studio and theme parks .
GE will keep a 49 percent stake .
The companies said that NBC Universal ’s businesses have been valued at $ 30 billion .
The Comcast businesses that will be part of the deal -- including E ! , Versus , the Golf Channel and 10 regional sports networks -- are valued at $ 7.25 billion .
Once adjustments are made for debt , the new venture would have an equity value of about $ 28 billion , the companies said .
That would give it three times the market value of CBS Corp or Discovery Communications Inc , and nearly as much as Rupert Murdoch ’s $ 33 billion News Corp .
Walt Disney Co at $ 57 billion remains the biggest media company .
SUN VALLEY TALKS
The deal culminates negotiations that began last spring , nearly collapsed several times along the way , and were kept secret from even top level NBC Universal executives until September , when news reports of the talks surfaced .
GE also had to secure Vivendi SA ’s agreement to sell its 20 percent stake in NBC Universal for $ 5.8 billion .
That was in doubt until GE CEO Jeff Immelt jetted off to Paris for a sit - down with Vivendi , after attending a state dinner hosted by U.S. President Barack Obama .
Immelt , who for years showed no public interest in selling NBC Universal , only began seriously considering a deal with Comcast after a March breakfast meeting with JPMorgan banker James Lee , according to a source close to the talks .
As reported by the New York Times , and confirmed by the source , talks included a July meeting in Sun Valley , Idaho involving Immelt , Comcast Chief Operating Officer Steve Burke , and Ralph Roberts , who founded the cable company in 1963 and passed the reins to son Brian in 2002 .
A similar cast of executives now must make their case to U.S. regulators , who are certain to hear complaints from consumer groups , before the deal closes .
Comcast said it hopes regulatory approval would come in nine to 12 months .
Once completed , the deal will allow GE to concentrate on its industrial business , and could be the first step in a full break with NBC Universal , ending a relationship that stretches back to the dawn of television .
GE can redeem half its stake in the venture after 3 1/2 years , and the rest after seven years , subject to conditions .
The joint venture will be headed by current NBC Universal Chief Executive Jeff Zucker , who helped build the company ’s valuable cable business , but has also presided over a prolonged slump at its flagship broadcast network .
These days , NBC regularly finishes last in the prime - time ratings race , having never recovered from the loss of hits including “ Seinfeld ” and “ Friends . ”
Zucker has tried to cut programing costs , abandoning dramas at 10 p.m. in favor of Jay Leno ’s poorly rated , though inexpensive , comedy - talk show .
HOLLYWOOD AND HULU
But Comcast ’s interest has less to do with NBC than with cable networks like MSNBC or USA , and its digital business .
The digital jewel is video site Hulu.com .
Having a stake in that will help Comcast sidestep a big concern for cable companies -- namely , that users may start cutting subscriptions if they can see their favorite shows online for free .
The deal can also help Comcast offer blockbuster films on movie - on - demand channels ahead of a DVD release .
The idea is that since it will own NBC Universal ’s movies , Comcast could narrow the traditional “ window ” between a movie ’s theatrical run and its release for home entertainment .
It is not the first time Comcast has made a play to add movies and TV shows to its business .
In 2004 , Comcast ’s Roberts launched a hostile and audacious $ 54 billion bid to buy Walt Disney -- but in that case , he ultimately failed .
Morgan Stanley , UBS and Bank of America - Merrill Lynch gave financial advice to Comcast , while JPMorgan , Goldman Sachs and Citi advised GE .
Shares of Comcast rose 97 cents to $ 15.91 on the Nasdaq , while GE fell 7 cents to $ 16.00 on the NYSE .
This morning , the Bureau of Labor Statistics ( BLS ) released the November Employment Report .
The unemployment rate edged down to 10.0 percent in November , and nonfarm payroll employment was essentially unchanged ( - 11,000 ) , the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics reported today .
In the prior 3 months , payroll job losses had averaged 135,000 a month .
In November , employment fell in construction , manufacturing , and information , while temporary help services and health care added jobs ..
Establishment Data
click on chart for sharper image
Highlights
11,000 jobs were lost in total vs. 190,000 jobs last month .
27,000 construction jobs were lost vs. 62,000 last month .
41,000 manufacturing jobs were lost vs. 61,000 last month .
58,000 service providing jobs were added vs. 61,000 lost last month .
vs. 61,000 lost last month .
15,000 retail trade jobs were lost vs. 40,000 last month .
86,000 professional and business services jobs were added vs. 18,000 added last month .
vs. 18,000 added last month .
40,000 education and health services jobs were added vs. 45,000 added last month .
vs. 45,000 added last month .
11,000 leisure and hospitality jobs were lost vs. 37,000 last month .
07,000 government jobs were added vs. 0 added last month .
A total of 69,000 goods producing jobs were lost ( higher paying jobs ) .
Index of Aggregate Weekly Hours
Birth Death Model Revisions 2008
Birth Death Model Revisions 2009
Birth / Death Model Revisions
BLS Black Box
The net birth / death model component figures are unique to each month and exhibit a seasonal pattern that can result in negative adjustments in some months .
These models do not attempt to correct for any other potential error sources in the CES estimates such as sampling error or design limitations .
Note that the net birth / death figures are not seasonally adjusted , and are applied to not seasonally adjusted monthly employment links to determine the final estimate .
The most significant potential drawback to this or any model - based approach is that time series modeling assumes a predictable continuation of historical patterns and relationships and therefore is likely to have some difficulty producing reliable estimates at economic turning points or during periods when there are sudden changes in trend .
Household Data
In November , both the number of unemployed persons , at 15.4 million , and the unemployment rate , at 10.0 percent , edged down .
At the start of the recession in December 2007 , the number of unemployed persons was 7.5 million , and the jobless rate was 4.9 percent .
Among the major worker groups , unemployment rates for adult men ( 10.5 percent ) , adult women ( 7.9 percent ) , teenagers ( 26.7 percent ) , whites ( 9.3 percent ) , blacks ( 15.6 percent ) , and Hispanics ( 12.7 percent ) showed little change in November .
The unemployment rate for Asians was 7.3 percent , not seasonally adjusted .
The civilian labor force participation rate was little changed over the month at 65.1 percent .
The employment - population ratio continued to decline in October , falling to 58.5 percent .
The number of people working part time for economic reasons ( sometimes referred to as involuntary part - time workers ) was little changed in November at 9.2 million .
These individuals were working part time because their hours had been cut back or because they were unable to find a full - time job .
Persons Not in the Labor Force
About 2.3 million persons were marginally attached to the labor force in November , an increase of 376,000 from a year earlier .
( The data are not seasonally adjusted . )
These individuals were not in the labor force , wanted and were available for work , and had looked for a job sometime in the prior 12 months .
They were not counted as unemployed because they had not searched for work in the 4 weeks preceding the survey .
Among the marginally attached , there were 808,000 discouraged workers in October , up from 484,000 a year earlier .
( The data are not seasonally adjusted . )
Discouraged workers are persons not currently looking for work because they believe no jobs are available for them .
The other 1.6 million persons marginally attached to the labor force in October had not searched for work in the 4 weeks preceding the survey for reasons such as school attendance or family responsibilities .
Table A - 5 Part Time Status
The key take - away from this series are the millions of workers whose hours will rise before companies start hiring more workers .
Table A - 12
Grim Statistics
Table A
Explaining The Drop In Unemployment Rate
dropped
One of the mysteries of the AIDS epidemic is that a small number of female prostitutes in Africa seem resistant to the virus that causes the disease even though they often have sex with infected men .
Despite an intensive search for immunologic explanations , none have been found .
Now an even more baffling finding has turned up in a study of 1,900 prostitutes in Nairobi , Kenya .
Four of them became infected with H.I.V. , the virus that causes AIDS , but only after they stopped working as prostitutes or took breaks of two months or more , leaders of the study reported at the Seventh Conference on Retroviruses and Opportunistic Infections , which ended here today .
Scientists cannot explain this seeming paradox but say the answer could affect development of an AIDS vaccine .
The prostitutes work in a Nairobi slum .
In 1984 , researchers from the University of Nairobi and the University of Manitoba in Winnipeg , Canada , began to study and treat the women 's sexually transmitted diseases .
After a report on Tuesday indicated that a pro-life group was planning to protest Sarah Palin , the former Alaska governor ’s political action committee did its best to muffle the damage .
But unlike Vegas — where secrets can often stay secret — whatever is scrubbed from the Internet does not remain scrubbed from the Internet .
Mother Jones ‘s Stephanie Mencimer reported Tuesday ,
ADVERTISEMENT
For the Denver - based American Right to Life , when it comes to abortion , Palin is as impure as any godless feminist .
“ [ H ] er words and actions prove that she is officially pro-choice and stands against the God - given right to life of the unborn , ” they write in a new report .
ARTL members plan to educate reporters about Palin ’s many alleged failings as a true believer , particularly her March nomination of a former Planned Parenthood board member to the Alaska Supreme Court and her refusal to call for a ban on the morning - after pill .
“ Apparently ARTL has hit a nerve with the Palin campaign , ” Mencimer reports Wednesday .
“ Less than 24 hours after the group posted the report , Palin ’s political action committee , SarahPAC , scrubbed its website of any mention of the court appointment .
( Palin had issued a news release about it earlier this year . ) ”
Mencimer adds , “ Fortunately , ARTL cached the web page and it ’s now available for the ages here . ”
During Monday ’s interview , Sarah Palin told Oprah Winfrey that after she learned her son had Down ’s syndrome she understood why some women would choose to have an abortion :
“ It was easy to understand why a woman would feel that it ’s easier to just do away with some less - than - ideal circumstances , to do away with the problem . ”
In the end , however , Palin said that the pregnancy reaffirmed her pro-life position .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It also , though , really solidified my position that , yep , there are less than ideal circumstances in so many of our lives .
It ’s how we will react to those circumstances , how we will plow through them and make the most of what we ’ve been given , ” Palin told Winfrey .
This video is from ABC ’s Oprah Winfrey Show , broadcast Nov. 16 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
ADVERTISEMENT
Full American RTL press release follows :
####
Christian Group Questions Palin ’s Pro-life Credentials
DENVER , Nov. 16 /PRNewswire -USNewswire / — A political 527 group , which claims responsibility for derailing Mitt Romney ’s presidential hopes in 2008 in the early - contest states of Iowa and South Carolina , is now targeting Sarah Palin .
But for what ?
ADVERTISEMENT
ProlifeProfiles.com , created by a nationwide research team working for American Right To Life , is being launched today highlighting Sarah Palin ’s surprisingly extensive and unflattering record on abortion .
As Palin ’s “ Going Rogue ” is being published , Darrell Birkey , research director for American RTL Action , said that if rogue “ still means misleading and unreliable , then we should add Palin ’s entire book to her dossier at ProlifeProfiles.com . ”
In 2007 the nation ’s oldest “ RTL ” group , Colorado Right To Life , then a state affiliate of National RTL , issued a press release : “ Rift Opens in Christian Right . ”
Two and a half years later , that rift has become a chasm .
Thirty - three states have followed Colorado ’s lead from last year and against the wishes of the old - guard pro-life industry are pursuing “ Personhood ” amendments and legislation , most working with Denver - based Personhood USA .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ When Romney exited the race , ” said Lolita Hanks , nurse practitioner and spokeswoman for American RTL , “ we announced , ‘ No longer will National RTL be able to give fraudulent 100 % pro-life ratings to Republican pro-choice candidates without being exposed nationally . ' ”
Opening that rift to the right , a coalition of pro-life organizations including Colorado RTL , Human Life International , Operation Rescue National / OSA , American Life League , and the founders of American RTL , published full - page newspaper ads addressed to Dr. James Dobson of Focus on the Family requesting help to restore truth and integrity to the pro-life movement .
Pro-lifers can find reports on Dr. Dobson , Mitt Romney , Alan Keyes , George W. Bush , and many other leaders at ProlifeProfiles.com .
“ Sarah Palin has presidential ambition , but she ’ll have to get serious about protecting the innocent , ” said Birkey , “ because this time around , there ’s a personhood movement that will expose the pro-abortion record of pretend pro-life candidates . ”
####
The Goldman put
From the NYT on the remarkable profitability of Goldman Sachs
A big reason for Goldman Sachs ’s blowout profits this year has been the willingness of its traders to take big risks — they have put more money on the line while other banks that suffered last year have reined in such moves .
Executives say there are big strategic gaps opening up between banks on Wall Street that are taking on more risks , and those that are treading a safer path .
Hmm .
I ’d be willing to take big risks if I knew the Fed and the US Treasury were standing by , ready to pick up all my losing bets .
In the circumstances , the guys at GS doubtless stand amazed at their own moderation in creaming off a mere $ 20 billion for the year .
Looking at this more seriously , the effect of the crisis has been to drastically weaken US financial regulation .
In place of the Greenspan put , a generalized commitment to protect the financial sector from the consequences of its own bad behavior , we have the Goldman put , where a single firm runs the show , in the general manner of the United Fruit Company .
This kind of situation is ideally suited to the rhetorical and forensic talents of Glenn Greenwald , and he does n’t disappoint .
GIS Day is November 20 , 2002 and is part of the Geography Awareness Week ( November 18 - 22 , 2002 ) .
The National Geographic Society has sponsored Geography Awareness Week , founded in 1987 , to promote geographic literacy in schools , communities , and organizations , with a focus on the education of children .
Geography is a science that enables us to find answers to questions about the world around us , about where things are and how and why they got there .
The sister - in - law of the woman who killed herself and seven others when she hit another car head - on while driving the wrong way on the Taconic State Parkway in July , told investigators that the woman smoked marijuana regularly and was a heavy drinker , according to a lawyer for the family of two of the victims .
The statement directly contradicts comments about the woman , Diane Schuler , by her husband , Daniel Schuler .
Mr. Schuler has said that his wife did not drink and was not an alcoholic , though he did tell investigators that on July 24  two days before the crash  he and his wife had a few drinks at a campsite upstate .
He also said his wife used marijuana only occasionally .
The authorities revealed the statement by Ms. Schuler ’s sister - in - law , Joan Schuler , to the victims ’ families on Friday , said Irving Anolik , a lawyer for the family of Michael Bastardi and his son Guy , both of whom died when Diane Schuler ran into their sport utility vehicle .
He said the information was provided by the Westchester County district attorney ’s office .
The statement was first reported by The New York Post .
“ Joan Schuler said that the deceased smoked marijuana virtually every single day of her life , ” Mr. Anolik said .
“ She thought that that was much better than every other medicine ; she considered it a type of medicine to keep her calm . ”
I had a quick go at writing a little chat server using Node.js .
I really like Node ’s style .
I ’ve got to say that Javascript suits the evented / non-blocking model really well .
Javascript is actually a pretty cool little language .
Getting started with Node.js was really easy .
For me it was as simple as :
git clone git://github.com/ry/node.git cd node ./ configure make sudo make install .. save the code below as chat.js node chat.js .. clients can then connect with netcat .
eg nc localhost 7000
Here ’s the code , feedback is welcome . :-)
var net = require ( " net " ) ; Array .
prototype .
remove = function ( e ) { for ( var i = 0 ; i < this .
length ; i + + ) { if ( e = = this [ i ] ) { return this .
splice ( i , 1 ) ; } } } ; function Client ( stream ) { this .
name = null ; this .
stream = stream ; } var clients = [ ] ; var server = net .
createServer ( function ( stream ) { var client = new Client ( stream ) ; clients .
push ( client ) ; stream .
setTimeout ( 0 ) ; stream .
setEncoding ( " utf8 " ) ; stream .
addListener ( " connect " , function ( ) { stream .
write ( " Welcome , enter your username :
" ) ; } ) ; stream .
addListener ( " data " , function ( data ) { if ( client .
name = = null ) { client .
name = data .
match ( / \S + / ) ; stream .
write ( " ===========
" ) ; clients .
forEach ( function ( c ) { if ( c ! = client ) { c . stream .
write ( client .
name + " has joined .
" ) ; } } ) ; return ; } var command = data .
match ( / ^ \ / ( . * ) / ) ; if ( command ) { if ( command [ 1 ] = = ' users ' ) { clients .
forEach ( function ( c ) { stream .
write ( " - " + c . name + "
" ) ; } ) ; } else if ( command [ 1 ] = = ' quit ' ) { stream .
end ( ) ; } return ; } clients .
forEach ( function ( c ) { if ( c ! = client ) { c . stream .
write ( client .
name + " : " + data ) ; } } ) ; } ) ; stream .
addListener ( " end " , function ( ) { clients .
remove ( client ) ; clients .
forEach ( function ( c ) { c . stream .
write ( client .
name + " has left .
" ) ; } ) ; stream .
end ( ) ; } ) ; } ) ; server .
listen ( 7000 ) ;
EDIT : Updated to match latest Node.js
Also , I wrote a CoffeeScript version .
( A customer comes up to me with a knitted poncho . )
Customer : “ Excuse me , is this 100 % wool ? ”
Me : “ No , it ’s 100 % acrylic . ”
Customer : “ Are you sure ?
It feels like wool . ”
Me : “ It does , but it is acrylic .
I saw the tag before it came off . ”
Customer : “ But it feels so much like the scarf I ’m wearing right now , and that one is 100 % wool .
It even smells like wool .
Smell it ! ”
Me : “ Um , my nose is n’t good enough to distinguish between wool and acrylic .
I ’m sorry . ”
Customer : “ No , smell it !
Then , smell my scarf . ” * sniffs both the poncho and scarf * “ See , they smell the same . ”
Me : “ Okay , I ’ll take your word for it . ”
Customer : “ No , smell my scarf .
Smell it ! ”
Me : “ Uh … ”
Customer : “ SMELL MY SCARF ! ”
The full portrait - A4 [ 8 MB ]
The full portrait - A3 [ 8 MB ]
Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here
To mark the end of the first decade of the century , the Magazine has been asking readers to tell the story of the past 10 years , based on five themes .
Here are our top 100 things that define the Noughties .
Is it really possible to sum up a decade ?
WHAT IS 'PORTRAIT OF THE DECADE ' ALL ABOUT ?
We asked readers to help us to create a portrait of the decade people , news stories , Each day last week we focused on a different theme - words objects and culture
An expert picked 20 of each
Portrait of the Decade guidelines
With the help of thousands of readers , maybe it is .
Last week , we asked readers to send in their suggestions for the words , people , events , objects and cultural highlights which they thought defined the Noughties .
Our panel of five independent experts considered all the suggestions and each has drawn up a list of 20 .
The results below give a snapshot of who and what has shaped the last 10 years .
Technology , celebrity culture and environmentalism are dominant themes .
There 's also a downloadable poster - a portrait of the decade - depicting all 100 things , by illustrator Chris Bianchi .
You can download the PDF at the top of this page .
You can see how the website 's international audience told their story of the decade here .
The final 20
9/11
24/7
Bling
Blog
Credit crunch
Chav
Facebooking
Fairtrade
Footprint
i-
lol
Meh
Obamamania
Pandemic
Slumdog
Sustainability
Truthiness
Tweet
WAG
War on terror
Lexicographer Susie Dent
" This is not really about individual words and phrases , but much more about their resonances .
War on Terror and 9/11 are packed full of associations that are still ringing loudly today .
Bling and WAG neatly convey our love / hate relationship with the celebrities who have dominated both the real world and the virtual one .
And the importance of the latter in the Noughties was huge , as the choices of i , blog , and tweet testify .
Even chav owed its new ( sour ) breath of life to a website , from which it was propelled into the limelight like no other word this century . "
The final 20
David Beckham
L/ Corp Johnson Beharry
Osama Bin Laden
Tony Blair
George W Bush
Shami Chakrabarti
Simon Cowell
Roger Federer
Norman Foster
Stephen Fry
Bill Gates
Jade Goody
Brian Haw
Rupert Murdoch
Barack Obama
Jamie Oliver
Larry Page and Sergey Brin
David Tennant
Jane Tomlinson
Jimmy Wales
Team from Who's Who
" Most of the people we thought would come up did indeed appear .
Technology has been a huge revelation of this decade and that 's why Page and Brin , Wales and Gates are there .
And whether you like her or not , Goody had a huge impact on the media and on ordinary people .
Fry has raised his profile considerably through his influential tweeting .
It was interesting that readers wanted members of the British Armed Forces to be honoured - we think that L / Cpl Beharry has come to embody that valour demonstrated by UK soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan . "
The final 20
Danish cartoons controversy
Death of Dr David Kelly
Death of Michael Jackson
Disappearance of Madeleine McCann
England win the Ashes 2005
Final Harry Potter book
Fuel strikes 2000
Human Genome Project
Indian Ocean tsunami
Iraq War
John Darwin , missing canoeist
Launch of Big Brother
Launch of Wikipedia
London bombings 2005
MPs ' expenses scandal
Northern Ireland power - sharing
Run on Northern Rock
September 11th 2001
Smoking ban
Usain Bolt at Beijing Olympics
Author Tim Footman
" I was surprised by a few omissions , the Large Hadron Collider , for example .
But these 20 stories offer a pretty good snapshot of what occupied our minds in Britain in the past 10 years , and remind us of some events we may have forgotten .
Some of these stories are potent because of what they represent : the Northern Rock crisis was a local response to global financial troubles ; the Danish cartoons provoked questions about culture , religion , integration and free speech ; the death of Dr Kelly opened up all sorts of conspiracy theories , as well as acting as a focus for discontent with the Iraq war .
And some events - like the missing canoeist - have no real subtext .
It 's the stories themselves that matter . "
The final 20
Bag for life
BlackBerry
Bling jewellery
Bluetooth earpiece
Credit card
Flat - screen TVs
Gherkin ( London 's Swiss Re building )
Hair straighteners
High - visibility vest
Hoody
i Pod
Organic vegetable box
Oystercard
Playstation3
Sat-nav
Sky + box
Toyota Prius
Ugg boots
Wheelie bin
Wind turbine
Author Peter York
" There were lots of ' boys ' toys ' suggested , but I 've tried to make a choice broader than technology .
It 's good to see flat - screen televisions in there , they really took over the living rooms .
Hair straighteners revolutionised women's hair and popularised the Atomic Kitten look , while the Toyota Prius symbolises the way people started making environmental gestures .
Everyone was talking about hoodies for a while , because of David Cameron 's [ hug a hoody ] comments and the fear of young criminals .
I chose Sky + because it changed my life and the way I view television . "
The final 20
Black Watch ( play )
Box sets
Curb your Enthusiasm
Live opera beamed into cinemas
Liverpool as European Capital Of Culture
Lord of the Rings trilogy
From Dome to O2 Arena
Rise of music festivals
Return of Doctor Who
Simon Bolivar Youth Orchestra at the Proms
Spotify
St Pancras station reopening
Strictly Come Dancing
Sultan 's Elephant
Television on - demand
The God Delusion by Richard Dawkins
The Office
The Thick of It
The Wire
YouTube
Jasper Rees , editor of The Arts Desk
" My choices reflect a yearning for control and escape in an increasingly uncertain world .
A decade defined by polarised attitudes to religion was most passionately explored in Black Watch , a play about Scottish soldiers in Iraq , and Richard Dawkins 's polemic disproving God 's existence .
On screen , drama fed a hankering for fantasy in Doctor Who and Lord of the Rings , and the can - do wish - fulfilment of the talent show .
Big thinking in the Noughties produced great buildings , huge festivals , staggering public art and big ideas , none more moving than a Latin American youth orchestra which opened eyes and ears .
But the biggest idea was the new freedom to create your own cultural environment , through downloading , streaming and posting . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
' Scissor Sister ' Frankie Sandford steals the limelight from her Saturdays bandmates with her revealing cut - out dress
With Girls Aloud on hiatus and Sugababes going through a controversial line - up change , it 's perfect timing for newcomers The Saturdays to establish themselves as Britain 's biggest girl group .
So what better way to get your group publicity than to turn up at an awards ceremony in a show - stopping dress .
Saturdays singer Frankie Sandford left little to the imagination as she flashed the flesh in a tiny silver sequinned dress with cut - out sections .
Scissor sister : The Saturdays singer Frankie Sandford flashed the flesh in a cut - out silver sequinned mini-dress at the Variety Club Awards
Cheeky : Sandford flashes her behind in her risque dress
The random cut - out sections looked like someone had been hacking at the outfit with a pair of scissors .
Joking about her ensemble on her Twitter micro-blogging page after returning home from the party , she wrote : ' Met some awesome people tonight !
night night ..... I am now fully clothed as opposed to before !
ha . '
The 20 - year - old singer managed to steal the limelight from her four bandmates and celebrity beauties including Kelly Brook and Alesha Dixon as her risque dress gave onlookers a glimpse of her pert behind .
The brunette singer firmly shook off her S Club Juniors past with the revealing outfit as she arrived at the Variety Club 's Showbiz Awards .
All that glitters : Sandford with her Saturdays bandmates ( L - R ) Una Healy , Rochelle Wiseman , Vanessa White and Mollie King
While Sandford 's dress was the most revealing of the night , her bandmates did n't disappoint when it came to their red carpet ensembles .
Oldest bandmate Una Healy , 28 , looked colourful in a pink sequinned T - shirt dress , while Sandford 's former S Club bandmate Rochelle Wiseman , 20 , showed off her cleavage in a black mini-dress with plunging neckline .
Pint - sized bandmate Vanessa
White , 20 , looked pretty in a silver prom dress , while blonde Mollie King , 22 , wore a white bodice dress .
The group were in attendance to present Spandau Ballet with the Outstanding Contribution to Popular Music award at the Grosvenor House Hotel ceremony .
Glamour : Kelly Brook played it safe in a simple blue dress
Leggy : Alesha Dixon flashed her fabulous legs in gold mini-skirt and bronze bandeau top
While evidently glamorous , model Brook stayed away from her usual scene - stealing red carpet gowns and wore a simple blue asymmetrical dress and Christian Louboutin heels .
Fresh from her Strictly Come Dancing judging duties the night before , Dixon showed off her legs in a gold mini-skirt and bronze bandeau top as she was unveiled as the face of the Variety Club Gold Hearts Appeal .
She said : ' I 've been involved with the Variety Club for quite a while as I 'm the face of the Gold Hearts Appeal 2010 .
' I 've a little brother who 's disabled so it 's a charity that 's close to my heart .
I think what they do is fantastic so I was honoured to be asked . '
Floor - length glamour : Award winner Pixie Lott ( left ) and GMTV presenter Emma Crosby went for long dresses
Shunning her usual mini-dresses and shorts , teen singer Pixie Lott went for floor - length glamour in a black satin dress .
The 18 - year - old Mama Do singer picked up the Caron Keating Breakthrough Talent Award .
Other winners at last night 's ceremony was Sir Ian McKellen , Simon Cowell and Kevin Spacey .
McKellen , 70 , was presented with The Bernard Delfont Award for Outstanding Contribution to Showbusiness by his Waiting For Godot co-star Patrick Stewart .
Joining in the party : Britain 's Got Talent singer Faryl Smith ( left ) won the classical award , while Dame Kelly Holmes showed her support
Speaking ahead of his award , he said : ' There are some awards being given but thank goodness it 's not an award show where lists are drawn up to see if the name is finally drawn out of the hat .
There 's much less tension here and people are just out having a good time and celebrating . '
Frost / Nixon actor Michael Sheen won Film Actor of the Year , while comedian Michael McIntyre received the Comedy Award .
Other stars at the ceremony included Dame Kelly Holmes , Sir Ben Kingsley , GMTV presenter Emma Crosby , Strictly couple Joe Calzaghe and Kristina Rihanoff .
The annual show raises funds for The Variety Club which helps sick , disabled and disadvantaged children and young people .
Still going strong : Former Strictly Come Dancing couple Joe Calzaghe and Kristina Rihanoff Triumph : Sir Ian McKellen ( left ) was presented with his award by friend and Waiting For Godot co-star Patrick Stewart
And the winners are ...
Best TV Judge : Simon Cowell
Outstanding Contribution to Showbusiness : Sir Ian McKellen
Film Actor of the Year : Michael Sheen
Outstanding Contribution to British Theatre : Kevin Spacey
Caron Keating Breakthrough Talent Award : Pixie Lott
Outstanding Contribution to Popular Music : Spandau Ballet
Television Presenter of the Year : Justin Lee Collins
Classical Artist of the Year : Faryl Smith
Comedian of the Year : Michael McIntyre
Italian rider delighted with the success of his motocross event , organised for the benefit of young leukaemia sufferers .
Watch the free video on motogp.com now .
Valentino Rossi was extremely pleased with the outcome of the motocross event he organised in Cavallara on Sunday , as more than 10,000 attendees helped make the day a great success .
The event , titled ‘ motocross dei Campioni , 30 anni dopo ’ , was won by Andrea Dovizioso , with other Italian riders such as Marco Melandri , Loris Capirossi , Marco Simoncelli and Mattia Pasini , as well as 125 cc World Champion Julián Simón and former 500 cc title holder Kevin Schwantz also participating .
Arranged by the 2009 MotoGP World Champion to raise funds for a children ’s hospital based in Pesaro which helps leukaemia sufferers , Rossi was overjoyed with the turnout in numbers .
“ This was important because it was a charity event for children .
We are thrilled by the response , and it is exciting to see all these people here in Cavallara .
It ’s also nice to compete with the other riders ! ” explained Rossi .
“ I thank all the riders who wanted to come .
I think it was a good show and we ’ve been fortunate this year because it did n’t rain , so we ’ve all thoroughly enjoyed it . ”
Revealing his plans for the rest of the month , Rossi added , “ I will still race .
Later this month I ’ll participate in the Monza Rally , in a Ford , and the week after I ’ll be at the Bologna Motorshow , also with a Ford .
After that , I ’ll have a holiday , and I ’ll go skiing ! ”
Find a Car , web services , and the recent versions of the Fuel Economy Guide are updated weekly with new vehicles and fuel cost estimates .
Our Find - a- Car feature provides up - to - date fuel economy information , as well as environmental and safety data , for many model years .
Other Ways to View Fuel Economy Information
Print older versions .
Download and print older versions of the Fuel Economy Guide .
Note : Fuel costs estimates in older versions are not updated .
Download the data .
Data for model years 1984 to present are available in formats such as Adobe Acrobat ( PDF ) , Microsoft Excel , CSV , and XML .
Use Find - a - Car Developer Tools .
Our web services and downloads can be used to integrate fuel economy information into your website and applications .
Goodbye
Four years ago today I started a little Tumblr about LEGO .
Almost six thousand posts and eleven thousand followers later I think I ’m ready for a break .
I ’ve had a great time finding and sharing LEGO .
The folks who build these creations are truly amazing and demonstrate a rare combination of creativity and technical skill .
Hope you ’ll find your LEGO fix elsewhere on Tumblr .
I ’ve followed legodiem , legollection , lego - microscale , and legosaurus .
mattsbrickgallery was the first popular site and is worth a look .
In my very humble opinion , http://kockamaniahu.tumblr.com posts the best and most interesting work .
If you drop me and follow just one more LEGO site , that ’s the one .
– Scott
Dragonfly Photography
Spring of 2006 I bought my first Nikon camera , had to learn what an f - stop was , how to control exposure , and summer of 2006 I took the series of photos below .
Bugs with an Attitude
This story begins when I visited a local stream , with camera in hand , eager to practice macro photography with a new 200 mm macro lens .
The first thing I did was place a fake housefly on top of a twig , secured my camera onto a tripod , and snapped the image below ...
After taking the photo above , I realized that noon was not the best time to photograph small objects outdoors , the light was too bright , creating unwanted glare on the wings .
I decided to keep practicing , and moved in a bit closer with the camera , and being unaccustomed to finding and focusing on such small objects , I struggled to find the fly in the viewfinder .
Surprisingly , by the time focus was achieved , the fly was no longer on the twig .
After searching for several minutes , crawling around on the ground , on hands and knees , it finally occurred to me , something had taken the fly away , it was nowhere to be found ?
After pulling another fly from my box , and deeply embedding it into the twig , I positioned my camera , focused though the viewfinder , and took a photo that stuck me as being rather unusual .
A bright orange dragonfly seemed rather determined to pluck an easy meal from the twig
Luckily the fake fly held tight , otherwise , it would have likely disappeared as well
This beautiful dragonfly was as focused on lunch as my camera was upon it
Smiling for the camera
Beautiful Flame Skimmer ( Libellula saturata ) dragonfly , holding my realistic fly
This dragonfly pulled vigorously , and became increasingly agitated , missing lunch
Macro close up view
Then it struck me , what would happen if I place a fake dragonfly on the twig ...
Almost immediately the orange dragonfly returned , landed beneath my yellow and blue dragonfly , and slowly creeped closer and closer , but never did make contact .
Numerous photos were taken , and a variety of facial expressions seemed evident , including this photo where it appears a mate might have been found .
After about 15 minutes of quiet rejection , the orange dragonfly left the scene .
I began to wish I had a realistic orange dragonfly to place on the twig , to see what the reaction would be .
The closest thing I had was an old yellow and brown dragonfly , and perhaps putting some food in its grasp would entice the orange dragon to return .
It returned with an attitude , no hesitation what so ever , it was time to attack .
It was interesting watching how savage and angry the dragonfly 's attitude was , clearly trying to tear apart the wings of its foe
After a few minutes of furious action , the battle seemed to have been decided , he was king
I kept playing , and placed my dragonfly on a different twig ,
to see if the orange dragon would return with such a territorial attitude .
The attack was severe enough that the impostor was knocked sideways
He 's king of every twig on the stream
I suddenly had a burning desire to make a realistic orange dragonfly
I returned the next day , with a replica orange dragonfly
The action was fast and furious !
Pretty Bugs
At times it seemed as if the king had found his queen
Another fake dragonfly
Another attack , trying to disable the wings
I enjoy being outdoors with camera in hand ...
More Dragonfly Photography
Beautiful Wings
Dragonfly in flight
Newly emerged dragonfly drying its wings
Halloween Pennant
Dragonfly Love
Another dragonfly in flight ...
Lunch Time
Tiny Blue Dasher inspecting a mayfly replica
another pretty dragonfly
trying to rip wings to disable flight
departing the scene
tiny orange dragonfly
predator and prey
Mayfly interaction photos ...
^ back to top ^
A new report on the community group Acorn by the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service has found no evidence of fraudulent voting or of violations of federal financing rules by the group in the past five years .
Representative John Conyers Jr. , Democrat of Michigan and chairman of the House Judiciary Committee , requested the report along with Representative Barney Frank , Democrat of Massachusetts .
Mr. Conyers released the report on Tuesday .
Acorn , which stands for the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now , has drawn fire from conservative activists who have accused it of conducting fraudulent voter registration drives in poor neighborhoods , adding imaginary voters like Mickey Mouse to the rolls .
The report by the research service , an arm of the Library of Congress , said , however , that a search using the Nexis news database “ did not identify any reported instances of such individuals attempting to vote at the polls . ”
Hans A. von Spakovsky , a former Federal Election Commission member under President George W. Bush , said the new report could not resolve the voting fraud issue , since “ no one is ever going to know it unless somebody takes the voter registration list and checks each person who is registered to make sure they are a real person . ”
Pattinson Leaves Seacrest Interview Due to Kristen Question
American Idol and radio host Ryan Seacrest suddenly found himself without a guest to interview after Robert Pattinson left him in the middle of their conversation after being asked about his relationship with Twilight saga co-lead star Kristen Stewart .
Seacrest was allowed to interview Pattinson for some minutes during the New Moon premier .
The young British actor gamely answered some questions before Ryan gave the trigger question .
He asked , “ What do you say to your fans who are desperate to know about you and your co-star Kristen ? ”
Pattinson looked to his publicist who jumped in and cut off the interview .
The host tried to continue by saying that the question seems a fair one .
Robert raised his arms and stood up commenting that people should watch the New Moon movie since it is a good film .
Comments sparked that it ’s either there were simply no more time for another question or that Seacrest broke a cardinal rule for the Twilight cast and had asked an “ off - limit ” question .
Many believe that it is about the question being “ off - limit . ”
New Moon , meanwhile , continues to break box office records , smashing the biggest box office record for a single day at $ 72.7 million then exceeding expectations by placing third highest opening weekend sales in domestic history instead of fifth .
The movie already earned $ 258 million worldwide .
A Washington political watchdog group has filed an ethics complaint with the Senate over robo-calls Sen. John McCain ( R - AZ ) made , urging voters to pressure their senators into supporting a McCain - led amendment to the Senate health care bill .
Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington , or CREW , filed the complaint with the Senate Ethics Committee on Wednesday , saying the Arizona senator and former presidential candidate violated Senate ethics rule 38 , which prohibits senators from using political money to fund official Senate business .
ADVERTISEMENT
CREW says when McCain used money from the National Republican Senatorial Committee to fund the robo-calls , he broke rule 38 .
“ By urging voters to call their senators to urge them to support his motion , Sen. McCain was engaged in grassroots lobbying , ” CREW said in a statement .
“ This activity clearly was related to Sen. McCain ’s official duties .
By using an outside entity ’s funds — those of the NRSC — to pay for expenses related to his official duties , Sen. McCain violated Senate rules . ”
McCain ’s robo-calls were targeted to five states represented in the Senate by conservative Democrats whose votes on the health care bill are seen as crucial .
The robo-calls were targeted at senators Blanche Lincoln ( D - AR ) , Michael Bennet ( D - CO ) , Ben Nelson ( D - NE ) , Byron Dorgan ( D - ND ) and Kent Conrad ( D - ND ) , according to CREW .
In an interview with the Arizona Republic on Wednesday , McCain “ laughed off CREW ’s complaint , ” describing the non-profit organization as “ a far - left group . ”
“ This is a political issue and we paid for it with political money , ” McCain said .
“ I mean , they might have a beef if I paid for it with Senate money or official money , but that was a political issue paid for with political contributions .
It is n’t any more complicated than that . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The Republic reported that “ McCain speculated that Democratic health - care supporters and their allies are upset that the calls are resonating with voters . ”
“ It might be an indication of how stung they are , ” the Republic quoted McCain as saying .
“ I ’m told by the senatorial campaign committee that they are getting responses that they never have before .
Our office , of course , is flooded with calls .
We cannot keep up . ”
“ The rules are clear .
If Sen . McCain wanted to lobby voters in an effort to see his motion passed he should have paid for the calls himself , ” CREW executive director Melanie Sloan said in a statement .
“ Ethics rules are not optional ; all the rules apply all the time , not just the ones senators like and not just when it is convenient to follow them . ”
The first look at the philosophy behind Stephenie Meyer 's bestsellingseries
Bella and Edward , and their family and friends , have faced countless dangers and philosophical dilemmas in Stephenie Meyer 's Twilight novels .
This book is the first to explore them , drawing on the wisdom of philosophical heavyweights to answer essential questions such as :
What do the struggles of " vegetarian " vampires who control their biological urge for human blood say about free will ?
Are vampires morally absolved if they kill only animals and not people ?
From a feminist perspective , is Edward a romantic hero or is he just a stalker ?
Is Jacob " better " for Bella than Edward ?
As absorbing as the Meyer novels themselves , Twilight and Philosophy :
Gives you a new perspective on Twilight characters , storylines , and themes
characters , storylines , and themes Helps you gain fresh insights into the Twilight novels and movies
novels and movies Features an irresistible combination of vampires , romance , and philosophy
Twilight and Philosophy is a must - have companion for every Twilight fan , whether you 're new to the series or have followed it since the beginning .
Lock and load baby !
VIEW GALLERY - 8 IMAGES
Come get some !
Boom !
Shoot to kill !
I 've had force feedback devices before , such as a joystick that was pretty much useless for anything but flight sims .
But what NOVINT have brought to the table here is by no means an evolution of the force feedback joystick .
It 's much different !
This concept has been redesigned from the ground up to really give you a perspective based control over the environment , either through an FPS game , a flight simulation or even 3D object manipulation and design .
First things first , let 's have a look at the specifications of this device fresh from the manufacturer 's site : 3D Touch Workspace : 4 " x 4 " x 4 " Force Capabilities : 2 lbsPosition Resolution : 400 dpiQuick Disconnect Handle : 1 second change timeCommunication Interface : USB 2.0 Size : 9 " x 9 " x 9 " Weight : 6 lbsPower : 30 watts , 100V - 240V,50Hz-60HzWhat's of most interest to us is the 3D Touch Workspace , giving us 4 cubic inches of freedom to move around in .
This is generally greater than the extent you can comfortably move your hand at the wrist in free - space , so there is a lot of room to play with .
Force Capabilities will tell you how hard the unit can push and pull your hand around ; and unless you have some sort of iron wrist from too much ............ gaming ............ you will find your hand jerked around by the physics reactions from the environment .
The DPI resolution is nothing to write home about , but when you are controlling motion in a three dimensional space , resolution is the least of your concerns .
The quick disconnect handle is worth mentioning as well .
With a simple pinch of two tabs you can quickly pop in and out any different controllers , from the ball to the pistol grip .
Unfortunately for now there are only the two grips available , but NOVINT is currently working and researching new interface paradigms to blow your mind and increase your interaction experience .
It 's good to know that the company is actively supporting companies to implement their device , with SDK easily available and forthcoming F - Gen drivers which will make the device compatible with every game .
In the mean time you will just have to play some current favourites such as Team Fortress 2 , Left 4 Dead and Battlefield 2 !
The box has some impressive art work and a great quote from IGN to get you hyped about the toy nestled inside in the cocoon of Styrofoam .
And upon opening the box we see a nice note from the manufacturers letting us know how to get the best out of our NOVINT ; also with a note at the bottom from the CEO of NOVINT to let you know that he is at your disposal should you want to contact him about anything .
He also actively patrols the forums and answers any questions he can too , which is a nice level of involvement with the end user base .
Out of the box , you can see the unit comes with a multi socket power adapter with plugs for UK , US and EU .
A USB cable and the ball / knob attachment is also included .
Worth a pickup as well is the pistol grip to make playing games that bit easier and more realistic .
A close up now on the Falcon in its dormant on state , you can see the multi-coloured lighting and the slack motors letting the handle droop to the bottom .
Unlike the force feedback joysticks , calibration is simple and just involves pulling and pushing the knob in and out to its full extent , where the light will turn from red ( uncalibrated ) to green ( calibrated ) .
So , as suggested in the included piece of paper , we disregarded the driver CD and went straight online and downloaded all the latest gumph to drive this unit .
Then after plugging it in and running the tutorials , there is a world of textures and physics mini - games to play with to help you get used to the device .
The reproduction of surfaces and texture feedback is nice to feel , as you run your virtual hand over a sphere of varying surface materials and even try to push your hand through the sphere of rubber and then honey !
Ok , so maybe I 'm being taken in a bit by the wow - factor of the device here , so it 's time to get serious and put my game face on , firing up a couple of choice FPS games with the pistol grip to find out how well they have implemented the feedbacks and immersion .
It is suggested that it will take between 10 and 20 hours of play to get used to the device and for it to feel natural and comfortable as a mouse , so I 'm not expecting to get many headshots in this review session .
First on the block is Left for Dead , a well - established industry leading zombie explode 'em - up that demands not so much precision as jumpy disposition , twitch trigger finger and a hatred for the undead .
After half an hour of fleeing hoards of brain munching blood thirsty reanimated corpses , my wrist is aching already from the feedback of unloading a shotgun countless times in the face of some screaming ghoul !
But you know what ?
I forgot I was using the damn thing !
It 's incredible how natural this feels to use in a game with the pistol grip .
Next on the chopping block is a good old standard , Battlefield 2 .
A bit of online pwnage and helicopter stealing never goes amiss in a review .
But more importantly it's a good chance to try out the Falcon for its accuracy as well as ability to navigate your character over large amounts of terrain rather than running corridors .
This game certainly took a little longer to get used to with the Falcon , as you have to adjust your characters view a lot more than a regular fps .
But to help that you can tweak all the settings to your heart 's content so it 's only a matter of time before I 'm hijacking tanks and popping enemy helicopters out of the air with this new controller .
Also worth mentioning is the fact that when you are shot at in game , the feedback will push your hand away from where you were hit so it 's a lot easier to tell if someone is shooting you in the side or in the back !
So , what 's the bottom line with this new controller ?
How does it stack up against using a mouse and how does it change the way you play games ?
The fact is that you are always going to be used to a mouse ; you have been using them for so long that anything else is going to feel strange ( assuming you are n't one of those freaks who still uses trackballs ) .
The addition of an extra dimension of freedom means that you can really get more involved in the POV style of control and your overall experience of the game increases significantly .
Force feedback really forces you to rethink your game as well , with recoil on weapons throwing your aim off .
You will have to keep re-sighting on that sniper that keeps getting a headshot every freaking time !
But enough about my lack of abilities , the included notice does say that you need approximately 20 + hours to really feel as comfortable as you do with a mouse , so do n't expect to become the worlds greatest gamer overnight .
If you want to get competitive you can tone down the forces so that you cursor control does n't flail around every time you get shot , and what NOVINT have been striving for is to actually help make your multiplayer gaming experience more competitive .
The feedback actually gives you an edge over most people once you are used to the controller due to the greater level of immersion in the game .
Now , there is a down side to this immersive game play issue ... the cost !
For a penny off $ 200USD you can be the proud owner of a Falcon with the pistol grip , or for $ 189.99 you can get the plain unit with the ball - grip attachment .
That 's a lot of money !
But there is hope !
I have here for TweakTown readers acode !
Just enterwhen you purchase it through their online store
For a full list of supported games and drivers please visit their website here
The CEO of NOVINT has contacted me to pass on a link to his own video of the Falcon being used during Team Fortress 2 .
He reinforces the idea that the device can actually help you become more competitive in your game than a regular mouse can , thanks to the feedback generated so you know where your enemy are when they shoot you .
You can watch the video below :-
'' His indiscretions have probably been [ when he was n't playing ] .
When he is not competing , I am back in New Zealand .
I have no knowledge of what he is doing .
Yes , I talk to him on the phone ; ask him how his practice is going , how he is hitting the ball , how his family is [ but ]
I do n't know what he is doing .
Just like he does n't know what I am doing . ''
Williams offered his '' heartfelt wishes ' ' to Woods 's wife Elin Nordegren and reiterated his ignorance of the affairs .
'' I am an honest person .
I had no knowledge of what was going on [ with Tiger ] .
If I did , I would say I did . ''
He said Woods 's announcement he was taking a break to '' focus my attention on being a better husband , father , and person ' ' had come as no surprise .
He said if he was ever axed by Woods that would be the end of the caddying career which has seen him join New Zealand 's sporting rich list .
' ' I have always stated that my last caddie job will be caddying for Tiger .
I am committed to him .
I understand he needs a break to sort his personal stuff out .
And I will be there for him when he wishes to return to play . ''
By Jonathan Fildes
Technology reporter , BBC News
The inflatable elements of the building would sit on top of thin , lightweight towers
A giant " digital cloud " that would " float " above London 's skyline has been outlined by an international team of architects , artists and engineers .
The construction would include 120 m - ( 400 ft - ) tall mesh towers and a series of interconnected plastic bubbles that can be used to display images and data .
The Cloud , as it is known , would also be used an observation deck and park .
The unconventional structure was originally envisaged as a centre piece of the city 's Olympic village .
The building draws inspiration from the work of Tomas Saraceno
Its designers plan to raise the funds to build it by asking for micro-donations from millions of people .
" It 's really about people coming together to raise the Cloud , " Carlo Ratti , one of the architects behind the design from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) told BBC News .
" We can build our Cloud with £ 5 m or £ 50 m .
The flexibility of the structural system will allow us to tune the size of the Cloud to the level of funding that is reached .
"
The size of the structure will evolve depending on the number of contributions , he said .
Paola Antonelli , senior curator of architecture and design at the Museum of Modern Art in New York who has seen the design described it as a " sculptural spectacle " and " a celebration of technology " .
' Data streams '
The Cloud was shortlisted in a competition set up by London Mayor Boris Johnson .
The mayor has committed to build a tourist attraction in the Olympic Park " with a legacy for the east end [ of London ] " .
Other finalists are thought to include the former Turner prize winner Anish Kapoor and Antony Gormley , the designer of the Angel of the North .
The mayor is still in the " process of deciding " which design will be commissioned , according to a spokesperson .
However , the team , which also includes the writer Umberto Eco and engineers from Arup , has decided to push ahead and publish details of its design .
The structure draws on work by artist Tomas Saraceno , a German - based designer who has previously shown off huge inflatable sculptures .
It is envisaged that the spheres would be made of a plastic known as Ethylene tetrafluoroethylene ( ETFE ) , the material used to build the Beijing Aquatic Centre .
The different spheres would act as structural elements , habitable spaces , decoration and LCD screens on which data could be projected .
" We could provide a custom feed of searches made by Londoners during the Olympics to give a real time ' barometer ' of the city 's interests and mood , " said Google , one of the supporters of the project , which has also offered to provide the information feeds .
The team also envisage projecting weather information , spectator numbers , race results or even images of the Olympic Torch on to the building .
Ramps , stairs and lifts would carry people to the top of the structure to look out over the city .
' Zero power '
The inflatable elements of the building would sit on top of slender , lightweight towers , stabilised by a net of metal cables .
Damping technology , similar to that used in Japanese skyscrapers to resist earthquakes , would prevent the towers being buffeted by the wind .
The Killesberg Tower in Germany is built using similar principles " Many tall towers have preceded this , but our achievement is the high degree of transparency , the minimal use of material and the vast volume created by the spheres , " said professor Joerg Schleich , the structural engineer behind the towers .
Professor Schleich was responsible for the Olympic Stadium in Munich as well as numerous lightweight towers built to the same design as the Cloud .
The structure would also be used to harvest all the energy it produces according to Professor Ratti .
" It would be a zero power cloud , " he said .
As well as solar cells on the ground and inside some of the spheres , the lifts would use regenerative braking , similar to that in some hybrid cars .
That way , the designers say , potential energy from visitors to the top of the tower can be harnessed into useful electricity .
The team have launched a fundraising website called raisethecloud.org and are now looking for a site for the tower .
Google has already offered to provide free advertising for the so - called " cloud- raising " effort .
The firm has offered a sponsored link at the top of the page advertising a " £ 1 for 1 pixel " concept to people who search for terms relevant to London 2012 .
" It will be a monument to crowd - sourcing , " said Professor Ratti .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Las autoridades federales de EE UU han anunciado la detención de 303 personas en 19 Estados en los últimos días como parte de una investigación contra el cartel de la droga la Familia Michoacana .
Durante una conferencia de prensa , el fiscal general , Eric Holder , ha declarado que las detenciones se han producido entre el miércoles y el jueves , como parte del Proyecto Coronado , una investigación realizada a lo largo de 44 meses .
Más de 3.000 agentes y funcionarios de todo Estados Unidos participaron en la investigación , que la Agencia Estadounidense Antidrogas ( DEA ) ha calificado como el mayor golpe jamás asestado a los carteles de la droga mexicanos .
En total , las autoridades han confiscado 62 kilos de cocaína , 729 libras de metanfetaminas , 967 libras de marihuana , 144 armas , 109 vehículos y dos laboratorios clandestinos .
" Esta acción coordinada policial de EE UU sin precedente , la mayor realizada contra un cartel de la droga mexicano , ha asestado un golpe significativo a la cadena de suministro de drogas ilícitas , armas y dinero en efectivo de la Familia que fluyen entre México y EE UU " , ha dicho Holder .
Las autoridades estadounidenses responsabilizan a la Familia Michoacana , un cartel fuertemente armado , de buena parte del trasiego de metanfetaminas a Estados Unidos a través de la frontera con México y de contribuir al ciclo de violencia que afecta a ese país .
Las detenciones se realizaron en Estados como California , Colorado , Georgia , Massachusetts , Minesota , Misisipi , Misuri , Oklahoma , Nueva York , Carolina del Norte y del Sur , Tennessee , Texas , Nevada y Washington .
Los detenidos están acusados de diversos cargos , como conspiración para distribuir metanfetaminas , cocaína y marihuana ; distribución de esas drogas ; conspiración para importar drogas a EE UU y lavado de dinero , entre otros .
Según ha indicado la DEA en un comunicado , Proyecto Coronado ha permitido hasta la fecha la detención de 1.186 personas , y la confiscación de aproximadamente 33 millones de dólares , casi 2.000 kilos de cocaína , 389 armas , 269 vehículos , y dos laboratorios de droga clandestinos .
Lowell O. Erdahl , Roseville , is bishop emeritus of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America 's St. Paul synod .
Photo courtesy Lowell Erdahl
Five hundred years ago the great reformers Martin Luther and John Calvin were blinded by the obvious .
They watched the sun and stars rise and set over what seemed a stationary earth .
Furthermore , there were texts in the Bible that declared " The sun rises and the sun goes down and hurries to the place were it rises " ( Ecclesiastes 1:4 - 5 ) and " The LORD ... has established the world ; it shall not be moved " ( Psalms 93:1 ) .
Convinced by what was obvious in nature and clearly proclaimed in the Bible , Luther called Copernicus a fool .
Calvin asked , " Who will venture to place the authority of Copernicus above that of the Holy Spirit ? "
But they were wrong in their understanding of both the solar system and the Bible .
I , too , was blinded by the obvious .
I observed that only men and women fell in love and got married .
In high school I heard of some people who did same - sex stuff but I assumed that they were oversexed or goofing around .
Furthermore , I learned that the Bible says that all such behavior is " an abomination " ( Leviticus 18:22 ) .
But I was wrong in my understanding of both homosexual humanity and the Bible .
I now thank God for gay and lesbian Christians who have been my teachers .
They have introduced me to a significant segment of humanity who , through no choice of their own , are attracted to , fall in love with and desire to live in lifelong partnership with persons of the same sex .
Your support matters .
You make MPR News possible .
Individual donations are behind the clarity in coverage from our reporters across the state , stories that connect us , and conversations that provide perspectives .
Help ensure MPR remains a resource that brings Minnesotans together .
Donate today .
A gift of $ 17 makes a difference .
I 'm also grateful for scholars such as Martti Nissinen , author of " Homoeroticism in the Biblical World , " who have taught me that those condemning texts relate to lustful , exploitive same - sex activity , such as temple prostitution , abuse of prisoners and pederasty , but say nothing about homosexuality as we understand it today .
Nor do they say anything concerning people in lifelong , life - giving , committed relationships .
For them we turn to other texts , such as Romans 13:8 - 10 , which says :
" Owe no one anything , except to love one another ; for the one who loves another has fulfilled the law .
The commandments , ' You shall not commit adultery , You shall not murder , You shall not steal , You shall not covet , ' and any other commandment , are summed up in this word , ' Love your neighbor as yourself . '
Love does no wrong to a neighbor ; therefore , love is the fulfilling of the law . "
I regret my previous blindness and the harm I have caused .
I 'm grateful that the ELCA has opened the door to the blessing of committed same - sex relationships and to the ministry of people in such relationships .
I continue to pray and work for their full inclusion in church and society , including their right to civil marriage .
It will be a great day when homosexual humanity is as clearly understood and as fully affirmed as Copernican astronomy is today .
Lowell O. Erdahl , Roseville , is bishop emeritus of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America 's St. Paul synod .
Episode 1 : F**k You Buddy
Individual freedom is the dream of our age .
It ’s what our leaders promise to give us , it defines how we think of ourselves and , repeatedly , we have gone to war to impose freedom around the world .
But if you step back and look at what freedom actually means for us today , it ’s a strange and limited kind of freedom .
Politicians promised to liberate us from the old dead hand of bureaucracy , but they have created an evermore controlling system of social management , driven by targets and numbers .
Governments committed to freedom of choice have presided over a rise in inequality and a dramatic collapse in social mobility .
And abroad , in Iraq and Afghanistan , the attempt to enforce freedom has led to bloody mayhem and the rise of an authoritarian anti-democratic Islamism .
This , in turn , has helped inspire terrorist attacks in Britain .
In response , the Government has dismantled long - standing laws designed to protect our freedom .
The Trap is a series of three films by Bafta - winning producer Adam Curtis that explains the origins of our contemporary , narrow idea of freedom .
It shows how a simplistic model of human beings as self - seeking , almost robotic , creatures led to today ’s idea of freedom .
This model was derived from ideas and techniques developed by nuclear strategists during the Cold War to control the behavior of the Soviet enemy .
Episode 2 : The Lonely Robot
Individual freedom is the dream of our age .
It ’s what our leaders promise to give us , it defines how we think of ourselves and , repeatedly , we have gone to war to impose freedom around the world .
But if you step back and look at what freedom actually means for us today , it ’s a strange and limited kind of freedom .
Politicians promised to liberate us from the old dead hand of bureaucracy , but they have created an evermore controlling system of social management , driven by targets and numbers .
Governments committed to freedom of choice have presided over a rise in inequality and a dramatic collapse in social mobility .
And abroad , in Iraq and Afghanistan , the attempt to enforce freedom has led to bloody mayhem and the rise of an authoritarian anti-democratic Islamism .
This , in turn , has helped inspire terrorist attacks in Britain .
In response , the Government has dismantled long - standing laws designed to protect our freedom .
The Trap is a series of three films by Bafta - winning producer Adam Curtis that explains the origins of our contemporary , narrow idea of freedom .
It shows how a simplistic model of human beings as self - seeking , almost robotic , creatures led to today ’s idea of freedom .
This model was derived from ideas and techniques developed by nuclear strategists during the Cold War to control the behavior of the Soviet enemy .
Episode 3 : We Will Force You To Be Free
Individual freedom is the dream of our age .
It ’s what our leaders promise to give us , it defines how we think of ourselves and , repeatedly , we have gone to war to impose freedom around the world .
But if you step back and look at what freedom actually means for us today , it ’s a strange and limited kind of freedom .
Politicians promised to liberate us from the old dead hand of bureaucracy , but they have created an evermore controlling system of social management , driven by targets and numbers .
Governments committed to freedom of choice have presided over a rise in inequality and a dramatic collapse in social mobility .
And abroad , in Iraq and Afghanistan , the attempt to enforce freedom has led to bloody mayhem and the rise of an authoritarian anti-democratic Islamism .
This , in turn , has helped inspire terrorist attacks in Britain .
In response , the Government has dismantled long - standing laws designed to protect our freedom .
The Trap is a series of three films by Bafta - winning producer Adam Curtis that explains the origins of our contemporary , narrow idea of freedom .
It shows how a simplistic model of human beings as self - seeking , almost robotic , creatures led to today ’s idea of freedom .
This model was derived from ideas and techniques developed by nuclear strategists during the Cold War to control the behavior of the Soviet enemy .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Kamui Kobayashi is now set to race for Toyota in Formula 1 next year , after team president John Howett said he had been impressed with the youngster in his two outings for the team .
Kobayashi delivered his first F1 points with a strong run to sixth place in Abu Dhabi - helped in part by a brave overtaking move past world champion Jenson Button .
And with Toyota looking for new drivers for next year , Howett said it was likely that Kobayashi would take one of the team 's seats in 2010 .
" It looks like it , " explained Howett .
" We will have to give really serious consideration , as he has really shown very good strong results .
" I am very impressed .
We were very happy again .
What we like is his real fighting spirit .
He is not intimidated by anybody .
It 's very positive . "
Howett said that Kobayashi's performances had erased all doubts about his potential - after a difficult season he endured in GP2 this year .
" I think that is why there was some hesitation .
We always understood that he was very good in terms of racing spirit .
That has been there all through his career , but because partly the GP2 pace did not look competitive , you were always hesitant against the risk .
" It is a lesson definitely that sometimes we should all be braver in our driver choices and not go for the safer risk - hedged decision . "
And although experienced drivers Heikki Kovalainen and Adrian Sutil have been linked with Toyota , Howett also suggested that Kobayashi 's performances could also prompt the team to take two youngsters .
" I think that is something we are currently discussing .
There are some [ current ] drivers that are not fixed who you would consider , but if they looked not likely then we would prefer to take a brave new direction . "
Toyota is likely to firm up its driver line - up after a Japanese board meeting on November 15 , where the team 's operating budget for 2010 will be signed off .
A “ proposed 28th Amendment ” to the U.S. Constitution ( since circulated in modified form as the “ Congressional Reform Act of 2018 “ ) is several years old , has nothing to do with American business magnate Warren Buffett , and has not been proposed or submitted by any member of the U.S. Congress or by President Trump :
Warren Buffett is asking everyone to forward this email to a minimum of 20 people , and to ask each of those to do likewise .
In three days , most people in the United States will have the message .
This is an idea that should be passed around .
For too long we have been too complacent about the workings of Congress .
Many citizens had no idea that Congressmembers could retire with the same pay after only one term , that they did n’t pay into Social Security , that they specifically exempted themselves from many of the laws they have passed ( such as being exempt from any fear of prosecution for sexual harassment ) while ordinary citizens must live under those laws .
The latest is to exempt themselves from the Healthcare Reform that is being considered — in all of its forms .
Somehow , that does n’t seem logical .
We do not have an elite that is above the law .
I truly do n’t care if they are Democrat , Republican , Independent or whatever .
The self - serving must stop .
This is a good way to do that .
It is an idea whose time has come .
Proposed 28th Amendment to the United States Constitution : “ Congress shall make no law that applies to the citizens of the United States that does not apply equally to the Senators and Representatives ; and , Congress shall make no law that applies to the Senators and Representatives that does not apply equally to the citizens of the United States . ”
Each person contact a minimum of Twenty people on their Address list , in turn ask each of those to do likewise .
Then in three days , all people in The United States of America will have the Message .
This is one proposal that really should be passed around .
This is a great idea .
Only need 3/4 of the State Legislatures to pass this to become law … AND IT IS VETO PROOF including no appeal to the Supreme Court .
Let ’s get this passed around – Congress has brought this upon themselves !!!
Congressional Reform Act of 2011 1 . TERM LIMITS
12 years only , one of the possible options below .
A. Two Six - year Senate terms
B. Six Two - year House terms
C. One Six - year Senate term and three Two - Year House terms 2 . NO TENURE / NO PENSION
A Congressman collects a salary while in office and receives no pay when they are out of office .
3 . CONGRESS ( past , present & future ) PARTICIPATES in SOCIAL SECURITY
All funds in the Congressional retirement fund move to the Social Security system immediately .
All future funds flow into the Social Security system and Congress participates with the American people .
4 . CONGRESS CAN PURCHASE THEIR OWN RETIREMENT PLAN
Just like each and every other American .
5 . CONGRESS WILL NO LONGER VOTE THEMSELVES a PAY RAISE
Congressional pay will rise by the lower of CPI or 2.5 % .
6 . CONGRESS LOSES THEIR CURRENT HEALTH CARE SYSTEM
Congress will participate in the same health care system as the American people .
7 . CONGRESS MUST EQUALLY ABIDE by ALL LAWS
No special exemptions or treatment .
8 . ALL CONTRACTS WITH PAST AND PRESENT CONGRESSMEN ARE VOID
Effective 3/1/17 .
Think of the money this will save and the problems that it will much more quickly solve !
Health care , medicare , social security , IRA and pension plan reform and on and on .
The American people did not make this contract with Congressmen .
Congressmen made all these contracts for themselves .
Serving in Congress is an honor , not a career .
The Founding Fathers envisioned citizen legislators , so ours should serve their term (s ) , then go home and back to work .
Although this item could be said to have no real “ true ” or “ false ” quality to it ( since what it references is just a hypothetical proposal and not a real piece of legislation ) , all of the supporting arguments accompanying it are false , and the answers to common questions asked about it are all nearly all negative :
Q : Does this text represent the actual 28th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution ?
A : No . The U.S. Constitution has only 27 amendments , the last of which ( a limit on Congressional pay increases ) was ratified in 1992 .
Q : Does this text represent a proposed 28th Amendment ?
A : This item is a “ proposed 28th amendment ” only in the very loose sense that any change to the U.S. Constitution suggested since the ratification of the 27th Amendment is a “ proposed 28th Amendment . ”
However , when this piece hit the Internet back in 2009 it was just a bit of online politicking , not something that had been introduced or proposed as a potential amendment by any member of Congress .
In August 2013 , nearly four years after this item began making the rounds on the Internet , two Congressmen ( Ron DeSantis of Florida and Matt Salmon of Arizona ) did introduce a joint resolution ( H.J.RES.55 ) similar to one of its elements , proposing an amendment to the Constitution stating that “ Congress shall make no law respecting the citizens of the United States that does not also apply to the Senators and Representatives . ”
That bill died in committee , and it is exceedingly unlikely that any such broadly worded amendment could ever pass muster in Congress without the underlying idea being subject to a good many qualifications .
Q : Could this amendment be passed without Congress ’ voting on it ?
A : Possibly , not not likely .
Article 5 of the U.S. Constitution specifies two procedures for amendments .
One method is for two - thirds of states legislatures to call for a constitutional convention at which new amendments may be proposed , subject to ratification by three - fourths of the states .
The constitutional convention method allows for the Constitution to be amended by the actions of states alone and cuts Congress out of the equation — no Congressional vote or approval is required .
However , not once in the history of the United States have the states ever called a convention for the purpose of proposing new constitutional amendments .
The other method for amending the Constitution ( the one employed with every amendment so far proposed or enacted ) requires that the proposed amendment be approved by both houses of Congress ( i.e. , the Senate and the House of Representatives ) by a two - thirds majority in each , and then ratified by three - fourths of the states .
It ’s probably safe to speculate that the odds that a supermajority of both houses of Congress would pass an amendment which placed such restrictions upon them are very low indeed .
Q : Can members of Congress retire with full pay after serving only a single term ?
A : No .
This is a long - standing erroneous rumor which we have covered in detail in a separate article .
Q : Are members of Congress exempt from paying into Social Security ?
A : No .
As noted in our article about Congressional pensions , although Congress initially participated in the Civil Service Retirement System ( CSRS ) rather than Social Security , since 1984 all members of Congress have been required to pay into the Social Security fund .
Q : Are members of Congress exempt from prosecution for sexual harassment ?
A : No .
The passage of Public Law 104 - 1 ( the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 , also known as CAA ) made a variety of laws related to civil rights and workplace regulations applicable to the legislative branch of the federal government .
Section 1311 ( a ) of the CAA specifically prohibits sexual harassment ( as well as harassment on the basis of race , color , religion , or national origin ) .
Q : Are members of Congress exempt from the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ( i.e. , “ Obamacare ” ) health care legislation ?
A : No .
One of the provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act passed by Congress is a requirement that lawmakers give up the insurance coverage previously provided to them through the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program and instead purchase health insurance through the online exchanges that the law created :
( D) MEMBERS OF CONGRESS IN THE EXCHANGE .
( i ) REQUIREMENT —
Notwithstanding any other provision of law , after the effective date of this subtitle , the only health plans that the Federal Government may make available to Members of Congress and congressional staff with respect to their service as a Member of Congress or congressional staff shall be health plans that are : ( I ) created under this Act ( or an amendment made by this Act ) ; or ( II ) offered through an Exchange established under this Act ( or an amendment made by this Act ) .
An August 2013 ruling by the federal Office of Personnel Management ( OPM ) was widely and inaccurately reported as exempting members of Congress from the requirement that they give up their Federal Employees Health Benefits Program coverage and instead purchase health insurance through online exchanges .
That reporting was incorrect : Lawmakers are still required to purchase health insurance through government - created exchanges ; what the OPM ’s ruling actually declared was that members of Congress and their staffs did not have to give up the federal subsidies covering part of the costs of their insurance premiums which they had previously been receiving ( and which are afforded to millions of other federal workers ) .
An October 2011 variant of this item is prefaced by a statement made by Warren Buffett : “ ‘ I could end the deficit in 5 minutes .
You just pass a law that says that anytime there is a deficit of more than 3 % of GDP , all sitting members of Congress are ineligible for re-election . ' ”
This quote came from a 7 July 2011 CNBC interview in which the Oracle of Omaha addressed the then - current issue of raising the debt limit .
The rest of the message however , has nothing to do with Warren Buffett .
Some versions of this item include a statement asserting that the children and staffers of U.S. Congressmen are exempt from paying back student loan obligations .
That statement is false .
Later versions of this item have been prefaced with the statement that “ Governors of 35 states have filed suit against the Federal Government for imposing unlawful burdens upon them .
It only takes 38 ( of the 50 ) States to convene a Constitutional Convention . ”
Actually , only 34 states are required to convene such a convention .
The most recent variant submitted to us by Snopes readers circulated in 2020 under the header “ The TRUMP Rules : Congressional Reform Act of 2017 . ”
Eric Besson a le sens de l'humour .
Hué par les étudiants de Sciences Po Paris , jeudi soir , lors d'une conférence sur la promotion de la diversité dans les entreprises , il a déclaré une fois reparti par la porte de derrière : « C'était sympa .
Ça m'a permis de chanter la Marseillaise en arrivant ce qui ne m'était jamais arrivé dans cet amphi lorsque j'y étais étudiant . »
Attendu à 16 h30 , le ministre est arrivé avec deux heures de retard .
Pour l'accueillir , 150 étudiants irrités par le débat sur l'identité nationale et soucieux de le faire savoir .
Et une banderole « Identité cassoulet » .
« Rien que les termes du débat m'énervent .
Pourquoi ne pas parler de citoyenneté ?
Qu'est ce que ça veut dire “ Identité nationale ” » , lance une étudiante , en équilibre sur une marche d'escalier .
« Le débat est complètement faussé , on mélange tout , immigration et identité » , enchaîne une autre , les cheveux en bataille .
« Ils ont verrouillé les entrées »
Dans les couloirs , ce jeudi soir , 150 élèves protestent à coups de « Besson Démission » ou de « Régulariser les sans - papiers . »
On entend aussi , toutes les 2 - 3 minutes , « Travail , famille , patrie , c'est pas ça notre identité . »
« C'est ça qu'il appelle le débat ? » , peste Andréa , 20 ans , la voix fatiguée d'avoir crié .
Comme la plupart des élèves , elle vient de se faire refouler à l'entrée de l'amphi où se déroule la conférence .
« C'est difficile d'avoir un débat quand on ne laisse pas les gens s'exprimer !» , râle t- elle .
« Ils ont verrouillé les entrées et on n'a même pas vu Eric Besson arriver .
Il est passé par une porte de derrière , c'est courageux » .
Plus malin , Mohamed , 18 ans , a réussi à se faufiler .
Il raconte : « Quand Besson est rentré dans l'amphi , on a chanté la Marseillaise et on a déployé une banderole “ Besson Expulsion ” .
Avant que le ministre prenne la parole , Jean - Paul Huchon ( président socialiste du conseil régional d'Ile - de - France , ndlr ) a fait une petite diatribe contre le débat sur l'identité nationale .
Besson lui a répondu super sèchement : “ Jean - Paul , on fait un face - à - face quand tu veux et où tu veux ” .
C'était hyper violent .
A part ça , il n'a pratiquement rien dit ... »
Présent lui aussi , Amar Ferdjaoui , délégué syndical CFDT et membre du groupe Ressource pour l'égalité homme - femme .
« Quand les jeunes ont chanté la Marseillaise , le ministre s'est mis à chantonner aussi ...
C'était d'un goût très mauvais .
A la fin , il a évoqué ses souvenirs d'étudiant à Sciences po , en disant qu'à son époque , il n'y avait pas de chorale ... »
« J'ai même pas envie de participer au forum »
Plantées devant la porte de l'amphi depuis deux bonnes heures , Amélie et Clothilde , en master Relations internationales : « Franchement , y a plus urgent à traiter que cette question de l'identité nationale ...
Et c'est pas en ouvrant un forum sur internet qu'on crée un débat , ce n'est pas ça la démocratie . »
La copine de renchérir : « J'ai même pas envie de participer au forum car je sais déjà que ce qui sera dit sera mal utilisé et mal interprété à des fins populistes . »
Dans un communiqué publié plus tard dans la soirée , les élèves dénoncent notamment « la censure quasi- systématique mise en place sur le site internet censé organiser ce débat virtuel et réifié » .
20h30 .
A la sortie , un représentant du syndicat étudiant Unef tire sur sa cigarette , satisfait .
« On a organisé ce comité d'accueil assez spontanément .
C'était important de lui montrer qu'on refuse son double discours .
D'un côté , il renvoie des migrants en Afghanistan , et de l'autre il vient tenir à Sciences
Po un discours sur la diversité ... »
Entretemps , le ministre a filé – comme il est arrivé – par une porte à l'arrière du bâtiment .
« Oui , un charter l'attendait ... » , s'amuse un étudiant .
Besson n'était pas le seul à avoir de l'humour .
Vyacheslav Fetisov : “ I think that one game is enough ” ( Photo © Sportbox.ru )
Vyacheslav Fetisov ‘s sensational comeback did n’t save CSKA from a home defeat against SKA St. Petersburg in a game that saw Maxim Sushinsky score his 300th goal .
RussianHockeyFans offers you a translation of what Fetisov said after the game to the Russian TV channel “ Sport ” .
“ I feel really good .
It was a bit sentimental , starting with the hymn and going on .
I ’m a happy man today .
I ’d like to thank all the fans that attended the game , all the persons and the guys that I played with today .
This was an unforgettable game for me .
Thank you all !
The game was good , the guys showed a good character in the third period , we came a little short …
I wish I could drop about 15 years , to be of more help to the team .
The feeling of being in the dressing room with the guys , sharing the same bench – you ca n’t reproduce it in regular life outside of hockey .
I am thankful for having had this chance .
The most important thing we did today was draw attention of people to hockey .
What we did today was positive for the image of Russian hockey and Russia itself .
There are good people , there is interest for the game , and all this can only grow in the years to come .
I think that one game is enough .
There are good players and a good coach and CSKA will be again the CSKA we all know ” .
Fear and Overreaction
It ’s hard work being prey .
Watch the birds at a feeder .
They ’re constantly on alert , and will fly away from food — from easy nutrition — at the slightest movement or sound .
Given that I ’ve never , ever seen a bird plucked from a feeder by a predator , it seems like a whole lot of wasted effort against not very big a threat .
Assessing and reacting to risk is one of the most important things a living creature has to deal with .
The amygdala , an ancient part of the brain that first evolved in primitive fishes , has that job .
It ’s what ’s responsible for the fight - or - flight reflex .
Adrenaline in the bloodstream , increased heart rate , increased muscle tension , sweaty palms ; that ’s the amygdala in action .
And it works fast , faster than consciousnesses : show someone a snake and their amygdala will react before their conscious brain registers that they ’re looking at a snake .
Fear motivates all sorts of animal behaviors .
Schooling , flocking , and herding are all security measures .
Not only is it less likely that any member of the group will be eaten , but each member of the group has to spend less time watching out for predators .
Animals as diverse as bumblebees and monkeys both avoid food in areas where predators are common .
Different prey species have developed various alarm calls , some surprisingly specific .
And some prey species have even evolved to react to the alarms given off by other species .
Evolutionary biologist Randolph Nesse has studied animal defenses , particularly those that seem to be overreactions .
These defenses are mostly all - or - nothing ; a creature ca n’t do them halfway .
Birds flying off , sea cucumbers expelling their stomachs , and vomiting are all examples .
Using signal detection theory , Nesse showed that all - or - nothing defenses are expected to have many false alarms .
“ The smoke detector principle shows that the overresponsiveness of many defenses is an illusion .
The defenses appear overresponsive because they are ‘ inexpensive ’ compared to the harms they protect against and because errors of too little defense are often more costly than errors of too much defense . ”
So according to the theory , if flight costs 100 calories , both in flying and lost eating time , and there ’s a 1 in 100 chance of being eaten if you do n’t fly away , it ’s smarter for survival to use up 10,000 calories repeatedly flying at the slightest movement even though there ’s a 99 percent false alarm rate .
Whatever the numbers happen to be for a particular species , it has evolved to get the trade - off right .
This makes sense , until the conditions that the species evolved under change quicker than evolution can react to .
Even though there are far fewer predators in the city , birds at my feeder react as if they were in the primal forest .
Even birds safe in a zoo ’s aviary do n’t realize that the situation has changed .
Humans are both no different and very different .
We , too , feel fear and react with our amygdala , but we also have a conscious brain that can override those reactions .
And we too live in a world very different from the one we evolved in .
Our reflexive defenses might be optimized for the risks endemic to living in small family groups in the East African highlands in 100,000 BC , not 2009 New York City .
But we can go beyond fear , and actually think sensibly about security .
Far too often , we do n’t .
We tend to be poor judges of risk .
We overreact to rare risks , we ignore long - term risks , we magnify risks that are also morally offensive .
We get risks wrong — threats , probabilities , and costs — all the time .
When we ’re afraid , really afraid , we ’ll do almost anything to make that fear go away .
Both politicians and marketers have learned to push that fear button to get us to do what they want .
One night last month , I was awakened from my hotel - room sleep by a loud , piercing alarm .
There was no way I could ignore it , but I weighed the risks and did what any reasonable person would do under the circumstances : I stayed in bed and waited for the alarm to be turned off .
No point getting dressed , walking down ten flights of stairs , and going outside into the cold for what invariably would be a false alarm — serious hotel fires are very rare .
Unlike the bird in an aviary , I knew better .
You can disagree with my risk calculus , and I ’m sure many hotel guests walked downstairs and outside to the designated assembly point .
But it ’s important to recognize that the ability to have this sort of discussion is uniquely human .
And we need to have the discussion repeatedly , whether the topic is the installation of a home burglar alarm , the latest TSA security measures , or the potential military invasion of another country .
These things are n’t part of our evolutionary history ; we have no natural sense of how to respond to them .
Our fears are often calibrated wrong , and reason is the only way we can override them .
This essay first appeared on DarkReading.com .
Posted on November 4 , 2009 at 7:12 AM • 64 Comments
PINCKNEY , Mich .
THE Volkswagen
Golf is proof that there is more to motoring fun than a cooperative powertrain and a well - designed suspension .
The window sticker is important , too , especially when it shows a nicely equipped hatchback priced at just over $ 18,000 with estimated highway mileage of 30 miles per gallon .
The new 2010 Golf is the sixth generation in a line of small cars that dates back , in the United States , to the 1975 Rabbit .
The car is better known as the Golf , although apparently lagomorph - loving marketing types have sometimes badged it the Rabbit , a less - than - heroic moniker most recently used for the 2006 - 9 model years .
For 2010 it is a Golf once again .
The new model is still a front - wheel - drive hatchback with two or four doors , assembled in Wolfsburg , Germany .
There are three models : the Golf , the high - mileage , diesel - powered Golf TDI ( rated 42 m.p.g. on the highway ) and the 200 - horsepower sports - oriented GTI .
Prices begin at $ 18,240 for a two - door Golf with a 5 - speed manual transmission and $ 19,940 for a four - door , which comes only with a 6 - speed automatic .
The cheapest Golf TDI diesel , a two - door , is $ 22,939 , and the least expensive GTI , also a two - door , is $ 24,239 .
A jump from two doors to four costs $ 600 for either the TDI or GTI .
Baseball rules governing the Ohio High School Athletic Association , ( OHSAA ) can be broken down into a few basic sections .
There are General Regulations , rules regarding Out of State Travel , Ejections , Penalties and Non-Interscholastic Participation , as well as specific regulations regarding seventh - and eighth - graders .
Anyone wishing to obtain an official copy of the rules can do so by addressing OHSAA at 4080 Roselea Place , Columbus , Ohio 43214 .
General Regulations : Games
The General Regulations of the 2008 - 2009 OHSAA rules forbid individual players , as well as teams , from playing in more than two games on any given day , regardless of whether or not said games are in a varsity setting or not .
In other words , you may play a reserve game and a varsity game in one single day , but may not count each game as one game in two separate settings .
Two games are two games regardless of the nature of the game .
Doubleheaders may only be played on non-school days and only if the following day is an off day from school .
Games not started due to a team ’s failure to show are considered ‘ No Contest ’ games and are not to be recorded as a win or , loss .
Games cannot end in a tie .
If a game has gone beyond five innings and cannot be finished , it will be suspended if the visiting team is ahead and the home team has not had an opportunity to change the outcome of the game in the bottom half of said inning .
Suspended games will be resumed from the point of suspension at a later date .
The 10 - run rule applies , this rule stating that any team taking a lead of 10 runs or more will no longer be in a position to add runs and therefore must take the field .
A 10 - run lead after five innings will translate into a win if the home team fails to reduce said lead in the bottom half of the inning
General Regulations : Pitching
There is a 10 - inning limit per pitcher over the course of three days .
If a pitcher comes into an inning and records a single out to end the inning , the pitcher will have recorded one of his 10 innings , leaving him with only nine remaining innings as opposed to 9 2/3 of an inning .
Out - of - State Travel
Travel out of state is permitted in several states and Canada if the state shares a common border with the State of Ohio .
Ontario , a province of Canada , is so included .
Travel to states not sharing a border with Ohio may be done once in a scholastic year , but only on the condition there is no loss in class time .
Teams may not miss school to engage in travel .
Ejections and Penalties
Ejections can occur in cases of unsportsmanlike behavior .
Organized sports are an opportune time for youngsters to learn discipline , respect and how to work as a part of a team .
There will be no tolerance for physical contact with umpires , coaches or players from one ’s own team or opposing teams .
Violating the basic rules of mutual respect will lead to ejection and possible suspension .
Non-interscholastic participation by members of a scholastic team is forbidden for the duration of the school year .
You may not participate in scrimmage games , pick - up games in any other league , or team , while a member of a Board of Education sponsored baseball league .
Failure to comply will lead to severe penalties .
Such penalties will translate into suspension for the remainder of the season and possibly the following season for those who are not in their senior year of high school .
Seventh - and Eighth - Graders
Rules regarding seventh - and eighth - graders pertain to amount of games played , which may not exceed 17 , and championship games , which are limited to no more than four games .
Grades nine through 12 can play up to a 27 - game season over a period of 23 playing dates .
This allows for two doubleheaders which may not be played on school days or on a day followed by a school day , as was earlier pointed out .
Organized Baseball
Organized baseball is a truly rewarding experience , full of a roller - coaster range of emotions .
A child drops back to catch an easy pop fly , only to have it hit the heel of the glove and bounce mercilessly onto the field .
The crack of the bat and the flight of the ball as it soars into home run-hitting ecstasy .
The rules and regulations are all a part of the game and must be taught and learned with the same importance as laying down the sac bunt .
After all , is n’t it all a part of staying on top of the game ?
* IMF sells 200 tonnes of gold to Reserve Bank of India
* Sale is part of total of 403.3 tonnes to be sold by IMF
* Gold price reverses earlier gains , flat near $ 1,058
* Relieves bearish risk of open - market bullion sale
* Is China next ?
( Updates prices para 6 , analyst comments in paras 7 - 8 , 12 )
By Surojit Gupta and Lesley Wroughton
MUMBAI / WASHINGTON , Nov 3 ( Reuters ) - The International Monetary Fund has sold 200 tonnes of gold to the Reserve Bank of India for $ 6.7 billion , quietly executing half of a long - planned bullion sale that has threatened to slow gold ’s ascent .
The deal , which surprised traders who expected China to be the most likely buyer , will relieve the gold market of some uncertainty over how and when the IMF would sell 403.3 tonnes of gold , about one - eighth of its total stock .
The deal will increase India ’s gold holdings to the tenth largest among central banks .
It also fuelled speculation that other governments -- including Beijing -- may be ready to diversify their reserves even at near - record gold prices , helping soak up IMF supply that the fund may otherwise be forced to sell on the open market .
“ Central banks in India and China will be happy to accumulate gold at these levels .
I will not be surprised to see even some Southeast Asian banks buying gold , ” Aaron Smith , Asia head of the $ 1.65 billion technical trading fund Superfund , told Reuters .
For graphics on the world 's top gold reserve holders : here
Spot gold prices XAU= earlier rose by nearly one percent , but later reversed those gains to trade little changed at around $ 1,058 an ounce on Tuesday , within striking distance of last month 's $ 1,070.40 record despite a rallying dollar .
Traders said the IMF news could add to the market 's upward momentum . [ GOL / ]
“ Its potentially bullish from several points of view , ” said Commerzbank analyst Eugen Weinberg .
“ Gold was kept off the market and sold directly to cental banks so potential sales on market are limited by this . ”
“ Secondly , it showed large buyers are ready to accept the current price levels .
Thirdly , the central banks are increasing their gold reserves .
Last but not least the central bank gold agreement sales of 400 tonnes ... is half empty already . ”
The Reserve Bank of India said the purchase was an official sector off - market transaction and was executed during Oct. 19 -30 at market - based prices .
An IMF official said the sale was concluded at an average price of about $ 1,045 an ounce and that the transaction would be paid in hard currency and not in IMF Special Drawing Rights .
SURPRISE BUYER
Although the IMF ’s plan to sell a share of its gold holdings in order to increase low - cost lending to poor countries had been flagged for a year before it was formally approved in September , the speed , scale and identity of the buyer were a surprise .
“ It was always thought that some of it would be sold off market but it was a bit of a surprise that as much as 200 tonnes had been sold off market , ” said Simon Weeks , director of precious metal sales at Bank of Nova Scotia .
Although India is the world ’s biggest consumer of gold , primarily in the form of jewellery and investment among its billion - plus people , its central bank had given few signs of seeking to diversify its reserves pool into bullion .
The proportion of gold as part of its total foreign reserves has fallen from over 20 percent in 1994 to just under 4 percent .
India ’s foreign exchange reserves held at the central bank totalled $ 285.5 billion on Oct. 23 , of which gold comprised just over $ 10 billion .
The latest purchase will lift its share of gold holdings from near 4 percent to about 6 percent , much less than most of the developed world but four times China ’s share .
The RBI does not officially talk about its diversification strategy .
On Tuesday , the RBI said the purchase of IMF ’s gold was done as part of its foreign exchange reserve management .
For a graphic on the share of gold in central bank reserves : here
But there may also be a geopolitical motive behind the deal : India , like China , is also seeking closer ties with the IMF to assert its authority on the global economic stage .
“ This transaction is an important step toward achieving the objectives of the IMF ’s limited gold sales program , which are to help put the fund ’s finances on a sound long - term footing and enable us to step up much - needed concessional lending to the poorest countries , ” the IMF ’s managing director , Dominique Strauss - Kahn , said in a statement on Monday .
NO MARKET DISRUPTION
A senior IMF official , speaking on condition of anonymity , declined to say whether other central banks have expressed interest in buying the remaining gold for sale .
He said if no other central banks came forward , the IMF would proceed as planned to sell the gold in the market , but reiterated that the fund would publicize its intentions before doing so to avoid disrupting the market .
Still , the threat of further open - market sales remains a source of concern for gold traders , mindful of the five - year pact among European central banks to sell down a maximum 400 tonnes a year of their holdings , an agreement that was renewed in August and includes the IMF volume .
[ ID : nN02468120 ]
The market ’s focus has now shifted to China , which has reportedly been in talks with the IMF about buying some of the fund ’s bullion as Beijing seeks to shift some of its more than $ 2 trillion in foreign exchange reserves away from the U.S. dollar .
“ Now people may think China will buy the other half , ” said Ronald Leung , director of Lee Cheong Gold Dealers in Hong Kong .
Already the world ’s top producer of gold and rivalling India as a consumer , China revealed this year that it had quietly lifted its own government holdings of gold stocks to 1,054 tonnes from 600 tonnes when it last reported its holdings in 2003 .
It is the first time since 2000 that the IMF has sold gold to a central bank .
Between December 1999 and April 2000 in separate transactions , the IMF sold a total of 12.9 million ounces of gold to member countries Brazil and Mexico .
( Additional reporting by Lewa Pardomuan and Sambit Mohanty in SINGAPORE and Jan Harvey in EDINBURGH ; Editing by Jonathan Leff )
Train Kept a ’Rolling
For me , 2009 actually started on election night , 2008 .
Tamara and I spent an evening with fellow Libertarian Party candidates and activists ( yes , we ’re among those heretical anarchists who remain involved in electoral politics ) — pizza , beer and conversation — then headed home .
Along the way , every thirty seconds or so , we ’d pass a car with its horn honking , its lights flashing , fist pumps out the window from the driver .
Barack Obama was very popular in St. Louis .
I recall two conflicting thoughts at the time .
The first thought was “ maybe it wo n’t be so bad . ”
“ Hey , ” I figured , “ Obama can probably be counted on to keep the Iraq withdrawal ‘ timeline ’ established by the Busheviks .
Maybe he wo n’t put the pedal to the metal on his AfPak war rhetoric .
He ’s promised to close Gitmo and that ’s an easy promise to keep .
And surely he ’ll put the kibosh on the torture thing and maybe send a few of the most egregious offenders to jail .
Sure , he ’ll try for a New New Deal , but McCain would probably have done the same on slightly different lines . ”
The second thought was “ give these guys a year and they wo n’t be honking their horns and pumping their fists for Obama . ”
I was wrong on both counts .
The Iraq shoe has n’t dropped yet , but I ’ll give you even money there are still US troops there long after we drop off the right edge of the “ timeline . ”
Obama has announced , and begun implementing , his “ Afghanistan surge . ”
He ’s also re-authorized , and announced an expansion of , the “ murder by remote control ” drone campaign in Pakistan .
Gitmo ’s still open and its planned closure is n’t an actual closure but just a transfer to a new facility for the abductees .
“ Indefinite detention , ” tweaked , is officially part of the Obama Doctrine .
The torture probably continues , its perpetrators remain at large , and “ the most transparent administration in history ” has gone to court to prevent the public from knowing its full extent .
It ’s hard to compare Obama ’s actual New New Deal with the hypothetical New New Deal McCain would have brought us .
McCain ’s might have been worse or not , but we got what we got and it ai n’t good .
While Obama ’s popularity ratings have dropped considerably , and while a few brave liberals and Democrats have tried to hold his feet to the fire on detention and torture , he remains fairly popular with most of the people he was popular with a year ago .
Yeah , yeah — just keep pumping those fists , that ’ll help .
I never really fell for the whole “ hope and change ” scam myself , but I thought maybe we ’d get a little relief .
The main effect of the Obama presidency on me personally so far is that I ’m a more convinced anarchist than I was a year ago .
He ’s living proof that in politics at least , the more things change the more they stay the same .
New boss , same as the old boss .
Why is that ?
Because even if one president wanted to , he could n’t change the nature of the state .
Government is a big machine , built on layers and layers of previous machinery below it .
It ’s on rails , going in the same direction it ’s always gone — downhill on a steep grade , terminating in a cliff edge — and its mass gives it momentum .
The idea that one guy could come sit down in the train ’s cab , push a few levers or tighten a few bolts , and actually change the direction of the thing is absurd .
Not in a year , not in four years .
He ’d be lucky to slow it down , and chances are he is n’t going to really want to do even that .
More fun to blow the whistle and yell for the fireman to stoke the boilers .
Toot , toot — let ’s see how fast this thing can go !
The history of libertarian involvement in electoral politics is a history of attempting to get in the cab and turn the train around , reverse its direction , or even just slow it down a bit .
Even for a political junkie like me , that ’s a marginal activity … an addiction , or a fascinating hobby .
The real task — not just for libertarians and anarchists , but for anyone who ’s interested in survival at a level above that of , say , the Dark Ages — is laying new track , uncoupling the cars of society from the locomotive of government , and routing ourselves in a different direction so that it does n’t take us over the edge with it when we reach the bottom of the hill .
Let ’s make this next year about that .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A new computer aimed at people aged over 60 who are unfamiliar with PCs and the internet has been unveiled .
The simplified desktop - called SimplicITy - has just six buttons directing users to basic tasks such as e-mail and chat .
The computer comes pre-loaded with 17 video tutorials from television presenter Valerie Singleton More than 6 million people over the age of 65 have never used the internet , according to government figures .
' Social benefit '
Each made - to - order computer takes two weeks from request to delivery and can be ordered by post .
The computer has been developed in partnership with Wessex Computers and a website aimed at older people called discount - age , set up by Ms Singleton .
She said she was shocked by the number of older people who do not have computers - a survey by the Office for National Statistics in August 2009 revealed that 6.4 million people over 65 have never used the internet .
there are some people who will undoubtedly feel patronised by the very idea of a computer for the elderly
Rory Cellan- Jones
Technology correspondent
Read Rory 's thoughts in full " I think people just do n't understand them , " she told BBC News .
" I 've been using a computer for quite some time and I do n't understand everything .
" Every time I learn a new thing to do on my computer I have to write it down so that I can remember it . "
The SimplicITy computer has no log - in screen when started up , and contains no drop - down menus .
It opens straight to a front page called " square one " containing separate clickable buttons for e-mail , browsing the web , files ( for storing word documents and photos etc ) , online chat and a user profile .
The e-mail system is a modified version of an Italian design called Eldy .
All SimplicITy users with an eldy.org address will be able to chat to each other via the " chat " button .
The computer is built using Linux operating system , a free operating system that can be customised by users .
If people decide they no longer need the SimplicITy desktop , they can replace it with a standard Linux desktop .
Andrew Harrop , head of public policy for charity Age Concern and Help the Aged said efforts to get older people online should be " applauded " .
" Pensioners who are n't online are missing out on hundreds of pounds in potential savings by shopping around and can also often miss out on the best interest rates for savings accounts , not to mention the social benefits of being online , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
SYDNEY ( Reuters Life ! ) -
Drinking untreated rainwater is safe for your health , according to an Australian study .
Rain drops on a car window reflects a man walking past a stock index board in Tokyo August 10 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Kim Kyung - Hoon
Researchers from Melbourne ’s Monash University looked at 300 homes that used rainwater collected in water tanks as their primary drinking source in what they described as a “ world first ” study that comes amid growing criticism of bottled water .
All of the homes were given a bench top filter and told it would remove any potential gastroenteritis - causing organisms from their water , but half of the devices did not contain filters .
Families recorded their health over a year and the researchers found that the rate of gastro cases recorded by these two groups were very similar and also matched the broader community who drank treated tap water .
“ People who drank untreated rainwater displayed no measurable increase in illness compared to those that consumed the filtered rainwater , ” researcher Karin Leder , head of the infectious diseases unit at Monash University ’s department of epidemiology , said in a statement .
“ This study confirms there is a low risk of illness ...
Expanded use of rainwater for many household purposes can be considered and in current times of drought , we want to encourage people to use rainwater as a resource . ”
Leder said some health authorities had doubts about drinking rainwater due to safety concerns , particularly in cities where good quality mainstream water was available .
Australia ’s prolonged drought has prompted a rise in water tank installations .
But Leder did caution that the families involved in the study were routine rainwater drinkers and may already have built up defenses against possible infections .
The study came amid growing concern about the environmental impact of bottled water products , which are often transported long distances and packaged in plastic which clogs landfills .
Posted by John , December 7th , 2009 - under Socialism .
Tags : Australian politics , Capitalism , Carbon Pollution Reduction Scheme , Copenhagen climate summit , Emissions Trading Scheme
To understand what the debate on the Carbon Pollution Reduction Scheme is about , and what Tony Abbott ’s magic pudding solution to pollution actually amounts to , let ’s look briefly at what an emissions trading scheme is .
The Rudd Government ’s Carbon Pollution Reduction Scheme is one version of an ETS .
I ’ll explain the main points of the CPRS in a later article .
An ETS is a market for pollution and polluters .
The Government will set an amount for pollution in Australia .
This is the cap .
The Government will then divide up that overall amount into permits .
Those permits will be the basis for trade in rights to pollute .
( That ’s why the Rudd ETS is often described as a cap and trade scheme . )
The peopel who stand to benefit from this trade are the banks and the stock exchange jockeys .
You know , those bastions of proper behaviour who bought you the global financial crisis .
That should concern people for starters .
The Government will give permits to various sectors of the economy .
These permits will allow industry to pollute to a certain ‘ acceptable ’ level .
If the polluters want to pump extra CO2 into the atmosphere they ’ll have to buy permits to do so , or develop mechanisms for reducing their greenhouse gas emissions .
The argument is that that those companies which reduce their greenhouse gas emissions will have excess credits they can then sell to the polluters .
And over time the cap will be reduced , forcing industry to move to greener sources of energy for example .
It all sounds so simple , does n’t it ?
Yes , but it wo n’t work , or more precisely has some major flaws which create grave doubts about if it will work .
Let ’s leave aside whether the market can solve the problems the market created and any discussion of the metabolic rift that capitalism has created between humanity and the environment .
The Europeans have a cap and trade scheme .
It is a failure .
The price of permits has collapsed meaning there is little incentive to change behaviour .
Here in Australia the government will set the cap and its rate of reduction over time .
This is the first problem .
In both cases it will be too generous to have any impact .
The government will also give compensation to the polluters and those on lower incomes having to pay higher energy prices .
This will total about $ 120 billion over the next ten years .
Now if the whole basis of the cap and trade scheme is to use price signals to change behaviour , then any economic rationalist will be able to tell you that compensating polluters with billions of our dollars wo n’t do that .
In fact the $ 123 billion would be better spent on solar , wind , geothermal and tidal energy to create millions of green jobs instead of propping up the bottom line of the polluters .
Eventually a global ETS scheme will see Australian polluters purchasing permits from poor countries with permits .
This will entrench and reinforce North - South divisions .
The ETS scheme will encourage offset industries .
These could for example be planting extra trees .
Of course trees only keep the carbon out of the atmosphere until they die , so this is a stop gap measure to mask increasing green house gas emissions and postpone the inevitable .
It is a book entry to befuddle us .
So is there an alternative to an ETS ?
Well yes .
It is called socialism – a world in which production is planned democratically to satisfy human need .
In such a society of freedom measures to address global warming would be undertaken as of course .
Since society is based on satisfying human need , and not profit , and it is in the interests of humans to switch to alternative energy sources besides carbon fuels .
Without the complicating factor of profit , the switch would be fairly easy .
To save the planet from global warming requires removing profit as the driving force of production , the driving force of a humanity on the road to the environmental abyss .
Meanwhile back in the ‘ real ’ word , the failure that is Copenhagen awaits its inevitable conclusion – hot air and more green house gases .
I will in articles over the next few weeks examine in more detail the Rudd - Turnbull CPRS and what comes out of Copenhagen , as well as flesh out this bare bones description of an ETS .
The title says it all .
Itâ€™s time for the 1st Annual Busted Coverage New Yearâ€™s Week Poon Fiesta , a chance to look back at the ladies who stunned , made us pause , nearly caused divorces and definitely drove a few men to blindness .
We end the year with the only party favor Busted Coverage knows of that can get any party started â€ “ barely clothed women !
Sara Balint From The November 2009 Issue Of American Curves …after the jump …
fans have been understandably less than pleased ( to say the least ) since news broke that the entire voice cast may be replaced for the upcoming return of the series , as new episodes go into production for Comedy Central .
Today at Comic - Con , I managed to speak to one of those beloved voice actors , John DiMaggio , who plays the integral role of Bender
While casting notices have gone out for new actors to play the roles , certainly all Futurama fans still hope that the salary disputes between the cast and the studio can be resolved and DiMaggio , while reluctant to say too much , did hint that there could be reason for optimism .
When I asked him what he could say about the situation , DiMaggio first broke into song , singing some famous Elvis Presley lyrics : " Caught in a trap .
I can't walk out !
Cause I love you too much , baby ! "
He then smiled and told me , " In other words , no comment .
I really can't talk about it .
All I can say is that Matt [ Groening ] and David [ X. Cohen ] have such a wonderful project and I love it dearly – love it to death .
And hopefully we 'll be able to work it out .
And I think we will .
It 's just going to take a little time and that 's about it .
" I mentioned to DiMaggio how tremendous the fan support has been for the actors since the story broke and DiMaggio nodded , saying , " Yeah , the fans have been really wonderful and that 's really great .
But you know , that 's just the way it goes .
That 's just the way this show business works .
And we 'll see what happens .
Hopefully … I have a good feeling it 's going to turn out for the best .
That 's about it .
That 's all I 've got .
That 's all I have to say about that !
" Interestingly , the Comic - Con listing for Futurama 's panel tomorrow ( Saturday ) still lists DiMaggio as taking part , along with Billy West , Katey Sagal and Maurice LaMarche - though it 's unclear whether this is simply because no one has been told to update it , or if it could mean they will still be taking part .
This panel has become a very notable one now , given the current situation and how upset fans are by what has been going on .
Check back tomorrow on IGN TV to see our report from the Futurama panel .
[ TruthShallPrevail ]
Historical Development of Modern Feudalism :
The TRUTH about your status as a slave in America
( by unknowingly volunteering )
by Allen Aslan Heart
http://www.real-debt- elimination.com/bank_fraud/ taking_back_your_power/1- introduction_to_taking_back_ your_power.htm
Since 1933 you and all other Americans have been pledged for the debt
of the UNITED STATES owed to international bankers , most of whom are
foreign to our country .
Your credit , labor , productivity and
property have been used and is now being used as collateral by the
incorporated UNITED STATES OF AMERICA without your knowledge or
consent .
This is legal until you take back your implied consent by a
special , lawful process .
In fact , you are unknowingly volunteering to be chattel for a
mortgage held by financiers from the founding of this nation .
Perhaps you infer that the name on the tax statement is yours and so
you respond as though it were .
This is voluntary servitude .
To make
this servitude legal it was necessary to " cut a hole in the fence . "
No matter that the escape route is hidden , obscured by legal brambles
to make escape difficult .
That it is not used presumes consent .
It
is not impossible , just seemingly difficult and even implausible .
Your status as a subject is based upon a presumption that if you did
not wish to be so encumbered you would use the law to do something
about it .
As long as you do not use the escape route provided by law
it is presumed that you are content to " remain in the pasture and be
milked and used as chattel . "
This word has the same root as the
word , " cattle . "
Do you get the picture ?
Can such a premise be true ?
It seems totally out of step with
everything you and I have ever known about our world , our nation , our
government and our relationship to it !
Our parents never behaved as
though they we were chattel .
They dutifully paid their taxes , voted
in elections , waved an American flag on the 4th of July .
Our
teachers taught us about our history , our Declaration of Independence
and Constitution , our Revolutionary War , how we fought the greatest
army and navy the world had ever seen at the time .
Nowhere in our
history classes did we encounter any such premise of subjection to a
central government that rules our lives .
Our civics teacher never
told us anything about this .
Nothing in our world even hinted that
we were subjects to a highly centralized government .
Surely this
could be true of other peoples , but not of us !
For most people this
cannot be .
The truth cannot be heard because it is too discordant
with our entire experience .
And yet we can document that George Washington did not chop down a
cherry tree , Lincoln did not free the slaves ( they became subjects of
the Federal District , the District of Columbia ) , The War with Mexico
was begun by General Zachary Taylor 's provocations along the Nueces
River , the battleship Maine blew up from the inside , Woodrow Wilson
knew that the Lusitania was carrying US munitions to the war in
Europe and would be sunk , Franklin D. Roosevelt had maneuvered the
Japanese into an attack on Pearl Harbor and had cut fuel shipments to
the Pacific fleet to ensure the presence of enough old ships to offer
a tempting target , Truman knew that there were other good
alternatives to an invasion of Japan and did not need to drop the
Atomic Bomb on Hiroshima and Nagasaki , Roosevelt knew about the NAZI
concentration camps , LBJ knew that there was no attack on the Maddox
and Turner Joy in the Gulf of Tonkin when he asked for a
Congressional Resolution to attack North Vietnam , and the US
government had been warned by numerous documented sources that there
would be an attack on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon .
All
of this is from documented historical sources .
Yet we continue to
believe the myths that are in our histories , our movies , our
mainstream media and our mass consciousness .
John F Kennedy warned
us that ,
The great enemy of the Truth is very often not the lie - deliberate ,
contrived , and dishonest - but the myth - persistent , persuasive and
realistic .
You will probably find it hard to accept that you have been living in
an illusion for your whole life .
Much of what you believe is an
illusion and you will only find your freedom when you can allow
yourself to look behind the veils of illusion to see Reality .
WHO you
are is far greater than " what " you perceive yourself to be .
When you
have the courage to stand face - to - face with the illusion and call it
what it is , you will have stepped through the most difficult task set
before you on your Earth Journey .
There IS a way out !
But the only
way out is through — through understanding how we came to this
predicament and following a precise formula to obtain your
sovereignty .
We have been warned repeatedly throughout our history ,
but we were n't listening very closely .
Now we might have one more
chance to take back our power and our sovereignty .
The nature of the conspiracy to defraud can be best understood in
comments by one of the major conspirators in the triumph of
establishing the Federal Reserve , " Colonel " Edward Mandell House , who
is purported to have said this in a private meeting with President
Woodrow Wilson :
" [ Very ] soon , every American will be required to register their
biological property in a national system designed to keep track of
the people and that will operate under the ancient system of
pledging .
By such methodology , we can compel people to submit to our
agenda , which will effect our security as a chargeback for our fiat
paper currency .
Every American will be forced to register or suffer
being unable to work and earn a living .
They will be our chattel , and
we will hold the security interest over them forever , by operation of
the law merchant under the scheme of secured transactions .
Americans , by unknowingly or unwittingly delivering the bills of
lading to us will be rendered bankrupt and insolvent , forever to
remain economic slaves through taxation , secured by their pledges .
They will be stripped of their rights and given a commercial value
designed to make us a profit and they will be none the wiser , for not
one man in a million could ever figure our plans and , if by accident
one or two should figure it out , we have in our arsenal plausible
deniability .
After all , this is the only logical way to fund
government , by floating liens and debt to the registrants in the form
of benefits and privileges .
This will inevitably reap to us huge
profits beyond our wildest expectations and leave every American a
contributor to this fraud which we will call ` Social Insurance . '
Without realizing it , every American will insure us for any loss we
may incur and in this manner , every American will unknowingly be our
servant , however begrudgingly .
The people will become helpless and
without any hope for their redemption and , we will employ the high
office of the President of our dummy corporation to foment this plot
against America . "
We now know how to respond to this treasonous fraud .
All my life I've
looked for the roots of war , injustice and oppression because if we
can find the basis of the rampant injustice in the world , we could
relieve enormous struggle and suffering .
I 've wondered at how little
the Constitution seemed to affect the courts and how often the truth
was buried in silence .
Mostly I saw greed and heartlessness in a
power struggle played out in politics .
But I did n't realize that the
game had been played in secret throughout American history .
And
ultimately , it is a game of monetary policy and politics ….
with a
spiritual component .
Like you , I 've watched and participated in the American scene for
many years .
I 've written many letters to the editor , congressmen ,
senators , presidents , distributed campaign literature to precincts ,
represented my precinct at county conventions , served food at Loaves
and Fishes , planted flowers at the feet of police threatening to
arrest those who had taken over HUD homes designated for the
homeless , worked with Welfare Moms , served as chairman of church
social ministry , fasted , spoke to churches on social justice ,
supported the protestors at Honeywell demonstrations against the
manufacture of cluster bombs , arrested for a war toy protest , booked ,
finger - printed , arraigned , marched in protest of the Vietnam War , the
Gulf War , and the attacks on Serbia and Kosovo .
A Peak into the Mind of a Tory
In 1999 I watched in utter amazement as the Supreme Court of the
United States overturned the Florida State Supreme Court 's decision
to proceed with a recount of the contested ballots and the Eleventh
District Court decision to uphold the decision of the Florida court .
In Orwellian doublespeak , Antonin Scalia wrote on Saturday , December
9 , 1999 :
" the counting of the votes that are of questionable legality does in
my view threaten irreparable harm to [ Bush ] , and to the country , by
casting a cloud upon which he claims to be the legitimacy of his
election .
Count first , and rule upon legality afterwards , is not a
recipe for producing election results that have the public acceptance
democratic stability requires . "
It was a brazen and Orwellian declaration .
What American who believes
in democracy could claim that something was wrong with counting
votes " first " ?
What American who believes in democracy could declare
one candidate the winner and protect him from " irreparable harm " if a
vote count showed him not to be the winner , after all ?
Of course , it
does n't make any sense , unless you realize the foundation upon which
Scalia based his transparently partisan remarks .
He does n't believe
in democracy , he does n't even believe in republicanism , he is a
monarchist .
Scalia revealed his true motivations when he spoke on the subject of
capital punishment at the University of Chicago ( February 2002 ) .
During his remarks , he stated : " The reaction of people of faith to
this tendency of democracy to obscure the divine authority behind
government should not be resignation to it , but the resolution to
combat it as effectively as possible . "
( " God 's Justice and Ours " at
http://www.firstthings.com/ftissues/ft0205/articles/scalia.html )
Democracy obscuring divine authority behind government ?
Perhaps this
helps shed some light on why Scalia and the four other right -
wing " justices " could so easily subvert our election process and ,
through an act of divine intervention , usher the son onto the throne
lost some eight years earlier by his father , George I . We are
assuming that we are still independent sovereigns and freemen as
declared by our Declaration of Independence and that the Constitution
is still in effect .
Scalia has no such illusion .
History supports
his position , sorry to say .
Scalia is an ideologue so accustomed to our willingness to continue
to be subjects that he does not even consider the ideal of a
government of , by , and for the people .
That ideal has remained as
useful fiction to be taught in Civics classes and mouthed by the
politicians .
HE KNOWS that we are mere chattel by presumption .
Since we have not even discovered that our status as freemen has been
lost through more than two hundred years of our history , much less
withdrawn our implied consent to be subjects , we are presumed to be
subjects before the courts and in the minds of people like Scalia .
Scalia speaks of civil disobedience with contempt and quotes the
Bible , " Ye must needs be subject . "
We must , as mere servants of the
ruling class , acquiesce to our divinely guided leaders .
For who are
we , as mere subjects , to question those who make ( or interpret ) the
laws ?
After all , he says that " government carries the sword as ' the
minister of God , ' to ' execute wrath ' upon the evildoer . "
No , he has
not reverted to a justice of another time — WE have by our ignorance
and silence , acquiesced to a lower status reminiscent of another
time .
There you have it !
In his eyes , we are subjects unworthy of honor ,
peace and justice .
Somehow Scalia 's statements seem like a long way
from the Declaration of Independence in which Americans stood before
the world as sovereigns invested with certain inalienable rights ,
including the right to life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness .
After the American Revolution , the monarchies of Europe saw Democracy
as an unnatural , ungodly , ideological threat , every bit as radical
and dangerous as Communism was regarded by Western nations upon its
inception .
Just as the 1917 Communist Revolution in Russia spawned
other revolutions around the world , the American Revolution provided
an example and incentive for people all over the world to overthrow
their European monarchies .
What has happened ?
When did we give up
our natural , God - given rights ?
Our forefathers fought and won that
war did n't they ?
Sovereignty , Revolution , Birth of a New Nation
Yes , our forefathers fought one of the bloodiest wars in history and
won their independence .
They understood the historical roots of war ,
injustice and oppression , and we 've lost this knowledge .
Our history
books did , indeed , leave out a lot of the truth and lied about much
of the rest .
History teachers often teach history in such a way that
young students swear to never again study history !
When I attempted
to teach American History from sources outside the history books I
was forced from my 26 - year teaching career by my principal .
We have
been led and lulled to forget WHO we are .
All this has been
engineered by those who would keep us ignorant of the truth .
The primary reason for the War for Independence was not " taxation
without representation " , but the forced payment of taxes to the King
in gold instead of paper money .
America was flourishing by using her
own " fiat money " system based only on production , not a gold - based
system that could be manipulated by the King .
The King could
not " control " the fiat money system and therefore passed a law
requiring that taxes be paid in gold only .
The King had most of the
gold — the colonies had little ; so unemployment ensued — and embittered
colonists cried for war .
Benjamin Franklin put it this way , " The
colonies would have gladly born the little tax on tea , and other
matters , had it not been that England took away from the colonies
their money . "
Prior to the Revolutionary War , The Times of London
said this regarding fiat money in America :
" If this mischievous financial policy , which has its origins in North
America , shall become endurrated down to a fixture , then that
government will furnish its own money without cost .
It will pay off
debts and be without debt .
It will have all the money necessary to
carry on its commerce .
It will become prosperous without precedent in
the history of the world .
The brains and the wealth of all the
countries will go to North America .
That country must be destroyed
or it will destroy every Monarchy on the
globe . "
The truth is that the Revolution failed .
You might say that we won a
military victory over the most powerful military force on the planet
at the time .
However , reading the Treaty of Paris it is clear that we
were not exactly negotiating as equals .
We had won the recall of British troops but not the bankers .
Even
though we are taught that we won our independence from England , we
actually were able to remain free from the international bankers for
only a few years at the close of the presidency of Andrew Jackson .
The most visible of the power structure was the East India Company
owned by the bankers and the Crown in London , England .
This was an
entirely private enterprise whose flag was adopted by Queen Elizabeth
in 1600 — thirteen red and white horizontal stripes with a blue
rectangle in its upper left - hand corner .
All debts owed before the
war were to be collected by the foreign creditors .
When the creditors of the new nation found the Articles of
Confederation to be inadequate to exact payment from their young
debtor , the Constitution was written and supported by the bankers
through their associates , for increase their control over the United
States of America .
Had the Articles of Confederation been completed
and adopted , instead of the Constitution , the bankers would have had
far less control .
Any constitution must have some prior reference to establish its
foundation .
The authority for the American Constitution is based
upon the Bible ; the Magna Carta , signed in 1215 by King John ; the
Petition of Rights , granted by King Charles I in 1628 ; the English
Bill of Rights , granted by William and Mary in 1689 ; the right of
habeas corpus , granted by King Charles II , and the Articles of
Confederation .
Any and every constitution thereafter must have an
enabling clause .
From this point onward , no constitution may
diminish , in any manner , those rights already established in the
above six documents .
The Declaration of Independence established that all people are
sovereign under God 's Natural Law .
Sovereign people of the various
states , created the state governments for the protection of their
rights .
They delegated certain authority from the people 's powers by
and through the state constitutions in order that the three branches
of government could properly carry out the dictates outlined in the
State constitutions to protect our rights .
The States then created the United States .
The American Constitution created a new structure of government that
was established on a much higher plane than either the parliamentary
system or the confederation of states .
It was a
people 's " constitutional republic , " where a certain amount of power
was delegated to the states and a certain amount was delegated to the
federal government .
The United States , by way of the Congress of the
United States , has certain powers delegated by the Constitution .
So
far as the several States party to the Constitution are concerned ,
the United States may not exercise power not delegated by the
Constitution .
All power not delegated to the United States by the
Constitution is reserved to the several States within their
respective territorial borders — or , to the people .
British Subversion , Banks , and Treason
Even though the Treaty of Paris ended the Revolutionary War in 1783 ,
the simple fact of our existence threatened the monarchies where it
hurts most : financially .
The United States stood as a heroic role
model for other nations , which inspired them to also struggle against
oppressive monarchies .
The French Revolution ( 1789 - 1799 ) and the
Polish uprising ( 1794 ) were , in part , encouraged by the American
Revolution .
Though we stood like a beacon of hope for most of the
world , the monarchies regarded the United States as a political
infection , the principle source of radical democracy that was
destroying monarchies around the world .
The monarchies realized that
if the principle source of that infection could be destroyed , the
rest of the world might avoid the contagion and the monarchies would
be saved .
Knowing they could n't destroy us militarily , they resorted to more
covert methods of political and financial subversion , employing spies
and secret agents skilled in bribery and legal deception ; it was
perhaps the first " cold war . "
In the 1794 Jay Treaty , the United
States agreed to pay £ 600,000 sterling to King George III , as
reparations for the American Revolution .
The US Senate ratified the
treaty in secret session and ordered that it not be published .
When
Benjamin Franklin 's grandson published it anyway ( perhaps our first
whistleblower ) , the exposure and resulting public up - roar so angered
the Congress that it passed the Alien and Sedition Acts ( 1798 ) so
federal judges could prosecute editors and publishers for reporting
the truth about the government .
Since we supposedly had won the Revolutionary War , why would our
Senators agree to pay reparations to the loser ?
And why would they
agree to pay £ 600,000 sterling , eleven years after the war ended ?
It
does n't make sense , especially in light of the Senate 's secrecy and
later fury over being exposed … unless we assume our Senators had been
bribed to serve the British monarchy and betray the American people !
That is treason !
From the beginning , the United States Bank had been opposed by the
Democratic - Republicans lead by Thomas Jefferson , but the Federalists
( the pro-monarchy party ) won the vote .
The initial capitalization
was $ 10,000,000 -- 80 % of which would be owned by foreign bankers .
Since the bank was authorized to lend up to $ 20,000,000 ( double its
paid capital ) , it was a profitable deal for both government and the
bankers , since they could lend , and collect interest on $ 10,000,000
that did n't exist .
However , the European bankers outfoxed the U.S. government , and by
1796 , the US government owed the bank $ 6,200,000 and was forced to
sell most of its shares .
By 1802 , our government owned no stock in
the United States Bank !
Thomas Jefferson had warned ,
If the American people ever allow private banks to control the issue
of their currency , first by inflation , then by deflation , the
banks ... will deprive the people of all property until their children
wake - up homeless on the continent their fathers conquered ....
The
issuing power should be taken from the banks and restored to the
people , to whom it properly belongs .
Several short - lived attempts to impose the central banking scheme on
the United States were defeated by the patriotic efforts of
Presidents Madison , Jefferson , Jackson , Van Buren and Lincoln .
Bank Fraud , Bribery , and Corruption
Chief among the international financiers was Amshel Bauer of Germany
who , in 1748 opened a goldsmith shop under the name of Red Shield .
( in German the name is spelled Rothschild and is pronounced Rote -
shilld ) .
In 1787 , Amshel ( Bauer ) Rothschild made the famous
statement : " Let me issue and control a Nation 's money , and I care not
who writes the laws . "
He had five Sons Amshel Mayer , Solomon , Jacob ,
Nathan , and Carl .
In 1798 , the five Rothschild brothers expanded by
opening banks in Germany , Vienna , Paris , London , and Naples .
The objective behind this bank was to receive special privilege to
use the unjust fractional reserve banking to print money and loan it
to the government and industry .
No money could go into circulation
without interest being paid to the bankers .
Fractional reserve banking is very simple .
It is simply a special
privilege given to a man or group of men to create credit out of thin
air ; by extending this credit / debt to everyone else in society who
does not have the same privilege , and then collecting from society
the money plus interest , they become very rich without having to
produce anything of value .
The basic mathematics behind this system is very clear .
If this
system is left in place long enough , the man or group who controls
this system of debt creation will own all the gold available in the
nation .
Once the supply of real money ( gold ) is in his or their
hands , this man or group of men becomes the master of the entire
nation .
Why ?
Because this man or group of men controls the only
source of operating medium ( money ) available through which the nation
functions .
Only the man who has the privilege of printing the money
and loaning it at interest can determine who gets special funding — his
friends and allies .
Everyone else is limited to how much money they
have access to ; therefore , after two or three generations , the
friends and allies of this " banker " will own all of the nation — just
as America is now owned by a very small cadre of very wealthy men .
How long this process takes to work its way through the wealth of the
nation depends upon how successful the " banker " is in forcing ,
through bribery and corruption , the restriction of the formal
government 's issuance of real money backed by gold or silver .
As the
supply of real money shrinks , the people of the nation are forced to
rely on the creation of a fictitious debt by the privileged few to a
greater and greater extent , until finally , the only thing left is a
massive amount of " unpayable debt , " created from nothing and
consisting only of the interest charged upon the fictitious debt , and
collecting interest for every moment of its existence .
All for the
benefit of the privileged , who become the de facto ( illegally
usurped ) government because of the " money power " they wield .
Through the Bank of England , the Rothschilds demanded a private bank
in the United States to hold the securities of the United States as
the pledged assets to the Crown of England in order to secure the
debt to which our government had defaulted .
As one of his first acts ,
President Washington declared a financial emergency .
William Morris
with the help of Alexander Hamilton , Secretary of Treasury , heavily
promoted the creation a private bank to service the debt to the
international bankers .
In 1791 , Congress chartered the first national
bank for a term of 20 years , to hold the securities of the same
European bankers who had been holding the debts before the war .
The
bankers loaned worthless , un - backed , non-secured printed money to
each other to charter this first bank .
In December 12 , 1791 , the Bank
of the United States opened its doors in Philadelphia .
The holder of the securities was the private bank .
So under public
international law , the creditor nation forced the United States to
establish a private bank to hold the securities as the collateral for
the national debt .
James Madison had warned , " History records that
the money changers have used every form of abuse , intrigue , deceit ,
and violent means possible to maintain their control over governments
by controlling money and its issuance . "
British Subversion , Titles of Nobility and Treason
For the early decades of US history , relations between the United
States and Great Britain remained strained .
Their relationship
deteriorated sharply with the outbreak of war in Europe in 1803 .
Britain imposed a blockade on neutral countries such as the United
States .
In addition , the British took American sailors from their
ships and forced them to serve in the British Navy .
Concerned about
the many English spies and troublemakers , Congress passed an
amendment to prevent those who had English titles and connections
from obtaining any seat in government .
Called the Titles of Nobility
Act ( TONA ) , it reads as follows :
" If any citizen of the United States shall accept , claim , receive , or
retain any title of nobility or honour , or shall without the consent
of Congress , accept and retain any present , pension , office , or
emolument of any kind whatever , from any emperor , king , prince , or
foreign power , such person shall cease to be a citizen of the United
States , and shall be incapable of holding any office of trust or
profit under them , or either of them . "
All " titles of nobility " were prohibited in both Article VI of the
Articles of Confederation ( 1777 ) and in Article I , Section 9 of the
Constitution of the United States ( 1778 ) , but there was no penalty .
Although already prohibited by the Constitution , an additional " title
of nobility " amendment was deemed necessary and was proposed in 1789 ,
again in 1810 , and finally ratified in 1819 .
But the notice of
ratification delivered to the Secretary of State , an attorney with
the title , " Esquire , " disappeared .
As a result , there still is no
penalty for accepting titles or emoluments from foreign rulers today ,
just the prohibition .
Clearly , the founding fathers saw such a serious threat in " titles of
nobility " and " honours , " that anyone receiving them would be required
to forfeit their citizenship .
Obviously the Amendment carried much
more significance for our founding fathers than is readily apparent
today .
They knew that our freedom could be subverted from inside our
government and had sought to prevent such a bitter betrayal .
Today
most Senators and Congressmen , all Federal judges , and some of our
Presidents are attorneys who carry the title " Esquire " often
abbreviated as " Esq . "
The Constitution still forbids this ,
nevertheless .
In Colonial America , attorneys trained attorneys , but most held
no " title of nobility " or " honor . "
There was no requirement that one
be a lawyer to hold the position of district attorney , attorney
general , or judge ; a citizen 's " counsel of choice " was not restricted
to a lawyer and there was no state or national bar associations .
The
only organization that certified lawyers was the International Bar
Association ( IBA ) , chartered by the King of England , headquartered in
London .
Lawyers admitted to the IBA received the rank " Esquire " -
a " title of British nobility . "
" Esquire " was the principle title of nobility which the 13th
Amendment ought to prohibit from the United States .
Why ?
Because
the loyalty of " Esquire " lawyers was suspect !
Lawyers with
an " Esquire " behind their names were agents of the monarchy , members
of an organization whose principle purposes were political and
regarded with the same wariness that some people today reserve for
members of the KGB or the CIA .
The archaic definition of " honor " ( as used when the 13th Amendment
was ratified ) meant anyone " obtaining or having an advantage or
privilege over another . "
A contemporary example of an " honor "
granted to only a few Americans is the privilege of being a judge :
Lawyers can be judges and exercise the attendant privileges and
powers , non-lawyers generally cannot .
We address the judge as , " your
Honor . "
By prohibiting " honors , " the missing , but now found , original 13th
amendment prohibits any advantage or privilege that would grant some
citizens an equal opportunity to achieve or exercise political
power .
Therefore , the second meaning ( intent ) of the original 13th
Amendment was to insure political equality among all American
citizens , by prohibiting anyone , even government officials , from
claiming or exercising a special privilege or power ( an " honor " ) over
other citizens .
Both " esquire " and " honor " would be key targets of the 13th Amendment
even today , because , while " titles of nobility " no longer apply now
precisely as they did back in the early 1800's , it is clear that
an " esquire " or bar attorney receives far better treatment in and by
the courts as well as by the public at large in general , whereas if
you represent yourself ( pro se ) or speak as a freeman ( pro per ) , you
are treated as though you were rabble .
Your opinions are of little
importance in court and you are often treated similarly by government
officials .
Because you are not " esquires " or bar attorneys , you are
considered to be a useless eater , a subject " out of control . "
The
concept of " honor " remains relevant , possibly more so today than at
any previous time in U.S. history , for they , the " honors , " are
greatly feared and even revered , even by the esquires who are
considered to be below them .
Since the Original 13th Amendment has
never been repealed , all acts of government since 1819 are
technically null and void since most lawmakers , prohibited from
participation in government by the Constitution and who should even
be stripped of their right to be a US Citizen under TONA , have
continued to interject themselves into the political process .
When the people discovered that European banking interests owned most
of the United States Bank they saw the sheer power of the banks and
their ability to influence representative government by economic
manipulation and outright bribery .
On February 20 , 1811 , Congress
therefore refused to renew the Bank 's charter on the grounds that the
Bank was unconstitutional .
This led to the withdrawal of $ 7,000,000
in specie ( money in coin ) by European investors , which in turn ,
precipitated an economic recession , and the War of 1812 .
This " war "
was punishment for America refusing to do business on the terms of
the International Banking families of the House of Rothschild ,
through the first Bank of the United States .
Congress refused to let
the National Bank renew its Charter .
Except for Gen. Andrew Jackson 's victory in the Battle of New
Orleans , the War of 1812 produced a string of American military
disasters .
The most shocking of these was the British Army 's burning
of the Capitol , the President 's house , and other public buildings in
Washington on August 24 and 25 , 1814 .
( Americans had previously
burned public buildings in Canada . )
During the War of 1812 our
national archives and many libraries and document repositories were
burned and some of the evidence of the TONA disappeared .
Nevertheless , the legislature of Virginia ratified the amendment and
it was subsequently printed in many official publications as the 13th
Amendment , even in states which had NOT ratified , such as
Connecticut .
But beginning in 1832 it began to disappear from texts ,
although official state publications continued to publish it as late
as 1876 .
There are undoubtedly other examples of the monarchy 's efforts to
subvert or destroy the United States ; some are common knowledge ,
others remain to be disclosed to the public .
For example , national
archivist David Dodge discovered a book called 2 VA LAW in the
Library of Congress Law Library .
According to Dodge , " This is an un -
catalogued book in the rare book section that reveals a plan to
overthrow the Constitutional government by secret agreements
engineered by the lawyers of the time . "
That is one of the reasons
why the TONA was ratified by the state of Virginia in the particular
manner in which they did , although the alleged " notification " thereof
was a long time thereafter claimed to have been " lost in the mail . "
You see , there is no public record that this aforementioned book
exists either !
That may sound surprising , but according to the Gazette
( 5/10/91 ) , " the Library of Congress has 349,402 un- catalogued rare
books and 13.9 million un- catalogued rare manuscripts . "
There may be
secrets buried in that mass of documents even more astonishing than a
missing Constitutional Amendment .
Yet this image of documentary
disarray appropriately describes our situation today : we are
inundated with information that we have not had the time or interest
to sort through .
As a result we have lost a precious treasure in the
chaos and turmoil of daily life : our sovereignty .
One amazing aspect of the War of 1812 was the existence of a
depression during wartime .
War always brings a short - term prosperity ,
except in the case of this war .
To understand this , it is vital for
you to know that all depressions and recessions are artificially
created through the restriction of a medium of exchange — money .
This
restriction keeps money OUT of circulation .
Fewer dollars available
to facilitate production and distribution means poverty and
starvation .
The precariousness of government finance during the war and the post
war recession convinced the Republican government under James
Madison , to re-establish a national bank .
Thus was created the Second
Bank of the United States in 1816 .
In January 9 , 1832 The Second National Bank applied for a charter
renewal 4 years early .
This time President Andrew Jackson vetoed the
Bank 's recharter on the grounds that the Bank was unconstitutional
and he successfully paid off the national debt leaving the U.S. with
a surplus of $ 5,000 .
He said , " If congress has the right under the
Constitution to issue paper money , it was given them to use
themselves , not to be delegated to individuals or corporations . "
On January 30 , 1835 , President Andrew Jackson attended a
congressional funeral in the Capitol building .
As he exited , Richard
Lawrence , an unemployed house painter , pointed a pistol at Jackson
and fired .
The percussion cap exploded , but the bullet did not
discharge .
The enraged Jackson raised his cane to strike his
attacker , who fired again .
The second weapon also misfired and the
sixty - seven - year - old president escaped assassination at close range .
Jackson was convinced that Lawrence was hired by his political
enemies , the Whigs , to stop his plan to destroy the Bank of the
United States .
Andrew Jackson violated public international law because he denied
the creditor his just lien rights on the debtor .
However , the
bankers did not lend value ( substance ) , so in actuality they had an
unperfected lien .
Therefore the law actually did not apply .
The End of the American Republic : the Shadow Government is Born
In 1860 - 61 , the Southern states walked out of Congress .
This created
sine die , a situation in which not enough representatives were
present to carry on legislative business .
This was a constitutional
crisis that the newly elected president , Abraham Lincoln , had to
resolve .
The Introduction to Senate Report 93-549 ( 93rd Congress , 1st Session ,
1973 ) summarizes the situation as best as possible :
" A majority of the people of the United States have lived all of
their lives under emergency rule .
. .
And , in the United States ,
actions taken by the Government in times of great crises have –from ,
at least , the Civil War — in important ways , shaped the present
phenomenon of a permanent state of national emergency . "
From the research information available , it can be reasonably proven
that when the Southern states walked out of Congress on March 27 ,
1861 , the quorum to conduct business under the Constitution for the
united States of America was lost .
Thus , the only votes that Congress
could lawfully take , under parliamentary law , were those to set the
time to reconvene , take a vote to get a quorum , vote to adjourn and
set a date , time , and place to reconvene at a later time , but
instead , Congress apparently abandoned the House and Senate without
setting a date to reconvene .
Under the parliamentary law of Congress ,
when this happened , Congress became sine die ( pronounced see - na dee -
a ; literally " without day " ) and thus when Congress adjourned sine
die , it ceased to exist as a lawful deliberative body , and thus the
only lawful , constitutional power that could declare war was no
longer lawful , or in session .
It can also be reasonably proven that the Southern states , by virtue
of their secession from the Union , also ceased to exist sine die , and
that some state legislatures in the Northern bloc also adjourned sine
die , and thus , all the states which were parties to creating the
Constitution for the united States of America apparently ceased to
exist .
On April 15 , 1861 , President Lincoln executed an executive
order , Lincoln Executive Proclamation 1 , and it can also be
reasonably proven that the united States of America have been ruled
ever since by the President under executive powers .
It can also be reasonably proven that when Congress eventually did
reconvene , it was reconvened under the military authority of the
Commander - in - Chief and not by Rules of Order for Parliamentary bodies
or by Constitutional Law , thus placing the American people under
martial rule ever since the " national emergency " declared by
President Lincoln .
Thus , the Constitution for the united States of
America has subsequently temporarily ceased being the acknowledged
law of the land in many courts , and the President , Congress , and the
courts have unlawfully presumed that they were free to remake the
Union in a new image , whereas , lawfully , no constitutional provisions
were in place which afforded power to any of the actions which were
taken which presumed to place the Union under the new form of
control .
President Lincoln apparently knew that his executive orders no longer
had any force under Constitutional Law .
So he commissioned General
Orders No. 100 ( April 24 , 1863 ) apparently as a special code to
govern his actions under martial law and to justify the seizure of
power , which further extended the laws of the District of Columbia
and which also fictionally implemented the provisions of Article I ,
Section 8 , Clauses 17 - 18 of the Constitution beyond the boundaries of
Washington , D.C. and into the several states .
General Orders No. 100 ,
also called the Lieber Instructions and the Lieber Code , have
apparently extended the laws of war and private international law
into the American states , and the United States government has become
the presumed military conqueror of the people and the land of the
several American nations .
Martial rule has apparently been kept secret and has never really
ended .
Lincoln was assassinated before he could complete the
implementation of his plan to constitutionally and not militarily
reform the Southern national governments and restore Congress .
Ever
since the united States of America has been ruled under military law
under the Commander of Chief — the President — and his assumed executive
powers according to the policies of Executive Orders : a military
dictator type function .
Constitutional law under the original Constitution for the American
states is apparently enforced only as a matter of keeping the public
peace under the provisions of General Orders No. 100 under martial
rule .
This " peace " is further evidenced in the Preamble of the so -
called Expatriation Act of 1868 .
Under martial law , title is a mere
fiction , since all property belongs to the military except for that
property which the Commander - in - Chief may , in his benevolence , exempt
from taxation and seizure and upon which he allows the " enemy " to
reside .
In proclaiming the first Trading with the Enemy Act by Executive
Order , President Lincoln set in place the means by which the federal
government could interact with Americans who were not 14th Amendment
citizens .
They could technically be designated as enemies .
Are you
beginning to understand how We the People could be at odds with
our " government ? "
In a message to Congress December 3 , 1861 , Abraham Lincoln answered
the banker 's argument that the people could not be trusted with their
constitutional power , the political and monetary system of free
enterprise conceived by our Founding Fathers , by saying :
" No men living are more worthy to be trusted than those who toil up
from poverty -- none less inclined to take or touch aught which they
have not honestly earned .
Let them beware of surrendering a political
power which they already possess , and which if surrendered , will
surely be used to close the door of advancement against such as they ,
and to fix new disabilities and burdens upon them , till all of
liberty shall be lost . "
In 1865 , just before the close of the Civil War , President Lincoln
declared his new monetary policy :
" The Government should create , issue , and circulate all the currency
and credits needed to satisfy the spending power of the Government
and the buying power of consumers .
By the adoption of these
principles , the taxpayers will be saved immense sums of interest .
Money will cease to be master and become the servant of humanity … .
The privilege of creating and issuing money is not only the supreme
prerogative of government , but it is the governments ' greatest
opportunity . "
Had it been implemented , it would have ushered in a worldwide
economic renewal .
Unfortunately , a few weeks after its introduction ,
Lincoln was assassinated because he defied the bankers in proposing
to print interest free money to pay the war debt .
Thus , the
government continued to operate fully under the authority of private
law dictated by the creditor .
Since President Lincoln was assassinated before he could complete
plans for reforming constitutional government in the Southern States
and end the martial rule by executive order , the 14th Amendment to
the Constitution has further created a " new citizenship " or " status "
for the expanded jurisdiction .
Laws for the District of Columbia were
proposed and passed by Congress in 1871 , the District of Columbia
being incorporated as a private , foreign corporation by The District
of Columbia Organic
Act of 1871 , and all states in the Union were
apparently reformed as franchisees or political subdivisions of the
corporation known as the UNITED STATES , hence creating a new union of
American states .
What remained of the government was the private side
under the rule of the bankers .
The first attempt by Congress to define citizenship was in 1866 in
the passage of the Civil Rights Act ( Revised Statutes section 1992 , 8
United States Code Annotated section 1 ) .
The act provided that :
" All persons born in the United States and not subject to any foreign
power are declared to be citizens of the United States . "
And this in turn was followed in 1868 by the adoption of the
Fourteenth Amendment , United States Code Annotated Amendment 14 ,
declaring :
" All persons born or naturalized in the United States , and subject to
the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the United States and of
the State wherein they reside . "
At this period of time , the only people in the United States who were
under the jurisdiction of the private bifurcated government of the
ten miles square of Washington , D.C. , were the government employees ,
those within the territories owned by the United States and now the
former slaves .
The former citizens of the South , now " captured "
became 14th Amendment citizens .
The remainder of the people could
still invoke the power over government through original jurisdiction
of the Republic side of the Constitution .
A new 13th Amendment was enacted December 18 , 1865 and the 14th
Amendment was enacted July 28 , 1868 .
It was ratified in Southern
states under martial law .
A state could only obtain its freedom from
federal military rule by ratifying this amendment .
Any contract
entered under duress is null and void .
But then the Constitution was
not even in effect following sine die and the proclamation of martial
law .
The 14th Amendment brought the freed slaves , whose previous owners
were private plantations and transferred those slaves under
subjection of the government , the ten miles square jurisdiction of
Washington , D.C.
And it offered its protection to those who would
choose to become its subjects … in exchange for their sovereignty .
The 14th Amendment is a good example of the " give - a - little , take a
lot " strategy that is often used , a sugar coating to a bitter pill .
Sovereign Citizens had created a government to guarantee them their
rights .
In contrast , the federal government created fourteenth
amendment citizenship to guarantee its power over its citizens .
It
seems to be taking citizens under its protection but at the price of
servitude .
Sovereigns may choose to become subjects ; free men and
women to become vassals .
This amendment has always been
controversial .
Many people over the years have questioned the amount
of power it vests in the federal government .
Some have even
questioned its validity .
On one occasion Judge Ellett of the Utah
Supreme Court remarked :
" I cannot believe that any court , in full possession of its
faculties , could honestly hold that the amendment was properly
approved and adopted .
State v. Phillips , Pacific Reporter , 2nd
Series , Vol. 540 , Page 941 , 942 ( 1975 )
However , the most important fact about this amendment is that ,
although it created a new class of citizen , it did not have any
effect on Sovereign Citizens .
Both classes still exist :
When the
Constitution was adopted the people of the United States were the
citizens of the several States for whom and for whose posterity the
government was established .
Each of them was a citizen of the United
States at the adoption of the Constitution , and all free persons
thereafter born within one of the several States became by birth
citizens of the State and of the United States .
Both classes of citizen still exist .
It 's your right to be a
Sovereign Citizen , while it's a privilege to be a fourteenth
amendment citizen , and most importantly , it 's up to you to determine
which one you are , and which one you want to be .
Just remember that
you " pay " for a privilege , whereas a right carries no obligation .
This is at the heart of your personal Declaration of Independence .
Two Governments , Two Flags : the Corporate State
Once the smoke settled after the Civil War , European international
bankers arrived in town .
In 1871 the default again loomed and
bankruptcy was imminent .
So in 1872 , the ten miles square District
of Columbia was incorporated in England .
A loophole was discovered
in the Constitution by cunning lawyers in league with the
international bankers .
They realized that a separate nation by the
same name existed that Congress had created in Article I , Section 8 ,
Clause 17 .
The Congress shall have power :
To exercise exclusive legislation in all cases whatsoever , over such
district ( not exceeding ten square miles ) as may , by cession of
particular States , and the acceptance of Congress , become the seat of
government of the United States , and to exercise like authority over
all places purchased by the consent of the legislature of the state
in which the same shall be , for the erection of forts , magazines ,
arsenals , dock yards , and other needful buildings ; - And
To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying
into execution the foregoing powers , and all other powers vested by
this constitution in the government of the United States , or in any
department or officer thereof .
This " United States " is a Legislative " Democracy " within the
Constitutional Republic , and is known as the Federal United States .
It has exclusive , unlimited rule over its Citizenry , the residents of
the District of Colombia , the territories and enclaves ( Guam , Midway
Islands , Wake Island , Puerto Rico , etc. ) , and anyone who is a Citizen
by way of the 14th Amendment ( naturalized Citizens ) .
Both United States have the same Congress that rules in both nations .
One " United States , " the Republic of fifty States , has the " stars and
stripes " as its flag , but without any fringe on it .
The Federal
United States ' flag is the stars and stripes with a yellow fringe ,
seen in all the courts .
The abbreviations of the States of the
Continental United States are , with or without the zip codes , Ala. ,
Alas. , Ariz. , Ark. , Cal. , etc .
The abbreviations of the States under
the jurisdiction of the Federal United States , the Legislative
Democracy , are AL , AK , AZ , AR , CA , etc. ( without any periods ) .
The international bankers and the Congress conjured up this bit of
mischief and passed it into law .
But whose law ?
Congress broke faith
with
We the People in 1871 and sold us out when they formed a private
corporation and made it the government of the District of Columbia .
They used the Constitution through the 14th Amendment , as their by -
laws , therefore taking their authority not under the Constitution but
taking their authority over the constitution .
They copyrighted not
only the constitution but also many related names such as , THE UNITED
STATES , U.S. THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA , USA as their own .
This is
the final blow to the original constitution .
Hence forth , the UNITED
STATES has been governed entirely by private corporate law , dictated
by the banks as creditors .
The " Act to Provide a Government for the District of Columbia , "
Section 34 of the Forty - First Congress of the United States , Session
III , Chapter 61 and 62 , enacted February 21 , 1871 , states that the
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA is a corporation , whose jurisdiction is
applicable only in the ten - mile - square parcel of land known as the
District of Columbia and to whatever properties are legally titled to
the UNITED STATES , by its registration in the corporate County ,
State , and Federal governments that are under military power of the
UNITED STATES and its creditors .
Under this provision , the military
Congress of the UNITED STATES had obtained the power to pass private
international law for application within the federal District of
Columbia .
All States of the Union adopted new legislatively
created ' conditions ' and ' codified ' their laws under federal
mandate .
State ' codes ' were unlawfully adopted despite their origin
as instruments of sovereign people .
However , We the People remained
sovereign .
UNITED STATES CODE , Title 28 , 3002 ( 15 ) ( A ) , basically reiterates that
the UNITED STATES is a corporation .
What was not said in 1871 , but
was implicit , was what is plainly stated at Title 28 , 3002 ( 15 ) ( 3 ) :
That all departments of the UNITED STATES CORPORATION are part of the
corporation .
Title 28 , UNITED STATES CODE , is Copyrighted Private
International Law .
Indeed , the UNITED STATES CODE , in its entirety ,
is Copyrighted Private International Law , and applicable only in the
District of Columbia .
This incorporation was first reported by Gary W. Phillips , whose
career with the Immigration and Naturalization Service began in 1956 .
He was the INS director at Sea Tac Airport for 20 years and began
challenging the income tax in 1985 ( The Idaho Observer , March , 2000 ) .
After nearly 40 years of government service , Phillips was forced to
flee his country to protect his life after exposing the facts of the
illegality of the federal government 's criminal income tax collection
scam -- facts that are becoming well know among informed people
throughout the country .
Where did the Congress find the authority in the Constitution to
reconstitute any part of the united States as a corporation ?
Quite
simply , the 1791 Constitution was set aside to make room for the
corporation .
Would this Act benefit the Republic ?
No , the private ,
corporate bottom line is profit .
The municipal , public bottom line is
service .
To replace our service - oriented form of government with a
profit - oriented form of government without our knowledge or consent
can only be described as treason .
A few superficial changes were made to the original Constitution and
it was no longer the real thing .
Congress did not change the name of
the document so they could claim to be reading from the Constitution .
They merely changed it from the Constitution for the united States of
America to the CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA .
They
changed the " for " to " of ' " and capitalized all the letters .
All of
the sudden we had two Constitutions , the original for show and the
revision for actual use .
The Act of 1871 provided a government for the District of Columbia
and created a corporation entitled the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA whose
jurisdiction extends only over corporate entities created by the
municipal corporation and operative only in the District of Columbia .
Washington , District of Columbia is the capitol of the District of
Columbia , not the United States of America , and all laws passed
within the District of Columbia are applicable and enforceable only
in the District of Columbia and it's possessions .
The States of the Republic are not possessions of the District of
Columbia .
Puerto Rico , the Virgin Islands and Guam are possessions of
the District of Columbia as well as property legally titled to the
UNITED STATES by states and counties .
The UNITED STATES CODE , in totality , was put together in the District
of Columbia as Copyrighted Private International Law and is
applicable only in the District of Columbia .
By their own rules of
jurisdiction , the UNITED STATES attorneys have no business
prosecuting anyone outside of the District of Columbia or Federal
territories .
The federal court has no venue outside of the District
of Columbia and , therefore , has no jurisdiction outside of the
District of Columbia and its possessions .
The Congress cannot pass a
law that is applicable in the several States of the Republic .
If all the laws passed in the District of Columbia are Private
International Law , including all of the UNITED STATES CODE and the
statutes at large passed after 1871 , and are applicable and
enforceable only in the District of Columbia , then how could they
have become the law of the land ?
Because , not knowing better , We the
People allowed it .
We have allowed agents of foreign countries to
build an illegal corporation that has systematically corrupted every
state , county and city in this nation and corrupted the status and
standing of most people of the united States of America .
The only way
that a UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT can have jurisdiction over a
Sovereign is if the latter volunteers to the jurisdiction or fails to
declare his independence as a Sovereign .
This corporation has created dozens of agencies , the IRS , FBI , DEA ,
and the BATF , to name a few , which employ thousands of agents who
receive excellent salaries and benefits for betraying their friends
and families while enforcing the private edicts of the so - called
Congress .
The men and women of Congress smile , speak softly , and then
direct their illegal agencies to destroy those who do not fully
conform to their wishes , and strike fear into hearts of those who do .
Kidnapping and conspiracy are involved in every arrest and conviction
by federal authorities outside of the District of Columbia .
The question now leads to whether our duly elected public officials
swear an oath to uphold the Constitution for the united States of
America , the Republic within which our rights are protected by a
service - oriented government , or swear an oath to the CONSTITUTION OF
THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA , the profit - oriented corporation ?
It appears by their actions that most government employees , knowingly
or unknowingly , have sworn an oath to the corporate UNITED STATES .
It
is our duty as the People who elected them into office , to demand
accountability from our " public " officials and confront them as to
where their loyalties lie .
Is it with the corrupt , treasonous
corporation that is controlled by foreign agents from within and
without , or is it with our constitutional Republic , the united States
of America and her citizens ?
An articulate defender of a conservative monetary policy , President
James A. Garfield urged the resumption of specie payments and the
payment of government debts .
He said , " Whoever controls the volume
of money in any country is absolute master of all industry and
commerce . "
In his Inaugural Address in 1881 , Garfield said :
The chief duty of the National Government in connection with the
currency of the country is to coin money and declare its value .
Grave
doubts have been entertained whether Congress is authorized by the
Constitution to make any form of paper money legal tender .
The
present issue of United States notes has been sustained by the
necessities of war ; but such paper should depend for its value and
currency upon its convenience in use and its prompt redemption in
coin at the will of the holder , and not upon its compulsory
circulation .
These notes are not money , but promises to pay money .
If
the holders demand it , the promise should be kept .
Garfield was assassinated after only two hundred days in office , 80
days after being shot by a lawyer , ostensibly because he was upset
about not receiving an ambassadorial posting to France .
In 1909 , default loomed once again .
The US government asked the
Crown of England for an extension of time .
This extension was
granted for another 20 years on several conditions .
One of the
conditions was that the United States permit the creditors to
establish a new national bank .
The bankers moved deeper into our
nation by the establishment of the Federal Reserve Bank in 1913 , the
IRS to collect the interest on their loans made to the UNITED STATES ,
and the 17th Amendment enacted May 31 , 1913 , was the condition for
the extension of time .
The 16th and 17th Amendment further reduced
the states power .
The UNITED STATES adopted the mercantile system of
ancient Babylonian .
With the passage of the Federal Reserve Act of 1913 , the UNITED
STATES was firmly lashed to the yoke , so that a small number of very
rich men have been able to lay upon the people a yoke little better
than slavery itself .
That yoke inevitably grows heavier with ever -
compounding interest , and totals over $ 20 trillion of debt owed by
the American people today ( $ 80,000 per American ) .
This vast
accumulation of wealth concentrates immense power and despotic
economic domination in the hands of the few central bankers " who are
able to govern credit and its allotment , for this reason supplying ,
so to speak , the life - blood to the entire economic body , and
grasping , as it were , in their hands the very soul of the economy so
that no one dare breathe against their will . "
A worldwide tyranny is
gradually being imposed , hidden to most , by the money masters .
First World War
In 1917 we were drafted into the First World War. President Woodrow
Wilson had to find a way to persuade the American public to go along
with an intervention in another of Europe 's wars .
Although
restrained to be neutral in the deadly conflict by the Neutrality
Act , he sent our navy to shepherd British convoys across the
Atlantic .
German U - boat commanders did not take the bait and avoided
contact with the US destroyers .
To force the issue , a US naval ship
sailed into the midst of a battle between British and German naval
fleets and was sunk .
But when the truth was learned , Wilson had to
find another way .
The Lusitania was a speedy warship refitted by the British as a
passenger liner .
Unknown to its passengers the Lusitania was
carrying a huge cargo of military equipment and munitions in
violation of the US Neutrality Act .
The Germans knew that and tried
to warn the passengers by placing advertisements in prominent US
newspapers .
The US State Department ordered all of the newspapers to
refuse the ad .
Only one newspaper in Des Moines , Iowa , bravely
published the information .
To ensure a successful provocation , the
Lusitania was ordered to sail at 75 % speed using only three of its
four powerful engines .
Then the naval escort was ordered away
leaving the Lusitania vulnerable as it entered the war zone .
The
first torpedo hit the explosive cargo and blew the bottom out of the
Lusitania .
It sank in only 18 minutes .
126 innocent civilians died .
Wilson now had his provocation to rally Americans behind the " War to
End All Wars . "
The US participation in WWI exacerbated the national debt so that it
became impossible for us to pay it off in 1929 .
It also enhanced the
War Powers Act that President Lincoln , by Executive Order put in
place during his Presidency .
This War Powers
Act was re-enforced and
the Trading with the Enemy Act of 1917 was passed to define ,
regulate , and punish those who were trading with enemies , who were
then required by that act to be licensed by the government to do
business .
This will become more important later on .
The Great Depression : From Sovereignty to Servitude
We all know what happened in 1929 .
This was the year of the stock
market crash and the beginning of The Great Depression .
The stock
market crash moved billions of dollars from the people to the banks .
This also removed cash from circulation for the people 's use .
Those
who still possessed any cash , invested in high interest yielding
Treasury Bonds driven higher by increased demand .
As a result , even
more cash was removed from circulation in the general public to the
point where there was not enough cash left in circulation to buy the
goods being produced .
Production came to a halt as excess inventory
overwhelmed the market .
There were more products on the market than
there was cash to buy them .
Prices plummeted and industries plunged
into bankruptcy , throwing millions of people out of work .
Foreclosures on homes , factories , businesses and farms rose to the
highest level in the history of America .
A mere dime was literally
salvation to many families now living on the street .
Millions of
people lost everything they had , keeping only the clothes on their
backs .
In Europe , the International Bankers in 1930 declared several nations
bankrupt , including the United States .
In 1933 , immediately after
Franklin Delano Roosevelt took office , his first act as President was
to publicly declare the United States bank holiday .
He further went
on to issue his Presidential Executive Order on March 5th , 1933 that
all United States Citizens must turn in all their gold in return for
Federal Reserve Notes .
This was passed into law by Congress on June
5 , 1933 .
We the People turned in all our gold at that time .
Why ?
Were we
United States Citizens ?
No .
We were still a sovereign people until
that time .
We just thought that we were required to turn in all our
gold .
Only those people living in Washington , D.C. , and the 14th
Amendment Citizens were so required .
As sovereigns , we were not
under the jurisdiction of the United States of America , which
incorporated in 1872 .
When we turned in our gold , we just volunteered to be citizens of the
jurisdiction of the ten miles square of Washington D.C. and their
laws .
We became 14th Amendment Citizens .
Our birth certificates , the
title to our bodies , were registered at the Department of Commercial .
This title to our bodies , all of our property and all of our future
labor , was pledged to the International Bankers as security for the
money owed in bankruptcy .
This was done under the authority of
commercial law ( Babylonian law ) by and through Title .
The American
People were not in bankruptcy .
Only the Corporate UNITED STATES was
in bankruptcy .
But with the US Corporation holding the title to your
body and life , you could be used for collateral to secure the
national debt through the birth certificate given by parents
voluntarily to be entered into the Commercial Registry .
This act , in
commerce , gave Title to your body by way of a " constructive "
contract .
Next , the government created an artificial ' person ' in your name , a
corporation , a fictitious entity to take its place in a virtual
reality of contract law and corporations .
By and through an adhesion
contract , the government then made you , the real man or woman ,
responsible for that fictional entity , a fiduciary and surety for an
artificial entity .
Your artificial entity secured the National debt
and through it , you became a 14th Amendment Citizen of the UNITED
STATES .
In other words , they got you to think and act as though you
really were that fictional entity .
You agreed by your action or
failure to act .
YOU adhered to a contract offer because you thought
or acted as though you were the receiver of the offer .
In doing so ,
YOU were presumed to have ACCEPTED THE CONTRACT .
All licenses and all existing contracts are made between the UNITED
STATES or THE STATE OF ( whatever state you live in ) and your
artificial entity .
That fictitious entity binds you to the UNITED
STATES and its sub-corporations because they have , through adhesion
contract , made you , the real man or woman , fiduciary and responsible
for that artificial entity .
Of course , you voluntarily sign , and
even request , all those contracts , do n't you ?
It seems to be your
name , although you probably never spell it all in capital letters as
they do .
They wish for you to think nothing of the aberration ,
perhaps just something they do to be clear and error - free .
All of these contracts you sign carry with it your agreement to obey
and uphold all the laws , rules and regulations passed by the Congress
of the UNITED STATES CORPORATION and THE STATE OF .
. . . and will be
enforced against you .
From that day forward , We the People , once upon a time sovereigns who
created government for our convenience and welfare , could never own
property in allodium because the state now had possession of it all .
In 1964 , the state obtained title to all private property .
You can
only " rent " homes that you believe you own by paying taxes .
You only
have a certificate of title to the car you think you own , and you
continue to drive it because of your yearly fee .
The state owns the
true title to our homes , our cars , to everything we thought or think
we own .
You married the state through your marriage license and your
children became wards of the state .
All of this was pledged ,
including all the fruits of your future labor , to the bankers as
security against the national debt and was placed in the possession
of the Secretary of State of each state as an agent for the Trustee
of the Bankruptcy , the U.S. Secretary of Treasury .
Not knowing the
rules of the game you went directly to jail , you could not pass GO
and you could not collect $ 200 .
Cows in the Pasture or Freedom : the Hidden Choice
The way out of this is dilemma can be very complex .
In fact , its
complexity was intentional .
Roosevelt had violated the law by
placing us into servitude without our consent .
Congressman Louis T .
McFadden brought formal charges against the Federal Reserve and the
Secretary of the Treasury and was coming dangerously close to calling
for impeachment of Franklin D. Roosevelt .
Two months AFTER the
Executive Order , on June 5 , 1933 , the Senate and House of
Representatives , 73d Congress , 1st Session , at 4:30 pm approved House
Joint Resolution ( HJR ) 192 : Joint Resolution To Suspend The Gold
Standard And Abrogate The Gold Clause , Joint Resolution to assure
uniform value to the coins and currencies of the United States , which
formally declared the bankruptcy of the UNITED STATES .
F.D.R. by Executive Order declared the people outside federal
territories to be the enemy by illegally altering the Trading with
the Enemy Act of 1861 , revised 1918 .
The creation of Federal Zone citizenship further tightened up when
you applied for your Social Security number after 1935 .
The benefits
offered by this contract were hurriedly and voluntarily entered into
when the Social Security Act was signed into law .
Further contracts
were to be entered into and license to be applied for–all voluntary
actions .
We unknowingly were entering into lifelong servitude to
receive the benefits of the Lord of the Manor .
We had descended into
feudal vassalage without recognizing it .
President Roosevelt then called all the Governors into Washington D.
C. for a conference .
This was the beginning of the states losing the
remainder of their sovereignty .
It was not until 1944 that the
corporate states lost all their power over the corporate United
States with the Buck Act .
With this Act , the states became ,
essentially , 14th Amendment Citizens as well .
This completed the
destruction of the corporate states having any power to protect
against usurpation by the U.S. Government .
The corporate states went
under the jurisdiction of Washington , D.C .
Strangely enough , on October 28 , 1977 , HJR - 192 was quietly repealed
by public law 95 - 147 .
The joint resolution entitled " Joint resolution
to assure uniform value to the coins and currencies of the United
States " approved June 5 , 1933 ( 31 U.S.C. 463 ) , shall not apply to
obligations issued on or after the date of enactment of this section .
The reason for the repeal of HJR - 192 is somewhat obscure .
After 44
years of unchallenged implementation , this public policy is clearly
established by custom , usage and participation in the credit system
by the American public .
Those of us operating on the privilege of
limited liability , via the public credit , are still bound .
The adoption of the Uniform Commercial Code by all States in 1964 and
a number of other like laws and Acts were incorporated into this
nation .
This made the Uniform Commercial Code ( UCC ) , the Supreme Law
of the Land .
Courts Shift from Common Law to Equity and Admiralty Courts
Under the Constitution , based on Common Law , the Republic of the
Continental United States provides for legal cases : at Law , in
Equity , and in Admiralty .
(1) Law is the collective organization of the individual right to
lawful defense .
It is the will of the majority , the organization of
the natural right of lawful defense .
It is the substitution of a
common force for individual forces , to do only what the individual
forces have a natural and lawful right to do : to protect persons ,
liberties , and properties ; to maintain the right of each , and to
cause justice to reign over us all .
Since an individual cannot
lawfully use force against the person , liberty , or property of
another individual , then the common force — for the same reason — cannot
lawfully be used to destroy the person , liberty , or property of
individuals or groups .
Law allows you to do anything you want to , as
long as you do n't infringe upon the life , liberty or property of
anyone else .
Law does not compel performance .
Today 's so - called laws ( ordinances , statutes , acts , regulations ,
orders , precepts , etc. ) are often erroneously perceived as law , but
just because something is called a " law " does not necessarily make it
a law .
[ There is a difference between " legal " and " lawful . "
Anything
the government does is legal , but it may not be lawful . ]
(2) Equity is the jurisdiction of compelled performance ( for any
contract you are a party to ) and is based on what is fair in a
particular situation .
The term " equity " denotes the spirit and habit
of fairness , justness , and right dealing which would regulate the
intercourse of men with men .
You have no rights other than what is
specified in your contract .
Equity has no criminal aspects to it .
(3) Admiralty is compelled performance plus a criminal penalty , a
civil contract with a criminal penalty .
By 1938 the gradual merger procedurally between law and equity
actions ( i.e. , the same court has jurisdiction over legal , equitable ,
and admiralty matters ) was recognized .
The nation was bankrupt and
was owned by its creditors ( the international bankers ) who now owned
everything — the Congress , the Executive , the courts , all the States
and their legislatures and executives , all the land , and all the
people .
Everything was mortgaged in the national debt .
We had gone
from being sovereigns over government to subjects under government ,
through the use of negotiable instruments to discharge our debts with
limited liability , instead of paying our debts at common law with
gold or silver coin .
The change in our system of law from public law to private commercial
law was recognized by the Supreme Court of the United States in the
Erie Railroad vs. Thompkins case of 1938 , after which case , in the
same year , the procedures of Law were officially blended with the
procedures of Equity .
Prior to 1938 , all U.S. Supreme Court decisions
were based upon public law — or that system of law that was controlled
by Constitutional limitation .
Since 1938 , all U.S. Supreme Court
decisions are based upon what is termed public policy .
Public policy concerns commercial transactions made under the
Negotiable Instrument 's Law , which is a branch of the international
Law Merchant .
This has been codified into what is now known as the
Uniform Commercial Code , which system of law was made uniform
throughout the fifty States through the cunning of the Congress of
the UNITED STATES .
In offering grants of negotiable paper ( Federal Reserve Notes ) which
the Congress gave to the fifty States of the Union for education ,
highways , health , and other purposes , Congress bound all the States
of the Union into a commercial agreement with the Federal United
States ( as distinguished from the Continental United States ) .
The
fifty States accepted the " benefits " offered by the Federal United
States as the consideration of a commercial agreement between the
Federal United States and each of the corporate States .
The corporate
States were then obligated to obey the Congress of the Federal United
States and also to assume their portion of the equitable debts of the
Federal United States to the international banking houses , for the
credit loaned .
The credit which each State received , in the form of
federal grants , was predicated upon equitable paper .
This system of negotiable paper binds all corporate entities of
government together in a vast system of commercial agreements and is
what has altered our court system from one under the Common Law to a
Legislative Article I Court , or Tribunal , system of commercial law .
Those persons brought before this court are held to the letter of
every statute of government on the federal , state , county , or
municipal levels unless they have exercised the REMEDY provided for
them within that system of Commercial Law whereby , when forced to use
a so - called " benefit " offered , or available , to them , from
government , they may reserve their former right , under the Common Law
guarantee of same , not to be bound by any contract , or commercial
agreement , that they did not enter knowingly , voluntarily , and
intentionally .
See Howard Freeman here :
http://www.supremelaw.org/authors/freeman/freeman4.htm
In 1976 , Congress took away any semblance of law or justice left
within our court system .
All law today is now construed , constructed
and made up by the judge as it happens before your very eyes .
Common
law has almost disappeared from the courts .
They took away any
control or authority we might have had over the court system .
This
has been very well hidden from all of us .
Many of us going into court often wonder why and how the courts can
simply override the laws we put into our paperwork .
It 's very simple
now that we know how they do it .
They operate on the words `construe
and construct .'
A simple word such as `in ' changed to `at ' as in `at law ' or `in law '
has a totally separate meaning .
For example :
If you 're in the
river , you are wet , you can swim , etc. , but if you 're at the river ,
you might enjoy a refreshing picnic , play baseball or run races .
See
the difference a simple word can make ?
And , the attorneys often
change this word when they answer your motions – in addition to many
others .
It will pay you in dividends to read the answers of attorneys to your
paperwork .
Compare what they say the case law says to the actual
case law itself .
You 'll discover that they have actually changed the
words therein .
This is illegal , you might say .
No , not , according to
the US Code .
You see , they can now construe and construct any law or statute to
mean whatever they decide it means , for their benefit .
You do n't
know any of this .
You think they are railroading you in a kangaroo
court .
No , they are `legal ' in what they do .
They usually follow
the law to the letter ;
Their law , private law , the law of contract ,
that you know nothing about .
This law is called contract law .
Uniform Commercial Code : Contract Acceptance and Honor
If you do n't understand contract law or realize what law you are
dealing with when you go into court , you will lose .
Even if you have
filed your UCC - 1 and have captured your Title and your artificial
entity , this makes no difference in the above courts .
Why ?
They
operate in total fiction , in the land of Oz .
They can only recognize
contracts .
And you are a real sentient being .
( Still with numerous
adhesion contracts attached to you ) .
Whatever you file in that court ,
whether it is your UCC - 1 or Law from the Judicial and Original
Jurisdiction side , that is real , Lawful , truth .
They do not
recognize truth of any sort .
They only recognize fiction and contract
law .
So , when you go into any court , be aware that it is their law ,
that the judge or the prosecutor can `construe ' and `construct ' that
law in any fashion they choose .
It will always mean what they choose
it to mean .
So , are the courts bound by the Constitution ?
Law ?
Statutes ?
No ,
contracts only and the statutes used to enforce the contracts .
When used in conjunction with one 's signature , a stamp
stating " Without Prejudice U.C.C. 1-207 " is sufficient to indicate to
the magistrate of any of our present Legislative Tribunals
( called " courts " ) that the signer of the document has reserved his
Common Law right .
He is not to be bound to the statute , or commercial
obligation , of any commercial agreement that he did not enter
knowingly , voluntarily , and intentionally , as would be the case in
any Common Law contract .
Furthermore , pursuant to U.C.C. 1-103 , the statute being enforced as
a commercial obligation of a commercial agreement , must now be
construed in harmony with the old Common Law of America , where the
tribunal / court must rule that the statute does not apply to the
individual who is wise enough and informed enough to exercise the
remedy provided in this new system of law .
He retains his former
status in the Republic and fully enjoys his unalienable rights ,
guaranteed to him by the Constitution of the Republic , while those
about him " curse the darkness " of Commercial Law government , lacking
the truth needed to free themselves from a slave status under the
Federal United States , even while inhabiting territory foreign to its
territorial venue .
Howard Freeman
Summary of Historical Development of Modern Feudalism
THE UNITED STATES as a corporation , created in England , came under
the jurisdiction of England .
This entitled England to create laws as
England saw fit to do , establish those laws in THE UNITED STATES and
everyone who at that time was a 14th Amendment Citizen were subject
to obey those laws .
This also placed the Congress of THE UNITED
STATES above that portion of what we think is the constitution , not
under the authority of the constitution .
Copyrighted , remember ?
The
only Bill of Rights left at this point in time is four Amendments --
13th , 14th 15th , and 16th .
That is all the Courts are required to
take cognizance of when you appear in their courts .
The 1929 stock market crash and the Great Depression that followed
placed the American people in desperation , homelessness , poverty and
even starvation .
The minds of the people were focused on survival .
They were then in a condition to accept any handout given by the
government , no matter what the cost to their
freedoms .
We were drawn in as 14th Amendment Citizens through the registration
of our birth certificates .
We were further enticed deeper into that
system by volunteering for many other licenses and privileges given
by the government .
We were also made enemies of THE UNITED STATES .
This act gave the UNITED STATES authority , under the laws of war and
as a captured people , to force anything on us they choose to create .
Then , in 1976 , Congress removed any semblance of justice in our court
system with Senate bill 94-201 and 94-381 .
From this point forward ,
the ' officers of the court ' can construe and construct the laws to
mean anything they chose them to mean .
As 14th Amendment Citizens , we are not citizens of the America we
have always thought .
We are actually citizens of England , through
the corporation of THE UNITED STATES .
There is no law today except as fiction of copyrighted statutes , to
be interpreted by ' judges ' who construe and construct whatever they
choose to have those statutes mean .
We , as sovereigns irresponsibly recognized the Crown of England ( IMF )
as PRINCIPLE of America .
In reality , the IMF was the Creditor of the
UNITED STATES , a corporation , but NEVER you .
The Creditor of the
UNITED STATES designed invisible contracts to ensnare the sovereign
people of America as subjects .
The Creditor of the UNITED STATES
implemented the invisible contracts through apparent ' color of law '
and the sovereigns irresponsibly agreed .
We , as Sovereigns , through
the invisible contracts , and our irresponsibility to reject the
Creditors ( IMF ) ideas , have voluntarily given our substance to the
mythical creator of our situation .
You 'll find that there is a common thread woven throughout our entire
history and that thread is commerce , the merchant , the money - changer
( banks ) , the law merchant , i.e. , the law of commerce , civil law and
maritime law .
This is not to say that commerce is bad .
It does ,
however , say that commerce brings with it the laws of commerce .
Wherever commerce goes it brings laws that can bind people into
slavery .
This can happen only if the people agree with it .
Banks create " money " today out of thin air ; then , they charge , we ,
the people , interest on their creation .
This can happen only if the
people agree with it .
Thereafter , the merchants and the bankers
create laws , through lawmakers whom they control , that protect
commerce and bind the people to obey .
This can happen only if the
people agree with it .
The only reason this occurs is that we do not handle our own
affairs .
Me and My Shadow : the Fictional STRAWMAN
The elected and appointed administrators of government United States
government have been filing certified copies of all our birth
certificates in the United States Department of Commerce as
registered securities .
These securities , each of which carries an
estimated $ 1,000,000 value , have been ( and still are ) circulated
around the world as collateral for loans , entries on the asset side
of ledgers , etc. , just like any other security .
There 's just one
problem — we did n't consciously authorize it .
Now that you know , you
can choose to let them use you for collateral and pay interest on the
debt or you can take back your power and sovereignty .
The United States is a District of Columbia corporation .
In Volume
20 : Corpus Juris Sec. 1785 we find " The United States government is a
foreign corporation with respect to a State " ( NY re : Merriam 36 N.E .
505 1441 S. 0.1973 , 14 L. Ed. 287 ) .
Since a corporation is a
fictitious " person " ( it cannot speak , see , touch , smell , etc. ) , it
cannot , by itself , function in the real world .
It needs a conduit , a
transmitting utility , a liaison of some sort , to " connect " the
fictitious person , and the fictional world in which it exists , to the
real world .
Why is this important ?
LIVING people exist in a real world , not a fictional , virtual world .
But government exists in a fictional world , and can only deal
directly with other fictional or virtual persons , agencies , states ,
etc .
In order for a fictional person to deal with real people there
must be a connection , a liaison , a go - between .
This can be something
as simple as a contract .
When both " persons " , the real and fictional ,
agree to the terms of a contract , there is a connection , intercourse ,
dealings , there is communication , an exchange .
There is business .
But there is another way for fictional government to deal with the
real man and woman — through the use of a representative , a liaison , a
go - between .
Who is this go - between that connects fictional government
to real men and women ?
It 's a government - created shadow , a fictional
man or woman , a corporation with the same name as yours .
This PERSON was created by using your birth certificate as the
Manufacturer 's Certificate of Origin ( MCO ) and the state in which you
were born as the " port of entry . "
This gave fictional UNITED STATES
government a fictional PERSON with whom to deal directly .
This PERSON
is a STRAWMAN .
STRAMINEUS HOMO : Latin -
A man of straw , one of no substance , put
forward as bail or surety .
This definition comes from Black 's Law
Dictionary , 6th Edition , page 1421 .
Following the definition of
STRAMINEUS HOMO in Black 's we find the next word , STRAWMAN .
STRAWMAN : A front , a third party who is put up in name only to take
part in a transaction .
Nominal party to a transaction , one who acts
as an agent for another for the purpose of taking title to real
property and executing whatever documents and instruments the
principal may direct .
Person who purchases property for another to
conceal identity of real purchaser or to accomplish some purpose
otherwise allowed .
Webster 's Ninth New Collegiate Dictionary defines the
term " STRAWMAN " as " A weak or imaginary opposition set up only to be
easily confuted ; or a person set up to serve as a cover for a usually
questionable transaction " .
The STRAWMAN can be summed up as an imaginary , passive stand - in for
the real participant ; a front ; a blind ; a person regarded as a
nonentity .
The STRAWMAN is a " shadow " , a go - between .
For quite some time a rather large number of people in this country
have known that a man or woman 's name , written in ALL CAPS , or last
name first , does not identify real , living people .
Taking this one
step further , the rules of grammar for the English language have no
provisions for the abbreviation of people 's names , i.e. initials are
not to be used .
As an example , John Adam Smith is correct .
ANYTHING
else is not correct .
Not Smith , John Adam or Smith , John A. or J .
Smith or J.A. Smith or JOHN ADAM SMITH or SMITH , JOHN or any other
variation .
NOTHING , other than John Adam Smith identifies the real ,
living man .
All other appellations identify either a deceased man or
a fictitious man such as a corporation or a STRAWMAN .
Over the years , government , through its " public " school system , has
managed to pull the wool over our eyes and keep us all ignorant of
some very important facts .
Because all facets of the media have an
ever increasing influence in our lives , and because media is
controlled ( with the issuance of licenses , etc. ) by government and
its agencies , we have slowly and systematically been led to believe
that any form / appellation of our name is , in fact , still us as long
as the spelling is correct .
This is not true .
We were never told , with full and open disclosure , what our
government officials were planning to do ... and why .
We were never
told that government ( the United States ) was a corporation , a
fictitious " person " .
We were never told that government had quietly ,
almost secretly , created a shadow corporation , a STRAWMAN for each
and every American ... so that government could not only control the
people , but also raise an almost unlimited amount of revenue ; so it
could continue , not just to exist , but to GROW .
We were never told that when government deals with the STRAWMAN it is
not dealing with real , living men and women .
We were never told ,
openly and clearly with full disclosure of all the facts , that since
June 5 , 1933 , we have been unable to pay our debts .
We were never
told that we had been pledged ( and our children , and their children ,
and their children ) as collateral , mere chattel , for the debt created
by government officials who created treason in doing so .
We were never told that they quietly and cleverly changed the rules ,
even the game itself , and that the world we perceive as real is in
fact fictional - and its all for their benefit .
We were never told
that the STRAWMAN — a fictional person , a creature of THE STATE — is
subject to all the codes , statutes , rules , regulations , ordinances ,
etc. decreed by government , but that WE , the real man and woman , are
not .
We were never told that we were being treated as property , as
slaves , albeit comfortably for some , while living in the land of the
free — and that we could , easily , walk away from the fraud .
We never
realized that we were being abused .
By knowing the difference between
our real self and our STRAWMAN and behaving accordingly , we regain
our proper sovereignty over " legal fictions " and the ability to
experience true freedom which is our birthright , for the enjoyment of
the Divine in us all .
There 's something else you should know : Everything , since June 1933 ,
operates in COMMERCE .
Why is this important ?
Commerce is based on
agreement , on contract .
Government has an implied agreement with the
STRAWMAN which they created and the STRAWMAN is subject to government
rule , as we illustrated above .
But when we , the real flesh and blood
man and woman , infer that they are trying to communicate with us and
therefore step into their commercial " process " we become the " surety "
for the fictional STRAWMAN .
Reality and fiction are reversed .
We
then become liable for the debts , liabilities and obligations of the
STRAWMAN , relinquishing our real ( protected by the Constitution )
character as we stand in for the fictional STRAWMAN .
So that we can once again place the STRAWMAN in the fictional world
and keep ourselves in the real world ( with all our " shields " in place
against the fictional government ) we must send a non-negotiable
( private ) " Charge Back " and a non-negotiable " Bill of Exchange " to
the United States Secretary of the Treasury , along with a copy of our
birth certificate , the evidence , the Manufacturer 's Certificate of
Origin of the STRAWMAN .
By doing this we discharge our portion of the
public debt , releasing us , the real man or woman , from the debts ,
liabilities and obligations of the STRAWMAN .
Those debts , liabilities
and obligations exist in the fictional commercial world of " book
entries " on computers and / or in paper ledgers .
It is a world
of " digits " and " notes " , not of money and substance .
Property of the
real man once again becomes tax exempt and free from levy .
Sending the non-negotiable Charge Back and Bill of Exchange accesses
our Treasury Direct Account ( TDA ) .
What is our TDA ?
Title 26 USC
section 163(h ) ( 3 ) ( B ) ( ii ) , $ 1,000,000 limitation : " The aggregate
amount treated as acquisition indebtedness for any period shall not
exceed $ 1,000,000 ( $ 500,000 in the case of a married individual
filing a separate return ) . "
This $ 1,000,000 account is for the STRAWMAN , the fictional " person "
with the name in all caps and / or last name first .
It is there for the
purpose of making book entries , to move figures , " digits " from one
side of ledgers to the other .
Figures , digits , the entries in ledgers
must move from asset side to debit side and back again , or commerce
dies .
No movement , no commerce .
The fictional persona of corporate government can only function in a
functional commercial world , one where there is no real money , only
fictional funds ... mere entries , figures , digits .
Corporate , STATE courts only have jurisdiction over the STRAWMAN .
A
presentment from fictional government — whether traffic citation or
criminal charges — is a negative , commercial " claim " against the
STRAWMAN .
This " claim " takes place in the commercial , fictional world
of government .
" Digits " move from one side of your STRAWMAN account
to the other , or to a different account .
This is today 's commerce .
In
the past we have addressed these " claims " by fighting them in court ,
with one " legal process " or another , and failed .
We have played the
futile , legalistic , charade — a very clever distraction — while the
commerce game played on .
We were playing checkers whereas the rules
were MONOPOLY .
But what if we refused to continue playing the charade , and played
the commerce game instead ?
What if we learned how to control the flow
and movement of entries , figures and digits , for our own benefit ?
Is
that possible ?
And if so , how ?
How can the real man in the real
world , function in the fictional world in which the commerce game
exists ?
When in commerce do as commerce does - use the Uniform Commercial
Code ( UCC ) .
The UCC - 1 Financing Statement is the one contract in the
world that CANNOT be broken and it's the foundation of the Accepted
for Value process .
The power of this document is awesome .
Since the TDA exists for the STRAWMAN - who , until now , has been
controlled by the government - WE can gain control and ownership of
the STRAWMAN by first activating the TDA and then filing a UCC - 1
Financing Statement .
This does two things for us .
First , by activating the TDA we gain limited control over the funds
in the account .
This allows us to also move entries , figures and
digits ... for OUR benefit .
Secondly , by properly filing a UCC - 1 Financing Statement we become
the " holder in due course " of the STRAWMAN .
A filed UCC - 1 is public
notice of a registered lien by a real human being who is the secured
party , upon the STRAWMAN , the government - created , foreign non -
registered corporation .
With the STRAWMAN under our control ,
government has no access to the TDA and they also lose their go -
between , their liaison , their connection to the real , living man and
woman .
No longer a subject , you become a free sovereign once again .
You declare your independence !
From now on , when presented with any " claim " or presentment from
government , you will agree with it .
This removes the " controversy . "
And you " accept it for value . "
By doing this you remove the negative
claim against your account and become the " holder in due course " of
the presentment .
As holder in due course you can require the sworn
testimony of the presenter of the " claim " under penalty of perjury
and request the account be properly adjusted .
You do n't have liability for your STRAWMAN .
If you do commercial
assignments , you have an asset called a Bill of Exchange which you
can spend out .
The birth certificate represents the body .
The SSN
represents the commercial account .
Behind every birth certificate is
a $ 1,000,000 bond which is pre-paid financing on any activity of the
STRAWMAN .
Some people have used their TDA to pay off their home or
commercial mortgage , bank or student loans , tax liens , or credit card
debt ..
When you own your STRAWMAN and anyone else charges against HIM , then
that is commercial trespassing .
If anyone goes after your STRAWMAN
and wins any monetary award against the fiction of your STRAWMAN ,
then you ( the real person / secured party ) get the first $ 1,000,000 of
that because you have the first lien .
It 's all business , a commercial undertaking , and the basic procedure
is not complicated .
In fact , it 's fairly simple .
We just have to
remember a few things , like : this is not a " legal " procedure - we're
not playing People 's Court .
This is commerce , and we play by the
rules of commerce .
We accept the " claim " , become the holder in due
course , and challenge whether or not the presenter of the " claim "
had / has the proper authority , the Order , to make the claim ( debit our
account ) in the first place .
When they cannot produce the Order ( they
never can , it was never issued ) we request the account be properly
adjusted ( the charge or claim goes away ) .
Always Accept for Value ,
become the holder - in - due - course , and decide not to prosecute
yourself !
Are you getting used to this power yet ?
If they do n't adjust the account a request is made for the
bookkeeping records showing where the funds in question were
assigned .
This is done by requesting the Fiduciary Tax Estimate and
the Fiduciary Tax Return for this claim .
Since the claim has been
accepted for value and is pre-paid , and our TDA is exempt from levy ,
the request for the Fiduciary Tax Estimate and the Fiduciary Tax
Return is valid because the information is necessary in determining
who is delinquent and / or making claims on the account .
If there is no
record of the Fiduciary Tax Estimate and the Fiduciary Tax Return , we
then request the individual tax estimates and individual tax returns
to determine if there is delinquency .
If we receive no favorable response to the above requests , we will
then file a currency report on the amount claimed / assessed against
our account and begin the commercial process that will force them
either to do what is required or lose everything they own !
This is the power of contracts in commerce .
A contract overrides the
Constitution , the Bill of Rights , and any other document other than
another contract .
No process of law — " color " of law under present
codes , statutes , rules , regulations , ordinances , etc. — can operate
upon you ; no agent and / or agency of
COVID - 19 outbreaks reported at 3 more CSU fraternities
Three more CSU fraternities and a local youth sports team have new outbreaks of COVID - 19 , the state health department reported Wednesday
Libertarians for Junk Science
Recently the climate science community suffered something of an embarrassment with “ Climategate ” : the servers of the Climatic Research Unit were hacked , opening thousands of emails over a thirteen year period to scrutiny .
Some of these emails , if not undermining the validity of all global warming research , at least shows some climate scientists in the unflattering light of spinning data to promote a politically predetermined outcome .
But global warming advocates do n’t have a monopoly on the political abuse of science .
It ’s funny how the same libertarians who gleefully pounce on “ junk science ” when it serves an agenda they regard as inimical , are so fond of it themselves when it confirms their own prejudices .
A good example is Rachel Carson ’s alleged responsibility for millions of deaths from malaria , as a result of her role in banning DDT .
The neocon FrontPage magazine accused her of “ ecological genocide , ” and a character in a Michael Crichton novel went so far as to say she killed more people than Hitler .
The JunkScience .
Com (! ) website even has a malaria death clock featuring Rachel Carson ’s face .
Unfortunately , it ’s one of those things everybody knows that just ai n’t so .
Here are some of the holes in the received version of the story :
1 ) The various national bans on DDT all left a loophole for mosquito eradication when other available means were inferior to DDT .
Controlled use of DDT for mosquito eradication is entirely legal .
2 ) DDT was already losing its effectiveness for mosquito eradication in the 1960s because mosquitoes were becoming resistant to it .
3 ) DDT had numerous side - effects that outweighed its limited effectiveness as a pesticide .
Most importantly , and like most synthetic pesticides , it also poisoned the rest of the food chain above the mosquitoes .
This meant , among other things , that it killed off mosquitoes ’ natural enemies , so that it took larger and larger amounts of DDT to achieve the same results as before .
In the process , it also caused significant collateral damage .
For example , by killing the parasitic wasps that previously kept down the population of thatch - eating caterpillars , DDT indirectly caused an epidemic of collapsing roofs .
Another example : it poisoned geckoes who ate the mosquitoes , and who in turn poisoned the cats who ate the geckoes , thus resulting in an epidemic of rats .
The canard can be traced back at least to a campaign by Roger Bate , a right - wing economist who worked for a variety of industry think tanks .
He personally conducted funding pitches around the corporate world , selling his propaganda campaign as a stiletto between the ribs of the environmentalist movement .
“ The environmental movement , he said , “ has been successful in most of its campaigns as it has been ‘ politically correct . ’” DDT offered the potential of using the environmental movement ’s erstwhile advantages against it , he crowed : “ the correct blend of political correctness ( . . . oppressed blacks ) and arguments ( eco-imperialism [ is ] undermining their future ) . ”
Reason magazine science reporter Ron Bailey was an early and enthusiastic adopter , regurgitating the urban legend in most of its particulars in 2002 ( he linked to an article based almost entirely on Roger Bate ’s work ) .
Picking and choosing evidence to believe based on what its truth would entail , rather than whether it ’s valid or not , is a bad thing — regardless of which “ side ” it comes from .
In the case of anthropogenic global warming , the reflexive opposition of many libertarians is just as cavalier with the truth as the folks crowing over Climategate accuse global warming advocates of being .
That such libertarians feel compelled to take the strategic position they do in regard to global warming speaks volumes about their basic view of the world .
It ’s a view of the world that shares a lot in common , ironically , with that of the average liberal Democrat .
The reasoning process goes something like this :
If global warming is real , all is lost for libertarians , because the need for statism follows as a direct implication .
If global warming is real , it will prove the liberal Democrats are right : the free market has led to disastrous results at least in one particular , and the state is necessary in at least this one case to correct market failure .
In other words , given the premise of global warming , libertarians of this stripe see the big government argument as something that follows legitimately from it , as a matter of course .
So global warming cannot be happening .
QED .
Funny .
I ’m fairly friendly toward the anthropogenic global warming thesis , and I do n’t see global warming as a market failure at all .
I see it as a government failure .
If we removed all the government - created externalities that promote consumption of energy and transportation inputs , and protected the fossil fuels industry from full liability for torts committed in the course of its operations , global warming would never have arisen as an issue in the first place .
The free market is not the problem , it ’s the solution .
But maybe some libertarians see the free market as something that needs protection from the truth .
Inquiring minds are looking at a chart of Investors Intelligence courtesy of Bernie Schaeffer .
Bearish sentiment is the lowest in two years and I am also told at lows seen only 3 times in the last 25 years .
The Street Authority offers an explanation of the Investor 's Intelligence Survey .
Each week Investor 's Intelligence surveys approximately 150 market newsletter writers .
They take this survey on Friday and release the results to the media the following Wednesday .
These results can then be charted .
Like other sentiment indicators , the Investor 's Intelligence figure is thought of as a contrary indicator .
This is because the majority of investment advisors tend to trade with the prevailing trend .
As the market becomes more bullish , their newsletter outlook and picks come increasingly from the long side .
As the market declines , they will increasingly advocate a bearish position .
Most of the time these investment advisors are correct .
However , at major market turning points they can lag the market .
It is in these scenarios that the Investor 's Intelligence survey can provide traders with a contrary indicator .
The manner in which the survey is calculated is pretty straightforward -- bullish and bearish advisors are tabulated and the numbers in each camp are totaled together .
The end result of this process is a percentage value -- the % of advisors who are bullish on the market 's near - term prospects .
Mark Sanford , the South Carolina governor whose affair with an Argentinian woman made headlines earlier this year , is facing ethics charges because he “ weirded out ” South Carolina lawmakers with his story of extra-marital love , says MSNBC guest host Lawrence O’Donnell .
Filling in for Rachel Maddow on Monday night ’s Rachel Maddow Show , O’Donnell opined : “ Seems to me the governor has weirded them out down there .
His behavior was just off the wall .
They saw that news conference where this was a guy in love like they ’d never seen before , and the real charge against him is , ‘ Governor , you ’ve just become way too weird .
All we ’ve got is business class tickets , that ’s what were going to have to use to get you out of here . ' ”
ADVERTISEMENT
South Carolina ’s State Ethics Commission released its report ( PDF ) on Sanford Monday , alleging 37 ethics violations against the Republican governor .
But , as O’Donnell noted , the ethics charges had little to do with Sanford ’s unexplained nearly week - long disappearance last June , after which it emerged he had been in Argentina with his mistress .
Instead , the commission alleges charges of improper use of state finances .
The first eighteen ethics charges in the report have to do with Sanford buying business - class or first - class air tickets on the public dime , while another eight have to do with Sanford using state aircraft for personal purposes .
Yvonne Wenger , a reporter at the Charleston , South Carolina , Post and Courier , told O’Donnell that in the state of South Carolina it is illegal for a governor to use state funds to “ take accommodations that are n’t the cheapest available . ”
A specially - appointed House committee will begin deliberating this week whether to recommend impeachment against the governor .
But Wengler said that the chances of Sanford being impeached are “ really slim . ”
USA Today reports that Sanford faces a $ 2,000 fine for every one of the 37 ethics counts .
The state attorney general is reportedly investigating whether there are any potential criminal charges to be filed against the governor .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from MSNBC’s The Rachel Maddow Show , broadcast Nov. 23 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
The ACLU has intervened in the case of a lesbian high school student in Alabama whose principal has forbid her from attending prom with her girlfriend :
" Cynthia Stewart , a 17 - year - old junior at Tharptown High School in
northern Alabama , is a member of her school ’s prom planning committee ,
had personally raised over $ 200 for the prom , and created the theme her
classmates had chosen for the dance .
She is also an out lesbian .
When Cynthia approached her principal to ask if she could bring her
girlfriend with her to the prom , he said no .
He also made Cynthia
remove a sticker she was wearing that said , ' I am a lesbian , ' telling
her , “ ' You do n't have that much freedom of speech at school . '
Cynthia’s
aunt and guardian , Kathy Baker , then appealed the principal ’s decision
to the school board .
But the board let the decision to bar Cynthia
from bringing her girlfriend to the prom stand . "
The school has apparently threatened to cancel the prom for everyone should Stewart bring her girlfriend .
UPDATE : School reconsidering request !
The Canadian artist Peter Gibson , more known as “ Roadsworth ” , has given the streets of Montreal an artistic touch using spray painting .
He turns pedestrian crossings into giant shoe prints , writes eye catching messages on paths and making the end of the lines that divides the paths look like plugs .
He was motivated to make “ Pedestrian street art ” , as he called it , because he wanted more bike paths , and he also questioned the car culture .
David Wessel reports on the economy .
Douglas Elmendorf , the director of the Congressional Budget Office , gave a speech the other day at the Association for Public Policy Analysis and Management .
In it , he nicely summarized the federal government ’s long - term fiscal problem in one sentence :
“ The country faces a fundamental disconnect between the services the people expect the government to provide , particularly in the form of benefits for older Americans , and the tax revenues that people are willing to send to the government to finance those services , ” he said .
Everything else is detail .
For more details , click here .
A Spanish national has been arrested at Sydney Airport after three indecent assaults on young children at McDonald ’s restaurants across NSW , police say .
The 48 - year - old was arrested near the international terminal about 4 pm ( AEDT ) on Tuesday and taken into custody for questioning over the alleged attacks .
Police launched a manhunt after two boys reported being touched and kissed at separate McDonald ’s restaurants in suburban Sydney within hours of each other on Saturday night , and a girl was kissed at a McDonald ’s in Cowra , in NSW ’s central west on Tuesday morning .
A man fitting the description of the offender in the Cowra incident was spotted on Monday at a fast food restaurant in Yass , where police believe he was intending another assault .
Staff recognised him and raised the alarm but the man fled before police arrived .
A mother has reported that her four - year - old son was assaulted at a McDonald ’s in Sydney ’s inner-west Drummoyne on Saturday when she momentarily turned her back .
International Space Station
Missions Mission Flickr Sets
--------------------------
Exp. 45 Exp. 44 Exp. 43 Exp. 42 Exp. 41 Exp. 40 Exp. 39 Exp. 38 Exp. 37 Exp. 36 Exp. 35 Exp. 34 Exp. 33 Exp. 32 Exp. 31 Exp. 30 Exp. 29 Exp. 28 Exp. 27 Exp. 26 Exp. 25 Exp. 24 Exp. 23 Exp. 22 Exp. 21 Exp. 20 Exp. 19 Exp. 18 Exp. 17 Exp. 16 Exp. 15 Exp. 14 Exp. 13 Exp. 12 Exp. 11 Exp. 10 Exp. 9 Exp. 8 Exp. 7 Exp. 6 Exp. 5 Exp. 4 Exp. 3 Exp. 2 Exp. 1 Mission Images
--------------------------
Exp. 44 Pre-flight Exp. 43 Pre-flight Exp. 42 Pre-flight Exp. 41 Pre-flight Exp. 40 Pre-flight Exp. 39 Pre-flight Exp. 38 In - flight Exp. 38 Pre-flight Exp. 38 MCC Exp. 37 Post - flight Exp. 37 In - flight Exp. 37 Pre-flight Exp. 37 MCC Exp. 36 Post - flight Exp. 36 In - flight Exp. 36 Pre-flight Exp. 36 MCC Exp. 35 Post - flight Exp. 35 In - flight Exp. 35 Pre-flight Exp. 34 Post - flight Exp. 34 In - flight Exp. 34 Pre-flight Exp. 33 Post - flight Exp. 33 In - flight Exp. 33 Pre-flight Exp. 33 MCC Exp. 32 Post - flight Exp. 32 In - flight Exp. 32 Pre-flight Exp. 32 MCC Exp. 31 Post - flight Exp. 31 In - flight Exp. 31 Pre-flight Exp. 31 MCC Exp. 30 Post - flight Exp. 30 In - flight Exp. 30 Pre-flight Exp. 30 MCC Exp. 29 Post - flight Exp. 29 In - flight Exp. 29 Pre-flight Exp. 28 Post - flight Exp. 28 In - flight Exp. 28 Pre-flight Exp. 27 Post - flight Exp. 27 In - flight Exp. 27 Pre-flight Exp. 27 MCC Exp. 26 Post - flight Exp. 26 In - flight Exp. 26 Pre-flight Exp. 25 Post - flight Exp. 25 In - flight Exp. 25 Pre-flight Exp. 24 Post - flight Exp. 24 In - flight Exp. 24 Pre-flight Exp. 24 MCC Exp. 23 Post - flight Exp. 23 In - flight Exp. 23 Pre-flight Exp. 22 Post - flight Exp. 22 In - flight Exp. 22 Pre-flight Exp. 21 Post - flight Exp. 21 In - flight Exp. 21 Pre-flight Exp. 21 MCC Exp. 20 In - flight Exp. 20 Pre-flight Exp. 19 In - flight Exp. 19 Pre-flight Exp. 18 Post - flight Exp. 18 In - flight Exp. 18 Pre-flight Exp. 17 Post - flight Exp. 17 In - flight Exp. 17 Pre-flight Exp. 16 Post - flight Exp. 16 In - flight Exp. 16 MCC Exp. 16 Pre-flight Exp. 15 In - flight Exp. 15 MCC Exp. 15 Pre-flight Exp. 14 post - flight Exp. 14 In - flight Exp. 14 MCC Exp. 14 Pre-flight Exp. 13 post - flight Exp. 13 In - flight Exp. 13 Pre-flight Exp. 12 post - flight Exp. 12 In - flight Exp. 12 Pre-flight Exp. 11 post - flight Exp. 11 In - flight Exp. 11 Pre-flight Exp. 10 post - flight Exp. 10 In - flight Exp. 10 MCC Exp. 10 Pre-flight Exp. 9 In - flight Exp. 9 post - flight Exp. 9 MCC Exp. 9 Pre-flight Exp. 8 post - flight Exp. 8 In - flight Exp. 8 Pre-flight Exp. 7 post - flight Exp. 7 In - flight Exp. 7 Pre-flight Exp. 6 post - flight Exp. 6 In - flight Exp. 6 Pre-flight Exp. 5 In - flight Exp. 5 Pre-flight Exp. 4 In - flight Exp. 4 Preflight Exp. 3 post - flight Exp. 3 In - flight Exp. 3 Preflight Exp. 2 post - flight Exp. 2 In - flight Exp. 2 Preflight Exp. 1 post - flight Exp. 1 In - flight Exp. 1 Preflight Soyuz Imagery Mission Video
--------------------------
Exp. 13 Videos Exp. 10 Videos Exp. 9 Videos Exp. 8 Videos Exp. 7 Videos Exp. 6 Videos Exp. 5 Videos Exp. 4 Videos Exp. 3 Videos Exp. 2 Videos Exp. 1 Videos Mission Audio
--------------------------
Exp. 9 Audios Exp. 8 Audios Shuttle Missions Mission Images
Mission Imagery
------------------------
General Shuttle Benefits STS - 135 ( 07/2011 ) STS - 134 ( 05/2011 ) STS - 133 ( 02/2011 ) STS - 132 ( 05/2010 ) STS - 131 ( 04/2010 ) STS - 130 ( 02/2010 ) STS - 129 ( 11/2009 ) STS - 128 ( 08/2009 ) STS - 127 ( 07/2009 ) STS - 125 ( 05/2009 ) STS - 119 ( 03/2009 ) STS - 126 ( 11/2008 ) STS - 124 ( 05/2008 ) STS - 123 ( 03/2008 ) STS - 122 ( 02/2008 ) STS - 120 ( 10/2007 ) STS - 118 ( 08/2007 ) STS - 117 ( 06/2007 ) STS - 116 ( 12/2006 ) STS - 115 ( 09/2006 ) STS - 121 ( 07/2006 ) STS - 114 ( 07/2005 ) Return to Flight -------------------------- STS-107 ( 01/2003 ) -- Recovered -- Investigation -- Memorial
-------------------------- STS -113 ( 11/2002 ) STS - 112 ( 10/2002 ) STS - 111 ( 06/2002 ) STS - 110 ( 04/2002 ) STS - 109 ( 03/2002 ) STS - 108 ( 12/2001 ) STS - 105 ( 08/2001 ) STS - 104 ( 07/2001 ) STS - 100 ( 04/2001 ) STS - 102 ( 03/2001 ) STS - 98 ( 02/2001 ) STS - 97 ( 12/2000 ) STS - 92 ( 10/2000 ) STS - 106 ( 09/2000 ) STS - 101 ( 05/2000 ) STS - 99 ( 02/2000 ) STS - 103 ( 12/1999 ) STS - 93 ( 07/1999 ) STS - 96 ( 05/1999 ) STS - 88 ( 12/1998 ) STS - 95 ( 10/1998 ) STS - 91 ( 06/1998 ) STS - 90 ( 04/1998 ) STS - 89 ( 01/1998 ) STS - 87 ( 11/1997 ) STS - 85 ( 08/1997 ) STS - 94 ( 07/1997 ) STS - 83 ( 04/1997 ) STS - 82 ( 02/1997 ) STS - 79 ( 09/1996 ) STS - 76 ( 03/1996 ) STS - 75 ( 02/1996 ) STS - 72 ( 01/1996 ) STS - 73 ( 10/1995 ) STS - 69 ( 09/1995 ) STS - 68 ( 09/1994 ) STS - 64 ( 09/1994 ) STS - 60 ( 02/1994 ) STS - 61 ( 12/1993 ) STS - 56 ( 04/1993 ) STS - 54 ( 01/1993 ) STS - 46 ( 07/1992 ) STS - 50 ( 06/1992 ) STS - 49 ( 05/1992 ) STS - 44 ( 11/1991 ) STS - 31 ( 04/1990 ) STS - 36 ( 02/1990 ) STS - 34 ( 10/1989 ) STS - 30 ( 05/1989 ) STS - 29 ( 03/1989 ) STS - 27 ( 12/1988 ) STS - 51L ( 01/1986 ) STS - 61C ( 01/1986 ) STS - 41G ( 10/1984 ) STS - 41D ( 08/1984 ) STS - 41C ( 04/1984 ) ST S - 8 ( 08/1983 ) STS - 7 ( 06/1983 ) STS - 4 ( 06/1982 ) STS - 2 ( 11/1981 ) STS - 1 ( 04/1981 ) Flickr Sets
--------------------------
STS-135 STS - 134 STS - 133 STS - 132 STS - 131 STS - 130 STS - 129 STS - 128 STS - 127 STS - 126 STS - 125 STS - 124 STS - 123 STS - 122 STS - 121 STS - 120 STS - 119 STS - 118 STS - 117 STS - 116 STS - 115 STS - 114 STS - 113 STS - 112 STS - 111 STS - 110 STS - 109 STS - 108 STS - 107 STS - 106 STS - 105 STS - 104 STS - 103 STS - 102 STS - 101 STS - 100 STS - 99 STS -98 STS - 97 STS - 96 STS -95 STS - 94 STS -93 STS - 92 STS -91 STS -90 STS - 89 STS - 88 STS - 87 STS - 85 STS - 83 STS - 82 STS - 79 STS - 76 STS - 75 STS - 73 STS - 72 STS -69 STS - 68 STS - 67 STS - 66 STS -65 STS - 64 STS - 63 STS - 62 STS -61 STS -60 STS - 59 STS - 58 STS - 57 STS - 56 STS -55 STS - 54 STS - 53 STS - 52 STS -51 STS -50 STS - 49 STS - 48 STS - 47 STS - 46 STS - 45 STS - 44 STS - 43 STS - 41 STS - 40 STS - 39 STS - 38 STS - 37 STS - 36 STS - 35 STS - 34 STS - 33 STS - 32 STS - 31 STS - 30 STS - 29 STS - 28 STS - 27 STS - 26 STS - 61C STS - 51L STS - 41G STS - 41D STS - 41C STS -9 STS - 8 STS - 7 STS - 4 STS - 3 STS - 2 STS -1
STS - 135 ( 07/2011 )
Mission Images
--------------------------
Preflight MCC Flight Day 1 Flight Day 2 Flight Day 3 Flight Day 4 Flight Day 5 Flight Day 6 Flight Day 7 Flight Day 8 Flight Day 9 Flight Day 10 Flight Day 11 Flight Day 12 Flight Day 14 Postflight STS - 134 ( 05/2011 )
Mission Images
--------------------------
Preflight MCC Flight Day 1 Flight Day 2 Flight Day 3 Flight Day 4 Flight Day 5 Flight Day 6 Flight Day 7 Flight Day 8 Flight Day 9 Flight Day 10 Flight Day 11 Flight Day 12 Flight Day 13 Flight Day 15 Flight Day 17 Postflight Mission Audio
--------------------------
Wakeup Calls Exploration Gallery Exploration
--------------------------
Orion MPCV Technology X - Hab Archives
--------------------------
Orion ( 6/06-2/11 ) Ares I ( 6/06-1/10 ) Ares V ( 6/06-5/07 ) Tests ( 6/06-12/10 ) Lander ( 6/06-11/09 ) ESAS ( 11/04-11/10 ) Lunar ( 10/03-10/09 ) Mars ( 10/03-12/09 ) Morpheus ( 3/11-5/11 ) Life on Mars Mars Animation More Galleries NASA Programs
--------------------------
Int'l Space Station Shuttle Skylab Apollo- Soyuz Apollo Gemini Mercury Behind the Scenes --------------------------
Administration Astronaut Portraits Gagarin 50th Anniv . Flight Directors 2011 Flight Directors 2009 Flight Directors 2013 Astronaut Candidates 2009 ASCANs 2004 ASCANs 2000 ASCANs ASCANs ( 1 - 18 ) Johnson Space Center NASA Administrator NBL NEEMO 14 NEEMO 13 NEEMO 12 NEEMO 11 NEEMO 10 NEEMO 9 NEEMO 7 NEEMO 6 NEEMO 5 Processing SAIL Studies Training Z - 1 Spacesuit Zero Gravity
Search the Gallery
Please review NASA 's Guidelines for Use of NASA Imagery for reproduction and use of imagery , video and audio .
Search Specifications KEYWORDS
Search a category and / or enter keywords to search the Gallery for images , videos , and audio .
Keywords are case insensitive and should be separated by a space .
* targeted launch date NASA Programs All Search the entire Gallery Shuttle All ------------------------------------ STS-135 ( 07/2011 ) STS - 134 ( 05/2011 ) STS - 133 ( 02/2011 ) STS - 132 ( 05/2010 ) STS - 131 ( 04/2010 ) STS - 130 ( 02/2010 ) STS - 129 ( 11/2009 ) STS - 128 ( 08/2009 ) STS - 127 ( 07/2009 ) STS - 125 ( 05/2009 ) STS - 119 ( 03/2009 ) STS - 126 ( 11/2008 ) STS - 124 ( 05/2008 ) STS - 123 ( 03/2008 ) STS - 122 ( 02/2008 ) STS - 120 ( 10/2007 ) STS - 118 ( 08/2007 ) STS - 117 ( 06/2007 ) STS - 116 ( 12/2006 ) STS - 115 ( 09/2006 ) STS - 121 ( 07/2006 ) STS - 114 ( 07/2005 ) STS - 107 ( 01/2003 ) STS - 113 ( 11/2002 ) STS - 112 ( 10/2002 ) STS - 111 ( 06/2002 ) STS - 110 ( 04/2002 ) STS - 109 ( 02/2002 ) STS - 108 ( 12/2001 ) STS - 105 ( 08/2001 ) STS - 104 ( 07/2001 ) STS - 100 ( 04/2001 ) STS - 102 ( 03/2001 ) STS - 98 ( 02/2001 ) STS - 97 ( 12/2000 ) STS - 92 ( 10/2000 ) STS - 106 ( 09/2000 ) STS - 101 ( 05/2000 ) STS - 99 ( 02/2000 ) STS - 103 ( 12/1999 ) STS - 93 ( 07/1999 ) STS - 96 ( 05/1999 ) STS - 88 ( 12/1998 ) STS - 95 ( 10/1998 ) STS - 91 ( 06/1998 ) STS - 90 ( 04/1998 ) STS - 89 ( 01/1998 ) STS - 87 ( 11/1997 ) STS - 85 ( 08/1997 ) STS - 94 ( 07/1997 ) STS - 83 ( 04/1997 ) STS - 82 ( 02/1997 ) STS - 79 ( 09/1996 ) STS - 76 ( 03/1996 ) STS - 75 ( 02/1996 ) STS - 72 ( 01/1996 ) STS - 73 ( 10/1995 ) STS - 69 ( 09/1995 ) STS - 68 ( 09/1994 ) STS - 64 ( 09/1994 ) STS - 60 ( 02/1994 ) STS - 61 ( 12/1993 ) STS - 56 ( 04/1993 ) STS - 50 ( 06/1992 ) STS - 49 ( 05/1992 ) STS - 31 ( 04/1990 ) STS - 36 ( 02/1990 ) STS - 34 ( 10/1989 ) STS - 30 ( 05/1989 ) STS - 29 ( 03/1989 ) STS - 27 ( 12/1988 ) STS - 51L ( 01/1986 ) STS - 61C ( 01/1986 ) STS - 41G ( 10/1984 ) STS - 41D ( 08/1984 ) STS - 41C ( 04/1984 ) STS - 8 ( 08/1983 ) STS - 7 ( 06/1983 ) STS - 4 ( 06/1982 ) STS - 2 ( 11/1981 ) STS - 1 ( 04/1981 ) Station All ------------------------------------
Exploration All ------------------------------------
Orion ( 6/06-2/11 ) Ares I ( 6/06-1/10 ) Ares V ( 6/06-5/07 ) Tests ( 6/06-12/10 ) Lander ( 6/06-11/09 ) ESAS ( 11/04-11/10 ) Lunar ( 10/03-10/09 ) Mars ( 10/03-12/09 ) Mercury All ------------------------------------
Mercury Overview Mercury Redstone 3 Mercury Redstone 4 Mercury Atlas 6 Mercury Atlas 7 Mercury Atlas 8 Mercury Atlas 9 Gemini All
------------------------------------
Gemini Overview Gemini 3 Gemini 4 Gemini 5 Gemini 6 Gemini 7 Gemini 8 Gemini 9 Gemini 10 Gemini 11 Gemini 12 Skylab All ------------------------------------
Skylab Overview Skylab 2 Skylab 3 Skylab 4 Apollo All
------------------------------------
Apollo 1 Apollo 4 Apollo 5 Apollo 6 Apollo 7 Apollo 8 Apollo 9 Apollo 10 Apollo 11 Apollo 12 Apollo 13 Apollo 14 Apollo 15 Apollo 16 Apollo 17 Apollo- Soyuz All ------------------------------------
Apollo -Soyuz Multimedia types Image Electronic Still Camera Photographs and Historical Images Video MPG Videos and Animations Audio Interviews , Wakeup Calls , and Mission Communications
‘ Misplaced ’ belief in climate change has killed more people than Hitler : Monckton
Christopher Monckton , the prominent British climate change skeptic who made the news last week when he compared climate protesters in Copenhagen to “ Hitler Youth , ” advocated the creation of internment camps for HIV - positive people in an article published two decades ago .
ADVERTISEMENT
An article that Monckton penned for the American Spectator in 1987 , and uncovered by Media Matters ’ Chris Harris , states :
… There is only one way to stop AIDS .
That is to screen the entire population regularly and to quarantine all carriers of the disease for life to halt transmission of the disease to those who are uninfected .
Every member of the population should be blood - tested every month to detect the presence of antibodies against the disease , and all those found to be infected with the virus , even if only as carriers , should be isolated compulsorily , immediately , and permanently .
( Read the entire article below . )
To students of history , Monckton ’s notion of a permanent internment of HIV carriers is no doubt reminiscent of the Third Reich ’s policy of sending certain “ undesirable ” groups , such as the developmentally challenged , homosexuals , Jews and Gypsies , to concentration camps .
Yet it is Monckton himself who was last week invoking Nazi analogies .
The British member of nobility , referred to in the UK as Viscount Monckton , drew outrage from climate activists when he compared environmental protesters at the Copenhagen climate summit to “ Hitler Youth . ”
Later in the week , Monckton defended his claim to a climate activist and expanded on his Hitler analogy .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The last time that that kind of robotic hysteria was ever seen in Copenhagen was when the Hitler Youth were here when [ Denmark ] was occupied by the Germans , ” Monckton said .
“ I do n’t blame the young people , because they have been propagandized the same way as the Hitler Youth were . ”
Monckton then stated that “ misplaced ” public belief in climate change has killed more people than Hitler did .
“ The number of people being killed by this misplaced belief in climate change is , if anything , greater than the number killed by Hitler , ” he said .
“ There have been major food riots in 12 major regions of the planet over the last two years , accompanied by mass starvation and death because of the doubling of food prices caused by the biofuel scam , which is itself a spin - off of the global warming scam . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Monckton testified on climate change legislation before the House Ways and Means Committee this spring , and has been quoted on a number of occasions by congresspeople opposed to climate change initiatives .
“ This is who is leading the battle against climate change , ” comments John Avarosis on AmericaBlog .
“ We have a far larger problem than the fact that some people are denying climate change .
Conservatives in this country have taken to a rather disturbing extremism that embraces McCarthyism ( labeling everyone a socialist and a Maoist , and doing it with a straight face ) , and literally believing that climate change advocates are worse than Hitler – not just making the dumb comparison , but actually believing it . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The following video was uploaded to YouTube by user bdemelle , December 10 , 2009 .
The following article was published in the January , 1987 , of American Spectator , and posted to the web by EnviroKnow .
ADVERTISEMENT
Shares
Its authors boast that it is one of the ten most downloaded papers from the British Medical Journal ( BMJ ) .
That makes it even more unfortunate that the conclusions of the paper are directly at odds with the findings of the paper .
Outcomes of planned home births with certified professional midwives : large prospective study in North America by Kenneth Johnson and Bettye Ann Davis is the premier paper on the safety of American homebirth .
It claims to show that homebirth is as safe as hospital birth , but actually shows that homebirth has nearly triple the neonatal death rate of hospital birth for comparable risk women .
Johnson and Daviss , in collaboration with the Midwives Alliance of North America ( MANA ) , the organization of American homebirth midwives , collected data on all homebirths attended by Certified Professional Midwives ( CPMs , homebirth midwives , as distinct from CNMs , Certified Nurse Midwives ) in the year 2000 .
Then the authors compared the outcomes for interventions and for neonatal deaths with a hospital group .
According to Johnson and Davis , when analyzing the different intervention rates of home and hospital :
We compared medical intervention rates for the planned home births with data from birth certificates for all 3 360 868 singleton , vertex births at 37 weeks or more gestation in the United States in 2000 , as reported by the National Center for Health Statistics [ Births : final data for 2000 .
National vital statistics reports .
Martin JA , Hamilton BE , Ventura SJ , Menacker F , Park MM .
Hyattsville , MD : National Center for Health Statistics , 2002;50 ( 5 ) ]
They used singleton , vertex births at 37 + weeks as a proxy for low risk women .
They found , not surprisingly , that intervention rates are lower for homebirth .
Then they turned to neonatal mortality rates .
They should have compared the neonatal mortality rate of the homebirth group to the neonatal mortality rate of the hospital birth group , but they did not .
Instead , they compared homebirth deaths to hospital births in a variety of out of date studies extending back more than 20 years .
The authors conclude :
Planned home birth for low risk women in North America using certified professional midwives was associated with lower rates of medical intervention but similar intrapartum and neonatal mortality to that of low risk hospital births in the United States .
But the authors never compared mortality rates to low risk hospital birth in 2000 , because that would have led to a very different conclusion .
Using the same dataset that Johnson and Daviss used , we find hospital neonatal death rate for white , babies at 37 + weeks of 0.9/1000 .
This is not corrected for congenital anomalies , pre-existing medical conditions , pregnancy complications or multiple births .
The neonatal mortality rate for white , singleton babies at 37 + weeks is 0,72/1000 .
The true rate is substantially lower .
Nonetheless , we can make an important comparison .
Johnson and Daviss reported a neonatal death rate at homebirth of 2.7/1000 ( uncorrected for congenital anomalies , breech or twins ) .
In other words , the neonatal death rate of CPM attended homebirths in 2000 was nearly triple the rate for low to moderate risk hospital births in 2000 .
Simply put , the authors pulled a bait and switch .
They claim to be comparing homebirth in 2000 with hospital birth in 2000 .
Indeed , they are comparing intervention rates for homebirth in 2000 with hospital birth in 2000 , but when it comes to neonatal deaths , they used data extending back to 1969 .
It was the only way to make homebirth look safe by comparison .
Why might the authors deliberately intend to deceive readers ?
It turns out that Johnson and Daviss are not impartial researchers , though you would not know that from reading the paper .
Johnson is the former Director of Research for the Midwives Alliance of North America ( MANA ) Statistics and Research Committee .
Daviss , his wife , is a homebirth midwife .
The paper does acknowledge that the study was funded by Foundation for the Advancement of Midwifery , a homebirth advocacy group .
Johnson and Daviss have created a website , Understanding Birth Better , to answer criticism .
However , their explanation for the bait and switch is not merely disingenuous , it is an outright lie .
… Since our article was submitted for publication in 2004 , the NIH has published analysis more closely comparable than was available at that time , and some have tried to use it as a comparison .
While we still do not offer the comparison as a completely direct one , … it is the closest we have …
As they say in politics , it ’s not the crime , but the cover up .
Johnson and Daviss acknowledge that they used the wrong group for comparison with homebirth , but claiming that the correct data was not available at that time .
That is flat out false .
The relevant data was published in 2002 , long before their paper was submitted ( Infant Mortality Statistics from the 2000 Period Linked Birth / Infant Death Data Set , published August 29 , 2002 ) .
Moreover , even before publication of the analysis , Johnson and Daviss had the raw data in their possession .
They used that raw data from 2000 to calculate the rates of hospital interventions , so they were fully aware of the mortality data at all times .
It is difficult to imagine a legitimate reason why a professional statistician would deliberately use the wrong statistics for comparison when the right statistics were available and actually in his possession .
It seems to me that the only possible explanation is that they knew all along that their study showed that homebirth has an increased risk of preventable neonatal death compared to hospital birth .
Regardless of reasoning or excuses , the bottom line is stark : rather than showing that homebirth with an American homebirth midwife is safe , the Johnson and Daviss study actually showed that homebirth with a CPM in 2000 had nearly triple the neonatal death rate of moderate to low risk hospital birth in 2000 .
During the 12 - day climate summit underway in Copenhagen , countries are trying to forge consensus on how best to protect the planet from global warming .
An international all - star roster of academics is providing critical scientific data as the evidentiary backbone for the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , which hopes to prod perceived green slackers like Canada into more aggressive environmental reforms .
So why is a retired mining analyst living near Broadview and Danforth Aves .
– a squash - playing grandfather who prompted a U.S. congressional hearing by crunching global warming research on his home computer – not invited to the party ?
Because Stephen McIntyre is an enemy of climate change believers , a man who , essentially , double - checks the math behind research accepted as green gospel .
Though his painstaking " hobby " has exposed flawed data supporting studies like the " hockey stick " graph – it claimed the 1990s was the millennium 's hottest decade – he 's considered a denier by those who fear the planet is burning up .
But the Toronto native wo n't stop asking the tough questions .
" We should n't give any thanks whatsoever to people who obstruct efforts to show that their particular theory was wrong , " said McIntyre , whose own work is derided as bunk by the tight - knit academics he monitors .
Now , skeptics of climate change – and McIntyre is not alone – have new fodder to absorb from the University of East Anglia 's Climate Research Unit scandal .
Hacked emails have been made public , suggesting scientists may have manipulated data to offer more dramatic interpretations of global warming .
It 's that kind of bad science , bolstered by peer - reviewed papers and protected by agenda - driven researchers , that McIntyre wants to expose .
And no , he 's not funded by the oil industry or big business – the Toronto native is unpaid , living off his savings as he tends to his blog www.climateaudit.org.
" One of the things that I do n't get in the description of me by the climate scientists is they portray me as a truck driver savant , " laughed McIntyre , who says his blog has been getting 50,000 daily hits over the last month .
" I am well - educated . "
And curious .
And offended by sloppy work .
Which is why the University of Toronto mathematics grad – who also attended Oxford – began playing with numbers six years ago when scientific assertions were being made about the Earth 's calamitous rising temperatures .
His technical approach to making the case for climate change sets him apart from other " deniers " who are more politically motivated – though he does lament that Al Gore 's once calming voice has become more shrill and made him popular with international media .
He 's been interviewed by European publications , The Wall Street Journal and CNN but remains largely anonymous in Canada .
Not even his three children or two grandchildren seem to care about his policing .
McIntyre says that before doing a recent CTV interview , he met a MuchMusic makeup artist who recently pancaked Canadian teen singing idol Justin Bieber – a way cooler topic for his 10 - year - old granddaughter .
" That 's a bigger deal than being on CNN , I think , '' he said .
For climate watchers , however , the Canadian 's auditing of data is a very big deal .
McIntyre first questioned the accuracy of the " hockey stick " graph that tracked the earth 's temperatures over the last 1,000 years .
He said the length of the study conjured images of the Vikings landing in Labrador , and he wondered how lead scientist Michael Mann , head of Penn State 's Earth System Science Centre , reconstructed the temperatures to produce such a detailed graph .
After retiring from Noranda in 1986 , McIntyre began dealing in small mining stocks from a shared downtown office ( $ 700 rent , he recently packed it up ) , a business where " you had to pay attention to the design of your graphs ( because it would ) enhance your success of raising money for projects . "
So he asked Mann for the data in an email – and was stunned by the answer .
The climatologist wrote he'd " forgotten " where the data set was but would get an assistant to find it .
" Here 's a guy in his mid-30s , this is his claim to fame , the biggest paper of his life , probably the biggest paper of his career , it 's been used on the front page of a UN study and sent to every household in Canada – how the hell could he not know where the data was ? "
McIntyre said .
" Nobody had ever checked this stuff with any sort of due diligence , '' he said .
And here 's where the business and academic worlds collide .
Mann 's study was peer - reviewed , a time - honoured method of academics – challenging another 's work for substance and fault .
McIntyre 's business background told him a statistical audit was a better gauge , especially after reading the " overblown language to describe what , in mathematical terms , are very simple operations .
" What I find that is far too prevalent among climate scientists is that if they do n't persuade somebody of something , they blame the audience , not the presentation , " said McIntyre , who said mining investors would walk away if he could n't recruit them with solid facts .
" I think part of that is being in the university environment where people are important in their departments – they 're mostly dealing with graduate students ( and ) sympathetic audiences , by and large , or audiences that criticize them differently than in a business organizations . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
His " puttering " suggested Mann 's work was heavily spinning the " hockey stick " findings on too small a percentage of the data .
McIntyre 's work sparked a U.S. National Academy of Sciences investigation , along with U.S. congressional hearings in 2006 .
In 2007 , McIntyre 's statistical sleuthing forced NASA to admit it mistakenly claimed 1998 was the warmest year on record on the continental United States – it was actually 1934 .
And in September , he questioned the data in another famous graph ( using rings from 12 trees in Russia ) to illustrate rapid 20th century warming .
McIntyre , who works with University of Guelph economics professor Ross McKitrick to co-author papers , presented another data graph with 34 tree samples from a nearby Russian site – and the temperature spike vanished .
The latter graph has prompted dispute among researchers as biased math .
But McIntyre is not finished .
As the Copenhagen talks begin their second week , he will continue to watch for intellectual dishonesty .
If he sees troubling number crunching , he will do his own accounting – and ask for accountability .
Benjamin Disraeli described the Franco - Prussian
War that brought about Germany 's unification in 1871 as " the German revolution , a greater political event than the French . "
It turned out to be a shrewd claim , given the two world wars that followed .
But the German reunification of 1989 seems less a revolution in Disraeli 's sense than a restoration .
Rather than setting into motion yet another round of great - power rivalry , the end of Germany 's division brought about changes that extended democratic stability through Eastern and Central Europe .
That Europe is no longer a flashpoint in world politics is a measure of just how ...
Iran ’s Conservative Crackup
The circle around Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is hardening and shrinking — and more and more , his former allies are turning against him .
The regime seems determined to pursue a policy of dictatorship at home and isolation abroad , whatever the cost .
Iran ’s snub of Western attempts to negotiate a deal over its nuclear program — and the added insult of its recently announced plans to expand its uranium enrichment program tenfold — are clear signs that cooler conservative heads in Tehran and Qom have lost ground to Ahmadinejad ’s hard - liners .
Many religious Iranians and some conservative clerics , for example , have begun to increasingly feel that the theocratic system has become un -Islamic .
The demonstrations that erupted on Dec. 7 in cities across Iran included not only Westernized students but conservative Iranians as well .
The Islamic Republic attempted to thwart the rally by shutting down Internet access , but thousands of Iranians nevertheless marched in the streets .
The protests included not only Westernized students , but religious and conservative Iranians as well — evidence that conservative Iranians are becoming more and more opposed to the state , even if their response is not usually to participate in social unrest .
It ’s not just protesters , either .
A groundbreaking Iranian survey , first published on insideIRAN.org , shows that , in provinces where Ahmadinejad once held widespread support , Iranians now say they wished they had not voted for him .
The polling surveyed more than 11,000 people from 11 rural and small villages in the provinces of Fars and Isfahan .
Polling was conducted in four intervals from the summer of 2008 , before the contested June 12 presidential election , to the fall of 2009 .
In the two pre-election polls , respondents were asked to state their choice of candidate .
In the two post -election polls , respondents were asked for their views on the disputed election .
Before the election , Ahmadinejad had enjoyed 58 percent support in rural areas and 44 percent support in the small urban areas .
After the election , however , it was a different story .
The two post-election polls showed that 39 percent of the youth and 23 percent of those over 45 who had voted for Ahmadinejad now regretted their vote .
The reasons for this included the rape , murder , and torture of young men and women who participated in demonstrations after the June presidential election and the belief that Ahmadinejad was to blame for the country ’s economic crisis .
In fact , 57 percent of those who said they no longer supported Ahmadinejad admitted that they had received money from Ahmadinejad ’s subsidy program , which was designed to solidify the president ’s support among poorer segments of Iran ’s population .
Still , they said , even the money was n’t enough to keep their support .
Ahmadinejad is also facing increased public opposition from traditional conservatives .
Their action can only be viewed as an act of protest against Ahmadinejad and his all - powerful supporter , Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei .
Now , clerics from the traditional right have joined leftists , such as Ayatollah Hossein Ali Montazeri and Ayatollah Mohammad Mousavi Khoeiniha , in moving away from Ahmadinejad ’s political faction .
The most prominent cleric to resign is Ayatollah Abdollah Javadi - Amoli , one of Iran ’s most senior conservative clerics , who quit on Nov. 26 as one of Qom ’s Friday prayer leaders .
Amoli was one of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini ’s close confidants during the 1979 establishment of the Islamic Republic .
Three other prayer leaders from Qom have also resigned their posts , despite the prestige and influence of the pulpit , after criticizing the events in Iran in the wake of the stolen presidential election .
In his last Friday prayer sermon , Amoli told worshippers that he felt hapless in trying to fulfill his religious duties because he no longer had the power to solve their problems .
" I can no longer serve as your prayer leader , " Amoli said .
" A prayer leader has two duties , and if he does not fulfill them he will be responsible before God . "
As the regime ’s powerful inner circle shrinks , formerly central figures are being alienated in the political realm , too .
These conservative politicians and military figures have nowhere to go : Disillusioned with Ahmadinejad and Khamenei ’s clique , they are also at odds with the symbolic leaders of the opposition movement , including Mir Hossein Mousavi , Mehdi Karroubi , and former President Mohammad Khatami .
One such figure is Mohsen Rezai , the former commander of the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps who ran as a candidate in June against Ahmadinejad .
Rezai has been outspoken in the past about the need for Iran to reach a diplomatic solution with the international community on its nuclear program .
But he , like many other conservatives including Parliamentary Speaker Ali Larijani , are at odds with Ahmadinejad and his hard - line faction .
In a recent interview with the conservative Panjereh weekly , Rezai spoke candidly about the rifts within the conservative establishment and how conservatives tried desperately before the presidential race to reach a consensus on a conservative candidate who would have a good chance of defeating Ahmadinejad .
He said they feared another four years of Ahmadinejad would lead Iran to ruins .
Now that the system is so fractured — even among conservatives — Iran ’s political future is uncertain .
But it is unlikely the conservatives who now oppose Ahmadinejad and Khamenei will remain silently on the sidelines for too much longer .
Oil companies undermining climate partnership GREENHOUSE GASES
Photo : Jonathan Hayward , AP Photo : Jonathan Hayward , AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Oil companies undermining climate partnership 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Early in 2007 , a coalition of big companies broke ranks with corporate America and declared that global warming was a real , grave threat .
The United States Climate Action Partnership changed the national debate over warming .
Executives from member companies such as DuPont , Ford Motor Co. and PG&E Corp. lobbied Congress to do something about greenhouse gases .
They joined forces with environmental groups that also were part of the partnership , groups such as the Environmental Defense Fund and the Natural Resources Defense Council .
Together , they helped lay the groundwork for the climate bill that the U.S. Senate will debate this fall .
But now this groundbreaking partnership may have been undercut by some of its own members .
MBA BY THE BAY : See how an MBA could change your life with SFGATE 's interactive directory of Bay Area programs .
Some of the oil companies that joined the partnership are taking part in an oil industry campaign against the climate change bill in Congress .
The campaign features public rallies against the bill in places such as Houston and Greensboro , N.C. , coordinated by the industry 's main lobbying group , the American Petroleum Institute .
The rallies are designed to look like grassroots affairs .
But an e-mail from the institute to oil company executives outlining the campaign and asking them to participate was leaked to Greenpeace , which released it to the public .
ConocoPhillips , a member of the climate change partnership , posted a note on its
Web site encouraging people to go .
BP , another partnership member , told employees about the rallies but did not encourage them to attend , according to a company spokesman .
As a result , observers wonder whether the partnership could lose some of its effectiveness , just as the debate over global warming legislation moves to a critical stage .
" It 's not my intention or desire to see USCAP fracture , because what they represent is important , " said Greenpeace Research Director Kert Davies , who received the leaked oil industry e-mail .
" It looks like selfishness has returned , that each corporation is going to pursue its own selfish interest .
And that means we will get nowhere . "
Greenpeace does not belong to the Climate Action Partnership .
" Obviously , we 've got a number of questions about the API rallies , " said Brian Hertzog , director of corporate relations for PG&E Corp .
The San Francisco company , the parent corporation of Pacific Gas and Electric Co. , was one of the partnership 's founding members .
Still in agreement
He doubted , however , that the partnership would split or shrink as a result of the rallies .
The members all support a blueprint for action that the group released in January , which calls for a carbon cap - and - trade system to reduce America 's greenhouse gas emissions 80 percent by 2050 .
" Everyone 's still committed to the principles in the blueprint , and I think that 's a powerful thing for people in the Senate , " Hertzog said .
Illustrating just how difficult the negotiations over climate change legislation can be , the partnership in June praised the U.S. House of Representatives for passing its version of the bill , but took pains not to endorse specific provisions in it .
BP has concerns
BP spokesman Ronnie Chappell said his company had issues with the House bill , not with climate - change regulation in general .
He said BP informed some of its employees about the rallies but told them that attending would be " a personal decision . "
" We 're not the only people with concerns about the current bill , " Chappell said .
" It does not yet conform , in our opinion , to the blueprint put forward by USCAP , and we will be working in the Senate to get a bill that does . "
Davies said BP is trying to have it both ways .
" They need to be talking straight with people , " he said .
" They can't be lobbying one day with USCAP ... and the next day have an energy rally with people bashing the bill . "
LONDON  Ireland ’s vote to ratify the European Union ’s Lisbon Treaty has finally cleared the way for the creation of a powerful new president , intended to elevate the 27 - nation bloc ’s standing on the global stage .
But do European leaders actually want one ?
Ahead lies a difficult discussion about how much power and influence a new European Union president should have and whether the post should fall to a political star  like former Prime Minister Tony Blair of Britain  or one of his grayer , more technocratic rivals .
The leaders of member countries will decide , probably this month , and their decision could determine whether the union really seeks the bigger role it says it needs to try to match the influence of the United States and that of rising powers like China , Russia , India and Brazil .
The Lisbon Treaty , which aims to streamline decision - making and reform the bloc ’s ramshackle structures , lays down a two - and - a - half - year term for a full - time president of the European Council , the body that represents member nations .
The treaty , if finally ratified by the Poles and Czechs , also mandates a single new foreign affairs chief , in charge of both policy and aid money , and a new European diplomatic corps .
Zinc is one of those minerals that you hear about all of the time .
It is on the cereal breakfast box and in common ointments .
Now do you realize how important it really is ?
Zinc is needed for metabolism of nucleic acids and the synthesis of proteins .
It is an important part of the human DNA for cell division and synthesis .
Zinc is in all the body fluids , including the moisture in the eyes , lungs , nose , urine , and saliva .
Zinc is in mucous linings in the body such as the lungs and nose .
it is necessary for hormone production and it is essential for the prostate gland .
One of the most important things is that Zinc is a Vital part of the immune system .
Angstrom zinc and Angstrom Silver can stop the flu and other sicknesses
If taken at first onset .
when every one around me is getting sick , I rush to get my zinc and silver and vitamin C. I rarely get it even when everyone else has severe cases .
I feel that vitamin C is a little over rated because of commercial programming , but it is an important part to beating sickness .
Zinc has been used for a long time .
In the 1800 's surgeons used zinc as an antiseptic / antibiotic after surgery .
Before drugs , many people turned to herbs and minerals .
Zinc was noted for its amazing healing properties .
Wounds would heal , at times , as quickly as 24 hours after an operation , without swelling , and scarring was barely noticeable after a short period of time .
Lemongrass essential oil also helps wounds heal very quickly .
I have used it on my stitches in my leg and was very pleased .
" Dr's Pories and Strain use zinc salts preoperatively and postoperatively to promote wound healing " 66
" Dr. Phillips of San Antonio , Texas , has noted that zinc transferring is normally bound to lymphocytes and that this zinc transport system may be a vital beginning in immune reactions .
Dr. Robert S. Pecarek of the Trace Metal Laboratory , following the lead that the thymus is always small in zinc - deficient animals , has found that T - cell immunity is impaired . "
67
Because zinc is found in the body fluids , proper levels of zinc tend to stop body odor , including foot odor .
Foot odor generally accompanies athletes foot .
When ever I mention zinc , it seems that silver is always there holding hands with zinc .
Both zinc and silver are good for stopping fungal growth , Zinc protects the throat with every swallow .
When you body does not have enough zinc you are vulnerable to variety of degenerative diseases and illnesses .
You loose a lot of zinc when sweating , therefore , athletes are particularly susceptible to zinc deficiency .
Zinc is very effective for proper brain function .
Along with copper , and phosphorus , Zinc keeps the brain safe .
The skin is protected by zinc .
The sexual development of organs is very dependant on zinc .
When these organs take all of the zinc during puberty , the skin suffers .
yes Acne ,
It is when you are growing and cannot get enough zinc to go around .
Angstrom zinc can help avoid those embarrassing years of zinc deficiency .
that is why so many acne medicines have zinc in them .
The problem is , most zinc supplements are not in the right form or are too week to do the job they need done .
Angstrom liquid zinc supplement is the smallest cell ready zinc supplement today .
It can enter the cell directly with out digestion .
You get 99.9 % of the zinc you paid for straight to the cells .
Other zinc Supplements get 5 % to 7 % of the zinc .
You get more zinc for your dollar with Angstrom Zinc !
Zinc is effective in hormone production , improves sex drive and has been proven to reduce the size of the prostrate gland , helps prevent prostate cancer and is important for the proper maintenance of the male reproductive system .
" Zinc is involved in the production and function of several sex hormones .
Severe zinc deficiency has been shown to cause male sterility . "
68
66 . Dr. Carl C. Pfeiffer , Ph.D. , M.D. , Dr. Carl C. Pfeiffer 's Updated Fact / Book on Zinc and Other Micro-Nutrients , ( Keats Publishing , Inc. , 1978 ) , pg. 13 .
67 . Dr. Carl C. Pfeiffer , Ph.D. , M.D. , Dr. Carl C. Pfeiffer 's Updated Fact / Book on Zinc and Other Micro-Nutrients , ( Keats Publishing , Inc. , 1978 ) , pg. 53 .
68 . Bernard Jensen , Ph.D. , The Chemistry of Man , ( Bernard Jensen , 1983 ) pg. 366 .
A Sydney mother has been charged with leaving her little boy locked inside a car in scorching temperatures while she went shopping .
The woman , who has admitted making a " stupid mistake " , attended Windsor police station this afternoon and was charged with leaving a child unsupervised in a motor vehicle .
She was granted bail to appear at Windsor Local Court on January 27 .
The 18 - month - old was rescued by shopkeepers who used a hammer to smash their way into a four - wheel drive and to releave the 18 - month - old boy in the carpark of a shopping centre at McGraths Hill in northwest Sydney yesterday .
The temperature inside the vehicle was estimated to be more than 60 degrees Celsius .
The boy 's 34 - year - old mother , who has five children , had been contacted by caseworkers investigating the matter , authorities said today .
Indian Furniture Manufacturer & Exporter Looking for exotic collection of furniture from India to enhance the look of your bedroom , living room or office space ?
Shiva Creations , one of the leading Indian furniture manufacturers and exporters can offer a wide range of collections in this regard .
Be it cheap furniture manufactured from wood varieties like acacia , mango , rosewood and Sheesham or durable and elegant collections in the range of teak and other costly wood , Shiva creations has the experience and exposure of manufacturing and exporting all of them .
Being a pioneer of Rajasthani manufacturing art , Shiva Collections showcase wood furniture with unique appeal , longevity and durable performance .
We at Shiva Creations understand that choosing furniture is highly subjective and depends upon personal taste , budget and requirement .
Hence , we upgrade our collections in regular interval and ensure that you get the exact design according to your wish .
For the convenience of shopping , we operate both online and onsite .
Our online store showcase a broader range of ethnic Indian furniture , traditional and ethnic designs matching to both lower and higher budget .
With few clicks on computer , you can easily scan through all the collections available at our online store from the comfort of home .
For the comfort of customers , we have started accepting orders online .
Being a wholesale exporter and manufacturer of elegant and inexpensive Indian furniture , we ensure that you get the furniture if best quality at a comparatively lower price .
Our online gateway for payment acceptance is highly secured .
We accept orders 24X7 and promise its prompt delivery .
Traditional Furniture
Your search for creative and innovation furniture sets ends here as Shiva Creation showcases an exquisite range of contemporary and traditional furniture .
This leading Indian furniture supplier and exporter has years of experience in manufacturing qualitative furniture of latest and conventional designs .
Armed with skilled and creative artisans , Shiva Creations make sure that every furniture piece you purchase has its own exclusivity .
That is the reason why its customer base is crowded with people from every corner of the world and having superior taste for life and quality .
Purchasing traditional furniture from Shiva Creations will offer you several advantages .
Quality and innovation are the way of life at this leading Indian furniture manufacturer .
We ensure unmatched design and delicate elegance to all furniture models being displayed at our gallery .
Being a wholesale supplier , we can afford to offer you attractive discounts on your purchase .
Having online gallery , we enable you to purchase Indian wooden furniture from any part of the world .
Once you book the product , we aim at delivering at your address in as - it - is condition .
At Shiva Creations , you are free to choose from mass - procured traditional furniture or order for a custom one .
If you wish for a custom furniture set , you need to provide us the idea and your budget .
Our skilled artisans devote their committed efforts to turn your creative design into a reality .
We also specialize in ethnic and inexpensive Indian furniture .
Handcrafted Furniture Handcrafted furniture and Indian culture are inseparable .
From time immemorial , they have remained masterpieces of art , creativity and elegance .
Capable of transforming the look of your home and office , handcrafted furniture from India are available both in luxury and budget range .
Known for inimitable style , irresistible appeal and impeccable durability , handcrafted ethnic Indian furniture has global acclamation and acceptance .
Presence of these furniture sets will definitely add a sense of superiority to your personality and taste .
Shiva Creations ,
One of the leading Indian agencies engaged in manufacturing , exporting and supplying furniture from India , offers a wide rage of options related to handcrafted furniture .
You can mark exclusivity in every piece of wooden furniture placed at online and onsite gallery of Shiva Creations .
Saga of uncompromised quality , price range matching to every budget and transformations related to design have made Shiva Creations a leading name in the domain of Indian furniture exporters .
The best part of entrusting your furniture requirement to Shiva Creations is the availability of custom designs .
Share your out - of - box idea and budget with us and let our skilled artisans to deliver an unmatched design .
Online booking facility of Shiva Creations enables you to purchase handcrafted furniture of India from any corner of the world .
We accept online payment and ensure prompt delivery of selected furniture from India in your address .
As we are wholesale suppliers and manufacturers , you have a bright chance to purchase handcrafted furniture from us at a comparatively lower price .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
For almost 60 historic seconds in March , the Transition -- half car , half airplane -- soared over New York 's Plattsburgh International Airport .
The airborne minute was the first successful test flight for the two - seat , road - ready aircraft .
" Our test pilot 's comment was that it was an unremarkable flight , " says Carl Dietrich , CEO and co-founder of Terrafugia , the 10 - person startup in Woburn , Mass . , that designed and built the Transition .
" That 's what we wanted to hear . "
The March flight was the first of two dozen runs that mark the initial stage of bringing the flying car into production .
It 's also a bit of validation for an industry that has existed for nearly a century without a single market - ready success .
Since the 1930s , more than 30 patents have been filed for flying car designs , documenting the dreams of dozens of aviation entrepreneurs enthralled by Jetsonian ideals of zooming around dodging traffic in tiny , efficient personal aircrafts .
Advances in composite materials and recent modifications of Federal Aviation Administration requirements have lowered some of the barriers of entry into this slow - moving market .
Today , there are at least 12 U.S. firms working on flying car prototypes .
But only one , Terrafugia , expects to deliver its product to customers in the near future -- and that 's still two years away .
" We 're on schedule to make our first delivery at the end of 2011 , " says Dietrich .
" But we still have to go through all of the certification testing next year .
Hopefully we 'll still be on track after that . "
Like every startup in its sector , Terrafugia faces obstacles that have plagued the market for as long as the car - as - plane concept has existed .
First , there are the aerodynamic and technological challenges of making a vehicle perform as both a car and a plane .
The key problem is figuring out how to make it light enough to fly but stable enough to drive along highways .
Then there 's the legal hurdle : " People can create their dream machine , but how is it regulated ? " asks Dick Knapinski , spokesman for the Experimental Aircraft Association in Oshkosh , Wis .
" Do they need certification from the DMV or the FAA ?
Do you take off from the street in front of your house or drive to the nearest airport ?
The regulatory structure is n't set up right now for the mass distribution of such a vehicle . "
And finally , there 's not a lot of evidence that business travelers -- the ideal customer -- want the product .
That makes it hard for entrepreneurs to attract investors , especially in the current lending environment .
" As the technology , materials , and possibilities continue to expand , it 's out there , but I do n't see flying cars happening within the next five years , " says Knapinski .
A tough sell
The biggest problem flying car firms face is convincing the market that their contraptions are more necessity than novelty .
" For a hundred years private airplanes have been used as a luxury or a toy , " says Mitchell LaBiche , a mechanical engineer in Alvin , Texas , who has been working on his Flying Sports Car No. 1 for nearly 20 years .
" Unlike the utility of cars , planes have never been adopted into the mass market .
Our FSC - 1 is targeted at trying to make airplanes useful . "
The basic idea behind flying cars is a pragmatic one :
Save travelers the hours they waste by flying commercially .
Firms like Moller International , based in Davis , Calif. , are working on space - age vehicles that can vertically lift off from a driveway , oil rig platform or skyscraper deck .
But until the government develops an interstate highway system in the sky , most flying car entrepreneurs are focusing on infrastructures already in place , like the 5,200 small airports scattered across the country .
" Every town in America has an airport that 's underutilized , " says Jim Milner , founder of Milner Motors , a Bethesda , Ma. , and Vancouver , Wash . , company developing a four - to five - seat AirCar .
" The idea is that you have the car parked in your garage , drive to the airport , extend the wings and go , landing at the airport nearest to your destination . "
The costs , though , are prohibitive to many travelers .
First - run models will probably range from $ 100,000 to $ 200,000 , and the price tag for obtaining a sport pilot license runs from $ 2,800 to $ 3,500 , according to the EAA .
Then , says Knapinski , there 's the issue of folks getting comfortable with flying .
" It 's something that happens when there are hundreds , if not thousands of these cars on the road and in the sky , " he says .
Finding capital
Given the cost building , testing , and certifying a new flying machine -- a few million dollars to construct a prototype , then millions more to get it FAA - certified -- all flying car companies launched to date have eventually run out of cash .
Ken Wernicke , a former Bell Helicopter Textron engineer - cum - entrepreneur , made the cover of Popular Mechanics in the 1990s for his work on his Aircar , which featured groundbreaking wing technology that made it easier to transition between flying and driving .
After building a model and sustaining many wind - tunnel tests , he shelved the project in the late 1990s .
" We ran out of money , had zero investors .
Perhaps I was n't much of a salesman , " he says .
Today 's generation is n't faring much better .
While the company wo n't release specifics , Terrafugia says it closed two small rounds of angel funding this year but is searching for equity partners to help sustain certification testing .
Robin Haynes , a Sacramento - based serial entrepreneur who has been working on his Skyblazer concept for nearly 20 years , needs about $ 5 million to build a working prototype .
Branko Sarh , a senior technical fellow at Boeing ( BA , Fortune 500 ) in southern California , needs $ 10 million to advance his sports car - like Sokol A400 .
And LaBiche has already invested millions into his FSC - 1 , but needs cash to fly his concept model .
" A brand - new market -- it 's not a cheap thing to develop , " he says .
" And this is probably the worst time to raise money . "
It 's easy to blame the lack of investment capital on the economy -- the National Venture Capital Association ( NVCA ) recently reported that fund raising among venture firms and is at its lowest level since 2003 -- but some investors say there 's another reason why these innovators are facing hard times .
" For most venture capitalists , there has to be a strong demand for the technology they 're investing in , regardless of the economy , " says Emily Mendell , VP of strategic affairs at the NVCA .
" In terms of automobiles , VCs are really focusing on alternative energy and making the cars that already exist run better . "
Even so , flying car tinkerers are n't giving up .
Investing in the aviation industry might " be the easiest way to turn $ 100 into $ 10 , " laughs LaBiche .
" The last barrier we have to break is get to get people to understand that we 're not just trying to make another airplane .
We 're building a whole new industry that makes airplanes more useful . "
Photo gallery :
Not ready for takeoff
To write a note to the editor about this article , click here
Jerusalem ( CNN ) -- Israel approved a construction plan Tuesday for hundreds of houses in a disputed neighborhood on Jerusalem 's southern outskirts , quickly prompting criticism from Washington .
The Jewish state 's Interior Ministry said it had approved the construction of 900 units in Gilo .
The approval of construction moves forward the process for the project ; it will now be opened to public objections .
Final approval will follow several other stages , and construction is likely several years away .
Washington said it was dismayed at the move .
" At a time when we are working to re-launch negotiations , these action make it more difficult for our efforts to succeed , " White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said in a written statement .
" The U.S. also objects to other Israeli practices in Jerusalem related to housing , including the continuing pattern of evictions and demolitions of Palestinian homes .
Our position is clear : the status of Jerusalem is a permanent - status issue that must be resolved through negotiations between the parties , " Gibbs said .
" Neither party should engage in efforts or take actions that could unilaterally pre-empt , or appear to pre-empt , negotiations . "
President Barack Obama entered office in January promising a new focus on the conflict .
He appointed a Middle East peace envoy , George Mitchell , whose efforts have failed to break the deadlock .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has refused to order a total freeze on all new Jewish settlement construction on the West Bank and in East Jerusalem , as the Obama administration originally demanded .
" The Israeli PM is prepared to adopt the policy of the greatest possible restraint regarding growth in the settlements in order to revitalize the peace process , this applies to the West Bank , " Netanyahu 's office said in a statement .
" Jerusalem is Israel 's capital and will remain as such . "
The United States has stepped back from its position requiring a total freeze in settlement expansion , leading to uproar among Palestinians .
And the president of the Palestinian Authority , Mahmoud Abbas , has threatened to resign , which could lead to the collapse of the Middle East peace process if he does .
However , Jerusalem Mayor Nir Barkat called it a U.S. " demand " that Israel stop its construction .
" The demand to halt construction by religion is not legal in the United States or in any other free place in the world , " he said in a written statement released Tuesday .
" I do not presume that any government would demand to freeze construction in the United States based on race , religion or gender and the attempt to demand it from Jerusalem is a double standard and inconceivable . "
Asked if the construction had come up when Mitchell met in London with Israeli negotiators , U.S. State Department spokesman Ian Kelly said he did n't want to get into the " substance of these negotiations .
It 's sensitive , " he said , adding that some Israeli press reports did say that the issue was raised in the meetings .
But he said he would n't " steer " reporters " one way or the other on it . "
The construction approval comes days after the Palestinian Authority 's prime minister said the Palestinian Authority is moving forward to build the institutions needed to manage an independent Palestinian state even as peace talks remain stalled .
In a policy paper published in August , Palestinian Authority Prime Minister Salam Fayyad laid out a plan to create " a de facto state apparatus " within two years -- spurring speculation about whether a unilateral Palestinian declaration of statehood was forthcoming .
But Sunday , Fayyad told reporters that his state - building process was different from a declaration of statehood .
" Getting ready for statehood and statehood proclamation are two different things , " he said .
" What we in the Palestinian Authority are concerned with is Part A of this , which is to prepare for that eventuality . "
Fayyad 's August proposal defined a vision for a Palestinian state based on 1967 borders and with East Jerusalem as its capital .
He said a decision on statehood would not fall to the Palestinian Authority , but to the Palestine Liberation Organization .
The Palestinian Authority was created to administer the Palestinian territories as part of the 1993 Oslo Accords between Israel and the PLO .
As a representative of the Palestinians , the PLO was granted observer status at the United Nations in 1975 .
The prime minister also indicated that the Palestinians may turn to the United Nations to give its support to a resolution backing the creation of a Palestinian state .
CNN 's Shira Medding contributed to this report .
A new post yesterday on the All - Things - Aviation.com blog related " 3 stories about pilots who did n’t learn , did n’t care and did n’t survive . "
I was all too familiar with one of those stories having read about it in the Cape May County Herald after it occurred last month .
There 's something particularly heart rending about a Private pilot taking off with his son into a 300 foot overcast with the all too predictable result .
Clearly this pilot was not a student of history , aircraft accident data , or FAA regulations .
Otherwise he would have realized that he needlessly threw away his life and that of his son .
The pilot was 53 years old , had a total of 395 hours and was not instrument rated .
According to witnesses , the pilot had originally planned to depart KOBI , the Woodbine Municipal airport in Woodbine , NJ , for a family hunting trip to Indiana two days before the accident , but weather postponed his trip .
The following day , the pilot requested assistance from the airport manager in using an internet - based flight planning tool and accessed DUATs once that evening .
The next morning , the day of the accident , IMC prevailed , but the forecast called for conditions to improve as the day progressed .
The recorded weather conditions at the airport reported an overcast ceiling at 300 feet above ground level ( agl ) for the period from 10 AM to noon .
This is considered low IFR and in fact the ceiling was below the minimums for the published instrument approach procedures at the airport .
Witnesses universally reported a solid overcast ceiling was present at 200 to 300 feet agl , that " there were no holes " in the ceiling , and that " there was no sun " shining anywhere that they could see .
About 10:40 AM , the pilot radioed his intention to depart and began his takeoff roll on runway 31 in his 1972 Piper Arrow .
According to newspaper reports , his wife “ Valerie , 52 , was actually very close to getting on the plane with her men .
Even though she was n’t packed for the trip , she was going to fly with them , buy some clothes in Indiana , and fly back on a commercial flight in a few days .
The only reason she did n’t go was because Ted saw the break in the clouds and wanted to take advantage of it right away .
There was n’t time to get her on the flight . ”
The quote speaks volumes about the state of mind of the pilot .
If there was n’t “ enough time to get her on the plane , ” then clearly he felt that he was trying to depart through a very narrow window of opportunity .
Narrow windows mean narrow margins of safety .
This pilot was so intent upon completing his mission — one which had already been delayed for two days — that he was willing to take on extraordinary risks without thought for his own safety .
No sane Private pilot should take off into a 300 foot solid overcast .
In that frame of mind , the pilot was probably looking for any possible hint that the trip might be possible .
“ I was there and I saw what he saw , ” his wife told the Herald .
“ There was a break in the weather .
There was a thin spot where the sun was peeking through the clouds , not blue but a definite opening . ”
The comment is telling .
The couple was looking at a sucker hole .
In this case it did n’t even go all the way through .
Instead , they were apparently looking at a higher layer of clouds through a hole in the lower layer .
In that situation , there would be no way to know if the hole would remain long enough to get through it and whether there was enough space above the bottom layer to operate safely .
The couple wanted to believe that flight was possible and that was sufficient for the pilot to decide to take off .
After takeoff , one witness stated that the airplane entered the overcast about a 1/3 of a mile beyond the runway end .
According to the preliminary NTSB report :
“ Witnesses on and near the airport reported that they heard , and occasionally saw , for a period of between 5 and 10 minutes , an airplane flying in their vicinity .
All witnesses reported that the sound varied in a way that gave them the impression that the airplane was continuously changing speed and direction , as if it was climbing , descending and circling .
One witness , who was in his backyard with his daughter , stated that he was familiar with how airplanes typically sounded , but ‘ this one was different . ’
The continued variation in sound gave him the impression that the airplane was performing aerobatics , and he questioned the pilot 's judgment for performing aerobatics in the clouds .
He then saw the airplane fly over his neighbor 's house .
He said that he ‘ never saw a plane that low before , ’ and he sent his daughter inside for her safety .
Another witness at the airport saw the airplane emerge from the overcast , headed away from him to the west , and disappear below the treeline .
He then saw the airplane re-emerge , and climb back up into the overcast .
All witnesses reported that their sightings of the airplane were very brief , and lasted only a few seconds . ”
Most witnesses only reported a single sound of impact , which some described as a " thump . "
The aircraft came down within a mile of the departure runway and at a steep angle , according to the New Jersey State Police .
The first 911 call was placed at 1059 .
This pilot ’s decision making was based solely upon hope .
He was hoping that every possible turn of luck would go his way .
In his blind pursuit of flying a trip that was obviously important to him , he recklessly disregarded FAA regulations and the laws of common sense .
The outcome was predictable to everyone except the pilot and his wife .
It offers up an important lesson in how pilots can be blind to every fact except one — their desire to complete a flight at any cost .
WASHINGTON ( IPS ) — U.S. national security officials , concerned that President Barack Obama might be abandoning the strategy of full - fledged counterinsurgency war in Afghanistan , are claiming new intelligence assessments suggesting that al Qaeda would be allowed to return to Afghanistan in the event of a Taliban victory .
But two former senior intelligence analysts who have long followed the issue of al Qaeda ’s involvement in Afghanistan question the alleged new intelligence assessments .
They say that the Taliban leadership still blames Osama bin Laden and al Qaeda for their loss of power after 9/11 and that the Taliban - al Qaeda cooperation is much narrower today than it was during the period of Taliban rule .
The nature of the relationship between al Qaeda and the Taliban has been a central issue in the White House discussions on Afghanistan strategy that began last month , according to both White House spokesman Robert Gibbs and National Security Adviser Gen. James Jones .
One of the arguments for an alternative to the present counterinsurgency strategy by officials , including aides to Ambassador Richard Holbrooke , is that the Taliban would n’t allow al Qaeda to reestablish bases inside Afghanistan , The Wall Street Journal reported Oct.
5 . The reasoning behind the argument , according to the report , is that the Taliban realises that its previous alliance with al Qaeda had caused it to lose power after the Sep. 11 attacks .
Officials in national security organs that are committed to the counterinsurgency strategy have now pushed back against the officials who they see as undermining the war policy .
McClatchy newspapers reported Sunday that officials have cited what they call “ recent U.S. intelligence assessments ” that the Taliban and other Afghan insurgent groups have “ much closer ties to al Qaida now than they did before 9/11 ” and would allow al Qaeda to re-establish bases in Afghanistan if they were to prevail .
McClatchy reporters said 15 mid-level or senior intelligence , military and diplomatic officials they interviewed had agreed with the alleged intelligence assessments .
But John McCreary , formerly a senior analyst at the Defence Intelligence Agency , wrote last week on NightWatch , an online news analysis service , that the history of Taliban - al Qaeda relations suggests a very different conclusion .
After being ousted from power in 2001 , he wrote , the Taliban “ openly derided the Arabs of al Qaida and blamed them for the Taliban ’s misfortunes ” .
The Taliban leaders “ vowed never to allow the foreigners – especially the haughty , insensitive Arabs – back into Afghanistan , ” wrote McCreary .
“ In December 2001 , [ Mullah Mohammad ]
Omar was ridiculed in public by his own commanders for inviting the ‘ Arabs ’ and other foreigners , which led to their flight to Pakistan . ”
McCreary concluded , “ The premise that Afghanistan would become an al Qaida safe haven under any future government is alarmist and bespeaks a lack of understanding of the Pashtuns on this issue and a superficial knowledge of recent Afghan history . ”
The Central Intelligence Agency ’s former national intelligence officer for the Middle East , Paul Pillar , expressed doubt that the Taliban ’s relations with al Qaeda are tighter now than before the Taliban regime was ousted .
“ I do n’t see how you can say that , ” Pillar told IPS .
“ If you look at the pre-9/11 relationship between the Taliban and al Qaeda , in many ways it was far more extensive . ”
In the civil war between the Taliban regime and its Northern Alliance foes from 1996 through 2001 , Pillar observed , “ bin Laden ’s Arabs and money ” represented a far bigger role in supporting the Taliban than the one al Qaeda is playing now .
“ You can say that there are more groups which have relationships with al Qaeda now , but I do n’t see any as close as that which existed before 9/11 , ” said Pillar .
The role played by Osama bin Laden and al Qaeda in the Taliban ’s struggle against its rival the Northern Alliance from 1996 to 2001 has been documented by journalist Roy Gutman , now foreign editor of McClatchy newspapers , and other sources .
As early as 1997 , 300 Arab troops trained by bin Laden troops were fighting alongside the Taliban on the front line north of Kabul , according to Gutman ’s book , How We Missed the Story , published in 2008 .
Later , they were reported to have taken over large sections of that front line .
Bin Laden ’s military and financial support became an even more important crutch for the Taliban regime in its final years in power .
Gutman says the Taliban ’s mid-summer 1998 offensive in northern Pakistan was largely financed by bin Laden .
In the last stage of the conflict , Gutman writes , al Qaeda troops consisted of 1,500 to 2,500 Arabs and Central Asian “ Frontline fighters , ” and Ahmed Shah Massoud , the commander of the Northern Alliance forces seeking to overthrow the Taliban , regarded them as his toughest and most committed opponents .
Gutman quotes Massoud telling CIA operative Gary Schroen , “ Every time I fight the Taliban , the glue that holds them together is the Arab units . ”
Osama bin Laden also financed Taliban military equipment and operations , according to Gutman ’s account .
A summer 1998 Taliban offensive was fought with hundreds of new Japanese pickup trucks —
Massoud claimed a total of 1,200 vehicles — bought with bin Laden ’s money .
Today , however , al Qaeda is cash - strapped and has very few foreign fighters in Afghanistan , whereas the Taliban appear to be well - financed .
The U.S. Treasury Department ’s expert on terrorist financing , David Cohen , said al Qaeda is “ in its weakest financial position in several years ” and “ its influence is waning ” , the BBC reported Tuesday .
Gen . Jones told CNN interviewer John King Oct. 4 the presence of al Qaeda in Afghanistan today is “ minimal , ” adding the “ maximum estimate ” is 100 foreign fighters .
One official critical of the White House position quoted in the McClatchy story suggested the number might be as high as 200 or 250 .
Both figures appears to be consistent with the estimate by Western officials of a total of only 100 to 300 foreign fighters in Afghanistan cited in the New York Times Oct. 30 , 2007 .
Of that total , however , only “ small numbers ” were Arabs and Chechens , Uzbeks or other Central Asians , who are known to have links with al Qaeda , Seth Jones of the Rand Corporation told Voice of America the following month .
The bulk of the foreign fighters in Afghanistan are Pashtuns from across the border in Pakistan .
Those Pashtun fighters are recruited from religious schools in Pakistan , but there is no evidence that they are affiliated with al Qaeda .
Just this month , U.S. intelligence has increased its estimate of Taliban armed insurgents to 17,000 , compared with 10,000 in late 2007 .
Even if all foreign fighters were considered as al Qaeda , therefore , 250 of them would represent only 1.5 percent of the estimated total .
A Web tool that generates color maps of projected temperature and precipitation changes using 16 of the world 's most prominent climate - change models is being used to consider such things as habitat shifts that will affect endangered species , places around the world where crops could be at risk because of drought and temperatures that could cripple fruit and nut production in California 's Great Central Valley .
Climate Wizard , a tool meant for scientists and non-scientists alike , is being demonstrated by The Nature Conservancy in Copenhagen , Denmark , in conjunction with the climate summit underway there .
It also is the subject of a presentation Tuesday , Dec. 15 , at the American Geophysical Union meeting in San Francisco and a paper just released online by the Public Library of Science 's PLoS ONE with Evan Girvetz as lead presenter and lead author .
Girvetz worked on Climate Wizard during postdoctoral work at the University of Washington 's School of Forest Resources and just accepted a job with The Nature Conservancy .
" Climate Wizard is meant to make it easier to explore climate data in an interactive way , " Girvetz says .
" It makes the data accessible in ways that are more intuitive , even for people who are not climate scientists . "
For example , data used by the U.N. Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , the science organization evaluating the risks of climate change , is made visual and more readily understandable through Climate Wizard .
Politicians , resource managers and citizens are all potential users , Girvetz says .
Find Climate Wizard at http://www. climatewizard . org / .
Climate Wizard , a joint effort among the UW , University of Southern Mississippi and The Nature Conservancy , lets users focus on states , countries or regions around the world and apply different scenarios to generate color - coded maps of changes in temperature and precipitation that can , in turn , be used to consider such things as moisture stress in vegetation and freshwater supplies .
Users can choose from a number of parameters .
For example , one can look at the climate of the past 50 years or projections for mid-century , the 2050s , or toward the end of the century , the 2080s .
Among other variables , one can generate maps based on the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Changes ' estimates of greenhouse gas emissions being high , medium or low in the future .
One can consider the projections from each of 16 individual climate models .
Girvetz recommends using one of the newest features added to the program , the ability to create an ensemble of some or all of the 16 models .
Want to average the temperatures of , say , the 12 climate models that forecast the largest temperature increases ?
Climate Wizard can do so almost instantaneously .
" Ensembles can give a better range of future possible climate changes compared to using a single model , " he says .
Girvetz was the project 's analytical lead , taking the 16 climate models and organizing the data from them so they could be queried .
Chris Zganjar of The Nature Conservancy brought expertise about user experiences and George Raber of the University of Southern Mississippi developed a Web site to connect to the data sets organized by Girvetz .
Other authors on the PLoS ONE paper are Edwin Maurer , Santa Clara University ; Peter Kareiva , The Nature Conservancy , Seattle ; and Joshua Lawler , UW assistant professor of forest resources .
" Because of the size and format of the datasets , climate data are notoriously unwieldy , " Lawler says .
" Climate Wizard makes those data readily available to a much wider audience . "
###
The paper is available at http://tiny. cc/ sdCli .
Climate Wizard was funded by and initially developed for The Nature Conservancy planners and scientists wanting climate change information when considering such things as priorities for habitat protection efforts .
In the ' 80s , Pink Floyd 's Dark Side Of The Moon dominated Billboard 's " Top Pop Catalog Albums " chart , in large part because that was the decade CDs were introduced , and Dark Side was a standard purchase for people looking to test out their new toy .
In the '90s , Legend : The Best Of Bob Marley And The Wailers surged , in step with a renewed undergrad interest in mellow vibes and jammin ' .
Well , last week Billboard released its chart of the best - selling Catalog Albums of the '00s , and while Pink Floyd came in reliably at # 3 and Bob Marley at # 2 , the new Catalog champ was something of a surprise : Bob Seger & The Silver Bullet Band 's Greatest Hits , which was first released in 1994 .
Advertisement
Why Seger ?
Why now ?
Does this have anything to do with Seger 's longstanding reluctance to release his catalog digitally ( thereby depriving music - lovers of the chance to cherry - pick their favorite Seger songs and make their own " greatest hits " ) ?
Or do people just really , really like those Chevy commercials ?
Platell 's people 2009 : My Monster of the Year is as fake as his new tan
Throughout the year , this column has delivered a waspish take on the personalities behind the week 's news .
Here , Amanda Platell looks back at those heroes and villains - and chooses Platell 's People 's Awards for 2009 .
In a world overpopulated by lying , conniving hypocrites , one man stood out this year as the worst : our former Prime Minister Tony Blair .
Typical of his breathtaking arrogance was the revelation at the Chilcot Inquiry into the Iraq war that he was told that Saddam Hussein did n't have any weapons of mass destruction ( Blair 's main reason for ordering an invasion ) , yet he still decided to go to war ten days later .
We also discovered that Blair held most of the key meetings , leading up to the invasion , behind closed doors with President Bush .
Tony Blair is Amanda Platell 's Monster of the Year
Even his Director of Public Prosecutions , Sir Ken Macdonald , now accuses Blair of ' sycophancy ' , saying : ' He could n't resist the stage or the glamour it gave him . '
In the end , Blair was not so much Bush 's poodle as his very own Paris Hilton lapdog .
At least we now know why Blair was so desperate to be loved in the U.S. and why he betrayed his own people , sending thousands of our troops to war ( and hundreds to their deaths ) .
No , it was n't pure ego .
Nor was it his strong Christian faith .
( While nowadays he regularly uses his spiritual beliefs as a shield to hide behind , he steadfastly refused to ' do God ' while in Downing Street . )
The reason is simple : Blair has earned an estimated £ 14 million since he left office , most of it linked to his close bonds with the U.S .
And there we were , thinking that Cherie was the greedy grasper in the family .
Of course , she , too , surpassed her previous heights of self - delusion and self - promotion this year .
Despite spending £ 250,000 on antiques for just one of her many homes in her £ 17 million property portfolio , she said : ' It 's nice to be comfortable , but I 'll never stop worrying that I 've got enough . '
Comfortable !
Her husband earns nearly ten times the average salary for delivering a 13 - minute speech .
The Blairs are not so much champagne socialists now as chateaux socialists .
As always , Blair is defiantly unmoved by his snowballing unpopularity among Britons .
Many of us may detest him , but he says he 's widely loved in the rest of the world .
Hang on a second !
Since he 's not got many friends in the Middle East ( where his peace envoy work has solved little ) , in Europe ( where he 's hated for dragging the EU into two wars ) , Pakistan , Indonesia or any other Muslim country , he must mean he 's Public Hero No. 1 in Lithuania .
The truth is that Anthony Charles Lynton Blair is as fake as his new tan .
WOMAN OF THE YEAR
I salute Christina Schmid , widow of bomb disposal expert
Oz who was killed in Helmand trying to make safe another Taliban roadside bomb .
At a time when sentimentality threatens to become a nation 's abiding response to the war in Afghanistan , Mrs Schmid demonstrated the true dignity of mourning .
Rather than indulge in the mawkish modern custom of wailing and flinging flowers for the benefit of TV cameras , her stoicism was an awe - inspiring example of the proper way to honour fallen heroes .
MAN OF THE YEAR
Iain Duncan Smith , the man who coined the phrase ' Broken Britain ' , is the only politician with the guts to tell the truth about the problems this country is facing .
Namely , that we will never solve the human tragedies created by welfare dependency , drug abuse and worklessless until we rebuild the institution of the family .
The former Tory leader 's Centre For Social Justice think - tank has thought the unthinkable about how to tackle this fundamental social problem - now it 's up to David Cameron to try to do the undoable .
Meanwhile , Duncan Smith 's beloved wife , Betsy , has been battling cancer .
Clearly , courage runs in the family .
CLOT OF THE YEAR
Taken the hint : Alesha Dixon
Mercifully , Alesha Dixon ( pictured ) , the woefully inadequate replacement for Arlene Phillips on Strictly Come Dancing , has taken the hint and says she will concentrate on her singing career rather than her role as drudge , sorry judge , on the BBC1 show .
Nicknamed ' Ditto ' Dixon because of the hopeless way she drearily parroted her fellow judges ' comments , she was originally heralded as ' the new Cheryl Cole ' - gorgeous , pouting , compassionate .
True , she does share one thing with the Perfect Plastic Princess of Pop , who mimed her first solo single on The X Factor - a similar singing voice .
WITCH OF THE YEAR
A toss - up between Katie Price and Harriet Harman - super - inflated breasts vs super - inflated ego , but both dangerous caricatures of womanhood .
This pair seem hell - bent on humiliating and traducing men .
Price shows her contempt for them by drip - feeding the red - top tabloids with an endless stream of tawdry stories about her lovers ( including vitriolic smears against the fathers of her children as well as about her latest boyfriend , a cross - dressing cage boxer ) .
Harman is no less subtle .
Her hatred of men is betrayed by her pernicious equal rights law and the ludicrous sex discrimination culture it has spawned .
Labour 's deputy leader parades this agenda as a landmark victory for working women when the opposite , in fact , is true .
History will judge her zealotry to have done more to hinder the progress of women in the 21st century than any Page Three bimbo .
ICEBERG OF THE YEAR
Nicole Kidman is the only iceberg that has n't melted this year .
Just dropping her in the Antarctic would have more benefit than three Copenhagen environmental summits , because she would instantly reduce the temperature by at least two degrees .
AND A THANK - YOU TO ...
The minicab driver who struggled valiantly to get me home during the bad snows this week .
In 5in heels , there was no other way I could lug the Christmas turkey back to the house .
And to the group of young lads wearing hoodies , whom I would like to have hugged after they helped by grabbing handfuls of salt to throw on the road and help us get a grip .
And , finally , to the extremely gallant man with eyes as green as a holly bush who also came to our rescue .
In a series of interviews in her sparsely but artfully furnished apartment , Ms. Herrera always offered an afternoon cocktail 
“ Oh , do n’t be abstemious ! ”  and an outpouring of stories about prerevolutionary Cuba , postwar Paris and the many artists she has known , from Wifredo Lam to Yves Klein to Barnett Newman .
Image Ms. Herrera ’s “ Red Star ” from 1949 .
Credit ... Collection of Estrellita Brodsky , First Sale
“ Ah , Wifredo , ” she said , referring to Lam , the Cuban - born French painter .
“ All the girls were crazy about him .
When we were in Havana , my phone would begin ringing : ‘ Is Wifredo in town ? ’
I mean , come on , I was n’t his social secretary . ”
But Ms. Herrera is less expansive about her own art , discussing it with a minimalism redolent of the work .
“ Paintings speak for themselves , ” she said .
Geometry and color have been the head and the heart of her work , she added , describing a lifelong quest to pare down her paintings to their essence , like visual haiku .
Asked how she would describe to a student a painting like “ Blanco y Verde ” ( 1966 )  a canvas of white interrupted by an inverted green triangle  she said , “ I would n’t have a student . ”
To a sweet , inquiring child , then ?
“ I ’d give him some candy so he ’d rot his teeth . ”
When pressed about what looks to some like a sensual female shape in the painting , she said : “ Look , to me it was white , beautiful white , and then the white was shrieking for the green , and the little triangle created a force field .
People see very sexy things  dirty minds !
 but to me sex is sex , and triangles are triangles . ”
Born in 1915 in Havana , where her father was the founding editor of the daily newspaper El Mundo , and her mother a reporter , Ms. Herrera took art lessons as a child , attended finishing school in Paris and embarked on a Cuban university degree in architecture .
In 1939 , midway through her studies , she married Mr. Loewenthal and moved to New York .
( They had no children . )
At a December 8 benefit show at the Echoplex in L.A. , [ " Weird Al " Yankovic ] ( http://pitchfork.com/artists/10976-weird-al-yankovic/
" " Weird Al " Yankovic " ) will sing a Pixies song with members of the Pixies .
This will obviously be an incredible thing to see .
Yankovic will sing the Doolittle jam " I Bleed " .
But maybe if we bug him enough , he 'll subject a Pixies song or two to the " Weird Al " treatment .
" Here Comes Your Spam " ?
" This Monkey 's Gone to 7 - 11 " ?
This needs to happen .
The show is one of two benefits , taking place December 8 - 9 at the Echoplex and the Echo , to raise money for Winston 's Village , which supports the family of Winston Bertrand , a nine - month - old baby born with lymphatic and venous malformations , two rare and life - threatening conditions .
Pixies frontman Black Francis will host the events .
He 'll perform solo as well as with members of the Pixies ( including Flea filling in on bass ! ) and with the Grand Duchy , his duo with wife Violet Clark .
The December 8 show will also feature performances from members of Love and Rockets and She Wants Revenge , as well as Michael Penn and the 88 .
The next night , Francis will host an evening of comedy .
The bill includes Tim and Eric , Bob Odenkirk , Brian Posehn , and Pixies drummer David Lovering .
Francis will perform on both nights , which raises the absolutely intriguing possibility of a Black Francis stand - up comedy set .
Google Maps Adds Oblique Aerial Imagery
Posted on December 8 , 2009 .
Filed under : Uncategorized |
The one big advantage that I always felt Bing Maps had over Google Maps was the inclusion of its Bird ’s Eye View oblique imagery .
Looks like that advantage is going away as Google Maps has finally added oblique aerial imagery .
For now the imagery is only available for San Jose and San Diego , but you can expect that to be built out further in the coming months .
Do n’t you think this
is better than this ?
Also note the addition of a compass ring on GLargeMapControl3D that enables users to rotate the imagery from different directions .
Adding an oblique perspective to your Google Maps application is really very simple as you can see from the code example below .
Simply use one of the existing map types that support aerial perspective imagery ( G_SATELLITE_MAP or G_HYBRID_MAP ) and call GMap2.enableRotation ( ) .
Obviously you would also need to be zoomed into an area that currently support oblique imagery as well .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Make a Comment
It is a truth universally acknowledged that messing with a guy who has facial tattoos is a really bad idea .
Getting dirty words tattooed on your eyelids — a popular choice , judging from the mug shots available online — is a serious commitment .
It is , as social scientists say , a " signal that is costly to fake . "
The bearer of a facial tattoo announces to the world : I expect to be in prison for most of my life , or to hang out with people who consider prison experience a character reference .
Those of us who are not a part of the criminal underworld have a much cheaper system :
Asked for a reference , we happily provide our colleagues ' phone numbers and email addresses .
But for crooks , broadcasting signals about their professional pasts and current social networks is a good way to wind up with a new pair of concrete shoes .
In Codes of the Underworld : How Criminals Communicate ( Princeton ) , the Oxford sociologist Diego Gambetta uses colorful stories and a minimum of jargon in his quest to analyze how people advertise when their business happens to be illegal .
Unlike a legal trademark , an underworld brand can't be defended with little more than an expensive attorney .
If another gang steps into your turf , you can opt for a violent defense of your signal of choice .
But gangsters who previously relied on large gaudy tattoos to get a message across can hardly go around roughing up every 17 - year - old with a tramp stamp on her tailbone .
As tattoos go mainstream , criminals have to adapt .
These days , even art on your neck , collarbone , and wrists is barely enough to signal your commitment to subcultures that are totally legal .
But there are still some kinds of tattoos — including those inky eyelid admonitions and the homespun variety created with a shard of a ballpoint pen during long hours behind bars — that retain their signaling power , demonstrating a commitment to the criminal way of life .
A guy with extensive Aryan Brotherhood facial tattoos is unlikely to snitch on his buddies .
The only thing worse than getting an eyelid tattoo is having one removed .
What 's he going to do , go into witness protection and start a new life as a kindergarten teacher in Ohio ?
In Japan , members of the yakuza have long favored tattoos covering the entire upper body to signal their mafia status .
They also amputate all or part of a pinky finger .
One study estimated that between 40 percent and 70 percent of the yakuza had sacrificed a digit , generally making the cut themselves .
Even with tattoos and auto- amputations , this traditional mafia once operated almost completely in the open .
Members had business cards , embossed with the emblems of their gangs and legends indicating their rank .
There 's an entire genre of Japanese movies devoted to their exploits .
By 1974 , Gambetta writes in an excellent chapter on how " art imitates ( low ) life , " the Japanese B- movie industry was producing 100 yakuza movies a year .
But in 1992 , as the Japanese government began a crackdown on gangsters under the Violent Groups Control Law , filmmaker Juzo Itami released a yakuza film different from the traditional B - movie fare .
Content , even proud , to be immortalized in film as brutal killers — a useful reputation for anyone who can't take their complaints to a court of law — the yakuza drew the line at the bumbling idiots depicted in The Gentle Art of Japanese Extortion .
Late one night , three young men jumped Itami and slowly carved up his face .
By scarring Itami for life , the yakuza gangsters provided evidence not only of their toughness but of his .
Itami wore the scars with pride .
This too has precedent .
German duelers in the 19th century prized Rennomierschmiss , or bragging scars .
It was a great disappointment if a hit did n't scar properly , and young men were known to tamper with the healing process , purposely patching themselves together with rough stitches .
Gambetta calls the result " an upscale tattoo , borne by a generation of doctors and jurists and professors and officials , certifying the proprietor 's claim to both manly stature and cultivated rank . "
The scars , says Gambetta , might be properly classified as " the joint production of a signal of courage — I slash your face , you slash mine . "
If you are n't a properly tattooed or otherwise credentialed tough guy , scars can act as more than mere symbols of courage .
They can also be signs of madness — a useful and understudied tool in the symbolic criminal conversation .
Here Gambetta borrows from the work of Marek Kaminski , a sociology student imprisoned in Poland in the 1980s for " anti-Communist activities . "
Kaminski lays out a jailhouse hierarchy in which 70 percent are grypsmen , or initiated gang members , 1 percent to 2 percent are " fags , " and the rest are " suckers , " outsiders vulnerable to all manner of prison predation .
Then he tells a story about a man named Prince .
Thrust into a new Polish prison cell — which , as usual , was open - plan and almost completely unsupervised , as the guards were afraid to enter — Prince is immediately asked if he is a grypsman .
He says no , then pulls a razor from his cuff and shouts , " I am a sucker , sucker - madman ! "
He threatens the assembled grypsmen and then cuts himself until he bleeds on the floor .
The grypsmen back off : " OK , you are a sucker but you are a tough - boy .
You are kind , we are kind .
Now clean it up . "
Kaminski later relates his discovery that Prince is crazy like a fox , wielding his razor only when he knows he is entering a tough room .
( Gambetta dryly notes that many of these strategies work in another environment with a stable population and forced attendance : school . )
The ( acknowledged ) ghost inside Codes of the Underworld is the Nobel - winning economist Thomas Schelling , who has for decades been applying this kind of economic analysis to the coordination and signaling problems inherent in bank robberies , blackmail , and negotiations .
Schelling 's 1960 book about the nuclear arms race , The Strategy of Conflict , centers around those paradoxical situations when it makes sense to impose limits on yourself in order to improve your negotiating position .
His famous " madman theory " holds that a " careless or even self - destructive attitude toward injury … can be a genuine strategic advantage . "
Guided by those words , Gambetta sets out to illuminate the world inhabited by these face - tattooed , duel - scarred , razor - brandishing inmates .
The result is a book that explains the hidden logic of their behavior in language intelligible to those of us who make it a point to steer clear of both well - armed dictators and well - decorated mafiosi .
Katherine Mangu - Ward is a senior editor at reason .
All releases Recent releases
20061017 Release Notes :
A crash related to handling incorrectly coded names with a Juliet extension has been fixed .
20060928 Release Notes :
This release adds support for mounting NRG , BIN , MDF , and IMG ( CloneCD ) image files .
It adds support for maintaining ~/.mtab.fuseiso and maintaining the mount point directory .
It adds support for iocharset .
20060923 Release Notes :
This release fixes the directory read code to take directory end and block borders more correctly .
It fixes a casting bug in isofs_parse_zisofs_header ( ) .
SL RR entries with flag 3 are parsed as directory separators .
A problem with the current directory after a call to daemon ( ) in libfuse has been fixed .
The government obsession with collecting data has now extended to five - year - olds , as local Community Health Services get ready to arm - twist parents into revealing the most intimate details of their own and their child ’s personal , behavioural and eating habits .
The questionnaire – or " School Entry Wellbeing Review " – is a four - page tick - box opus , at present being piloted in Lincolnshire , requiring parents to supply over 100 different data points about their own and their offspring ’s health .
Previously , parents received a " Health Record " on the birth of a child , which contained around eight questions which needed to be answered when that child started school .
The Review asks parents to indicate whether their child " often lies or cheats " : whether they steal or bully ; and how often they eat red meat , takeaway meals or fizzy drinks .
However , the interrogation is not limited to intimate details of a child ’s health .
Parents responding to the survey are asked to provide details about their health and their partner ’s health , whether they or their partner are in paid employment , and even to own up to whether or not their child is upset when they ( the parent ) returns to a room .
Completing the review is , according to a spokeswoman for Lincolnshire Community Health Services ( CHS ) " entirely the choice of the parent " .
However , the letter accompanying the review states : " Please complete the enclosed questionaire … and return it to school in the envelope provided within the next 7 days . "
There is no indication on the letter of a parent ’s right to opt out , and parents we have spoken with have expressed fears that failure to fill out this questionnaire might mean their child ’s access to health services would be diminshed .
One went so far as to say that she found the entire exercise terrifying : given the way in which social services were nowadays so quick to intervene in children ’s lives , she felt that merely objecting to this questionnaire might lead to her and her child being placed on some sort of risk register .
Ginny Blackoe , Head of Family and Healthy Lifestyle Services , confirmed that children would not be excluded from the School Nursing service on the basis of non-completion of the health needs assessment .
She went on : " On reflection I agree that this should have been clearer in the letter accompanying the questionnaire and I will ensure that this is actioned by the Lead for School Nursing . "
She also explained that as part of Lincolnshire ’s softly - softly consensual approach to data gathering , this initial communication will be followed up with a reminder and then a third letter and a potential home visit from the School Nursing team .
El Reg put a number of specific questions both to Lincolnshire Community Health Services and to the Department of Health .
We asked whether this process was lawful .
We also asked whether not mentioning a parental right to opt out was a very convenient omission – and whether the process as a whole might be considered intimidatory .
Lincolnshire CHS were adamant that the process did not breach any laws on Data Protection .
A spokeswoman said : " The questionnaire does not contravene the Data Protection Act . "
They further added that the data would only be provided in anonymised form to third parties .
However , they were not prepared to engage in discussion of how this review fitted with DPA requirements that data be " obtained fairly " and that collection be " adequate for purpose " and " not excessive " .
Nor have they responded on the specific issue around their right to collect data on third parties - partners of parents filling in the form .
Minnesota Vikings plan to reopen practice facility Thursday
Vikings head athletic trainer Eric Sugarman said players and staff will continue to be monitored closely for COVID - 19 over the next few days while the practice facility is expected to reopen Thursday .
When I reported about a week ago ( AI Leaves Grizz For Personal Reasons ) I was pretty sure that was the last you would see Allen Iverson in a Memphis Grizzlies uniform and now it has come to past .
According to the Commercial Appeal , A.I. will be waived within the next couple of days and will be able to sign with any team of his choice .
I believe that team to be the Cleveland Cavaliers remember where you heard it first .
The Memphis situation was destine for failure from the beginning .
You ca n’t take a player who is use to be treated like a “ Rock Star ” and expect him to be happy with one of the worse franchises in the NBA .
Add on to the fact Iverson thinks he is still the AI of 2002 , so he could not and would not accept being a bench player on a bad team .
I am surprised it took three game to be honest .
The question begs is Iverson willing to put his ego in check to be a bench player on a good team or will he continue to be a “ cooler ” wherever he goes and make the situation worse ?
If Lebron makes the decision he wants AI in the Cleveland he will be there .
If not do n’t be surprised if he goes to the Knicks where he can shoot 100 times a game average 25 points and lose almost every night .
The sad thing about it , is Iverson would be a great 6th man if he would just wrap his mind that he is n’t an elite player anymore .
He can be effective just not elite .
I do n’t think being around Lebron could help him at this point .
On the positive note this new development has given me another opportunity to implore you to watch this video :
ALLEN IVERSON STARRING IN “ PRESS HOP ”
The first time I saw The Vagina Monologues was in 1996 when it was off , off , off Broadway .
Friends of mine who'd seen the play had alerted me that the author and sole performer , Eve Ensler , mentioned my workshops .
That evening I sat in a small theater listening to a charming young woman who talked about my Women 's Sexuality Workshops with a distorted view of what I 'd been doing for over twenty - five years .
She called it " The Vagina Workshop . "
Never in my wildest nightmare would I have ever considered using the word vagina to describe the work I 'd been doing .
One of the great sexual tragedies in history occurred when Dr. Sigmund Freud formulated his theory that the clitoris was an infantile source of pleasure and that as a woman matures , her sexual sensations are transferred to the vagina .
This theory has kept countless millions of women from becoming orgasmic .
Yet the myth prevails .
Women constantly ask me how to have an orgasm from vaginal penetration only .
Today , tomorrow and next year , I will post letters on my website explaining to women young and old that the clitoris with eight thousand nerve endings is their primary sex organ .
In order to enjoy orgasms during partnersex , most women need to include some form of direct or indirect clitoral stimulation during vaginal intercourse
In her play , Eve went on to describe the workshops participants lying on blue mats like a Yoga class looking at their " vaginas " with a hand mirror trying to find their " G - spots . "
It was painful for me to hear what she was saying .
My workshops were held in my beautiful carpeted living room .
The entire class looked at one person 's vulva at a time .
Using a freestanding mirror she was able to use both hands to open her outer and inner lips , as well as pull back the hood of her clitoris .
As I sat next to each woman looking into the same mirror , I guided her through the exquisite form of her sex organ .
Viewing the female genitals with only one hand would be like pulling our mouth to one side and thinking that 's how we looked when we smiled .
" Well , Eve 's a playwright , " I reasoned , " and this is called poetic license . "
But I felt I had to confront her about not mentioning the word CLITORIS in describing my workshop .
As a matter of fact , the word clitoris was never mentioned throughout the entire play .
I wondered why she had never contacted me to discuss my work .
Later , in her dressing room , I told Eve I would never have women looking for some elusive spot inside the vagina .
I wanted women to find the clitoris , the best source of sexual stimulation for our orgasms .
At that moment , Eve repeated the word " clitoris " and seemed pleased because she thought it sounded even " funnier . "
I let the blue mats and the hand mirror slide to avoid sounding too critical .
After all , her play had other merits - everyone left feeling happy and proud to be a woman .
In 1998 Eve sent me two complimentary tickets for the Ms. Foundation benefit performance of The Vagina Monologues held at the Hammerstein Ballroom in New York City .
This time an impressive cast of movie stars along with Eve read the Monologues .
Eve mentioned my name from the stage saying I still ran workshops and I was thrilled to see she 'd added the clitoris in a revised version of " The Vagina Workshop . "
There was also a new monologue called Reclaiming Cunt , which also pleased me since I 'd told Eve that " cunt " was my favorite word for the female genitals .
This old Anglo Saxon noun included all the parts and it sounded strong .
That night it became clear that the format for The Vagina Monologues had dramatically changed .
The audience was brought to a delirious high during the first half only to be dashed into hopeless despair during the second half .
We were plunged down , drowning in a sea filled with the horrors of sexual violence against women .
So what did I expect with the conservative Ms. crew on board ?
They have rarely been able to talk about sex without bringing up rape , abuse , wife beating , and genital mutilation .
It was déjà vu .
In the seventies Ms. had held up publication of my article " Liberating Masturbation " for more than two and a half years fearing they would lose subscriptions .
Ms. Also supported Woman Against Pornography in the eighties .
The idea that feminists were pushing for the censorship of sexual entertainment led many of us to identify ourselves as pro-sex feminists .
Now in the nineties they had done it again .
V no longer stood for vagina .
It stood for violence .
Sex and violence , never sex and pleasure - talking about sexual pleasure when there is so much sexual violence against women would be inappropriate , insensitive and politically incorrect .
And who is to blame for all the sexual violence against women ?
According to feminist extremists it 's still the patriarchy .
Does that mean daddy or our brothers ?
Is it the stranger who raped us ?
Or is it the first man who broke our heart or the first one we married who cheated on us ?
Maybe it 's the pope or God himself , but it 's definitely mankind .
It 's very difficult to criticize V Day without sounding anti-woman or pro-violence .
Dare we ask why so many feminists think women have cornered the market on being victimized by violence ?
Will we sound too insensitive in mentioning the violence caused by poverty , hunger , and wars that affect women , men and children of every gender ?
Are we to ignore all the wives who verbally abuse and dominate husbands ?
Shall we pretend there are no mothers who all too frequently raise a hand to punish a child ?
It 's almost as if feminists insist on ignoring the power that many mothers wield in the home to preserve the image that all woman are helpless victims incapable of violence .
Could we cut to the chase and say that the source of violence against women comes from the extreme fundamentalists in all the major religions including Christians , Jews , Hindus and Muslims ?
That all forms of authoritarianism exercised by both women and men are the source of violence along with ignorance and prejudice ?
On February 2001 another Gala Benefit of V - Day was held at Madison Square Garden .
This time the cast of women reading the monologues had reached nearly one hundred of the biggest names from screen and television .
They included Oprah Winfrey , Jane Fonda , Glen Close , Rosie Perez , Claire Danes , Marisa Tomei to name a few .
The Garden was filled to capacity with 18,000 in attendance .
V - Day now had big corporate sponsorship .
They had raised a million and a half dollars with more pouring in to end violence against women and girls .
The Vagina Monologues are being performed across the country in hundreds of colleges and universities here and abroad .
V - Day had gone global .
Vagina , vagina , vagina , I can almost hear Freud laughing in his grave .
That night at Madison Square Garden I realized The Vagina Monologues and V - Day had become a bait and switch operation .
The ruse is to get everyone excited about hearing famous women saying the words vagina , clitoris , and cunt only to bring us down with statistics about rape and the sexual abuse of women especially in other countries .
Ignored are our mothers , wives , sisters and daughters that have never had an orgasm or enjoyed an ounce of pleasure during the sex act right here at home .
Goddess forbid people would be sent home happy with new information about women 's sexual pleasure .
Instead , this powerful venue , Madison Square Garden , sends us home feeling guilty about all the women in Africa , Bosnia and Afghanistan who are being raped , tortured and genitally mutilated .
Many leave with the false belief that all the millions raised will actually end sexual violence against women .
This becomes a bad joke when we realize that American women must continue the struggle to preserve our right to choose abortion , have easy access to birth control and sex information now that the religious right controls the white house .
It 's much easier to look at other countries and gasp at their cruel and inhuman sexual practices .
It keeps us from having to face our own sexual problems .
By focusing on the genital mutilation of African women , we do n't have to consider all the women and girls here at home who have no visual image of their own genitals , do n't know what a clitoris is and have never been able to experience sexual arousal and orgasm .
V - Day awarded a quarter of a million to RAWA , an organization working to liberate the women of Afghanistan .
One hundred thousand implemented the three winning prizes of the first worldwide contest to stop rape .
Nearly forty finalists were flown in from all parts of the world and three winners were brought up on stage .
However , not one of them was given the opportunity to tell the audience their ideas on how they intended to stop rape in their respective countries .
The V - Day college initiative with students performing the Vagina Monologues will raise nearly a half a million that will go to grassroots non-violence organizations .
Once again it 's sex and violence - never sex and pleasure .
That night at Madison Square Garden there was no complimentary ticket for Granny Dodson to attend the biggest V - day Rally to date .
I was there only because my girlfriend had VIP tickets .
She 's convinced that without me there would be no Vagina Monologues .
I correct her saying , " Clit Dialogues , please - anything but vagina . "
Eve is no longer the disarming young woman delivering her monologues .
She has become an evangelical minister shouting and gesturing and admonishing us to demand an end to violence against women as the crowd roars in agreement .
Toward the end of the evening Eve asked everyone who'd ever been raped to stand up .
Only a smattering of women stood .
Then she asked for those women who had been beaten to stand .
Many more stood .
Finally she asked all those to stand who knew any woman who'd been raped or beaten which included most of the audience .
I refused to stand as an insignificant protest knowing she would never ask those of us who had never been raped or beaten and who enjoyed our sexuality to stand .
That 's the main problem with V - day .
Women end up with a false idea that V - day will end violence against women and girls .
Ending violence is a worthy cause and I 'm all for it , but consistently equating sex with violence offers no real solution .
V - day promises us that awareness plus education equals prevention .
I can only hope that by the time they get to the education phase , a group of orgasmic women will replace The Vagina Monologues with Clit Conversations that will teach women how to take sexual pleasure into their own hands .
If only Eve had been more accurate in her description of my work , people would know that I ran masturbation workshops .
Masturbation - now there 's a dangerous concept .
It 's a sexual activity that serves no other purpose than pleasure .
Masturbation is also a path to sexual self - knowledge which is another scary thought .
In a recent letter , a 21 year - old college student who performs " Reclaiming Cunt " in the Vagina Monologues said she was sorry I no longer ran vagina workshops .
After having sex with three different men , she is still unable to have an orgasm and she does n't know where to start .
All three men asked her what she would like them to do , but since she 'd never masturbated , she could n't answer their question .
She goes on to say , " I always held onto the idea that my first orgasm would be given to me by someone else .
I guess it is all part of the love / sex / man of your dreams fantasy . "
Here is a perfect example of how standing on stage and screaming CUNT offers no practical healing .
As a clinical sexologist with over thirty years experience teaching adult women how to have orgasms , I 'm convinced that it is essential young girls receive detailed birth control information and support for exploring sexual self - gratification without shame or guilt .
Until they receive a positive sex education , young women will continue to be overly emotional , sexually passive and potential victims .
They are set up to fall for the all - pervasive romantic myth that finding the right man to love will magically solve all their sexual and financial problems .
This makes women and girls vulnerable to sexual manipulation and sows the seeds of sexual confusion and misery .
Too often the result is the absence of sexual fulfillment in America 's bedrooms .
Will V - Day executives and their corporate sponsors donate money to sexually educate our high school kids ?
American teens are currently being given the abstinence - only message supported by U.S. government funds .
They are being told that any sexual activity outside monogamous marriage will have harmful psychological and physical effects .
They are given false information about contraceptive failure and how it destroys romance and spontaneity .
Homosexuality is discussed only in the context of HIV / AIDS and they are told that abortion is morally wrong .
Masturbation as a logical and safe outlet is never mentioned .
This kind of censorship and repression are glaring causes of American sexual violence that we can do something about by not allowing religious concepts to pose as a valid form of sex information and education !
Change is never easy , but I continue to hold the image that someday we will embrace a global movement that supports sexual health and celebrates pleasure .
Supporters of the old puritan heritage will tremble when we take a stand for something so frivolous , so suspect , so dangerous as a person 's right to enjoy orgasms alone and with partners on their own terms .
Come on America .
Let 's confront our pleasure anxiety and give sexual pleasure a chance .
It 's never been tried before .
User Responses :
Betty dear :
OH GOD YES YES YES YES
I was so offended by V - Monologues that I left before it was over ... this was a couple years ago .
Then I bought the script to see if the actors were improvising , or she was really this awful .
I wrote a critical story about it for Salon , to no reaction .
Maybe I was n't mean enough .
It 's trying , because you keep thinking they 're well - intentioned .
But all that Bosnian - rape crap just made me so fucking MAD .
It was like " scratch a liberal , find a fascist " is how I saw it .
I think you and I are " hardcore feminists " .
I think these V - girls are liberal pantywaists .
If hardcore means fundamental , and radical , then hardcore feminism would mean that you questions the very nature of gender - defined attributes .
As long as liberal feminsits continue to demonize men by their nature ( bad boy ! ) and valorize women by theirs ( good girl ! ) they are not furthering the cause of women 's liberation .
Referring to women 's sexual center as their vagina , as you pointed out , is the original sexist Freudian fuck - up as far as " hardcore " feminsits are concerned !
I realize that calling myself a " feminist " at this point has become sort of a hippie girl indulgence from my teenage passion years , when I was first coming out as a feminist .
And who did I read then ?
YOU YOU YOU .
You were hardcore feminism as far as I was concerned .
I was , and still am , totally betrayed by N.O.W. , et al , selling feminism down the river , sexually , as well as in other ways .
I know I am totally isolated in this .
I think I 'm a communist too , and you can just imagine my utopian version of that !
But just food for thought ....
Suzie Bright
http://www.susiebright.com
That feminism is not yet out of the woods , despite the triumph in the 1990s of the pro-sex wing to which I belong , is shown by the garish visibility of Eve Ensler and her " Vagina Monologues , " which have apparently spawned copycat cells on many campuses .
( The students and faculty at my urban arts college are far too busy and sensible for this kind of thing . )
With her obsession with male evil and her claimed history of physical abuse and mental breakdowns , Ensler is the new Andrea Dworkin , minus Medusan hair and rumpled farm overalls .
Was n't one Dworkin quite enough ?
The perversion of feminism that Ensler represents -- turning Valentine 's Day , the one holiday celebrating romantic harmony between the sexes , into a grisly memento mori of violence against women -- has been well demonstrated by the ever - alert Christina Hoff Sommers , who gave early warning in her Feb. 11 article in the Wall Street Journal last year ( as well as in her campus lectures , media appearances and an article in the Feb. 8 USA Today ) .
That the psychological poison of Ensler 's archaic creed of victimization is being spread to impressionable women students is positively criminal .
The buffoonish hooting and hollering incited by Ensler 's supposedly naughty play is really the hysterical desperation of aging women who have never come to terms with the cruel realities of nature and who cannot face the humiliating fact that , despite their accomplishments , they will always be culturally swept away by the young and beautiful .
That in the year 2001 the group chanting of crude four - letter words for female genitalia is viewed as some sort of radical liberation implies that the real issue in the " Vagina Monologues " is n't male oppression but bourgeois repression -- the malady of the dainty , decorous professional class that was created in the first century after the Industrial Revolution .
Camila Paglia
Betty ,
We have n't touched base in a while , but after reading the rerun of your article in the Spectator this week criticizing V - Day , I wanted to toss a hello and check in with you .
Mostly , I wanted to send you love and profound thanks today because I think a helluva lot of us owe it to you , and I think you 're an absolute wonder .
I agree so strongly with everything you 've said and flatly , I 've never been a Vagina Monologue fan anyway -- a whole empowerment idea that starts with using the wrong word for the female genitalia rubs me the wrong way before one even gets to the deeper issues .
I hope that what we 're doing at Scarleteen.com with the young women there offers some of the direction you suggest and have always suggested .
As a Buddhist , I 'd theorize that some of why you see the easy switch - and - bait to sexual violence is the same reason I get nasty hate mail mixed in with the good .
We have the audacity to tell young women their bodies -- all by themselves -- are instruments of joy and pleasure .
I think most people are more scared of joy than of suffering .
More scared of happiness than of anger .
It stands to reason : joy has more power .
But that makes it scary , not less , which is sad .
But I digress , happy other V - day Betty , Happy Valentine 's Day .
The work I 've been doing for the last five or six years is work that I likely would never have gotten the chance to do if you had n't been paving the way .
Your work and who you are was always there for me to look at and not feel so lonely in talking about sex and sexual well - being as a joyful wonder , not clinical maneuver , not gender power play , not violence , not fluff , not drama .
Thanks for never ceasing to inspire .
Much love ,
Heather Corinna
scarletletters.com - scarleteen.com - femmerotic.com
Dear Dr. Dodson :
BRAVO !
Really enjoyed your article .
No surprise what Ms. Ensler and her legions of politicallycorrectoholics are doing to your work , though .
One does n't gain money and power by giving liberating information to individuals and telling them they 're free to use it at home , as they wish , for their pleasure .
Demagogues profit by making people feel angry , frustrated , victimized .
Then they tell their audience all about how they can be victorious , if only they contribute their money , their voices and their votes .
As for co-opting your work for the purpose , they 've been doing that since antiquity ; witness the misappropriation of the teachings of a poor carpenter 's son by one Saul of Tarsus ...
Fortunately , I 'm a very small and obscure fish , so the message I try to spread , handed down from a wise and enlightened teacher ( and MALE !
How quaint ! ) is safer than yours , at least for now .
I mother a group of women and a few men who give people a chance to enact their erotic fantasies and , in doing so , figure out that they wo n't go blind , get tarred and feathered or be forced to associate only with drooling mental defectives in back alleys .
At least , I do n't THINK I drool in back alleys ...
Keep up the good work .
We 'll tell our friends the magic word is " clitoris " -- but then , we already do !
Sincerely , Lorrett
Dear Dr. Dodson :
I read your article on V - Day and the Vagina Monologues with much interest .
It is precisely because the Vagina Monologues has included the blood bathing of the vagina through rape and abuse that it could never be called the Clitoral Monologues .
To allow the female body to have pleasure through her clit would be unimportant , frivolous and not worthy of a dramatic event .
I guess it does n't sell tickets , nor is it a higher cause .
Goddess forbid if a woman would declare victory , claim the body as her own and revel in the pleasure gained from it .
But no , we have to be poor pathetic creatures , beaten and raped before we are entitled to be heard and protected by the father figures of the world .
Are our voices only heard when we are crying ?
Is that all we expect of ourselves ?
Ca n't we empower ourselves with pride in our bodies and the places that it takes us , from the birthing room to the Supreme Court ?
Ca n't we just once view ourselves in a positive light , as sexual beings who can pleasure themselves as well as others .
Ca n't we be sexual and wise and intelligent and powerful ?
You are so right in feeling that masturbation is the very last taboo .
I have seen countless shows on rape , child abuse , incest and murder but never a one about a woman taking Mrs. Palmer and her five lovely daughters to the dance at the Quim .
Ain't it about time ?
Male bashing , now there 's a topic .
It 's everywhere ... television shows , plays , internet jokes , you name it .
Let me name one : a recent NYPD Blue television show .
One of the sub - stories had a small bald older guy whose penis was cut off during a sexual act performed by a homeless - type prostitute in a subway bathroom .
Well now , let 's just insult everyone -- consensual sex with nonconsensual cutting .
The police assign two beautiful female detectives to see him in the hospital ( how sensitive ) .
The fem - toughs arrive only to wink and snicker to each other during the interview and then go out to follow a lead about a ' thumb ' found nearby at an ATM .
Lots of comic relief when they decide it 's the recently detached penis ( " it does n't have a nail " ) with very little sense of emergency to get it back to the hospital for re-attachment .
When they do get it back , our guy decides that he wo n't re-attach it because he needs some measure of self - control for future potential sexual acts in public bathrooms .
What started with a guy wanting to jack off now becomes a comically condoned castration .
Guys , how do you stand it ?
Let 's substitute a nice juicy tit for the penis in this story .
The feminists would take to the streets .
Jane C , New York City
Betty --
Just read your piece about the Vagina Monologues , and I just wanted to let you know again how much I appreciate your pro-pleasure viewpoint and all the work you do .
You 're very brave to say what you do .
I still think Sex for One is the best single book on sex I 've ever read ( and I 've read plenty ) .
So please keep up the good work .
Thanks again , Betty .
David
Hi Betty ,
I recently saw the Vagina Monologues performed at my local state college .
I too had some problems with the show .
They referred to women 's genitals as their vagina , everything was called " vagina . "
Not a single picture or illustration of a vulva , or vagina was shown .
We did get to see blood stains project on the screen during a skit about menstruation though .
One skit presented the idea that any woman who shaved her pubic hair was a victim .
They made it sound as if no woman could possibly enjoy having a clean shaven vulva , shaving amounted to torture .
Another skit presented the story of a thirteen - year - old girl whose vagina had only been a source of pain up until that point , but then at thirteen a twenty - four year - old lesbian showed her the joys of having a vulva .
I wonder if they would have presented such a positive picture if it had been a twenty - four year old man ?
Interesting skit given the program benefited a local women 's safe house !
While the show was entertaining , it was definitely biased .
They also showed slides giving the number of assaults that occurred locally .
I would say there was a pro-lesbian bias .
Perhaps they are seeking out potential lesbian recruits to fight for their causes , from college campuses .
Sounds like the Army !
One skit did present the story of a woman who had discovered the joys of her vulva from a man , named Bob .
The men in the audience had been given name tags with Bob written on them .
I guess we are supposed to go out and show women the joys of having a vulva , not that they prepared us to do so .
Sincerely ,
Brad Fox
http://www.the-clitoris.com
( click play on bottom toolbar )
Vodpod videos no longer available .
more about " untitled " , posted with vodpod
PALIN FANS GO ROGUE
WATCH : SARAH BOOED AT BOOK TOUR EVENT
Unhappy fans of Sarah Palin went rogue on the Alaska Republican during her book tour stop in Noblesville , Indiana on Thursday .
Vodpod videos no longer available .
and what the hell is Andrea Mitchell up to in this shot … ?
Tea partiers turn on each other
After emerging out of nowhere over the summer as a seemingly potent and growing political force , the tea party movement has become embroiled in internal feuding over philosophy , strategy and money and is at risk of losing its momentum .
Read more :
Small Town To Liz Cheney : We Want Gitmo Detainees , Not Your Fearmongering
Officials in a small Michigan town featured in a new video about Guantanamo by Liz Cheney ’s national security group want her to know that they ’re not falling for her “ fearmongering ” — and tell us they want Gitmo detainees in their town .
Full story here : Plum Line
Palin ’s Exxon Valdez account draws guffaws
ANCHORAGE , Alaska – Sarah Palin ’s new memoir , “ Going Rogue , ” already has been strongly criticized by John McCain ’s aides for her account as a vice presidential candidate on the ticket with him in their unsuccessful 2008 race for the White House .
Now , add Alaskan experts who were involved in the case over the 1989 Exxon Valdez disaster saying her account over her role in the litigation is distorted for a number of reasons .
“ That is the most cockamamie bullshit , ” said Dave Oesting of Anchorage , lead plaintiff attorney in the private litigants ’ civil case against Exxon and its successor , Exxon Mobil Corp .
“ She did n’t have a damn thing to do with it , and she did n’t know what it was about . ”
full story :
From Comedy Central
Gaywatch – Peter Vadala & William Phillips
Peter Vadala is fired for saying homosexuality is “ bad stuff , ” and Mick Foley protects a 10 - year - old who supports gay rights .
Vodpod videos no longer available .
316,000 Bongs , Disguised As Christmas Ornaments , Seized
LOS ANGELES — Customs officials say they got a surprise when they found 316,000 glass bongs disguised as Christmas ornaments at the Los Angeles harbor .
More here :
John McCain Could Lose Senate Primary To Tea Party Supporter
PHOENIX , AZ — Rasmussen announced a new poll on Friday showing Senator John McCain may be in trouble at home where a polarized electorate has him facing constant criticism from both the left and the right .
More here :
Related :
Ice hockey has invaded the home of the Red Sox in preparation for the NHL's Winter Classic game , to be played Jan. 1 by the Boston Bruins and Philadelphia Flyers .
Do n't freak out or anything .
But all that time you spent building a DIY in - wall USB charger may have been for naught .
Of course , you 've gained a useful learning experience and potentially gotten a lesson in the dangers of electricity , but you could have simply ordered this TruPower UCS outlet from FastMac , which packs the same two USB charging ports as the DIY outlet , along with two standard power outlets for your other power - hungry devices .
Best of all , it only costs the same ten bucks that the DIY option would have set you back , but it looks like it wo n't start shipping until sometime early next year .
Avatar may be hurt by the curse of expectation , and it's hard to keep the message that MOVIE MAKING HAS BEEN CHANGED FOREVER out of your mind once your butt is actually in a seat in front of the thing .
The trailers keep telling us how nothing will ever be the same again , and we know the budget of the movie was anywhere from $ 200 million to $ 500 million , depending on what report you 're reading .
Who knows how much R&D Cameron put into the technology behind the movie .
Even the credits of the film are monstrous : after Industrial Light and Magic and Weta Digital were credited for the special effects , the long line of other effects houses that worked on the movie scrolled by .
I lost count of how many different companies leveraged how many different forms of technology to get Avatar filmed .
If you 're a fan of cinema , no matter how you feel about the trailer , you need to see this movie ; it represents the absolute best that technology can give us in film — at least with an unlimited budget and a small city of geniuses working across a decade to bring it to life .
Does it have a heart ?
The humans are on a moon called Pandora to mine a substance known as " Unobtanium , " and it 's hard to tell if the movie is winking at us by naming the rock thusly .
We never know what it is , and what we 're not told what it does .
We get dropped hints that Earth itself is dying , or is at least completely industrial .
Pandora is the exact opposite : lush , brightly colored , and exploding with life .
The moon is inhabited by large , blue - skinned life forms called the " Na'vi , " and they 're every idealized form of Native American ever put onto film .
They 're in tune with nature , live in trees , and thank the spirits of the animals they kill for giving their life .
They do n't like us , even though the humans have created schools to teach them English .
We offer medicine and knowledge , and they do n't care .
One character notes that it's hard to strike a deal with a race that is n't interested in light beer and blue jeans .
To that end , the Avatar project is launched .
We grow Na'vi bodies with human DNA , and using remote technology , humans " drive " the bodies by entering coffin - like chambers .
The science behind this process is thankfully loosely explained ; any attempt to throw buzzwords at it would have been silly .
The Avatar project allows us to look like them , we can gain their trust , and then ... well , we 're going to get what we want .
Jake Sully is entered into this Avatar program by an odd twist of fate , and this gives the movie an excuse to send someone who has n't been trained about life on Pandora into harm 's way .
That way the characters can explain everything to him , and , of course , to the audience .
He 's a marine , disabled , and he 's promised that if he does what his superiors want , he 'll be given his legs back .
The operation exists , he just can't afford it .
The man making this promise has a scar on this face , so you know he 's evil .
In fact , these characters fall into rather broad archetypes , and any growth they exhibit is heavily foreshadowed .
You 'll see echoes of characters from past Cameron films , and his distrust of the military - industrial complex is out in full force .
The movie is given a much - needed shot of warmth from Sigourney Weaver , who is able to bring a quiet resolve and respect to her character .
The movie hits every expected beat in this story , and it's one that has been told before .
This is Dances with Wolves .
This is FernGully .
This is the Last Samurai .
You can plot out the arc of the story long before you watch the film , and several times during my viewing I wanted to stop time ?
la Zach Morris and ask other members of the audience what was going to happen next .
I had a feeling they would all be able to give the correct answer .
The dialog can get incredibly obvious , even tedious in places .
That said ...
I can't wait to see the movie again .
I hit up the local 3D , IMAX screen , and the first scene let me know that I was going to see something special .
You do n't go fifteen minutes between amazing reveals of animals , set pieces , characters , or technology .
The scale is ridiculous .
The 3D effects are used to great effect , and never feel cheesy or tacked on .
There were moments I wanted to pump my first in the air .
There were vistas that took my breath away .
This is a gut - wrenchingly beautiful film , and it can feel over - analyzed — what would n't with this amount of work being put into it — but it 's above all an amazing piece of wizardry .
There is one particular scene where the action slows down to show how a character got out of a jam , and my mind told me , " Oh , I can tell that we switched over to CGI . "
The problem is that the entire scene was comprised of impossible animals and a blue - skinned alien ; there had been nothing " real " onscreen in quite some time .
Objects interact with one another with actual weight , and the internal scenes with human actors are blended with the epic scale of Pandora well .
The alien atmosphere is pressing on every wall .
The Na'vi , likewise , are brought to life with skill and grace .
After a few minutes you 'll be taking what you 're seeing for granted .
While the oversaturation of the colors of the flora and fauna can sometimes make scenes feel like a black - light poster , overall these are the most special of effects , the kind that know how to get out of their own way to serve the visuals .
The PG - 13 rating allows for a decent amount of violence and salty language , but a major misstep is keeping the Na'vi ambiguously nude .
There is always a bit of hair or a strand of beads placed strategically .
An actual flash of nipple — or whatever organs the Na'vi have — would have been less distracting .
The story may be trite , but the way it 's told that redeems the entire endeavor .
The Na'vi speak a fictional language , but this is no Lord of the Rings .
If anything , this is a reversal of James Cameron 's Aliens , another film that explored a high - tech battle between humans and a race that could stage guerilla war .
Aliens is a sci - fi take on Vietnam , but this time we 're rooting for the other team , and we find ourselves praying that somehow the bows and arrows will be enough against drop ships and mechs .
Verdict :
Go see it
44
Are you bored of having same regular Christmas tree every year ?
Try something new and unusual ...
Like thesestrange and little bizarre Christmas trees :
This last one is the mother of all weird Christmas trees : a gigantic 7 - story " tree " made from 350 regular - sized artificial trees !
Approximately 70 staffers of Yilong Media company of China constructed a steel framing and then stacked this pyramid of Christmas trees .
It was supposed to be about Apple Inc. 's dazzling new products .
Instead , the company ’s press conference on Wednesday was about the man .
Grinning like a kid in a toy store , Chief Executive Steve Jobs stole the spotlight with his first official public appearance in nearly a year .
He received a liver transplant about five months ago and returned to work part time in late June .
Hundreds greeted Jobs ’ surprise attendance at Apple ’s product unveiling event , held at San Francisco ’s Yerba Buena Center for the Arts , with a standing ovation .
“ I have the liver of a twentysomething person who died in a car crash and who was generous enough to donate their organs , ” said Jobs , 54 , who appeared markedly thin and spoke in a scratchy voice .
“ I would n’t be here without such generosity , so I hope all of us can be as generous and elect to be organ donors . ”
Advertisement
The intense focus on Jobs ’ health underscores his importance to the Cupertino , Calif. , technology company that he co-founded in 1976 with Steve Wozniak .
Jobs departed from Apple in 1985 , ousted by then - CEO John Sculley , but returned in 1997 to help the ailing company return to profitability .
But in 2004 , Jobs announced he had pancreatic cancer .
Then , on Jan. 5 of this year , Jobs said in a statement that he had a “ hormone imbalance ” whose remedy would be “ relatively simple and straightforward . ”
On Jan. 14 , Jobs said that his health issues were “ more complex than I originally thought ” and that he would take a five - month medical leave .
Apple ’s shares tumbled after his announcement .
Days later , the Securities and Exchange Commission started an inquiry into whether Apple appropriately disclosed the nature of his illness .
The SEC has not commented on the probe .
Advertisement
Jobs ’ return to the public eye signaled that the company ’s chief impresario was back in charge .
“ It was a little moving for many of us , ” said Tom Conrad , chief technology officer for Pandora Media Inc. , an Internet radio company that makes one of the most popular applications for Apple ’s iPhone .
“ He certainly has played a critical role in designing the future , and to see him back talking about products is good for the industry . ”
Jobs , filling his familiar role as master of ceremonies , unveiled several updates to the lineup of iPods , a product that helped cement Apple ’s place among the decade ’s most influential technology companies .
Since launching the digital music player in October 2001 , Apple has sold more than 220 million iPods , compared with roughly 180 million Walkman players ever sold by Sony Corp. , according to Daniel Ernst , an analyst with Hudson Square Research .
Advertisement
But iPod sales have slowed in recent months as consumers opted instead for the iPhone , which has many of the same functions in addition to being a mobile phone .
Last quarter , sales of the iPod declined 7 % from the same period a year earlier .
“ This is one of his babies , ” said Tim Bajarin , a longtime Silicon Valley technology analyst who also attended the presentation in 2001 when Jobs introduced the first iPod .
“ He ’s saying that iPods are still important . ”
Aiming squarely at the pocket - size video recorder market dominated by Cisco Systems Inc. 's Flip camcorders , Jobs announced that the new iPod Nano would sport a video camera , FM radio tuner , pedometer and 8 gigabytes of memory .
Apple also lowered the price of its entry - level iPod Touch , with Jobs highlighting the device as an alternative to Sony ’s PlayStation Portable and Nintendo Co. 's DS lines of handheld game consoles .
“ It was all incremental improvements , ” Ernst said .
“ But those subtle changes keep the company leaps and bounds ahead of the competition . ”
Advertisement
Despite the rock ‘ n ’ roll theme of the event -- which featured pop star Norah Jones onstage singing two songs --
Apple disappointed legions of Beatles fans who had hoped the company would at long last put the Fab Four ’s music on the iTunes store .
Jobs never spent more than 15 minutes onstage at a time , handing over most of the details of the product launches to Philip Schiller , Apple ’s senior vice president of worldwide product marketing , and Jeff Robbin , Apple ’s vice president for consumer applications and a key figure in iTunes .
Bart Decrem , founder of iPhone game - maker Tapulous Inc. , said Jobs ’ return was “ a special moment .
It was touching .
And it ’s great to have the guy in the pilot ’s seat . ”
Still , Apple ’s stock , which swelled during the weeks leading up to Wednesday ’s event , fell $ 1.79 , or 1 % , to close at $ 171.14 .
Advertisement
Another measure of Jobs ’ influence is in furthering the cause of liver transplants .
At the press conference , the charismatic executive issued a call for people to consider donating their livers .
“ There has certainly been more interest , an increased curiosity about what causes liver diseases in the past 90 days , ” said Rick Smith , chief executive of the American Liver Foundation in New York , who said his organization has seen an uptick in calls and attendance at the group ’s Liver Life Walk events throughout the country .
“ I think that Steve Jobs has at least temporarily heightened awareness of liver disease in this country , ” Smith said .
“ Americans are now more curious about what causes liver diseases and what they can do to help .
That ’s a positive thing . ”
--
Advertisement
danfost@gmail.com
alex.pham@latimes.com
Much of the focus on the results of last month ’s New York City elections was on Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg ’s small victory margin , despite the more than $ 102 million he spent to secure a third term .
But the elections also produced a seismic political shift that so far has gone largely unnoticed : Black , Hispanic and Asian residents made up a majority of voters in a citywide race for the first time .
That turnout is a milestone in a city where minority groups make up both a majority of the population and a majority of those eligible to vote .
The transformation of the electorate also signals the growing political importance of the city ’s diverse tapestry and the challenges that citywide candidates will face as they strive to stitch together successful voting blocs .
“ Legal immigrants are exploding in population and are increasingly registering ” once they become citizens “ and are now voting , ” said Bruce N. Gyory , a political consultant .
“ All the room for growth in the electorate is amongst Hispanic , Asian , biracial and black New Yorkers . ”
The new benchmark has helped minority candidates win prominent offices in larger numbers .
Since 2000 , William C. Thompson Jr. has been elected the city ’s first black comptroller , Helen M. Marshall has been elected the first black borough president of Queens , and John C. Liu , elected last month to succeed Mr. Thompson , has become the first Asian - American to win citywide office .
“ You ’ll see even more diverse candidates in the future , ” Mr. Thompson said in an interview last week .
Man from Minas Gerais has posted names of 300 supposed cuckolds on popular social networking site Orkut
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Brazilian police are hunting for a mysterious blogger who claims to be waging a lone crusade against unfaithful wives .
So far the elusive blogger , from the small rural town of Lagoa da Prata in Minas Gerais state , has posted the names of 300 supposed cuckolds on the popular social networking site Orkut .
The list has caused consternation in this normally tranquil town .
Several other copycat lists – entitled " The cuckolds of Lagoa da Prata " – have also emerged .
" This is not a very nice joke – for people to say that your boyfriend or your husband is a cuckold , " saleswoman Juliana Oliveira , whose boyfriend 's name was on one list , told local television network MGTV .
" I do n't really know what to say to people . "
Several victims have spoken out to reject the accusations .
" My wife is a Catholic and a worker , " insisted one unnamed male victim .
" I have never had cause to doubt her . "
Not all relationships have emerged unscathed since the emergence of what local people ominously refer to as " The List " .
" They put his name and his nickname [ on the list ] , " one woman told TV Alterosa on condition of anonymity .
" We fought ... [ and ] we nearly separated . "
" The military police are advising people to stay calm , " said Lieutenant Marcondes Couto , from Lagoa da Prata 's police force .
" We are investigating and we will catch this criminal .
Justice will be done . "
Civil police in Lagoa da Prata , a former goldmining town located about 120 miles from the state capital , Belo Horizonte , said that they had questioned one suspect this week after he was caught on camera leaving a copy of " The List " in a local bank .
A study in 2004 by a leading Brazilian psychiatrist claimed that Minas Gerais state had one of the country 's highest rates of infidelity among women .
Nearly 30 % of the women interviewed admitted to having had an " extra " relationship .
" Do n't get so upset , " one newspaper reader wrote of the Lagoa da Prata cuckolds .
" Everybody will be a cuckold one day . "
America 's infrastructure is crumbling , literally .
In 2008 , the collapse of the I35W Mississippi River Bridge during Minneapolis rush hour traffic cost 13 lives and injured 145 .
It brought the condition of the nation 's infrastructure , an unsexy topic , to the media spotlight .
A failing infrastructure cannot support the nation 's economy indefinitely .
Yet while there has been plenty of attention paid to infrastructure , the Obama administration has given it short shrift , instead pouring money into other , short - term things .
The American Society of Civil Engineers releases a report card of the nation 's infrastructure every four years .
Their most recent , released in 2009 , reveals 15 weak points that need a mind - boggling $ 2.2 trillion over the next five years to be fixed .
THE nation was shocked last night at the manner in which TV3 News disclosed that Finance Minister Brian Lenihan was suffering from a serious illness .
Senior government sources spoke of " outrage " across the political spectrum at the insensitive content and tone of a news bulletin broadcast at 5.30 pm yesterday , which the station had earlier in the day flagged as a " news story of national importance " .
A senior government source said : " TV3 was a total disgrace , at one stage speaking of the minister in the past tense .
That was the most disgraceful broadcast I have ever heard . "
The station 's political editor Ursula Halligan reported : " It 's shocking news for members of the public .
Brian Lenihan was ... eh , is regarded as one of the more popular members of the Government . "
A spokesman for the Department of Finance last night felt obliged to issue a statement on the health of Mr Lenihan as a result of mounting speculation throughout the day that he is seriously ill .
Several of Mr Lenihan 's Cabinet colleagues did not want to publicly comment on the manner in which TV3 News handled the report because , they said , the Finance Minister had not yet publicly confirmed the nature of his illness , reported by TV3 to be pancreatic cancer .
Andrew Hanlon , TV3 Director of News , last night defended the broadcast .
" We held it for two days to enable him to inform his family , " he said .
Asked about the broadcast last night , former minister , Mary O'Rourke , an aunt of Mr Lenihan , was too upset to comment immediately after the broadcast .
It was left to opposition TDs , Mr Lenihan 's constituency colleagues , Labour Finance spokeswoman Joan Burton and Fine Gael Enterprise spokesman Leo Varadkar , a medical doctor , to reflect the growing anger .
Mr Varadkar said he thought it was " absolutely inappropriate " for TV3 to broadcast details of Mr Lenihan 's condition , particularly when the Finance Minister had only received the initial diagnosis in the past few days .
Mr Varadkar said : " I had heard about this last week , but I was n't sure if it was true .
I do n't think it was right for this to be aired on the news .
" I think Mr Lenihan should have been given the opportunity of at least a couple of weeks to digest the news with his family before deciding whether or not he wanted to make a statement . "
Ms Burton also expressed her anger at TV3's decision : " I think it 's a terrible intrusion into Brian and his family 's privacy and especially at Christmas .
The man has young , teenage children .
" It 's certainly not a departure in the media that I would welcome .
I 'm really shocked that a story like that could be broadcast at Christmas .
I just want to wish Brian well . "
John McCormack , CEO of the Irish Cancer Society , said that the correct course of action was to give the Lenihan family space , especially as the family themselves had made no public announcement .
Last night there was mounting anger that the news was broken on St Stephen 's Day while the minister was on holiday with his family .
It is understood that not all of Mr Lenihan 's family and friends were aware that he was so ill .
The insensitivity of which TV3 is being accused was exacerbated , according to government sources , by the broadcast of comments by consultant oncologist , Professor John Crown , which implied a poor prognosis for Mr Lenihan .
TV3 had earlier contacted all newspapers in Dublin in what government sources regarded as an attempt to gain maximum attention for the bulletin .
Behind the scenes , serious pressure was yesterday brought to bear on TV3 not to disclose the nature of Mr Lenihan 's illness before the minister had decided to make a personal statement .
Last night Mr Hanlon sought to defend the station 's handling of the report .
He said : " TV3 has handled the matter with sensitivity and compassion .
We had the story on Christmas Eve and we decided to hold it for two days to enable him to inform members of his family .
" We believe this to be a story of national importance .
He is the most important minister in the Government at the moment , " he said .
Mr Hanlon also denied that TV3's interview with Prof Crown was inappropriate , claiming Prof Crown was not talking about Mr Lenihan but about pancreatic cancer in general .
The sweeping rumours about the health of the minister led Mr Lenihan 's spokesperson to state : " We are not commenting on the rumours except to say the minister is well and enjoying the Christmas break with his family and does not propose talking to the media about anything until the new year . "
However , the Sunday Independent understands that , following treatment in hospital earlier this month , Mr Lenihan is now facing a significant " health challenge " in the new year .
It is understood that the 50 - year - old minister , who has bravely contended with a difficult 20 months in office , has received a diagnosis within the past three to four days and will undergo further tests , as well as treatment , early in the New Year .
A deeply private man , Mr Lenihan did not wish for details of his illness to be revealed in the lead up to what was , by widespread agreement , the most difficult Budget in living memory -- the Finance Minister 's third Budget in just 20 months .
The last six months have , perhaps , been the most stressful in the tenure of any finance minister in the history of the State .
Mr Lenihan has had to contend with the virtual collapse of the banking sector , culminating recently with the passage of legislation giving effect to Nama , the State 's bad bank , the design of which was overseen by the minister to help restore financial viability to Ireland 's banks .
He was also to the fore in facing down the militant trade union movement in the days and , indeed , hours leading to his Budget earlier this month .
His performance as minister has attracted widespread praise from his admirers , and indeed from his political opponents , who have singled out Mr Lenihan as one of the most impressive performers in Irish politics .
He is now regularly referred to as a potential future leader of Fianna Fail and the Government .
Mr Lenihan has been under unremitting stress in recent months , an image which was starkly highlighted by the economist and journalist , David McWilliams , who , in his recent book , painted a picture of the minister as a man under severe pressure , memorably chewing on cloves of garlic , to help keep him alert -- but also known for its widespread health benefits .
Last night , sources close to the minister were anxious to downplay the significance of his health difficulties , but he was said to be " very positive " and of the belief that he had faced bigger challenges in the past and had overcome them .
However , the past few weeks have been a very worrying time for Mr Lenihan , his wife , Circuit Court Judge Patricia and their two children .
Original indications that Mr Lenihan went into hospital for a routine hernia operation now appear to have been designed to play down the significance of the health issues that the minister is facing .
Mr Lenihan admitted himself to the Mater Private Hospital on December 16 for treatment on what was officially described as a " hernia problem " .
He was forced to miss the Dail vote on the public sector pay cuts , which was passed 80 votes to 69 .
The previous evening , he had attended the Oireachtas Finance Committee Christmas dinner at Fire Restaurant in the Mansion House in Dublin .
He was described as being in " good form " and he left relatively early .
It is believed that the minister pulled out of a number of agreed engagements in the run up to Christmas and this led to a rumour in Dublin financial circles about the state of his health .
While Mr Lenihan was diagnosed in the last few days , he spent Christmas with his family , but will return to hospital for treatment early in the new year .
Friends say that Mr Lenihan is " positive " and " not unduly worried " .
Sunday Independent
InfoQ Homepage Presentations JRuby , Duby , and Surinx : Building a Better Ruby
JRuby , Duby , and Surinx : Building a Better Ruby
Like Bookmarks
View Presentation Vertical
Horizontal
Full
Speed : 1x
1.25x
1.5x
2x
Download MP3 27:46
Summary
In this presentation , Charles Nutter discusses JRuby , invokedynamic , JRuby performance , Duby , the motivation behind creating Duby , Duby syntax , future plans for Duby , Surinx , the motivation behind creating Surinx , and how Duby and Surinx are helping JRuby .
Bio Charles Oliver Nutter is a JRuby developer and JVM advocate , working to further language development on the Java platform .
Charles has also experimented with designs for other Ruby - like languages that scratch itches standard Ruby does not .
Charles blogs at blog.headius.com .
About the conference
The 2009 JVM Language Summit is an open technical collaboration among language designers , compiler writers , tool builders , runtime engineers , and VM architects .
The talks inform the audience , in detail , about the state of the art of language design and implementation on the JVM , and the present and future capabilities of the JVM itself .
Since World War II , Russian scientists have been researching ways to bend the weather to their liking .
Today , they routinely ensure sun-splashed Victory Day celebrations by chasing away clouds using a technology known as cloud seeding ( the same technology the Chinese government used to chase away clouds during the Beijing summer Olympics ) .
It 's nice to have sunny parades , but Moscow officials believe they can use their technology to alter the weather and save some rubles , according to the Los Angeles Times :
Now they 're poised to battle the most inevitable and emblematic force of Russian winter : the snow .
Moscow 's government , led by powerful and long - reigning Mayor Yuri Luzhkov , has indicated that clearing the capital 's streets of snow is simply too expensive .
Instead , officials are weighing a plan to seed the clouds with liquid nitrogen or dry ice to keep heavy snow from falling inside the city limits .
Luzhkov says the city can save more than $ 13 million with cloud seeding .
No snow means no snow plows and no workers driving the plows .
Moscow officials say they are in deep discussion to move their plan forward .
Of course , some scientists are skeptical since the environmental effects of the snow - ban plan are largely unstudied .
People that live in surrounding towns are raising their hands to ask questions as well , since many believe they will receive the brunt of the displaced snowfall .
Aside from the unknowns , the cloud seeding technology can be physically dangerous .
In the past clouds were seeded with cement that is dropped from an aircraft to dissolve the clouds .
However , in at least one instance things did n't go as planned and a clump of cement crashed through the roof of house on the outskirts of Moscow .
Related Content : Discoblog : Hugo Chavez : “ Any Cloud That Crosses Me , I ’ll Zap It So That It Rains ” Discoblog : Weird Tube - Shaped Clouds Floating Above Australia DISCOVER : Harnessing the Weather
Image : flickr / SergeyRod
Disclaimer :
This post will detail a legal complaint .
Please note that a complaint is just one side ’s view of events .
I will describe some of the allegations below , but I am not saying any of them are true .
I am simply relaying M - 1 and Fedor ’s claims .
On October 28 , 2009 , M - 1 and Fedor Emelianenko filed a lawsuit against Affliction Clothing , Affliction Entertainment , and 50 unnamed John Does in the Central District of California .
The complaint states claims for breach of contract , breach of the violation of good faith and fair dealing , and declaratory relief .
If they are able to join other parties , the complaint might be amended to include claims for tortuous interference with contract and related claims .
There are likely many targets among the unnamed John Does , but the UFC has to be considered the central target based on language of the complaint .
After reading the complaint , it seems possible that M - 1 believes the UFC was somehow involved in the cancellation of Affliction ’s third show .
The complaint alleges that Strikeforce , Affliction , and M - 1 reached an agreement with M - 1 to allow Brett Rogers to fight Fedor Emelianenko at Affliction : Trilogy , but unbeknownst to Fedor and M - 1 , Affliction was simultaneously working on a renewed sponsorship deal with the UFC that would necessarily force Affliction out of the MMA promoting business .
In short , the complaint alleges that Affliction was putting up a false front about searching for a replacement for Josh Barnett , and was simply buying time while they were trying to make a deal with the UFC .
The complaint alleges that Affliction kept these negotiations secret in an attempt to fool M - 1 into believing they were looking for a replacement , and did not inform M - 1 of its ongoing negotiations and new deal until July 24 , 2009 , at which point Fedor and his party of 30 had already boarded a flight from Russia to the United States .
The complaint alleges that the deal to allow Brett Rogers to fight Fedor Emelianenko on Affliction : Trilogy was completed the day before the show was cancelled , and alleges that Affliction was simultaneously pursuing two incompatible options : if the UFC deal closed they would cancel the show , and if it did n’t they would promote Brett Rogers vs. Fedor Emelianenko .
The complaint alleges that after conducting full discovery , M - 1 and Fedor will amend the complaint to add “ additional allegations , causes of action , and parties . ”
The complaint alleges that in the run-up to Affliction : Trilogy M - 1 began working on international deals to broadcast the show in Mexico , Central America , the Caribbean , South America , Eastern Europe , the United Kingdom , Australia , and elsewhere .
The complaint details all of the deals M - 1 entered into at length .
The complaint alleges Affliction was well aware this was going on all along and consented to it by not objecting .
Because Affliction was supposedly aware of all of this , M - 1 argues Affliction knew it would force M - 1 to breach its contract with all of its international partners if it cancelled a show .
The complaint alleges that Todd Beard admitted to M - 1 that Affliction could not and would not promote internationally , and agreed to allow M - 1 to pursue all such opportunities with Affliction content .
The change was not put into writing .
This issue of modification appears to be a major issue of contention based on the complaint .
Affliction will try to argue that M - 1 changed the contract by pursuing rights not originally granted to it .
If the court does not find that the contract was modified , Affliction cannot be held responsible for breach because M - 1 went all over the world and did a number of international deals on their own .
In addition to the central claims described above , the complaint contains a lot of interesting information .
The complaint alleges that in addition to the $ 300,000 fight purse , Emelianenko was paid an undisclosed sum that is not quantified in the complaint .
The complaint also alleges that Affliction and M - 1 Global entered into a “ consulting agreement ” in which Affliction paid M - 1 a “ substantial sum ” in return for general consultant services .
The complaint alleges that Affliction and M - 1 entered into an agreement in 2008 under which M - 1 promised to produce a number of one - hour television episodes of “ M - 1 Challenge ” and Affliction agreed to sponsor a number of the fighters .
The terms of the deal are not disclosed .
The complaint alleges that M - 1 agreed to give Affliction promotional advantages relating to M - 1 challenge including but not limited to use of the Affliction logo in marketing .
In exchange for these promotional rights , Affliction agreed to pay M - 1 a “ substantial sum ” that is not mentioned in the complaint .
Mark Hines , who is the lawyer representing M - 1 , also represented Silver Star against Affliction and Todd Beard in a state case earlier this year .
It is also worth noting that the complaint does not list Donald Trump or any of his entities as owners of Affliction Entertainment .
Todd Beard is also still listed as an owner of Affliction and Affliction Entertainment in the complaint , which is contrary to prior public statements .
The big story to look at going forward is whether the UFC is eventually added as one of the Doe defendants in the complaint .
The language of the complaint suggests that M - 1 believes the UFC was involved in a conspiracy to convince Affliction to breach its contractual obligation to put on a third show .
Amid all of the uncertainties about how healthcare legislation would affect each American , one thing is clear :
The more affluent would pay higher taxes .
Embracing the progressive -- and sometimes politically risky -- principle that the cost of carrying out public policies should fall to the well - off more than the disadvantaged , both the House and Senate bills would place new taxes on the wealthy to help pay for expanded insurance coverage .
But the bills differ on who counts as rich and how much they would pay .
Under the House bill , couples with more than $ 1 million in income would pay an additional surtax of as much as 5.4 % .
The Senate bill would hit families of more modest wealth -- those making more than $ 250,000 -- with a payroll tax hike of 0.5 % .
The fact that both bills include tax increases marks a striking shift in Democrats ’ political calculus .
Not many years ago , when the party sought to shed its liberal reputation , Democrats treated any tax increase as political dynamite .
Now , however , concern about the deficit is mounting and party members are less fearful of taxing the wealthy , said Sen. John D. Rockefeller IV ( D - W.Va. ) , a multimillionaire who also would favor means - testing for Medicare premiums .
“ It ’s not a complicated idea , ” he said .
In a recent Associated Press poll , 57 % of those surveyed favored taxing people who earn more than $ 250,000 a year to pay for the healthcare overhaul .
Of a variety of financing options tested in the survey , that tax was the only idea supported by a majority .
“ Taxing the rich works because they ’ve got the money , ” said Roberton Williams , a senior fellow at the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center .
But , he warned , “ you ca n’t go to that well over and over again . ”
Many other provisions of the two healthcare bills would affect families ’ pocketbooks , for better and worse .
For example , people who have very generous insurance plans would probably face higher costs or reduced benefits under the Senate plan .
It would tax insurance companies that offer such plans , and the cost probably would be passed on to workers .
The proposed tax increases offer a target for Republicans who say the healthcare overhaul burnishes Democrats ’ reputation as a party of tax - and - spend liberals .
“ The voters spoke loud and clear at the ballot box earlier this month -- they are sick and tired of all the reckless spending and big - government interference coming out of Washington , ” Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele said , referring to some high - profile Democratic losses in the off - year elections .
“ Harry Reid ’s bill is exactly what the voters do n’t want , and Senate Democrats who let this bill even come up for debate will pay a price on election day next year , ” he said .
Sen . Judd Gregg of New Hampshire , the budget committee ’s ranking Republican , predicted that the bill ’s tax proposals would not be approved , so the cost of the legislation would instead be added to the deficit .
“ It ’s just not going to happen , ” he said of the tax hikes .
When President Obama proposed his healthcare plan early this year , he said he would insist that it not add to the deficit , promising to offset new spending with tax hikes or spending cuts in other areas .
His principal proposal to pay for the initiative was a limit on the deductions that upper - income taxpayers could take , including the home mortgage interest and charitable donation deductions .
That proposal met with stiff opposition from two powerful lobbies in Washington : home builders and charities .
That sent Democrats searching for other sources of revenues .
The House bill would raise $ 460 billion over 10 years with its 5.4 % surtax on income in excess of $ 500,000 a year for individuals , or $ 1 million for a couple , beginning in 2011 .
According to an analysis by the Joint Tax Committee , the tax would affect about 0.3 % of all households , some 445,000 filers .
The Senate bill would increase the Medicare payroll tax on wages of couples who make more than $ 250,000 , and individuals with more than $ 200,000 in wage income .
In 2013 , the rate would rise from the present 1.45 % to 1.95 % .
The increase would affect an estimated 1.3 % of all tax filers , according to a Senate aide .
It would raise an estimated $ 54 billion in revenue over 10 years .
The Senate approach is less progressive than the House bill because the payroll tax applies only to wage income -- not to dividends , capital gains and other non-wage income that usually fattens the wallets of wealthier people .
Although both bills would raise revenues from a very narrow slice of the population , many analysts and lawmakers worry that neither tax increase would advance one of the principal goals of the health overhaul : slowing the growth of healthcare spending .
That is why the Senate bill also includes the 40 % excise tax on companies that offer high - end insurance plans -- those that cost $ 8,500 in annual premiums for individuals and $ 23,000 for families .
Proponents argue that would not just raise revenues but also curb costs by discouraging companies from offering expensive plans .
It is not clear how many people will be affected by that tax , but critics warned it would not hit just luxury plans , but also those for middle - class workers whose premium costs are high because they live in high - cost states .
A recent study by the Commonwealth Fund projected that the average premium for family coverage in 2015 would be nearly $ 20,000 in high - cost states .
To address those concerns , the Senate bill sets the threshold $ 3,000 above that for certain states and for plans that cover workers in high - risk professions .
Richard Trumka , president of the AFL - CIO , said that was a step in the right direction , but that labor would seek to kill the provision .
“ We continue to believe that a tax on working families ’ benefits is the wrong way to finance healthcare , ” he said .
janet.hook@latimes.com
A modern art form has breathed a new life into the Sunshine Coast ’s digital marketing world .
It ’s called graphic design .
The advertisement profile of every business in the Sunshine Coast implementing the graphic design has become stylish , sleek , and very contemporary .
Influencing the decision - making process of customers concerning products , services , and brands are achieved with the use of graphic design .
Graphic design was a non-entity in times past with many businesses and entrepreneurs .
It is only today that graphic design has become integrated into almost all businesses .
The concept of graphic design integrated with any business in the Sunshine Coast also shows the important role played by graphic designers , Sunshine Coast .
Define Graphic Design
Communicating messages or ideas visually is the simple explanation of the graphic design .
Any complex idea or information is better understood by digital audiences through the help of graphic design .
Importance of Graphic Designers in Digital Marketing
A business that reflects the importance of its brand , products , and services is achieved with the use of graphic design .
Putting the business ’s best foot forward is essentially the function of graphic design .
This shows the important role played by graphic designers in creating the appropriate digital marketing tool suited for a business .
Establish the unique identity of your business
Setting a different or unique style and tone of your business from the rest of the competition holds the key to its success .
Hiring the services of a good graphic designer achieves the goal of establishing your brand , identity , and products with online customers .
A good graphic designer can quickly build brand familiarity that provides you an edge above the crowd .
Visuals communicate better than words
Visuals worth more than a thousand words aptly describe the graphic design .
A first , but , a lasting impression is built with potential customers with the creation of great visuals from a good graphic designer .
The attraction of pictures or visuals always comes first before words .
The combination of amazing graphic artwork and words put across a powerful message like no other .
A good graphic designer does n’t even need to attach a tagline when the created logo speaks for itself .
The Apple logo is the best example of a powerful image that does n’t need words .
Boosted sales
Human beings are always attracted to visuals .
The collection of unique and rare artefacts and things attests to this .
A good graphic designer will , through high - quality visuals and designs , always catch the attention of digital users .
This attraction can effectively make people purchase a product or service .
An impressive juxtaposition of visuals created by a reputable graphic designer on a business website always wins hands down when it comes to consumer interest .
Convey the message of your brand
The effective way of conveying the message of your brand is one of the important roles played by graphic designers .
Visuals ranging from illustrations , reports , and chart offerings of your brand or company are better communicated with the help of a good graphic designer .
Overcome the language barrier
The language barrier can hinder rather than help promote a brand or product of a business .
However , images and themes are things understood by people around the world .
A great visual or image aid created by a graphic designer instantly appeals to a larger and multilingual audience .
Graphic design and graphic designers are the essential tools needed by a business to reach the next level in digital marketing .
Make it all happen in your business by contacting us at Blizzard Graphic Design Sunshine Coast .
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
Tony Blair has complained that the British are the only people in the world who do not appreciate him .
The former Prime Minister spends three out of four weeks travelling abroad .
This was because people outside the UK could accept it was possible to get rich as well as do good works , he said in an interview .
Mr Blair said : " It 's not true nobody likes me !
Reading the papers in Britain , you 'd think I 'd lost three elections rather than won them .
" There is a completely different atmosphere around me outside the country .
People accept the work that you are doing , as it is .
" They do n't see anything wrong with being successful financially and doing good work .
If I did what these people who criticise me here wanted , I 'd end up sitting in a corner .
But that is never going to be me . "
Mr Blair now combines lucrative speeches and business advice with working in the Middle East and promoting religion .
He said he was relieved not to have got the job as President of Europe .
" I love my new life as it is , " he told the Sunday Times
The interview comes before Mr Blair 's appearance at the Chilcott Inquiry into the Iraq war , where he is expected to be bitterly criticised .
UNCENSORED COMMENT : How can a vaccine possibly work against a rapidly mutat ing vi rus ?
VACCINES DON’T EVEN WORK AGAINST STABLE VIRUSES .
This is NOT about safety or even efficacy .
This is about global genocide .
Monday , 22 June 2009
Scientists from Russia ’s Ministry of Health are warning in a secret report to Prime Minister Putin that they have discovered a ‘ critical link ’ between the H1N1 influenza ( Swine Flu ) virus and genetically modified amylopectin potatoes that are consumed in massive quantities nearly exclusively by Westerners and sold in fast food restaurants as French Fries .
According to these reports , the protease enzyme genetically modified in the potatoes being sold through Western fast food restaurants as French Fries to protect against Potato virus X causes an “ explosive ” replication of the H1N1 influenza virus by increasing the acidic conditions of the endosome and causing the hemagglutinin protein to rapidly fuse the viral envelope with the vacuole ’s membrane , then causing the M2 ion channel to allow protons to move through the viral envelope and acidify the core of the virus , which causes the core to dissemble and release the H1N1 ’s RNA and core proteins into the hosts cells .
Evidence confirming these dire findings by top Russian scientists is also supporte d by the World Health Organization who in their reporting on the current Influenza Pandemic , clearly shows that the H1N1 virus is nearly totally confined to those Western Nations allowing their citizens to consume these genetically modified potatoes , and which include :
The United States with over 17,000 cases being reported with 45 deaths ; Canada with 2,978 cases ; the United Kingdom with 1,226 cases ; and Australia with 1,823 cases .
Important to also note about the World Health Organization ’s statistics on the spread of the H1N1 Pandemic influenza virus is that the South American Nation of Chile is the only country in the World outside of The United States , Canada , United Kingdom and Australia to allow the planting of these genetically modified potatoes due to their Free Trade Pact with the US and who are reporting 1,694 cases of this disease .
Also important to note are that most of the World ’s largest Nations do not allow the planting of these genetically modified potatoes and therefore are reporting very limited outbreaks of the H1N1 Pandemic influenza , including Russia with 3 cases , China , the World ’s =2 0 most populated country , with 318 cases , and India , the World ’s second largest country , with 16 .
These reports further state that with the linkage between the H1N1 Pandemic influenza virus and fast food French Fries made from genetically modified potatoes , the most vulnerable people to be infected are the youngest who , by far , are the largest consumers of these types of cheap Western foods , and which was recently confirmed by the Washington Post News Service that reported :
“ Of the 5,000 confirmed and more than 100,000 probable cases of swine flu , the average age of infected people is 15 ; two thirds are younger than 18 . ”
These reports further warn that though the genetic history of this insidious man-made influenza seems to initially offer some protection for those Nations not consuming these genetically modified potatoes , to believe so would be a “ grave mist ake ” as new evidence is emerging that this H1N1 Pandemic influenza virus is rapidly mutating , and as we can read from these two reports :
“ The new strain of influenza appears to have mutated to become more infectious for humans , the online edition of science magazine Nature reported Monday , referencing research by a team including Prof.
Yoshihiro Kawaoka of Tokyo University ’s Institute of Medical Science .
The surface of influenza virus particles are covered with thorn - shaped proteins called hemagglutinin ( HA ) , which allows the virus to stick to human cells .
After analyzing multiple samples of the new flu virus , the team ascertained that in some cases the HA of the new H1N1 strain have mutated , allowing the strain to stick to human cells more easily .
According to Kawaoka , the same mutations have been found in HA of the H5N1 strain of influenza , the highly virulent bird flu , which kills about 60 percent of those it infects .
Kawaoka said the virus is still in the process of mutating into a form even more infectious to humans . ”
-and -
“ Brazilian scientists have identified a new strain of the H1N1 virus after examining samples from a patient in Sao Paulo , their institute said Tuesday .
The variant has been called A / Sao Paulo / 1454 / H1N1 by the Adolfo Lutz Bacteriological Institute , which compared it with samples of the A( H1N1 ) swine flu from California . ”
More ominously to be examined in these reports is the response of the United States to this Pandemic which , to date , is the World ’s largest infected Nation ( reporting 7 more H1N1 flu deaths today ) and which has already declared a Public Health Emergency and , just yesterday , passed a bill in its Congress allocating $ 7.7 Billion to prepare themselves for this catastrophic disease .
Share this :
Tweet
GOVERNMENT INTIMIDATION
DESTROYS A FREE SOCIETY
by Tom DeWeese
November 5 , 2009
NewsWithViews.com
For years I have been issuing warnings about the growing government surveillance state .
REAL ID and E - Verify have been sold as weapons necessary to stop illegal immigration and the threat of terrorism .
Now , Congress says it has improved those weapons by creating the PASS Act .
Yet , while insisting these straight jackets for all citizens are needed to protect us , the government has refused to do the one thing that would actually reduce these threats - secure the borders .
Homelandsecuritynewswire.com reports that the government has set a goal of capturing only 29 % of people and goods entering our borders illegally .
That ’s it .
As I have warned , the mindset of the government is that it ’s much more efficient to put us all in chains than to try to actually catch the bad guys .
And so , the government is spending its resources ( your money ) spying on Americans , from monitoring our Face book pages to our credit card purchases .
To make its intentions even clearer , The Department of Homeland Security has issued reports profiling nearly all Americans as potential domestic terrorists .
And now , Barack Obama says he is considering “ preventive detention ” for those the government deems dangerous but are not yet ready to arrest .
The government is now using biometric identification to monitor those who attend TEA Parties and other protests .
Our right to object is being destroyed .
This is government by intimidation .
No free society can withstand it .
Yet , still , many Americans who profess to support limited government and individual liberty , allow themselves to be pulled in by those who tell you REAL ID and E - Verify will make us safer and freer .
They refuse to understand that THEY are the target – not illegals .
What will it take America , to finally convince you ?
When will you begin to understand you are not being protected – YOU ARE BEING HUNTED !
The following is the dramatic presentation by PA State Representative Sam Rohrer given to the recent Freedom 21 national conference in Oklahoma .
Rep .
Rohrer is one of the nation ’s leading experts on the dangers of biometric surveillance and intimidation .
He issues the warning that government by surveillance intimidation is the threat that all Americans face .
I hope you will heed it !
-- Tom DeWeese , Editor
REAL ID and the PASS Act
America 's Growing Surveillance Society
Address to the 10th Annual Freedom21 Conference - August 14 , 2009
By PA State Representative Sam Rohrer
Since I addressed this convention last year about the same topic , much has changed while much has also remained the same .
First , let me offer my congratulations and thanks to so many of you who have faithfully fought the good fight for freedom and against the dangerous provisions of REAL ID .
Thousands of hours have been spent resisting REAL ID and all it represents , and I stand before you now to say that those hours have not been spent in vain .
In all , legislative bodies in twenty - six states have spoken out against this government power grab .
Such a stunning reaction against federal legislation would not have been possible without the hard work of many in this room and many at this conference .
Yet , while battles have been won , the war has not .
Today I ’d like to provide an overview of where the REAL ID issue stands currently .
Most of you probably know the problems associated with REAL ID and may have even heard my speech on this topic last year .
( The DeWeese Report , Volume 14 , Issue 9 - September 2008 )
My presentation this year has been geared as a continuation of what I presented last year .
First , I will set the philosophical stage that underlies much of the thinking behind REAL ID and similar ideas .
Next , I will briefly discuss fusion centers and their role in the coming American surveillance society .
From that point , I will focus on the 2009 version of REAL ID and discuss a range of related issues , pointing out significant threats to our personal privacy and security along the way .
I will close by offering my thoughts about the next steps we should each take in resisting REAL ID .
Preventive Detention
Let me start with this question , “ Why is it that honest , law - abiding civilians are so worried about the federal government increasing its knowledge of citizens and their activities ? ”
After all , if you ’ve done nothing wrong , you ’ve nothing to worry about , right ?
- WRONG !
Under true justice , this statement would be fairly accurate , but it no longer is .
A basic reason is that the law enforcement and the terrorism fighting community have whole heartedly embraced a new and dangerous operating philosophy .
Now the focus of the law enforcement community has changed to crime and terrorism prevention through the use of massive amounts of intelligence .
In fact , on May 21 of this year , a New York Times story noted , “ President Obama told human rights advocates at the White House . . . that he was mulling the need for a ‘ preventive detention ’ system that would establish a legal basis for the United States to incarcerate terrorism suspects who are deemed a threat to national security but cannot be tried . ”
This startling statement should stop us in our tracks – preventive detention ?
What happened to the Constitution and its protections ?
You mean looking inside someone ’s head or heart and incarcerating him because someone thinks he might commit a crime in the future ?
Would this “ preventive detention ” apply to Americans accused of being right - wing extremists ?
This emerging philosophy is known as “ Intelligence - led Policing . ”
Most proponents of this philosophy have come to believe that the more that is known about all people in general , the greater the chance to catch the criminal or terrorist at large in the community before he commits his act of terrorism or crime .
In essence , cast the net broadly .
Let me clearly state that I believe the causes of crime and terrorism should be a matter of focus .
However , I equally – and just as strongly – believe that law enforcement and intelligence goals must be balanced with the Constitutional rights of American citizens .
Granting government in any form including police too much authority will turn America into a police state where citizens are stripped of their constitutional rights and a presumption of guilt is established .
Focusing on the principle of individual autonomy derived from God - given rights , our Founders and subsequent court decisions established and confirmed this historic balance by agreeing that citizens must be presumed innocent until proven guilty “ beyond reasonable doubt . ”
The danger with the “ Intelligence - led Policing ” view is that , without the protection of this proper balance , the basic right of the presumption of innocence is
destroyed , and with it our Freedom .
Because , once this foundational concept is discarded , like falling dominoes in a row , other major changes begin .
The entire mindset in Washington has developed into a philosophy which advocates nearly total government knowledge of all citizens ’ information .
Fusion Centers and the Web of Intimidation
Such a transformation has been crystallized within the law enforcement community in the form of “ fusion centers ” and how they have operated in the years following 9/11 .
These amorphous institutions were created to simplify information transfer between local , state , and federal officials .
In fact , the official Fusion Center Guidelines state : “ The principal role of the fusion center is to compile , analyze , and disseminate criminal / terrorist information and intelligence . . . to support efforts to anticipate , identify , prevent , and / or monitor criminal / terrorist activity .
You can easily spot the “ Intelligence - led Policing ” and “ preventive detention ” philosophies underpinning those guidelines , but more to my point is what these fusion centers have produced .
The Missouri Information and Analysis Fusion Center produced a document with which you may be familiar in February of this year called “ The Modern Militia Movement . ”
Advertisement
This report , allegedly aimed to inform law enforcement officials throughout Missouri , actually linked militia members with supporters of third party political candidates Ron Paul , Bob Barr , and others .
This document smeared all supporters of those candidates as potentially dangerous militia members who might incite violence against law enforcement officers or government officials .
Another report issued by a Virginia Fusion Center noted that dangerous student radicalization could occur at colleges and universities , specifically two “ Historically Black Colleges ” and “ Regent University , a private , evangelical Christian institution . ”
Both of these fusion center reports illustrate the danger of unbalanced “ Intelligence - led Policing ” and show more importantly why even those who do nothing wrong should be very worried when government has expansive knowledge and control .
Should your daughter or granddaughter attending law school at Regent University have fewer rights because she chose a school based on its conservative religious beliefs ?
A centralized and top - heavy drive to prevent crime can easily result in such Constitutional violations .
Once these fundamental changes from assumed innocence to assumed guilt and law enforcement to preventative detention occur , freedom gives way to a surveillance society mentality , and the operational problems of fusion centers .
But significant changes have occurred in other federal government initiatives which advance the surveillance society in America .
Keep Smiling or You May Be Locked Up
The first of these initiatives is nicknamed FAST ( Future Attribute Screening Technology ) .
This technology uses an array of sensors to measure physiological characteristics such as heart rate , breathing rate , facial expressions , and pupil dilation to determine whether or not a person intends to
commit a crime .
The Department of Homeland Security plans to implement this technology in airports and at major event locations .
Again , you can see the emphasis on prevention underlying this massive privacy violation .
People ’s heart rates climb and pupils dilate for a multitude of reasons .
The real effect will be a massive loss of freedom as innocent Americans are detained for wearing the wrong facial expressions or showing nervousness about flying .
A second initiative is Enhanced Driver ’s Licenses ( or EDLs ) .
This is another portion of the federal government initiative built on Real ID which drastically increases federal government knowledge of everyday life .
These new licenses double as a passport with Mexico and Canada and contain an RFID chip that is read when any border is crossed .
However , the significant convenience for the consumer is more than outweighed by the resulting privacy concerns .
As a recent Associated Press article noted , the RFID chips in Enhanced Driver ’s Licenses can be easily skimmed by someone holding a reader within thirty feet or more of the license .
As technology improves , these licenses will be readable from a much greater distance .
Currently four states and two Canadian provinces issue these licenses , but more states and provinces will likely do so in the future .
Enhanced driver ’s licenses are another topic entirely , but they serve to show increasing breadth of government knowledge and control over American citizens .
PASS Act - Wolf in Sheep ’s Clothing
Now let me turn to the key federal government initiative which drastically increases government knowledge and control - the “ Providing for Additional Security in States ’ Identification Act ” ( PASS ID ) .
Influential players in the federal government have switched horses and begun promoting this act .
Introduced June 15th and now out of the Senate Homeland Security Committee , this alternative allegedly corrects the abuses of REAL ID while still improving overall security .
Be assured that this switch does not take me or anyone else who has studied this issue by surprise .
REAL ID was a poorly conceived and hastily passed bill – for months we have known that it would be scrapped in favor of PASS ID .
Accordingly , I have studied PASS ID and determined that it is no improvement .
The tactics have changed , even as the administration has changed , but the end result remains the same .
Through PASS ID , the leaders of the federal government will accrue to themselves unprecedented knowledge about and control over the American people .
This license will enroll Americans in a global system of biometric identification .
Predictably , the tactics have not changed .
Senator Joseph Lieberman , chairman of the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs , exercises vast control over hearings in that committee , including the committee hearing about PASS ID .
When determining which experts would be allowed to testify in committee about PASS ID , just recently on July 15th , he refused to allow anyone opposed to PASS ID to testify .
All those testifying represented organizations which supported either PASS ID or REAL ID .
There was no debate on whether the federal government should mandate regulations for state ’s driver ’s licenses - that premise was a foregone conclusion .
The main question was what those regulations should look like .
PASS ID was written to eliminate enough objections from opponents of REAL ID to ensure that federal regulations would be imposed on the states .
Not surprisingly , PASS ID was just recently voted out of committee .
We also learn that both the National Governors Association ( NGA ) and the National Conference of State Legislatures ( NCSL ) both support PASS ID .
Those organizations , which were opposed to REAL ID and should defend state constitutions and individual freedom , now support PASS ID because some cost concerns have been eliminated from the legislation , as if cost were the primary concern .
In fact , the more important privacy and Constitutional concerns remain .
Advertisement
The blatant bias for PASS ID during the Senate committee hearings exhibits the increasingly arrogant approach of many in the federal government .
They exercise extraordinary faith in the laws and regulations passed by Congress to remedy security problems in each of the fifty states .
As a seventeen - year state legislator , believe me , I know the consequences of the federal government forcing solutions to complex problems upon the states .
The solution will always be too “ broad - brushed ” to be either effective or workable and will also violate some aspect of the Constitution .
The best solution to problems including state - issued drivers ’ licenses simply must come from the states .
As I mentioned previously , PASS ID fails to improve REAL ID .
In fact , it keeps the most egregious portions of REAL ID intact .
First , PASS ID allows the federal government to regulate a traditionally state - determined process , in violation of the Ninth and Tenth Amendments
to the US Constitution .
Second , Section 242 of PASS ID requires each state to , “ subject each person who submits an application for a driver ’s license or identification card to mandatory facial image capture . ”
Third , PASS ID gives enormous power to the Secretary of Homeland Security .
The language reads , “ All authority to issue regulations , set standards , and issue grants under this subtitle shall be carried out by the Secretary , in consultation with the Secretary of Transportation and the States . ”
These regulations , which should be granted a lengthy comment period during which time groups can point out problems with PASS ID , are supposed to be finalized only nine months after the date the legislation passes .
Additionally , the traditional rule - making process will likely be circumvented , allowing for no public comment about PASS ID regulations .
Fourth , six years after PASS ID regulations are issued , federal agencies will be prohibited from allowing citizens to use non-compliant licenses for official purposes .
This is the same REAL ID tactic to force states into compliance .
If you read through PASS ID , you will note toward the end the following provision , “ Nothing in this section may be construed to — ( 1 ) authorize the creation of a national database of driver ’s license information ; or ( 2 ) authorize States direct access to the motor vehicle database of another State . ”
This portion of the legislation is often trumpeted as an important privacy protection but it offers nothing of the sort .
The truth is , massive datasharing goes on between states and the federal government on a daily basis already , whether or not direct access is statutorily allowed .
In fact fusion centers were created for the purpose of facilitating information transfer between state , local , and federal government agencies .
Creating a new national database would be superfluous since in reality it already exists .
In an excellent article opposing PASS ID , the Electronic Privacy Information Center ( EPIC ) lists several further problems which bear repeating now .
First , the data collection and retention requirements raise significant privacy concerns .
These requirements are nearly indistinguishable from the data requirements of the REAL ID Act .
As with REAL ID , the PASS ID data requirements will encourage and simplify the identity theft process .
Second , PASS ID requires no physical security protections for the machine readable zone ( MRZ ) on the back of the license , only the promise of prosecution after someone steals that information .
This machinereadable zone will provide identity thieves with a barcode scanner easy access to your personal data .
Cameras , Cameras Everywhere
Finally , the massive amount of information collected and stored as a result of PASS ID will provide government with the use of large amounts of personal data – “ achieving the effect of a national database . ”
Of major impact is that facial recognition technology , the biometric portion of REAL ID also mandated by PASS ID , can be used to track people in real time , through networks of surveillance cameras linked to databases containing facial recognition templates .
Proof for that statement comes from a 2003 Carnegie - Mellon University study , the introduction of which declares , “ In the context of sharing video surveillance data , a significant threat to privacy is face recognition software , which can automatically identify known people , such as from a database of drivers ’ license photos , and thereby track people regardless of suspicion . ”
The private commercial sector is already using facial recognition technology in conjunction with surveillance cameras .
3VR is a leading company which markets such technology .
According to the 3VR website , this technology can : “ capture , index and catalog Facial Images ; track suspects using face similarity search ; build , manage and share watch lists of faces ; receive notifications when the system recognizes a watch list individual ; and maximize hard drive space by saving video and images associated with face events for longer . ”
According to a January 2008 Popular Mechanics article , " Twelve bank companies employ 3 VR systems at numerous locations , which build a facial template for every single person that enters any branch . ”
Few people probably realize what is happening when they enter a bank with such a system in place .
But such a system controlled by governments and potentially operating world - wide is the direction this technology is headed .
An extensive surveillance camera network capable of tracking people has already spread across the country .
According to the same Popular Mechanics article , an estimated 30 million surveillance cameras pepper areas across the nation , from tiny Dillingham , Alaska ( population 2,400 ) to New York City with its multiple thousands of cameras .
A few cities – like Brookline , NH – have refused the cameras , but most areas of the country have installed them .
Exactly how advanced are these surveillance cameras ?
Well , according to a Chicago Sun-Times article , new cameras being installed in Chicago are so advanced they can rotate independently and “ pick up a face in a crowd six blocks away . ”
Advertisement
Certain ultra-long range surveillance cameras are advertised online as being able to precisely identify a human more than 3.5 miles away !
Government By Intimidation
Again , many people assume that as long as they are not criminals , they have nothing to fear .
Again , not true – as I have said , the whole mindset in Washington has changed .
Just watch as more of these privacy invading , freedom destroying programs are pushed through in the future .
Imagine the consequences of a police force using real time surveillance cameras to determine the identity of participants at a rally opposing some government policy .
Imagine being questioned for completely legal behavior that only looked suspicious on the surveillance camera .
As American citizens , we have been guaranteed the First Amendment “ right of the people peaceably to assemble , and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances . ”
I believe that such knowledge and power already infringe on this basic right .
American citizens also have a clear expectation of privacy implicit in the Fourth Amendment – “ The right of the people to be secure in their persons . . . shall not be violated . ”
Surveillance cameras operated by law enforcement officials have already been documented abusing certain persons ’ right to privacy and security of person .
Also concerning , a Privacy International report ranking privacy protections of countries around the world listed the US in the worst group – among the United Kingdom , China , and Russia .
International Databanks
You may wonder how the federal government could gain access to driver ’s license photos to make tracking people by surveillance camera possible .
Currently , the Driver ’s Privacy Protection Act ( DPPA ) makes information in state DMV databases available to law enforcement and federal agencies .
The network which facilitates this transfer of information is NLETS , the International Justice and Public Safety Network , a not - forprofit organization owned and run by the states .
According to the NLETS website , this information exchange system links 30,000 agencies , nearly 700,000 terminals , and over 1 million users .
Additionally , NLETS “ will soon allow users in the US to electronically access INTERPOL files in Lyon , France . ”
In all , roughly 90 million messages are transacted each month .
A new NLETS initiative called the NLETS Interstate Sharing of Photos , or NISP , allows all participating states to access driver ’s license photographs from other states .
This massive data - sharing between states and countries could easily provide the infrastructure to allow the federal government to link the facial recognition photo found in your state DMV database to a government - sponsored surveillance camera network .
Having INTERPOL connected to the system opens the door to international surveillance .
You Are The Target
This developing surveillance society received a major push under the previous administration .
During those years , the National Security Administration was given broad access to massive amounts of private telecommunications information via AT&T for the purpose of fighting the war on terror .
Fighting terrorists is a good thing , but using an unconstitutional and invasive means to do so , when it spreads the net to innocent citizens , certainly is not .
This action , however well - intentioned , left the door wide open for abuse of whomever the current President deems a threat against the United States .
It seems like nearly every piece of legislation that comes out of Washington these days involves some sort of information gathering on Americans .
Even the seemingly innocuous “ Cash for Clunkers ” program authorized the Federal Government to take certain information from computers which logged on to the Cars.gov website .
And , lest we forget , combine all these dangers with the recent positions taken by the United States Department of Homeland Security .
That government agency issued two startling documents earlier this year which you probably remember .
The first was called , “ Rightwing Extremism : Current Economic and Political Climate Fueling Resurgence in Radicalization and Recruitment . ”
That DHS report noted , “ The possible passage of new restrictions on firearms and the return of military veterans facing significant challenges reintegrating into their communities could lead to the potential emergence of terrorist groups or lone wolf extremists . ”
Notice how military veterans and those who oppose further firearm restrictions are singled out as potential threats to the US .
Also notice how this DHS document defines “ right - wing extremism : ” “ Rightwing extremism in the United States can be broadly divided into those groups , movements , and adherents that are primarily hateoriented .
. . and those that are mainly antigovernment , rejecting federal authority in favor of state or local authority , or rejecting government authority entirely .
It may include groups and individuals that are dedicated to a single issue , such as opposition to abortion or immigration . ”
The second report issued by DHS was called the Domestic Extremism Lexicon .
This lexicon used a very broad brush to paint numerous groups as extremist .
These groups include not only abortion opponents , but also such liberal groups as animal rights activists , anti-war protestors , and environmental activists .
Even the White House has begun calling those in opposition to the President ’s socialized medicine agenda “ mobs ” who use “ scare tactics . ”
These dangerous definitions point out the increasing danger to both the left and right of a government that is growing ever larger and more intrusive .
Fighting Back
Even to the more casual observer , it is increasingly easy to see the direction in which America is headed .
Many people believe that more knowledge , control , and surveillance equals more safety .
They blindly assume that as long as they do nothing wrong , they have nothing to fear .
The tradeoff that many do not consider , and that is the reason I oppose REAL ID and PASS ID is the resulting loss of freedom inherent in these ideas .
Make no mistake , PASS ID is an attack on freedom .
It keeps the most onerous provisions of REAL ID and is a major component of the massive surveillance society being set up in America and around the world .
So what can be done about it ?
First , understand that these issues we ’re discussing in this conference are issues that stem from anti-freedom philosophies .
Many promoters of these philosophies are aggressively pushing this nation toward fascism .
We must be just as committed and aggressive – the stakes are high .
Secondly , continue to educate yourself .
Spend the time necessary to find and read good , credible resources and always think for yourself rather than accepting the opinion of another .
Thirdly , pass on what you learn to others .
In this way , you can duplicate your efforts , getting greater “ return ” on the time you have invested to stay up - to date and factual about current events .
Also , continue to support organizations such as the Stop REAL ID Coalition as they serve to enlarge our efforts by spending time we do n’t have and using expertise we do n’t possess to achieve that common goal of defending our liberties .
When our freedoms are at stake , inaction is the worst course of action .
To win this fight , we need each person to do as much as possible .
The cameras of a total surveillance society are moving ever closer .
Without the American people pushing back against these encroaching efforts of the federal government , we will wake up one day , in the not too distant future , wondering what happened to the “ land of the free and the home of the brave . ”
Allow me to close with a quote from one of our Founding Fathers , Samuel Adams .
“ The liberties of our country , the freedoms of our civil Constitution are worth defending at all hazards ; it is our duty to defend them against all attacks .
We have received them as a fair inheritance from our worthy ancestors .
They purchased them for us with toil and danger and expense of treasure and blood .
It will bring a mark of everlasting infamy on the present generation – enlightened as it is – if we should suffer them to be wrested from us by violence without a struggle , or to be cheated out of them by the artifices of designing men . ”
- Samuel Adams
Subscribe to the NewsWithViews Daily News Alerts !
Enter Your E - Mail Address :
Again , thank you for inviting me to speak here .
May
God yet choose to bless America !
Representative Samuel E. Rohrer is a Pennsylvania State Representative from the 128th district in Berks County .
For more info visit - http://samrohrer.org/
One of the themes that I have been strongly promoting in my enrolled member area is the idea that most of what we are seeing in the financial world these days is more of a reflection of the perverse influence of a liquidity flood than anything meaningful .
Watching how the markets were instantly recovered from the Dubai Debacle on Friday and today ( Monday ) , and seeing gold and stocks and bonds all floating along despite the crisis is just further confirmation for the idea that the world ’s liquidity pumps are set to “ maximum power . ”
I am truly amazed at what I am seeing out there in the markets these days .
I also understand and share the frustration of the many analysts who know what “ should ” be happening but is not .
What should be happening is massive , self - reinforcing deflation caused by debt destruction and resulting from the housing bust and retreat of consumer borrowing .
These are harrowing figures :
Consumer credit falls for 8th month
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) — Consumer credit fell in September for the eighth straight month , the longest streak of declines since the Federal Reserve started keeping records in 1943 .
Total consumer borrowing fell a seasonally adjusted $ 14.8 billion , or 7.2 % , to $ 2.456 trillion in September , according to the Federal Reserve .
One in Four Borrowers Is Underwater
The proportion of U.S. homeowners who owe more on their mortgages than the properties are worth has swelled to about 23 % , threatening prospects for a sustained housing recovery .
Nearly 10.7 million households had negative equity in their homes in the third quarter , according to First American CoreLogic , a real - estate information company based in Santa Ana , Calif .
There is simply no doubt that a finally defeated US consumer is in full retrenchment mode .
With one - in - four houses now with a mortgage ‘ underwater , ’ and record breaking declines in consumer credit , the great consumer credit bubble is well and truly over .
Deflation should be driving down assets ( like stocks and commodities ) .
However , our financial markets are telling a very different story , with signs of plentiful , if not rampant , liquidity everywhere .
First , in the largest market of them all ( by sheer size ) is the bond market .
There we find staggeringly large Treasury auctions being held week after week with stupendously low yields and suspiciously high ‘ indirect bidders ’ ( foreign central banks ) showing up each week .
Check out the results from this past week ( November 23 - 25 ) .
Monday November 23 11:37 [ UST3MO ]
Treasury sells $ 31 billion 6 - month bills at 0.142 % 11:37 [ UST3MO ]
Treasury sells $ 30 billion 3 - month bills at 0.041 % Monday November 23 1:04 [ UST2YR ]
Treasury sells $ 44 bln in 2 - year notes at 0.802 % 1:04 [ UST2YR ]
Bidders offer $ 3.16 for each $ 1 in 2 - yr debt sold 1:04 [ UST2YR ]
Indirect bidders buy 44.5 % of 2 - year note auction Tuesday November 24 1:05 [ UST5YR ]
Indirect bidders buy 61 % of 5 - year - note auction 1:05 [ UST5YR ]
Treasurys extend gains after 5 - year - note sale 1:04 [ UST5YR ]
Treasury sells $ 42 bln in 5 - year notes at 2.175 % 1:04 [ UST5YR ]
Bidders offer $ 2.81 for each $ 1 of 5 - yr debt sold
Treasurys gain , straight through 2 - year auction
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) — Long - term
Treasury prices advanced Monday , maintaining higher ground as the government ’s 2 - year - note sale received sufficient demand , kicking off $ 118 billion in debt sales scheduled for this holiday - shortened week .
Gains made earlier in long - term Treasurys stemmed from Federal Reserve officials ’ comments that eased concerns about rising interest rates by suggesting that the U.S. central bank may need to continue its asset - buying programs and keep interest rates low for a very long time .
Excuse me , but what ?
To me it is counterintuitive that interest rates should remain low , because the Federal Reserve has promised to flood the world with ever more freshly - printed dollars .
It seems to me that normal market forces would operate in the exact reverse direction from what we are currently seeing .
Of course , as my long - time readers know , I happen to believe the mystery can be solved by simply understanding that our bond markets are now subject to large and frequent interventions by so - called non-economic players ( i.e. central banks ) , which do not care about gains or losses .
Evidence of the Liquidity Flood
Let ’s look at the various components that have caused me to be extremely careful about hopping on the deflation bandwagon .
I fully suspect that I will at some point , but for now , the markets are telling me that we are awash in money .
Exhibit A – Bonds
Below we will look at the bonds that were auctioned this week : the 3 - month T - bill , the 2 - year and the 5 - year note .
The funny stuff I recently saw in the 3 - month bill has really left me scratching my head .
Marked on the chart is one example .
I am left wondering why it is that investors show up at auction and pay so much that they receive a 10 x worse rate of yield than they could secure in the open market the next day .
Who does that ?
Not regular investors , we can be sure .
Why does the media never question the odd behavior of Treasuries becoming more expensive right before or on the day of a massive auction ?
In a normal world , huge quantities of new supply to sell would drive the price down , not up .
There has been a massive flood of money coming into the 2 - year issuances as well .
That ’s quite a run from August .
Ditto for the 5 - year .
There has clearly been plenty of money coming into these markets .
There ’s really nothing else to say , except that lots of money has been pouring into the bond markets and the major source is not really in doubt – central banks .
Naturally this makes sense , as they are dead - set on getting the credit markets back moving again , even if this means punishing savers with low yields and forcing people to take more risks in the stock market .
In fact , that last one is a desirable outcome .
Exhibit B : Stocks
Given the fundamental stories out there , including the precipitous drops in state sales tax revenues , unemployment , plunging government income tax receipts and the like , the fundamental view would be that stocks should be mired near their recent lows .
But that is simply not the case .
Normally when stocks go up , bonds go down but we are living in an environment where both are going up .
What does this mean ?
That ’s easy , it means that there are gobs of money flooding into the paper markets .
Exhibit C : Commodities
Copper is often called “ Dr. Copper ” for its keen ability to tell what ’s going on in the world economy .
When the economy is booming , copper goes up .
When the economy turns south , it goes down .
Many traders listen carefully to the good doctor .
What ’s he saying ?
In the past 8 months , Dr. Copper has more than doubled in price .
Does this smell like deflation ?
Not to me , it does n’t .
And it vexes me because I simply cannot square up the news reports I am reading about the state of the world economy and this price chart .
Has the good doctor lost his abilities ?
Does he no longer predict anything ?
What ’s going on here , I believe , is that copper is merely signaling that there ’s entirely too much money floating around searching for something to do .
Think of the money the Federal Reserve ( et al ) has poured into the big banks like jelly squeezed in a fist .
It ’s got to go somewhere .
So instead of telling us something clever about the health of the world ’s economies , I think Dr. Copper is merely drunk on a bunch of funny money .
His voice is garbled and we ’d do better than to follow his staggering gait around town .
Still , at least we know there ’s a party going on somewhere they are serving high - quality hooch .
Exhibit D : Gold
I do not view gold as an inflation hedge .
I think of gold as , first and foremost , my protection against a currency decline or accident .
Secondarily , it protects me in the event of a systemic financial accident or crisis .
The recent price action of gold is indistinguishable from that of copper or bonds or stocks so I consider its current price to be mainly reflective of a liquidity flood .
The Dollar
At the same time that we are seeing a pronounced liquidity flood manifest throughout numerous financial and commodity markets , the dollar has been steadily losing value .
To me this looks like an entirely orderly and coordinated process .
In theory , with foreign central banks snapping up record amounts of Treasuries , there should be a pretty good bid under the dollar .
However , it just keeps leaking away , month after month .
This is exactly what I predicted would happen , simply because it is the only policy that makes sense .
The US is insolvent , and the only hope of reconciling current debts with a future economy is by having a devalued dollar make those debts appear smaller .
If you were to fashion such a program for the government , you , too , would quickly derive a three point plan consisting of a lower dollar , low interest rates , and massive deficit spending .
We are seeing all three of these , and they are really not all that surprising to me .
What is surprising is the fact that the foreign central banks and governments are going along with the plan .
Conclusion
All in all , I think what we are seeing in the markets is most consistent with , and best explained by , a simple policy of dumping lots and lots of money into the markets .
At the same time the dollar leaks away .
When do markets cease to be markets ?
When they are so distorted by monetary interventions that they no longer provide useful or rational price signals .
Until some form of useful price information is allowed to once again enter the markets , I will consider them to be largely untradeable for anybody but the very good , the lucky , or the well - connected .
I am not sure when this ends , but I am reasonably certain that it ends in tears , because I doubt that policy can trump reality .
While I sympathize with the challenges facing the monetary and fiscal leadership of the world , I remain stubbornly unconvinced that a problem rooted in too - cheap money and too much debt can be fixed with cheaper money and more debt .
And I am not the only one raising such questions .
In the NYTimes this article recently ran :
Wave of Debt Payments Facing U.S. Government
WASHINGTON — The United States government is financing its more than trillion - dollar - a - year borrowing with i.o.u.’s on terms that seem too good to be true .
But that happy situation , aided by ultralow interest rates , may not last much longer .
Treasury officials now face a trifecta of headaches : a mountain of new debt , a balloon of short - term borrowings that come due in the months ahead , and interest rates that are sure to climb back to normal as soon as the Federal Reserve decides that the emergency has passed .
I invite you to read the rest of the article , as it really pulls no punches and lays out what should ( there ’s that word again ) be an iron - clad case against buying Treasuries at these ridiculous levels .
As always , I will continue to watch the markets very closely for any signs of change .
For now we remain stuck with the liquidity pumps on “ full . ”
In case you want to track Treasury bond prices yourself , just print out these symbols to use at the free charting service http://stockcharts.com:
$ DJCBTI Dow Jones CBOT Treasury Index
$ FVX 5 Year Treasury Note Yield
$ TNX 10 Year Treasury Note Yield
$ UST10Y 10 - Year US Treasury Yield ( EOD )
$ UST1M 1 - Month US Treasury Yield ( EOD )
$ IRX 3 - month T - bill Yield
$ UST6M 6 - Month US Treasury Yield ( EOD )
$ UST1Y 1 - Year US Treasury Yield ( EOD )
$ UST20Y 20 - Year US Treasury Yield ( EOD )
$ UST2Y 2 - Year US Treasury Yield ( EOD )
$ UST30Y 30 - Year US Treasury Yield ( EOD )
$ UST3M 3 - Month US Treasury Yield ( EOD )
$ UST3Y 3 - Year US Treasury Yield ( EOD )
$ UST5Y 5 - Year US Treasury Yield ( EOD )
$ UST7Y 7 - Year US Treasury Yield ( EOD )
$ USTU 2 - Year US Treasury Note Price ( EOD )
$ USB 30 - Year US Treasury Bond Price ( EOD )
$ USFV 5 - Year US Treasury Note Price ( EOD )
$ UST 10 - Year US Treasury Note Price ( EOD )
$ TED Treasury – EuroDollar Spread
This is one of those questions that guys can discuss until the end of time .
When I bring it up amongst friends , the discussion gets heated .
So , for this list , there will be some ground rules :
The athlete from a team sport must have superior statistics to others .
This means that merely winning championships without the jaw - dropping stats , like Bill Russell , is n’t enough for this particular ‘ most dominant athlete ever ’ list .
As for Russell , he ’s probably the most dominating team player ever , but that ’s a different list .
, is n’t enough for this particular ‘ most dominant athlete ever ’ list .
As for Russell , he ’s probably the most dominating team player ever , but that ’s a different list .
The athlete must be dominant throughout a significant portion of a respectable career .
Dominating for a few years and then falling into relative mediocrity tarnishes a legacy .
It will be impossible to name every dominant athlete in every sport , so we ’ll stick with 30 total , from these sports :
Auto racing , baseball , basketball , boxing , cycling , football , golf , Greco - Roman wrestling ( you ’ll see why later ) , hockey , horse racing , soccer , surfing , swimming , tennis and track .
For team sports , the athlete should be dominant in more than one major statistic or aspect of the game .
So , the best rebounder or shot - blocker ever wo n’t necessarily be considered on those stats alone .
Men only for this list .
We ’ll handle women when the Gunaxin audience becomes interested in female sports , or when women start routinely beating men at these sports .
If someone you think is missing from this list , chances are , they may certainly be a dominant athlete that we missed , and we urge you to write them in the comments section .
But also ask yourself , even had we listed them for the vote , do you think they would win it ?
VOTE FOR THE MOST DOMINANT ATHLETE AT THE BOTTOM
AUTO RACING
Richard Petty
Case for :
His 200 career NASCAR wins are 95 more than the next guy , he won seven championships , and he ’s still considered the best of all time in that sport .
Case against : None .
Michael Schumacher
Case for :
His 91 career Formula 1 wins are 40 more than the next guy , and he has won seven championships .
Case against : Schumacher ’s success often drew controversy , particularly in title - deciding collisions in 1994 and 1997 .
Jimmy Johnson just won his fourth consecutive championship , but his career is far from over and he ’s got a long way to go to be considered more dominant than Petty , or even Dale Earnhardt in NASCAR .
BASEBALL
Ty Cobb
Case for : A .367 lifetime batting average , far and away the best in baseball history .
Case against : Played in an era where players did n’t hit for power .
Also , he was a downright awful person and he ’d get booed out of the stadium if he played today .
Babe Ruth
Case for :
He was a great pitcher when he pitched , a great hitter when he hit , and sometimes hit more home runs than entire teams .
He had a .342 lifetime average .
Case against : Not much , although some argue that he did n’t have to compete against the Negro League players who could have given him more competition .
Not : Barry Bonds and I should n’t even have to explain why .
Baseball is one of those sports that anyone you ask will tell you someone different is the most dominant .
Others we considered were Willie Mays , Ted Williams and Bob Gibson .
Sandy Koufax dominated for just a few years but not long enough .
BASKETBALL
Michael Jordan
Case for : 2 Olympic gold medals , 6 - time NBA champion , 6 - time NBA Finals MVP , 5 - time NBA MVP , 10 NBA scoring titles , holds the NBA records for highest career regular - season scoring average ( 30.12 points per game ) and highest career playoff scoring average ( 33.4 points per game ) .
Case against :
His stint with the Wizards was a disaster and probably still irks him since he is not one to lose a grudge .
Taking off about two seasons to play baseball may have cost him two more championships .
Also , other players have offensive records that Jordan did n’t come close to breaking .
Wilt Chamberlain
Case for : 2 - time NBA champion , 4 - time NBA MVP , once averaged 50.4 points a game in a season , once scored 100 points in a game , holds 72 official NBA records , and never fouled out of a game .
Case against : Did n’t win enough championships , though we ’ve already stated that that ’s not the barometer for being the most ‘ dominating athlete . ’
Not : Kareem Abdul - Jabbar , Bill Russell , Magic Johnson because we ’re confident that Jordan and Chamberlain are ultimately more dominating .
The general consensus in basketball is that Michael Jordan is the best of all time ( though Celtics fans will say Bill Russell simply because he has more championships than anyone ) .
BOXING
Muhammad Ali
Case for :
He ’s often considered one of the greatest of all time .
Case against :
He did not live up to his potential because he left the sport in his prime .
Also , he lost five times , did n’t exactly go out ‘ on top , ’ but excluding him from this list would cause a web riot .
Joe Louis
Case for : Championship reign lasted 140 consecutive months .
Named the greatest heavyweight of all time by the International Boxing Research Organization , and was ranked number one on Ring Magazine ’s list of 100 Greatest Punchers of All Time .
Case against : Ummm … never fought Mike Tyson in his prime ?
Sugar Ray Robinson
Case for : Frequently cited as the greatest boxer of all time , Robinson ’s performances at the welterweight and middleweight divisions prompted sportswriters to create “ pound for pound ” rankings , where they compared fighters regardless of weight .
Case against : Lost 19 times .
Not : Mike Tyson , who , like others , dominated the sport for a period of time , then lost , continued to lose , and tarnished a legacy .
Not : Rocky Marciano because few believe he fought anyone that tough .
Boxing sparks quite a bit of debate because there are many dominant ones from different eras .
CYCLING
Lance Armstrong
Case for :
After surviving cancer , he won the Tour de France seven straight times .
At the age of 38 he came back and finished third .
Case against : Accused of doping .
Also , many forget that cycling is a team sport , and Armstrong ’s team deserves credit for guiding him to victory , as well .
It ’s not uncommon to hear someone say Armstrong is the most dominant athlete of all time .
FOOTBALL
Jim Brown
Case for :
In 2002 , he was named by The Sporting News as the greatest professional football player ever .
In 118 career games , Brown averaged 104.3 yards per game and 5.2 yards per carry .
Only Barry Sanders comes close to those totals .
Case against : None .
Joe Montana
Case for :
He won four Super Bowls and helped his teams to 31 fourth quarter come - from - behind wins .
Case against : Other quarterbacks either broke Montana ’s records or hold records that Montana never did , and even won the same number of championships .
‘ Who ’s the best quarterback ever ? ’ is an article on its own , but we ’ll stick with Montana as the representative for this position .
Jerry Rice
Case for :
The all - time leader in every major statistical category for wide receivers and the all - time leader in touchdowns scored with 208 .
Case against : Certainly benefited by having great quarterbacks .
Lawrence Taylor
Case for :
He has been called the greatest defensive player of all time by members of the media , former players , and coaches .
Case against : Not much , though , like other athletes , his off - field issues make some people forget about his on - field success .
GOLF
Tiger Woods
Case for :
Was already considered the best golfer ever very early in his career , and it is far from over .
Case against :
Though he is on course to obliterate them , he does not yet hold the records for majors or wins , so it ’s hard to say he ’s the most dominant ever if he has n’t yet surpassed these milestones .
Jack Nicklaus
Case for :
He currently holds the record with 18 major victories .
Case against : He ’s not Tiger Woods .
Not : Arnold Palmer .
He may have ‘ transcended ’ the game and made the sport incredibly popular , but his records pail in comparison to others .
Tiger Woods should be a finalist for the most dominant of all time .
GRECO -ROMAN WRESTLING
Alexander Karelin
Case for :
He was undefeated for 13 years .
He won gold medals at the 1988 , 1992 and 1996 Olympic Games .
He went the last six years of his unbeaten streak without giving up a point .
Case against : Relatively speaking , Greco - Roman wrestling is too small of a sport compared to the others .
While Greco - Roman wrestling is n’t necessarily a sport that many argue about , Karelin ’s 13 - year winning streak is perhaps the most dominating accomplishment on this list .
Michael Jordan , Tiger Woods , Babe Ruth , or anyone else accomplished anything like that .
HOCKEY
Wayne Gretzky
Case for :
He is so far ahead on the all - time points list , that had he never scored a goal , his assist total would still make him the all - time points leader .
Case against :
He was n’t a two - way player .
Bobby Orr
Case for :
Led the league in scoring , as a defenseman .
Once had a plus / minus of +124 ( to put that in perspective , +37 led the league last season ) .
Case against :
His career was n’t long enough .
Not : Gordie Howe and Mario Lemieux , because we ’re confident that Gretzky and Orr were ultimately more dominant .
HORSE RACING
Secretariat
Case for :
In 1973 became the first U.S. Triple Crown champion in 25 years , setting new race records in the Kentucky Derby and the Belmont Stakes .
Case against : He ’s a horse .
You all know that you ’re going to vote for Secretariat as a goof , so go ahead and cast your ballot now .
SOCCER
Diego Maradona
Case for : Widely considered to be the second best soccer player of all time .
Case against : Only people from Argentina think that he is better than Pele .
Also , a suspension for drugs kept him off the field for some time .
Pele
Case for : Won World Cups , flashy player , scored , transcended the game .
Case against : None .
Pele should be a finalist for the most dominating athlete ever .
SURFING
Kelly Slater
Case for : 9 - time ASP World Champion . 54 victories .
42 World championship tour wins .
Case against : Hard to compare surfing to these other sports .
We also considered Laird Hamilton , Taj Burrow , and the ‘ inventor , ’ Duke Paoa Kahanamoku .
SWIMMING
Michael Phelps
Case for :
He won eight gold medals at the 2008 Olympic Games .
Case against : Some of those world records may have been set with the aid of better swimsuit technology that Mark Spitz and Johnny Weissmuller did n’t have .
Mark Spitz
Case for : Amongst other things , he won seven gold medals at the 1972 Olympic Games .
Case against : Lost his records to Phelps .
Phelps will likely be a finalist for the most dominant athlete ever .
TENNIS
Roger Federer
Case for :
Already the all - time leader in men ’s singles Grand Slam victories , Federer does n’t look like he ’s slowing down .
Case against :
For a period of time , Rafael Nadal overtook Federer as the best player in the world , defeating him in the French Open and Wimbledon finals .
It ’s hard to say Federer is the best ever when he was n’t even number one in his sport while in his prime .
Rod Laver
Case for :
He was the world No. 1 player for seven consecutive years , and is the only player to have twice won all four Grand Slam singles titles in the same year .
He would have had even more titles had the rules for majors been different back then .
Case against :
He did n’t have to play Roger Federer .
Not : Pete Sampras because he did n’t come close to winning the French Open , the one gaping hole on his resume .
TRACK
Usain Bolt
Case for :
He holds the world record for the 100 metres , the 200 metres and , along with his teammates , the 4×100 metres relay .
And he is still young so has more career ahead of him .
Case against : Does one extraordinary year make one the ‘ most dominant athlete of all time ? ’
Carl Lewis
Case for :
He won 10 Olympic medals ( 9 gold ) , and 10 World Championships medal ( 8 ) , in a career that spanned from 1979 to 1996 .
Case against : A controversy with the long jump in the ’ 84 Olympics .
Also , he was n’t as dominant as long as Edwin Moses ( below ) .
Edwin Moses
Case for : Between 1977 and 1987 , Moses won 107 consecutive finals .
Also , he helped set some of the most strict anti-drug policies for track and field .
Case against : None .
We also considered Jesse Owens , but he was n’t as dominant as long as the above .
We also give a shout out to Jim Thorpe , who is perhaps the most versatile athlete of all time .
Edwin Moses should be a finalist for most dominant athlete of all time .
[ poll id = ” 48 ″ ]
Secretariat
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
November 10 , 2009
Declan McCullagh reports for CBS
News that the Department of Justice sent a formal request to Indymedia ordering it to provide details of all reader visits on a certain day .
A grand jury subpoena required the independent news website “ not to disclose the existence of this request ” unless authorized by the Justice Department .
The subpoena and gag order represent a new level of government intrusion into the operation of a free press in this country .
The DOJ subpoena demands IP addresses , times , and any other identifying information , including email addresses , physical addresses , registered accounts , and Indymedia readers ’ Social Security Numbers , bank account numbers , credit card numbers , and other information on users of the website .
The subpoena issued by U.S. Attorney Tim Morrison in Indianapolis demands a transcript of “ all IP traffic to and from www.indymedia.us” on June 25 , 2008 .
It required website administrator Kristina Clair of the Philadelphia - based Indymedia website to “ include IP addresses , times , and any other identifying information , ” including email addresses , physical addresses , registered accounts , and Indymedia readers ’ Social Security Numbers , bank account numbers , credit card numbers , and other information on users of the website .
Clair told McCullagh and CBS : “ I did n’t think anything we were doing was worthy of any ( federal ) attention . ”
She called the Electronic Frontier Foundation in San Francisco and the organization agreed to represent her .
The Electronic Frontier Foundation has noted a number of problems with the government subpoena , including that it was not personally served , and that a court order is required for the server logs .
Kevin Bankston , a senior staff attorney at the San Francisco - based EFF , noted the Indymedia does not store its server logs .
Indymedia , short for Independent Media Center , is a global participatory network of journalists that report on political and social issues .
It originated during the anti-WTO protests worldwide in 1999 and remains closely associated with the global justice movement , which criticizes neo-liberalism , and its associated institutions .
Indymedia uses an open publishing and democratic media process that allows anybody to contribute , according to Wikipedia .
“ If you get a subpoena and you ’re a journalist , they ca n’t gag you , ” Lucy Dalglish , the executive director of the Reporters Committee for Freedom of The Press , told McCullagh .
“ I have seen any number of these things withdrawn when counsel for someone who is claiming a reporter ’s privilege says , ‘ Can you tell me the date you got approval from the attorney general ’s office ’…
I ’m willing to chalk this up to bad lawyering on the part of the DOJ , or just not thinking . ”
[ efoods ]
The government does not consider Indymedia — or the alternative news media as a whole ( including Infowars and Prison Planet ) — as legitimate news organizations .
The corporate media does not accept the notion of “ citizen journalists ” and has consistently criticized bloggers .
In 2004 , the DOJ sent a grand jury subpoena demanding information about who posted lists of Republican delegates to the GOP convention in New York .
An Indymedia hosting service in Texas received a subpoena demanding server logs in relation to an investigation of an attempted murder in Italy .
Obama promised “ change ” during the election .
However , as the latest effrontery to the First Amendment by the Department of Justice reveals , nothing has changed and the Obama administration intends to continue the unconstitutional policies of the Bush administration .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
“ No one has tested the legal system or the documentation , ” a lawyer briefed on the situation said .
The 237 - page prospectus for the Nakheel bond provides little clarity .
In the case of a bankruptcy by Dubai World or Nakheel , bondholders have no guarantee of “ repayment of their claims in full or at all , ” it said .
Under Dubai law , it added , no debt owed by the ruler or government can be recovered by taking possession of the government ’s assets .
A default would also pose a major new test for Dubai ’s courts , which have never handled a major bankruptcy of one of the government ’s own companies , lawyers and bankers said .
Unlike its neighbors , Dubai has kept its judiciary system separate from the United Arab Emirates Federal Judiciary Authority .
The decisions of the Dubai courts , which are controlled by the emirate ’s ruling family , can be fickle , say lawyers in the region .
For example , in order to bring a court case against a government - owned or government - run entity , a corporation or individual needs to get permission  from the government .
In the prospectus for Nakheel bonds , investors are warned that “ judicial precedents in Dubai have no binding effect on subsequent decisions , ” and that court decisions in Dubai are “ generally not recorded . ”
Global issuance of Shariah - compliant bonds and loans grew 40 percent in the first 10 months of 2009 from a year ago , Moody ’s Investors Services said in a November note to clients .
The total amount of Shariah - compliant debt outstanding is estimated at about $ 1 trillion , up from $ 700 billion just two years ago .
About 10 percent of Dubai’s $ 80 billion debt load complies with Shariah , bankers and analysts estimate .
Malaysia was traditionally the hub of Islamic finance , but much of this new activity has been centered around Dubai , and foreign and local law firms and banks there helped the emirate raise much of its debt .
Dubai even has a school that turns students into “ certified Islamic finance executives , ” whose stamp of approval is required for an instrument to be deemed Shariah - compliant .
The surge in Islamic finance has led to hiring sprees at banks , and given rise to a series of new financial indicators like the Dow Jones Islamic Market index .
Hoping to appeal to the Middle East ’s huge sovereign wealth funds , even non-Islamic institutions have started to raise money using Islamic finance .
In October , the British Treasury drew up rules that would soon allow Britain to issue Shariah - compliant government debt .
The same month , the World Bank issued $ 100 million in Shariah - compliant bonds .
Info 1.0 Grok 1.0 !
The Grok development team is very happy to release Grok 1.0 .
Grok 1.0 is the culmination of 3 years of work after the start of the Grok project in late 2006 .
It presents a stable platform for developing powerful , extensible web applications .
Grok is the result of years of work by the large Grok development team .
With Grok , simple projects are easy to create , but it is with increasing complexity and reuse that the Grok framework excels .
Grok 1.0 is not the end of Grok development .
Since Grok is extensible many powerful new features are being made available as growing collection of extension packages .
The Grok development team is also working on a whole range of initiatives to improve Grok even further .
The Grok documentation team is also busily working on improving Grok 's extensive documentation resources .
About Grok Grok is a modern Python - based web framework .
Grok is powerful in the hands of an expert developer , as it excels in reuse and extensibility thanks to its use of a component development model .
At the same time Grok aims to let less experienced developers be productive immediately , so that the walk up the learning curve is more smooth for them .
Grok lets you store your Python objects easily in the battle - tested ZODB , an object database .
Alternatively relational databases are supported with Grok , using the megrok.rdb extension and SQLAlchemy .
Grok is developed in the Zope community and is built with Zope technologies .
In particular , Grok builds on the Zope Toolkit , a collection of libraries that make use of a common component development model , the Zope Component Architecture .
The Zope community has more than a decade of experience in developing web applications with Python .
The Zope Toolkit is the result of this experience , Grok is WSGI compatible and can therefore be integrated with the wide range of WSGI - based technologies available in the Python world today .
Grok technologies themselves are also available for reuse .
This has enabled developers to use them in combination with the Silva and Plone CMS projects , which work with the Zope 2 application server .
Changes Grok 1.0 has the following changes compared to Grok 1.0b2 : Removed IReRaiseException adapter registration for IUnauthorized again in favor of using grokcore .
startup 's configurable``debug_application_factory`` WSGI application factory function .
Use newer versions of simplejson and pytz .
Grok 1.0b2 has the following changes compared to Grok 1.0 a4 : grokproject layout changed again .
we store the database and logfiles under the var directory in the buildout .
directory in the buildout .
Running the server with debug.ini and the exception middleware in there wo n't require you to use a different login location for the admin ui .
Just going to http://localhost:8080 should give you a login prompt .
This release also contains a number of bugfixes .
We are continuing to fix bugs on the way to Grok 1.0 .
For installation instructions and much more on how to use Grok , see the Grok tutorial : http://grok.zope.org/doc/current/tutorial.html
What happened to Grok 1.0b1 ?
Grok 1.0b1 was released a bit prematurely and can be safely ignored .
Upgrading A significant change to the project structure generated by grokproject has been created too .
We recommend you upgrade your projects to the new structure ( but be sure to back up important Data. fs files for important ZODBs ) .
Please examine a project generated with the newest version of grokproject and update your project 's buildout.cfg accordingly ( and help us write better instructions ! ) .
For detailed upgrade notes on this , see http://grok.zope.org/project/upgrade-notes
We hope to hear from you !
If you enjoy Grok , please subscribe to the grok - dev mailing list and join us in the #grok channel on irc.freenode .
net .
Previous : 1.1a1 Next : 1.0b2
Free FLV
Converter is not only a FLV converter but also a YouTube Video Converter which can convert YouTube to all popular portable devices , such as iPod , iPhone , Sandisk Sansa , PSP , Nokia , Zune , Creative Zen , Archos , Sony Walkman , PS3 , Blackberry , Pocket PC , etc .
Customize the video preferences to cater to your need
You can set encoding parameters including resolution , bitrate , frame rate , aspect ratio to get the best video quality and video size .
Convert FLV and Youtube Video to all popular video formats
Free FLV
Converter software could easily convert FLV and Youtube Videos to all popular video formats such as MPG , MPEG , MPEG2 , VOB , MP4 , M4V , RM , RMVB , WMV , ASF , MKV , AVI , 3GP,3G2 , etc with high speed and excellent image / sound quality .
Budgeting carbon cuts
Local and national governments have only 40 years to plan and build a zero carbon society if the world is to avoid catastrophic global warming , David Knight and Bob Whitmarsh warn .
WASHINGTON
Michelle had gone up to New York to watch the World Series opener with Jill Biden and Yogi Berra .
The president had dinner at the White House with Sasha and Malia .
Then , shortly before midnight , he donned a dark overcoat , boarded Marine One and flew to Dover Air Force Base .
On the tarmac in the darkness , he stood at attention , saluting , as 18 flag - draped cases were taken off an Air Force C - 17 and carried to Port Mortuary by military teams in camouflage fatigues and black berets .
The Halloween - eve parade of death included casualties from America ’s most horrific day in Afghanistan in four years , and its bloodiest month of the war .
chases a little boy all around Disney Land .
ANNOUNCEMENT
At the end of this month , we will once again limit access to much of our website to subscribers only .
If you or your institution subscribes to Booklist , you will not notice any changes .
Thank you for your support and continued interest in Booklist !
Read more here .
Booklist Review of the Day
The Rise
by Marcus Samuelsson ​ Fans of the Food Network channel and PBS ’
No Passport Required will recognize chef , restaurateur , philanthropist , author , and food activist Samuelsson ( The Red Rooster Cookbook , 2016 ) .
Along with James Beard Award–winning author Osayi Endolyn and recipe developers Yewande Komolafe and Tamie Cook , here he takes readers on a culinary journey to discuss the diversity , history , culture , and spirituality that Black food and Black chefs express .
Reviews in This Issue
Current Features
Read - alikes : TV Food Stars
by Annie Bostrom ​ As host of No Passport Required on PBS , chef and author Marcus Samuelsson travels the U.S. to share the amazing foods and stories of America ’s immigrant communities .
In conjunction with his forthcoming new book , The Rise , we present this list of cookbooks and memoirs by other food - world stars readers have gotten to know on their screens .
Top 10 Paranormal Series
by Angela Leeper ​ Aliens and monsters and ghosts , oh my !
Leave the lights on while reading 10 of the best paranormal series .
The Shelf Care Interview : Macmillan Library Marketing Team
In this episode of the Shelf Care Interview , Susan Maguire talks to the Macmillan Library Marketing Team , Talia Sherer , Amanda Rountree , Emily Day , and Samantha Slavin , to answer the question :
Who is this team of book - a- holics ?
The Shelf Care Interview : Kim Johnson and Alex Aster ​
In honor of our yearlong Women in Focus celebration , this Shelf Care Interview features two special conversations with Kim Johnson , author of This Is My America and Alex Aster , author of Curse of the Night Witch .
Top 10 Cookbooks : 2020
by Annie Bostrom ​ Representing a wide array of food traditions and cooking styles , the best cookbooks reviewed in Booklist over the last year also happen to offer a strong emphasis on the adaptability and deliciousness of plant - based eating .
The north magnetic pole is moving at 37 miles - a - year toward Russia , which means they 're stealing it .
Or the Earth 's core is fluxing .
Actually , nobody really knows what 's happening .
I just hope it's not a prelude to a catastrophic magnetic shift .
Advertisement
Arnaud Chulliat — geophysicist at the Institut de Physique du Globe de Paris — says that there 's a mysterious magnetic plume that is pushing the north pole at an increasing speed .
The plume comes from deep in the Earth 's core , says Chulliat , which is believed to be made of iron , with molten rock spinning around like a dynamo .
This is what creates Earth 's magnetic field .
I have to admit that these theories sound a lot more logic that my theory of a malfunction in the giant sphere that powers our home planet — the one full of gargantuan unobtanium - powered machines created by Atlantis ' scientists in 20,000 BC — but whatever .
Meanwhile , regular scientists have evidence that the Earth 's magnetic field flips every 300,000 years .
The problem here is that 780,000 years have passed since the last polarity change , which means that a new shift could be imminent .
There 's proof that the field 's strength is falling down at a very fast rate over the last two hundred years , a fact that has lead some experts to believe it could disappear completely over the next 1,000 years before it flips .
Other boffins believe that this is just a fluctuation in the field .
Advertisement
If the first theory finally happens , the whole process will have catastrophic consequences to human civilization and nature .
Without a magnetic field , nothing will protect us against space radiation .
The weather will go completely gaga , and the Sun will fry all our communications and navigation services , not to talk about all of us .
At the same time , countless migrational species will get lost , affecting food chains and causing mayhem through the entire planet .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Fun , huh ?
But fret not , my dear Earthlings , as this may not be related to the acceleration of the pole movement .
We only know two things for sure : First , the magnetic north pole has been moving since it was first recorded .
Around 1904 it was moving northeastward at 9 miles a year , accelerating in 1989 until it reached its current 34 to 37 miles a year speed in 2007 .
Chulliat says that it 's difficult to forecast when the pole will arrive to Russia , if it finally does .
Second , they need to adjust the maps orientation .
Whatever the case is , this is yet another reminder that life may be even shorter than it already is , so stop surfing the web now , go out , and enjoy it .
[ National Geographic ]
In an unlikely — and perhaps tenuous — alliance , conservationists and the palm oil industry met this week to draw up plans to save Asia ’s last great ape , the orangutan .
As if to underscore the colloquium ’s importance , delegates on arriving in the Malaysian State of Sabah found the capital covered in a thick and strange fog caused by the burning of rainforests and peat lands in neighboring Kalimantan .
After two days of intensive meetings the colloquium adopted a resolution which included the acquisition of land for creating wildlife buffer zones of at least 100 meters along all major rivers , in addition to corridors for connecting forests .
Researchers said such corridors were essential if orangutans were to have a future in Sabah .
Young orangutan in Sabah .
Photo by : Rhett A. Butler .
“ This has to be the way the way forward to restore or allow reversion of forests along riverbanks , ” John Payne with WWF - Malaysia said .
If the corridors , both connecting forests and alongside rivers , are implemented this will prove a huge success for conservationists and a vital step forward in saving the last remaining — and still declining — populations of orangutans in Malaysia .
Such action would also represent a seismic shift in the palm oil industry ’s quest to repair a long - battered reputation due to large - scale deforestation in Malaysia and Indonesia .
Sponsored by the Malaysian Palm Oil Council ( MPOC ) , the Bornean Conservation Trust , and the local conservation organization HUTAN , the meeting provided a rare venue for government officials to have drinks with primatologists , and palm oil entrepreneurs to share a meal with conservationists .
The call for conservationists and palm oil industry to work together
At times frustrations between the palm oil industry and environmentalists rose to the surface as when a member of Greenpeace SEAsia told the crowd that neither his organization nor he , himself , could approve of any deforestation .
However , most of the meeting was conciliatory as members from all sides strove to find common ground .
Palm oil plantation in Malaysia .
Photo by : Rhett A. Butler .
“ This colloquium throws a challenge to all concerned stakeholders in the palm oil industry , primatologists and ecologists included , on finding ways to develop the palm oil industry in a symbiotic and mutually beneficial relationship with the environment , ” the chairman of the Malaysian Palm Oil Council ( MPOC ) , Dato ’ Lee Yeow Chor , told the audience .
“ I ’d like to call for companies and NGOs and palm oil to get close together , get off your high horses about what should not be done [… ] but try to find some middle ground for where we can constructively move forward , ” said Erik Meijaard with the Nature Conservancy , Indonesia .
Meijaard works with a population of orangutans that has continued to survive despite part of the habitat being a paper plantation
Wildlife veterinarian and researcher , Marc Ancrenaz led the call for cooperation : “ It ’s high time to stop polarizing this debate .
The oil palm industry is going to stay , there ’s no point in fighting against development . ”
He added “ we need to look for a solution ” to save orangutans .
Orangutans caught in a sea of plantations
Ancrenaz and the local organization HUTAN , of which he is a co-founder , was one of the major driving forces behind the meeting .
Recent aerial surveys , funded in part by the palm oil industry , discovered orangutans living in small forest patches hemmed in on all sides by plantations .
According to Ancrenaz , they are probably transient individuals looking for new territory .
Orangutans face many hazards in oil palm plantations .
Workers have been known to kill the apes because they can damage the pricey crop , as well orangutans may starve to death due to lack of food sources .
Orangutans in Kalimantan .
Photo by : Rhett A. Butler .
“ Oil palm plantations looks like forest , seem like forest , but they are not forest , ” Ancrenaz told the delegation .
Studies have shown that biodiversity falls by 80 percent when forest is converted into oil palm plantation .
The industry currently covers 1.4 million hectares of Sabah alone , over 18 percent of the state ’s total land .
Chairman of MPOC , Dato ’ Lee Yeow Chor , agreed that orangutans need help .
“ There is a huge responsibility on the shoulders of the State Government and the Malaysian palm oil industry to find the ideal balance in meeting and achieving the needs of the people while ensuring healthy co-existence with the orangutans , ” he said .
A new palm oil industry ?
During the colloquium oil palm delegates appeared to vacillate between conciliatory acknowledgement of environmental problems and passionately defending their industry from any criticism .
Tan Sri Bernard Dompok , the Minister of Plantation Industries and Commodities , called allegations by NGOs “ vastly unfounded ” , saying that “ palm oil is [ … ] singled out as one of the primary causes of deforestation , depletion of biodiversity , and the displacement of endangered species such as the orangutan [ … ]
I wish to stress that all these allegations are unjustified ” .
However , a study in Conservation Letters found that 55 - 59 percent of palm oil plantations in Malaysia built between 1990 and 2009 occurred on forested land .
In all it has been estimated that in Sabah alone forest cover declined by nearly 90 percent from 1975 - 1995 , likely due to both logging and oil palm .
Palm oil plantation and rainforest in Malaysian Borneo .
Photo by : Rhett A. Butler .
Other industry speakers touted the benefits of palm oil .
As the world ’s highest yielding oil crop , oil palm has yields that vastly outperform corn , soy , or rapeseed , providing more food per hectare by ten to twenty times as much .
It also has a better carbon balance than rapeseed or soy , but only if not grown over forests or peat land .
The CEO of MPOC , Tan Sri Datuk Dr. Yusof Basiron argued that oil palm was responsible for poverty alleviation in the region .
However , one local conservationist said that plantation workers — who are largely immigrant Indonesians in Sabah — are paid so little they are practically forced to hunt in the forests for meat .
Although meant for deer their snares sometimes catch and mortally wound Bornean elephants , sunbears , and even the elusive Bornean rhino , one of the most endangered mammals in the world .
There is no doubt , however , that the oil palm industry has brought a lot of revenue to the region .
In 2008 oil palm brought in 64.8 billion RM in exports ( around 18.7 billion US dollars ) for all of Malaysia and in Sabah a sizeable portion of the state ’s revenue comes from taxes levied on oil palm plantations .
Despite the bullish arguments from some in the palm oil industry , many industry speakers appeared wearied by the constant attacks from environmental organizations for deforestation , biodiversity loss , and carbon emissions .
“ I ’m not claiming any success here , ” Basiron said of whether or not palm oil industry should be called ‘ responsible ’ or ‘ sustainably managed ’ , adding that “ this is something we can debate ” .
Regarding deforestation , Basiron said the palm oil industry “ can take some of the blame , but not all of it . ”
But Basiron added palm oil was necessary to feed the world , saying “ it ’s not our fault the population is increasing . ”
He said there was pressure to produce even more palm oil for global consumption : approximately 10 percent of palm oil is used for nonfood products , such as soaps and cosmetics .
Oil palm seed .
Photo by : Rhett A. Butler .
MPOC Chairman
Chor admitted that “ biodiversity and wildlife protection has been one issue where the oil palm industry finds itself in unfamiliar territory ; after all we are planters , who do what we do best — to increase yield while adhering to the regulations of the country , ”
The increasing pressure on the oil palm industry to address environmental issues appeared to be having an effect , as the industry ’s spokespeople stated repeatedly that they were open to implementing new conservation measures and supporting , including with financial backing , new initiatives .
“ The industry wants to be part of the efforts that not only show concern for the environment , but in fact actually take an active part in its conservation , ” Chor said .
Such criticism has only become louder recently .
This year advertisements in England which touted palm oil as ‘ sustainable ’ were banned by British Advertising Standards Association for making misleading claims .
Several western companies have begun dropping palm oil altogether , including LUSH cosmetics and Cadbury New Zealand .
But perhaps the biggest move came from the World Bank when it suspended lending to palm oil companies last month due to concerns about environmental and social issues .
These many recent actions may be one reason why the palm oil industry was keen to say it was fully behind any efforts to aid the orangutan , even if it meant losing significant chunks of land by government acquisition .
“ I will support the effort to provide a corridor , even to acquire land compulsorily because this is in order to make our agriculture and tourism industry sustainable , ” Dompock , the Minister of the Plantation Industry and Commodities , pledged to members of the press .
A new day ?
Not everyone was convinced by the palm oil industry ’s speeches .
“ My very cynical view of the whole event is another publicity stunt for MPOC [ the Malaysian Palm Oil Council ] , ” one anonymous conservationist said before the meeting commenced .
“ I just really doubt that there ’s an ounce of sincerity in the organization ” .
Orangutan in Borneo .
Photo by : Rhett A. Butler .
They were not alone : many expressed concern that the palm oil industry would say one thing , but do another .
In fact , a lot of participants invited from the palm oil industry were no -shows and most of those that did appear ducked out early , missing the sessions where detailed plans were drawn up .
The ones that stayed , however , were instrumental in writing the document agreed on by the entire assembly .
Despite the absence of many in the industry , locally the meeting was seen as a success before it even finished .
On the morning of the second day , the Borneo Post published an article that covered the front page announcing that government officials were supporting the acquisition of land for wildlife corridors .
That afternoon , following hours of deliberation , Datuk Masidi Manjun , Minister of Tourism , Culture , and Environment , accepted the assembly ’s recommendations and promised to move quickly on them .
By the meeting ’s end the fog had lifted around Sabah allowing one to see , for the first time , the forested hills cradling the capital .
At the same time , participants spoke of feeling cautious optimism that a new day was dawning for conservation efforts in South East Asia .
Only time will tell if the palm oil industry will stand by its pledges and give the plans to create wildlife corridors their full backing , allowing local government agencies to go ahead without obstruction .
If they do , the meeting could prove the beginning of a new and more cordial relationship between conservationists and the palm oil industry , if not then it will be another speech - filled assembly where pledges and promises ultimately fall flat .
Related articles
Could agroforestry solve the biodiversity crisis and address poverty ? , an interview with Shonil Bhagwat
( 09/24/2009 )
With the world facing a variety of crises : climate change , food shortages , extreme poverty , and biodiversity loss , researchers are looking at ways to address more than one issue at once by revolutionizing sectors of society .
One of the ideas is a transformation of agricultural practices from intensive chemical - dependent crops to mixing agriculture and forest , while relying on organic methods .
The latter is known as agroforestry or land sharing — balancing the crop yields with biodiversity .
Shonil Bhagwat , Director of MSc in Biodiversity , Conservation and Management at the School of Geography and the Environment , Oxford , believes this philosophy could help the world tackle some of its biggest problems .
Palm oil both a leading threat to orangutans and a key source of jobs in Sumatra
( 09/24/2009 )
Of the world ’s two species of orangutan , a great ape that shares 96 percent of man ’s genetic makeup , the Sumatran orangutan is considerably more endangered than its cousin in Borneo .
Today there are believed to be fewer than 7,000 Sumatran orangutans in the wild , a consequence of the wildlife trade , hunting , and accelerating destruction of their native forest habitat by loggers , small - scale farmers , and agribusiness .
Gunung Leuser National Park in North Sumatra is one of the last strongholds for the species , serving as a refuge among paper pulp concessions and rubber and oil palm plantations .
While orangutans are relatively well protected in areas around tourist centers , they are affected by poorly regulated interactions with tourists , which have increased the risk of disease and resulted in high mortality rates among infants near tourist centers like Bukit Lawang .
Further , orangutans that range outside the park or live in remote areas or on its margins face conflicts with developers , including loggers , who may or may not know about the existence of the park , and plantation workers , who may kill any orangutans they encounter in the fields .
Working to improve the fate of orangutans that find their way into plantations and unprotected community areas is the Orangutan Information Center ( OIC ) , a local NGO that collaborates with the Sumatran Orangutan Society ( SOS ) .
Britain bans palm oil ad campaign
( 09/09/2009 ) Britain ’s Advertising Standards Authority ( ASA ) , a group that regulates advertisements , has again banned “ misleading ” ads by the palm oil industry , reports the Guardian .
ASA ruled that a campaign run by the Malaysian Palm Oil Council ( MPOC ) makes dubious claims , including that palm oil is the “ only product able to sustainably and efficiently meet a larger portion of the world ’s increasing demand for oil crop - based consumer goods , foodstuffs and biofuels . ”
The ad said criticism over “ rampant deforestation and unsound environmental practices ” were part of “ protectionist agendas ” not based on scientific fact .
ASA held the ad breached several of its advertising standards codes , including “ substantiation , ” “ truthfulness , ” and “ environmental claims . ”
In rebuking the MPOC , the ASA said that the merits of new eco-certification scheme promoted by the palm oil industry is “ still the subject of debate ” and that the ad ’s attacks on detractors implied that all criticisms of the palm oil industry “ were without a valid or scientific basis . ”
World Bank ’s IFC suspends lending to palm oil companies
( 09/09/2009 ) The World Bank has agreed to suspend International Finance Corporation ( IFC ) funding of the oil palm sector pending the development of safeguards to ensure that lending does n’t cause social or environmental harm , according to a letter by World Bank President Robert Zoellick to NGOs .
A recent internal audit found that IFC funding of the Wilmar Group , a plantation developer , violated the IFC ’s own procedures , allowing commercial concerns to trump environmental and social standards .
The findings were championed by environmental and indigenous rights ’ groups who have criticized World Bank support for industrial oil palm development which they say has driven large - scale destruction of forests in Indonesia , boosting greenhouse gas emissions , endangering rare and charismatic species of wildlife , including the orangutan , and displacing forest communities .
46 rescued orangutans returned to the wild by helicopter in Borneo
( 09/05/2009 ) The Borneo Orangutan Survival Foundation ( BOSF ) has successfully released 46 orangutans back into the wild .
The orangutans had been rescued from forest fragments and housed for months at the Nyaru Menteng Rescue and Reintroduction Project in Central Kalimantan until suitable — and secure — habitat was located .
The release site is a section of rainforest in the upper Barito region of Central Kalimantan , within the Heart of Borneo .
20,000 orangutans killed or poached in 10 years without a single prosecution
( 08/24/2009 )
At least 20,000 orangutans have been killed or captured for the illegal pet trade in the past ten years in Indonesia without a single prosecution , according to a report published by Nature Alert and the Centre for Orangutan Protection , groups that campaign on behalf of orangutans .
Rehabilitation not enough to solve orangutan crisis in Indonesia
( 08/20/2009 ) A baby orangutan ambles across the grass at the Borneo Orangutan Survival Foundation ’s Nyaru Menteng rehabilitation center in Central Kalimantan , in the heart of Indonesian Borneo .
The ape pauses , picks up a stick and makes his way over to a plastic log , lined with small holes .
Breaking the stick in two , he pokes one end into a hole in an effort to extract honey that has been deposited by a conservation worker .
His expression shows the tool ’s use has been fruitful .
But he is not alone .
To his right another orangutan has turned half a coconut shell into a helmet , two others wrestle on the lawn , and another youngster scales a papaya tree .
There are dozens of orangutans , all of which are about the same age .
Just outside the compound , dozens of younger orangutans are getting climbing lessons from the Borneo Orangutan Survival Foundation ( BOS ) staff , while still younger orangutans are being fed milk from bottles in a nearby nursery .
Still more orangutans — teenagers and adults — can be found on “ Orangutan Island ” beyond the center ’s main grounds .
Meanwhile several recently wild orangutans sit in cages .
This is a waiting game .
BOS hopes to eventually release all of these orangutans back into their natural habitat — the majestic rainforests and swampy peatlands of Central Kalimantan , on the island of Borneo .
But for many , this is a fate that may never be realized .
World Bank violated environmental rules in lending to palm oil companies , finds internal audit
( 08/18/2009 ) A coalition of indigenous rights ’ organizations and green groups is calling on the World Bank ’s International Finance Corporation ( IFC ) to suspend lending to oil palm plantation developers over revelations by its own internal auditors that the loan - making entity failed to follow its own procedures for protecting against social and environmental abuses .
Cadbury dumps palm oil after consumer protests
( 08/17/2009 ) Cadbury New Zealand , responding to widespread consumer protests , will stop adding palm oil to its milk chocolate products , reports the New Zealand Herald .
The candy - maker substituted palm oil and other vegetable fat for cocoa butter earlier this year .
The company cited cost savings for the decision , but the move triggered outcry from environmental groups who blame palm oil production for destruction of rainforests across Indonesia and Malaysia , key habitat for orangutans and other endangered species .
Concerns that Cadbury chocolate could be imperiling orangutans led the Auckland Zoo and others to ban Cadbury products .
Meanwhile consumers swamped the company with letters and petitions protesting its use of palm oil .
Issues around palm oil development prove complex , controversial
( 08/12/2009 ) A new report from published by the Center for International Forestry Research ( CIFOR ) highlights the benefits — and controversies — of large - scale expansion of oil palm agriculture in Southeast Asia .
The review , titled “ The impacts and opportunities of oil palm in Southeast Asia :
What do we know and what do we need to know ? ” , notes that while oil palm is a highly productive and profitable crop , there are serious concerns about its environmental and social impact when established on disputed land or in place of tropical forests and peatlands .
LUSH cosmetics launches campaign against palm oil
( 08/10/2009 ) LUSH Cosmetics , a leading cosmetics - maker , will no longer use palm oil due to environmental concerns over its production .
LUSH , which is now selling a palm oil - free soap , has launched a two - pronged campaign to make consumers aware of the impacts of palm cultivation on tropical forests and encourage other consumer - products companies , including Procter & Gamble , Unilever and Nestle , to reformulate their products using alternatives to palm oil .
Limit palm oil development to lands that store less than 40 tons of carbon / ha – study
( 08/06/2009 )
A new study finds oil palm plantations store less carbon than previously believed , suggesting that palm oil produced through the conversion of tropical forests carries a substantial carbon debt .
Palm oil companies trade plantation concessions for carbon credits from forest conservation
( 07/22/2009 ) Indonesian palm oil producers are eying forest conservation projects as a way to supplement earnings via the nascent carbon market , reports Reuters .
China to support greener palm oil
( 07/15/2009 ) China - based producers and users of palm oil said they will provide more support for sustainable palm oil , reports WWF .
The move could boost efforts to reduce the environmental impacts of the world ’s most productive oilseed .
Auckland Zoo bans Cadbury chocolate due to palm oil content
( 07/12/2009 ) Auckland Zoo has pulled Cadbury chocolates from its shops and restaurants following the candy maker ’s decision to start adding palm oil to its chocolates , reports the Sunday Star Times .
The zoo is also removing other products that contain palm oil , due to concerns that its production is driving rainforest destruction across Southeast Asia , putting orangutans and other species at risk .
Cadbury said it made the change to palm oil for economic reasons .
Palm oil , described as “ vegetable fat ” on its packaging , is cheaper than cocoa butter .
Multinational corporation continues destruction of orangutan habitat in Indonesia
( 07/09/2009 )
A coalition of environmental groups stepped up efforts to stop Astra Agro Lestari ( AAL ) , an Indonesian palm oil company , from continuing to clear orangutan habitat in Aceh province , Indonesia .
Failure to support greener palm oil may lead industry to abandon environmental measures
( 07/08/2009 ) Consumer apathy towards eco-certified palm oil have undermined efforts to improve the environmental performance of the industry , a top industry official told Reuters .
Malaysian palm oil chief claims oil palm plantations help orangutans
( 06/18/2009 ) Dr. Yusof Basiron , CEO of the Malaysian Palm Oil Council , the government - backed marketing arm of the Malaysian palm oil industry , claims on his blog that endangered orangutans benefit from living in proximity to oil palm plantations .
Environmentalists scoff at the notion , maintaining that oil palm expansion is one of the greatest threats to orangutans .
Peatlands conversion for oil palm a ‘ monumental mistake ’ for Indonesia ’s long - term prosperity , sustainability
( 06/04/2009 ) Indonesia ’s decision earlier this year to allow conversion of up to 2 million hectares of peatlands for oil palm plantations is “ a monumental mistake ” for the country ’s long - term economic prosperity and sustainability , argues an editorial published in the June issue of Frontiers in Ecology and the Environment .
Orangutan guerrillas fight palm oil in Borneo
( 06/01/2009 ) Despite worldwide attention and concern , prime orangutan habitat across Sumatra and Borneo continues to be destroyed by loggers and palm oil developers , resulting in the death of up to 3,000 orangutans per year ( of a population less than 50,000 ) .
Conservation groups like Borneo Orangutan Survival report rescuing record numbers of infant orangutans from oil palm plantations , which are now a far bigger source of orphaned orangutans than the illicit pet trade .
The volume of orangutans entering care centers is such that these facilities are running out of room for rescued apes , with translocated individuals sometimes waiting several months until suitable forest is found for reintroduction .
Even then they are n’t safe ; in recent months loggers have started clearing two important reintroduction sites ( forests near Bukit Tigapuluh National Park in Sumatra and Mawas in Central Kalimantan ) .
Meanwhile across half a dozen rehabilitation centers in Malaysia and Indonesia , more than 1,000 baby orangutans — their mothers killed by oil palm plantation workers or in the process of forest clearing — are being trained by humans for hopeful reintroduction into the wild , assuming secure habitat can be found .
Dismayed by the rising orangutan toll , a grassroots organization in Central Kalimantan is fighting back .
Led by Hardi Baktiantoro , the Center for Orangutan Protection ( COP ) has mounted a guerrilla - style campaign against companies that are destroying orangutan habitat in Kalimantan , the Indonesian part of Borneo .
Orangutan population in Borneo park plunges 90 % in 5 years
( 05/16/2009 )
The population of orangutans in Indonesia ’s Kutai National Park has plunged by 90 percent in the past five years due to large - scale deforestation promoted by local authorities , reports The Centre for Orangutan Protection ( COP ) , an Indonesian environmental group .
Consumers show no interest in eco-certified palm oil ; WWF threatens naming and shaming campaign
( 05/13/2009 ) Lack of interest in eco-certified palm oil among buyers threatens to undermine efforts to improve the environmental performance of the industry , reports the World Wildlife Fund ( WWF ) .
Environmental campaign blocks palm oil project in Cote d’ Ivoire wetland
( 04/25/2009 ) Environmentalists have thwarted plans to establish an oil palm plantation in the Tanoe forest wetlands of southern Cote d’ Ivoire ( Ivory Coast ) , reports AFP .
Can carbon credits from REDD compete with palm oil ?
( 03/30/2009 ) Reducing emissions from deforestation and degradation ( REDD ) is increasingly seen as a compelling way to conserve tropical forests while simultaneously helping mitigate climate change , preserving biodiversity , and providing sustainable livelihoods for rural people .
But to become a reality REDD still faces a number of challenges , not least of which is economic competition from other forms of land use .
In Indonesia and Malaysia , the biggest competitor is likely oil palm , which is presently one of the most profitable forms of land use .
Oil palm is also spreading to other tropical forest areas including the Brazilian Amazon .
Paul Waugh appear to have uncovered evidence of soon - to - be - ex - Tory MP David Wilshire having an Alan Duncan - style foot - in - mouth moment …
As if things were n’t bad enough already for David Wilshire , here comes what looks like more trouble .
A group of journalism students say that they interviewed him during a trip to Parliament this week – coincidentally just before yesterday ’s Telegraph splash effectively did for his career .
The students say that Wilshire came up with the following quotes ( which have a strange echo of Alan Duncan ’s ‘ rations ’ complaint ) during a mock press conference :
“ I work 60 - 70 hours a week some weeks .
When you look at what I earn over the year , it comes dangerously close to working out as the minimum wage ” .
With many MPs feeling they have been unfairly treated by Sir Thomas Legg , he reportedly added :
“ Is it fair to drive someone perilously close to a nervous breakdown or suicide over a packet of biscuits ?
… What ’s happening at the moment is like being told your salary is £ 20,000 a year and you earn that much for five years .
“ Then after that time someone says to you actually , sorry , we made a mistake , you ’re not supposed to be on £ 20,000 you ’re on £ 15,000 – so can you pay back the extra £ 5000 a year over the next five years .
You ’d be pretty annoyed would n’t you ? ”
Gardai smashed a major sale and distribution network for deadly samurai swords when a series of lightning raids uncovered a massive horde of 7,000 of the weapons .
Two Chinese men later presented themselves to gardai for interview .
They were released and a file is now being prepared for the Director of Public Prosecutions .
The swords were in small boxes which were packed inside larger cardboard boxes .
Some boxes had " China " printed on the sides as well as Chinese characters .
Gardai made their move last Monday and swooped on a number of premises in the north inner city area of Dublin .
The operation was carried out by gardai in the Bridewell station .
The raids were launched by members from the Crime Prevention Unit , backed up by the District Detective Unit , Divisional Crime Task Force and the Neighbourhood Policing Unit .
Acting on intelligence information gardai got search warrants for their target buildings .
But it was when they raided one particular premises in the Smithfield area of the city that they hit the jackpot .
Gardai could hardly believe the size of the huge horde of swords that were stored inside .
The majority of the weapons were found in the one building .
A number of air rifles were also seized .
A garda spokesman confirmed that two men , in their 20s , were interviewed at the Bridewell garda station and later released .
The discovery of the samurai swords was one of the biggest ever seizure of the weapons .
The garda investigation is ongoing .
Irish Independent
The GOP is in big trouble and as always , they can't win on their policies so they must resort to deceptive tactics to give the appearance of support from average Americans .
The astroturfed town hall attacks are beginning to get out of control and it's time for normal , sane people to push back against this attack on Democracy .
Below is a list of scheduled town hall meetings held by Democratic politicians , courtesy of Jane Hamsher at Firedoglake .
There you will find tips on finding , promoting , preparing for and documenting these town hall events .
Please find one near you and attend if you can , it 's vital that we push back against these staged attacks and return some sanity to the town hall process -- and possibly save health care reform in the process .
If any C&L'ers know of any local or regional events they would like to share , please leave them in the comments section .
Also , please read Don Briggs ' post at Daily Kos to find best practices that have worked so far in shutting down the teabagging - deather - birther - astroturfer attacks at town hall events .
The minute hand has just ticked past 11 a.m .
Thea glances at her cellphone , then at the door leading into the busy coffee shop .
A woman enters , but not the right one .
" She 's late , " says Thea , dipping a spoon into her latte and giving it a slow stir .
" She probably wo n't come . "
Thea is waiting to meet a stranger she met on the Internet , a tall woman with long , brown hair who is selling something Thea desperately wants : fertile human eggs .
At 39 , and after four years of failed fertility treatments and false pregnancy tests , Thea , who asked for anonymity , is still trying to have a baby .
In May , her doctor told her and her husband that they were running out of options .
Their last hope , he said , was to use eggs from another woman 's ovaries .
However , finding an egg donor in Canada is fraught with difficulties .
Current laws make it illegal to buy human eggs , and the number of couples who are looking for altruistic donors far exceeds the number of women willing to give away their eggs for free .
But as with any prohibition , a ban has not halted the trade of human eggs .
A black market is booming in Toronto .
Every day , women post want ads for eggs on free Internet classified sites , including Craigslist and Kijiji .
Others offer their eggs for cash , listing their facial features and other traits as if they were selling used cars or antique crockery .
And – despite the threat of a $ 250,000 fine and a five - year jail sentence from the federal governing body , Assisted Human Reproduction Canada – little is being done about it .
Doctors , lawyers , fertility experts and frustrated would - be parents are asking why Canada bans the purchase of eggs if there is no intent to enforce the laws .
As they stand , critics say , Canada 's assisted human reproduction laws are hurting the same people they are supposed to protect .
Four months into the search , Thea is increasingly bewildered by the process of finding an egg donor .
There must , she says , be a better way to find the other half of her baby 's DNA .
The Mississauga woman has no friends or family to ask for donated eggs , and she and her husband can't afford the $ 20,000 it would take to go to the U.S. to buy eggs , where it is legal to pay for them .
Thea 's fertility doctor said she should look for eggs online .
He told her not to offer more than $ 3,000 , an amount he said could be argued as payment for reasonable expenses , which is allowed under the act .
He then asked Thea to return to the clinic once an arrangement was made .
" I can't believe I 'm doing this , " she says .
" I do n't know what to look for , what questions to ask .
It 's not like I 'm looking for someone to babysit my child .
I 'm looking for someone to help me create my child . "
FIVE YEARS AGO , the Assisted Human Reproduction
Act made it illegal to buy eggs , sperm and embryos in Canada .
Legislators had hoped an outright ban on the purchase of these human gametes would prevent the commodification and commercialization of human life .
But almost everyone in the fertility community says the legislation , in which altruism is supposed to trump capitalism , is unrealistic .
" The laws are trying to enforce a moral vision on a society that does not share it , " says Bernard Dickens , professor emeritus of health law and policy at the University of Toronto .
" Of course women are going online to search for ovum .
What other choice do they have ? "
Dickens draws comparisons between the ban on payment for human eggs and previous prohibitions on reproductive technologies , including abortion .
" We 've come out of criminalizing and punishing people who do n't want to have children , " he says .
" Now we are doing the same – criminalizing and punishing people – who do want to have children .
" These are not wicked people who are trying to shake the foundations of society .
They are infertile people , usually couples of so - called advanced maternal age , who want to have children . "
Doctors , fertility experts and patient advocates are calling for a regulated market for human gametes that would protect both donors and recipients .
Right now , they say , Canada 's fertility laws are out of step with the practical care of patients .
Women and couples who have been told egg donation is their only option for infertility are shocked at being forced outside the clinic for part of their care .
They call the process of finding an egg donor intimidating and emotionally draining .
They are upset they can no longer opt for an anonymous donation through a clinic - run program .
And they are afraid they will be duped by sophisticated sellers .
Egg sellers , beguiled by the prospect of easy cash to pay off student loans or to start a business , are also at risk in Canada 's underground egg market .
Whether an altruistic donor or a seller , women intending to pass along their eggs must first take drugs to stop menstruating and to stimulate their ovaries .
In rare cases , those medications cause ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome , a condition that can have life - threatening complications , including blood clots and kidney failure .
The long - term health effects of repeated ovarian stimulation are unknown , which has prompted some fertility groups , including the American Fertility Association , to recommend that a woman 's eggs be harvested no more than four times in her lifetime – something that cannot be monitored when deals are made outside a regulated system .
And , beyond the immediate risks to egg donors and recipients , some experts wonder how children , whose conception stemmed from online deals , will feel about their origins as they grow up .
" You 're talking about 50 per cent of your future child 's DNA , " says Sherry Levitan , a Toronto lawyer specializing in third - party reproductive law .
" Forcing people to shop for each other online does not befit the gravity of what they are doing .
Certainly , we need to respect the process a little bit more . "
No one in Canada keeps track of the number of women and couples who need egg donors to conceive , but Dr. Ellen Greenblatt , clinical director of the Centre for Fertility and Reproductive Health at Mount Sinai Hospital , says the demand greatly exceeds supply .
" And there will be a need for more and more and more as people delay child - bearing and get into the issue of age - related decline of fertility , " she says .
According to the Canadian Fertility and Andrology Society , 405 women used donor eggs in 2007 as part of their infertility treatments .
But experts say that number represents a fraction of the women seeking donors .
Greenblatt sees at least two such women a week .
Yet because so few are able to find an egg donor , Greenblatt can only help about 10 women a year .
" Our program is purely a known - donor program , and that 's not easy to come by , " she says , noting almost all of her patients ask friends or family members to be donors .
From her view inside the clinic , Greenblatt says it is clear Canada 's reproductive laws were implemented without proof the concept would work .
" They did n't ask what the supply of donors would be if it was totally altruistic . "
THEA PLACED HER ad on Kijiji at the end of June .
It was simple , just a few lines , stating that she and her husband were in need of an egg donor to help them build their family .
The ideal person , it said , would be Caucasian , 5 - foot - 6 or taller , and in good health .
Within days ,
Thea started to get email responses .
Few of the replies were worth considering : some women were too short , others the wrong ethnicity , one woman was from California , and several were too weird to take seriously .
The woman
Thea has planned to meet at the coffee shop is tall , like her .
In their email exchange , the woman described her four children , sent pictures of herself , and said she wants to help other women get pregnant .
There was enough in the brief correspondence to spark hope that this stranger could be The One to help Thea have a baby .
But , along with hope ,
Thea feels disgust that her desire for a baby has brought her to a suburban coffee shop in Burlington .
" This should n't be up to me , " she says .
" They are sending me out for my own body parts .
I would n't go out looking for a liver if I needed one of those . "
At 15 minutes past 11 , Thea notices a woman standing in the doorway .
" That 's her , I think , " she says , and shyly waves the woman over .
The two shake hands , smile and sit down next to each other .
Their eyes are a similar purplish - blue .
Soon , the woman is chatting about her family and job , and pulling out photographs of her children .
Ten minutes later , she smoothly moves the conversation to egg donation .
A two - time donor , the woman , who has a warm smile and easygoing demeanour , is well versed in fertility terminology , reproductive technology and the legal ins - and - outs of exchanging eggs .
She wants to help other couples , she says , especially since she is so fertile .
Besides , she adds , it would be a waste for those extra cells to be flushed down the toilet every month .
It is a slick , sophisticated sales pitch , complete with a high price tag .
She tells
Thea that she would expect a " donor gift " of at least $ 7,900 , plus expenses – that 's what she got last time – but suggests $ 9,500 would be more appropriate , since she is a proven donor .
After an hour , the meeting fizzles to an end .
Thea says she wants to talk things over with her husband .
The woman stands up , shakes Thea's hand and walks to the door .
Thea waits for her to leave .
Then sighs .
" I do n't think I 'm going to find anyone this way , " she says .
Levitan , the Toronto lawyer , says women like Thea would have received more guidance and be better educated about the legal , medical and ethical complexities of egg donation under the old system , before assisted human reproduction laws were enacted in 2004 .
" Reputable clinics had programs that were run , in their mind , to the highest standard , " she says .
" Not only were the intended parents well taken care of , but the donor was taken care of .
Everyone 's needs were considered at every stage of the process . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Now , she adds , many of the women who go online are naive enough to think they 'll find an altruistic donor there .
" It 's really very sad to watch , " she says .
" They put their ad out with open hearts and sometimes the responses are quite materialistic .
Sometimes the responses are less than what they had hoped for .
" Some of them can see through the inappropriate responses very quickly , while others get led down the garden path . "
TAMMY ZUPO POSTED her ad on Kijiji on Sept. 21 .
The 32 - year - old did not include as many personal details as others who advertise their eggs online .
Her message was short , to the point .
" I am a proven egg donor , " it read .
" The couple that I helped out are now on the way to being parents .
I am a healthy young Caucasian woman willing to help another couple looking for their little miracle . "
Zupo , who has a toddler son of her own , is pretty with long blond hair and light blue eyes .
In the U.S. , where donors can be paid tens of thousands of dollars for their eggs , these would be desirable – and expensive – features .
The well - spoken Mississauga woman says she goes online to advertise her willingness to donate eggs because she wants others to feel the joy of being a parent .
She donated her eggs to a couple in July .
When the woman called to tell her she was pregnant , Zupo says she cried .
Later , she received a card and necklace from the couple .
" My experience with my son is my life , " she says .
" To me , nothing is more important .
I knew I could help these people . "
Zupo says she only asks for the family to pay for her medical care and travel expenses to and from the fertility clinic , as allowed under Canada 's fertility laws .
Other egg donors who were in contact with the Star said they were asking between $ 2,000 and $ 6,000 for their eggs .
Two women wanted money for school .
Another , to start a business .
And one woman wrote that she needed quick cash ; donating eggs seemed an easy way to pay her bills .
" None of this feels quite right , does it ? " says Levitan about the online egg trade .
In her practice she has seen the damage done by the most mercenary egg donors .
" There are a few who turn this into a lucrative prospect , " she says .
" They will be the first to respond ( to ads ) .
They know so much more about the process than the intended parents , so it is easy for them to take advantage of the intended parents .
Some ask for outrageous amounts of money .
Some ask for advances , and then do n't appear when and where they are supposed to ...
This has become very difficult for intended parents . "
Those in the fertility community agree that Canadian laws , which were supposed to prevent the commodification of life , have backfired .
What , they ask , is more commercial and more disrespectful of the origins of life than an underground Internet trade in human eggs ?
Critics say the government , via Assisted Human Reproduction Canada needs to enforce the laws – or amend them .
" You know it 's happening , so control it , " says Roger Pierson , professor of obstetrics , gynecology and reproductive science at the University of Saskatchewan and spokesperson for the Canadian Fertility and Andrology Society .
In an emailed response to questions , AHRC insisted that it is enforcing the Assisted Human Reproduction Act and its regulations .
" Each ( violation of the act ) has been fully investigated and appropriate action taken within the authority of the agency .
The specifics of any particular file cannot be disclosed , but the agency has acted at all times in accordance with its authority . "
But Pierson says no one in Canada has been prosecuted .
The agency asserts it conducts website monitoring to " ensure that Canadian websites dealing with assisted human reproduction subject matter are aware of the act and regulations as well as to ensure that any potentially non-compliant findings are addressed appropriately . "
But these actions are not stopping online deals from taking place .
Dr. Paul Claman , professor of obstetrics and gynecology at the University of Ottawa and medical director of the Ottawa Fertility Centre , the largest of its kind in Canada , argues there is no inherent moral conflict in paying individuals for an act of kindness .
" A doctor spends his whole life and vocation doing kindness for people , and no one begrudges a doctor for being paid for his time , " he says .
Claman and other fertility experts suggest that paying an egg donor a set fee – an amount that would not be considered coercive or payment for eggs , but a recognition of the time , inconvenience and medical risk – would weed out those who are doing it for the wrong reasons .
THEA IS STILL searching for an egg donor .
It has been six months since her doctor told her that she needed eggs from another woman 's ovaries to bear a child .
Her ad is still posted online , and she continues to meet with women at coffee shops around southern Ontario .
But , with each meeting and with each passing month , Thea's hope that a stranger can help her with her dream is dwindling .
TOMORROW : Phantom fathers
Read more about :
More on the news :
In an unprecedented defeat for the Federal Reserve , an amendment to audit the multi-trillion dollar institution was approved by the House Finance Committee with an overwhelming and bipartisan 43 - 26 vote on Thursday afternoon despite harried last - minute lobbying from top
Fed officials and the surprise opposition of Chairman Barney Frank ( D - Mass . ) , who had previously been a supporter .
A desperate , last - minute attempt to thwart the move came in the form of an amendment championed by Rep. Mel Watt ( D - N.C. ) and described by its supporters as more reasonable .
On Tuesday , however , the Huffington Post reported that , on a close reading , his amendment would in fact decrease transparency at the Fed by adding additional restrictions .
Backers of the Watt amendment pressed their case on Wednesday by sending a letter from a " political cross section of prominent economists " backing a measure like Watt's .
HuffPost reported , however , that those economists might well have be prominent , but they certainly are n't a " political cross section . "
Seven of the eight economists in question have extensive connections to the Fed -- and half of them are currently on the Fed payroll .
Those affiliations were not noted in the letter .
To make a long story short - Watt 's ' bullshit - let 's keep hiding everything the FED is doing amendment failed .
It does n't take a genius to figure out who the hell Watt is working with ( his friends on Wall Street and the FED ) .
But that did n't stop the FED 's own people putting their two cents in :
For anyone remaining confused , the debate was further clarified by the central bank itself : Federal Reserve Vice Chair Don Cohn and General Counsel Scott Alvarez spent much of the day calling committee members , urging them to oppose the Paul - Grayson ( RS 1207 ) amendment in favor of Watt's , a member of Congress who asked for confidentiality told HuffPost .
If you can believe it , the guys from the FED even went around placing a letter from former Fed chairmen Alan Greenspan and Paul Volcker on the seats of every committee member .
Such a move is in violation of House rules and Grayson was able to have the letters removed .
Alan Grayson noted the support of a letter written that included an unusual coalition of progressive economists , labor leaders , and bloggers has decided to fight back against Watt 's amendment that would allow the Federal Reserve to continue operating in secrecy .
The letter was organized by Fire - Dog Lake .
In a Thursday letter to the House Financial Services Committee , economists like Dean Baker and Rob Johnson , author Naomi Klein , and such labor luminaries as the AFL - CIO 's Richard Trumka and the SEIU 's Andy Stern , urged committee members to shoot down an amendment by Rep. Mel Watt ( D - N.C. ) that would essentially allow the Fed to keep the lights off while it throws money around .
" A vote for the Watt amendment is a vote for more secret bailouts , " the letter says .
The letter notes that during the financial crisis of the past two years , the Fed 's role has shifted from simply setting monetary policy via interest rates to rapidly acquiring " a wide variety of private assets and extend[ing ] massive secret bailouts to major financial institutions . "
Among those bailouts , critics argue , was the Fed 's funneling of cash to AIG counterparties .
Earlier this week , a government watchdog issued a blistering report that blamed the Federal Reserve for withholding details of its massive rescue of AIG last fall .
In particular , the report blamed the Federal Reserve for paying for botching its private negotiations regarding the price AIG 's rapidly souring derivatives investments , a secret move that cost taxpayers at least $ 13 billion .
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/...
What happened Barney ?
Did someone ' get to ya ? '
All along Barney Frank has been in complete support of this bill and now he goes all wizzy on it .
Here 's what Barney said not long ago about the FED :
Rep. Barney Frank ( D - Mass. ) , chairman of the House Financial Services Committee , told a Massachusetts audience at a recent town hall that the House will pass legislation this fall mandating a " complete audit " of the Federal Reserve .
" I want to restrict the power of the Fed in a number of ways , " said Frank in response to a question about the bill .
" They have had since 1932 ... the right to intervene in the economy almost whenever they " wanted to , Frank said , noting that the Fed relied on its extraordinary lending power to forward billions to financial institutions last fall .
He intends to curtail that lending power , he said .
" Finally we will subject them to a complete audit , " he said .
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/...
I do n't know what the heck is going on with Barney , but when he did a 180 and decided against the Grayson Amendment to put the kibosh on the Watt Amendment 15 Democrats ' bucked Barney ' big time , and went with Grayson .
Here is Representative Grayson during this unprecedented action on the Federal Reserve today :
This vote was a bi-partisan vote , as I repeat is the issue at hand .
Some may argue ( as the Federal Reserve does , and has for years ) that the ' Independence of the Federal Reserve ' must be continued in order to keep the Federal Reserve free of ' political pressure , to maintain their impartiality and of course be free of what might be considered favoritism .
If we have learned anything from this financial meltdown it is that not only is the Federal Reserve an arm of Wall Street and the Bankers , but that regardless of its so called independence , the Federal Reserve still has a responsibility to the American people and taxpayers .
It is Congress who supposedly controls the purse strings , but it is in fact the Federal Reserve who actually controls the nation 's money supply .
Our Democracy was built on checks and balances throughout the three branches of the government .
In our financial sectors , because of what has occurred in our financial markets and Wall Street , we are facing perhaps the greatest corruption our nation has ever encountered .
The Federal Reserve is not the CIA , the Federal Reserve is accountable to the taxpayers of our country and it is long past time to shed light on the darkness behind the ' Iron Curtain ' of those that control our nation 's money supply and refuse to answer questions that we have the right to know .
A little known fact :
Did you know that we are paying the Federal Reserve over 800 billion dollars a year in interest alone ?
I support both the HR 1207 and S604 and I guess this video says it all for me for Bernie Sanders S604 Sunshine on the Federal Reserve Bill that now has 30 co sponsors in the Senate :
Thanks for your interests and comments .
Once again , this is not a partisan issue .
This is an American issue , and we must take a ' sane ' and meaningful financial policy in our nation , because those that are ' hiding in the shadows ' have brought us where we are today , and they can no longer be trusted to have our best interests at heart .
The ' financial meltdown that has left this nation looking a third world nation ' is the direct responsibility of who has controlled our nation 's money supply and we need change desperately .
Thanks .
UPDATE : I appreciate your comments and suggestions .
I will be sending a copy of this diary to Congressman Grayson 's office , once the diary has been completed and the comments are complete .
Let 's remember that Alan Grayson is conducting perhaps the most intensive search for the truth about what is going on in our financial markets and looking for those responsible for the ' financial meltdown ' that put 15.7 million people out of their jobs , their homes and stole their retirement and pension funds .
Americans want accountability , credibility and trust in their government again , and in particular in our financial sectors .
Ignoring the Federal Reserves ' part in what has taken place in the past several years will not solve the issues .
We need transparency and light in our Democracy that was founded on the principals of checks and balances .
In case you have n't already done so , here is Congressman Grayson 's Act Blue fund :
http://www.actblue.com/...
Australian economist Steve Keen has another blockbuster post on the dynamics of debt deflation and the Great Financial Collapse .
Please consider Debtwatch No 41 , December 2009 : 4 Years of Calling the GFC .
During a debt - driven financial bubble , which is the obvious precursor to a debt - deflation , rising levels of debt propel aggregate demand well above what it would otherwise be , leading to a boom in both the real economy and asset markets .
But this process also adds to the debt burden on the economy , especially when the debt is used to finance speculation on asset prices rather than to expand production–since this increases the debt burden without adding to productive capacity .
When debt levels rise too high , the process that Fisher described kicks in and economic actors go from willingly expanding their debt levels to actively trying to reduce them .
The change in debt then becomes negative , subtracting from aggregate demand–and the boom turns into a bust .
So could the global economy get out of the global financial crisis the same way it got out of the 1990s recession–by borrowing its way up ?
That ’s where the sheer level of debt becomes an issue–and it ’s why I stuck my neck out and called the GFC , because I simply did n’t believe that we could borrow our way out of trouble once more .
Debt did continue rising relative to GDP for several years after I called the GFC , but it has now reached levels that are simply unprecedented in human history .
For the “ borrowing our way out ” trick to work once more , we would need to reach levels of debt that would make today ’s records look like a picnic .
What are the odds that that could happen again ?
Australia and US Debt to GDP
Debt has little impact on demand when the debt to GDP ratio is low–such as in Australia in the 1960s , or the USA from the start of WWII till the early 60s .
But whenever the debt to GDP ratio becomes substantial , changes in debt come to dominate economic performance , as can be seen in the next two charts .
Debt vs. Inverted Unemployment Australia
Debt vs. Inverted Unemployment US
A “ schoolboy error ” ?
In 2008 I spoke at a seminar in Adelaide that was also addressed by Guy Debelle , an Assistant Governor ( Financial Markets ) of the RBA .
After my talk he commented that he could n’t understand why I compared debt to GDP , since that was comparing a stock to a flow .
In dynamic terms , the ratio of debt to GDP tells you how many years it would take to reduce debt to zero if all income was devoted to debt repayment .
That is an extremely valid indicator of the degree of financial stress a society ( or an individual ) is under .
I find that members of the general public understand this easily .
Only economists seem to have any trouble comprehending it –not because it is difficult but because their own training pays almost no attention to dynamic analysis , and therefore they do n’t learn–as systems engineers do–that stock / flow comparisons can be extremely important indicators of the state of a system .
Marching Ignorantly Forward
With such ignorance about the dynamics of debt , academic economists and Central Banks around the world are hoping that the crisis is behind them , even though the cause of it –excessive levels of private debt–has not been addressed .
They are recommending winding back the government stimulus packages in the belief that the economy can now return to normal after the disturbance of the GFC .
In fact “ normal ” for the last half century has been an unsustainable growth in debt , which has finally reached an apogee from which it will fall .
As it falls–by an unwillingness to lend by bankers and to borrow by businesses and households , by deliberate debt reductions , by default and bankruptcy –aggregate demand will be reduced well below aggregate supply .
The economy will therefore falter–and only regular government stimuli will revive it .
This however will be a Zombie Capitalism : the private sector ’s reductions in debt will counter the public sector ’s attempts to stimulate the economy via debt - financed spending .
Growth , if it occurs , will not be sufficiently high to prevent growing unemployment , and growth is likely to evaporate as soon as stimulus packages are removed .
The only sensible course is to reduce the debt levels .
As Michael Hudson argues , a simple dynamic is now being played out : debts that cannot be repaid , wo n’t be repaid .
The only thing we have to do is work out how that should occur .
Since the lending was irresponsibly extended by the financial sector to support Ponzi Schemes in shares and real estate , it is the lenders rather than the borrowers who should feel the pain –which is the exact opposite of the bailout mentality that dominates governments around the world .
Robbing the Poor to Bailout the Rich
benefit
Why Consumers Wo n't Borrow
control
charging banks a fee to keep excess reserves with the FED
Bernanke 's Flawed Model
Factors Affecting Banks ' Unwillingness To Lend
Rising unemployment will cause ...
Rising credit card defaults
Rising home equity loan defaults
Rising mortgage loan defaults
Rising commercial loan defaults
Excess Reserve Mirage
Factor in all of the upcoming defaults and much of those so called excess reserves are pure fantasy !
Bernanke Pleads For His Job
Bernanke :
The Fed played a major part in arresting the crisis , and we should be seeking to preserve , not degrade , the institution 's ability to foster financial stability and to promote economic recovery without inflation .
Mish :
Ben , you sound like an arsonist taking credit for helping put out a fire , before the fire is even out , after you lit the match and tossed on the gas in the first place .
For all the problems you have caused , do n't you at least have the decency to show a little humility ?
Stop Bernanke
Email From Yves Smith
Mish ,
Your post on Bernanke last night was terrific .
FYI , Bernanke 's confirmation hearing is this week .
Rallying your readers could make a difference .
The Internet effort that opposed the Watt amendment ( which would have neutered the Paul / Grayson bill ) worked .
The Watt amendment would have passed otherwise .
Tell Your Senator No On Bernanke has links to the committee members and a site that has a petition .
Please encourage your readers to call their senators .
Cheers ,
Yves
At the very least , please PHONE your own senators ASAP .
District council elections are already described as " off the table " because of a failure to draw up district boundaries .
Now the US and UK are understood to favour postponing the parliamentary poll , but several European nations are arguing the coalition must adhere to the Afghan constitution .
Arlington National Cemetery is a beautiful place , as it should be , but its grandeur can deceive .
To walk among the markers of those who died in wars is to confront the distance between war 's contradictory contingency and the absoluteness of the death of each one killed in war .
( Full article : 709 words )
This article is available in our archives : Globe Subscribers FREE for subscribers Subscribers to the Boston Globe get unlimited access to our archives .
Not a subscriber ?
Non-Subscribers Purchase an electronic copy of the full article .
Learn More $ 9.95 1 month archives pass
1 month archives pass $ 24.95 3 months archives pass
3 months archives pass $ 74.95 1 year archives pass
The other day we talked about how opponent color - coding can dramatically improve your online poker ROI because it addresses one of the most important and yet under - appreciated skills in poker :
Table selection , table selection , table selection
My opinion is that table selection is the single biggest factor influencing online poker results at any level .
All you have to do is read something like Table Selection and Variance 101 ( by well - known 6 - man SNG player Jared " jhub3000 " Hubbard ) to get a feel for the effort top players devote to table selection .
Now that you 're educated in variance , let 's move on to table selection .
A recent study was done to see how winning players effect your ROI .
Here 's how much each type of player lowers your ROI when they sit in your game : Good player : - 4.5 %
Decent player : - 2.8 %
Barely winning player : - 2 % We 'll assume we play $ 100 SNGs , in general I 'd say each type of player would have the following ROI range : Good player : 5 %+ , maybe 4 %
Decent player : 2 - 3 % , maybe 4 %
Barely winning player : 1 % Now you need to use judgement in assessing ROIs .
For one , there 's good players who practice poor table selection .
They might have a 2 % ROI at $ 100s , but actually lower your ROI 4.5 % .
We 'll assess some stats / player types & I 'll tell you how I think they would effect my ROI in a $ 100 turbo : Player 1 : 10,000 games , $ 250 avg. stake , 3 % ROI .... Without knowing how they play I 'd probably assume he lowers my ROI 4.5 % ... although his ROI is only 3 % he has a higher avg .
stake Player 2 : 500 games , $ 100 avg.
stake , 6 % ROI , has numerous glaring leaks .... this player might even be a losing player , depending on how bad those leaks are , but you do n't want to give your opponents too little of credit .... despite the ROI , he has a small sample size & glaring leaks ... I 'd put him as a 2 % ROI dropper
The exact numbers he quotes are irrelevant ; the point is that he 's even thinking in these terms in the first place .
Good players cost you a lot of money .
Even if they 're not as good as you .
Which of course is why color coding is so useful , and why I make a big deal about it : it helps you shun good players and follow bad ones .
And that means money in your pocket .
Automated Color Code Generation for Full Tilt
A regular player will face hundreds of thousands of opponents during his online poker career .
Obviously , manually color - coding each opponent is n't really feasible unless you start doing it from the beginning .
Even then , it 's a pain .
And what do you do a year down the road , when half of the players have changed their style ?
What 's needed is an automated color - coding tool .
We 'll build a ( very ) basic version of such a tool today .
Retrieve each player in your PokerTracker 3 or Hold 'em Manager database Calculate or retrieve a rating for each player Choose a color - code to represent that rating Inject the color code into the Full Tilt player notes file
For now we 'll limit the scope of our tool to Full Tilt , since it 's the only major venue that :
Stores color codes in an open , accessible format
Propagates color codes throughout the UI
But the same techniques should work in theory for other sites , when and if they add support for color coding .
The Player Ranking Algorithm
Needless to say , a color - coding system is only as good as the accuracy and consistency of its player ranking algorithm .
A sophisticated player ranking algorithm would take all of the following into account :
Historical winnings results from sites like Sharkscope , OPR , and PokerDB
Hand histories ( via PokerTracker or Hold 'em Manager etc. )
Any notes or flags set by the player
But since this is a proof of concept , and since most of the sites like Sharkscope and OPR expressly forbid external automation , for now we 'll use the PokerTracker 3 Auto - Rate feature to generate our player rankings :
It 's not an ideal solution , because PokerTracker can only rate opponents for whom you have a certain number of hand histories , but for demo purposes it 's fine .
We 'll associate each player rating with a Full Tilt color code using the stoplight color scheme discussed previously .
And of course , you can easily extend this " algorithm " to incorporate any data and / or color scheme you want .
The Code
I 've kept the ( C# ) code as simple as possible :
One class ( ColorCodeInjector )
One public method ( Inject )
In order to build and run the code , you 'll need to :
Backup your Full
Tilt player notes file !!!
Run the Auto - Rate feature inside PokerTracker
Install Npgsql , the .NET Data Provider for PostgreSQL
Change the portions of the code marked " TODO " to match your particular settings .
Here 's the ColorCodeInjector class in all its ugly , unrefactored glory .
// USE AT YOUR OWN RISK !!
DEVLIN WROTE THIS CODE .
using System ;
using System .
Data ;
using System.Xml ;
using Npgsql ;
namespace FTColorDemo
{
public class ColorCodeInjector
{
private static NpgsqlConnection _conn ;
public static void Inject ( )
{
// First , open the Full Tilt player notes file .
// TODO : replace this with the full path to your FT player notes file .
string filePath = @ " c: \Program Files\Full Tilt Poker\YourPlayerNameHere.xml " ;
XmlDocument doc = new XmlDocument ( ) ;
doc. Load ( filePath ) ;
XmlNode playerNotesNode = doc. GetElementsByTagName ( " NOTES " ) [ 0 ] ;
// Build the PostgreSQL connection string
// TODO : Below values are defaults .
You may need to change these on your system .
string server = " localhost " ;
string port = " 5432 " ;
string user = " postgres " ;
string password = " dbpass " ;
string database = " PT3 DB " ;
string connString = String .
Format ( " Server={0} ; Port={1} ; User Id={2};Password={3} ; " +
" Database={4};Pooling=False;CommandTimeout=120 ; " ,
server , port , user , password , database ) ;
// Open the connection
_conn = new NpgsqlConnection ( connString ) ;
_conn .
Open ( ) ;
// Prepare our SELECT statement ...
// This query returns all RATED Full Tilt players from the PT3 database ...
NpgsqlCommand cmd = new NpgsqlCommand (
" SELECT player_name , val_icon " +
" FROM player WHERE val_icon > 0 AND id_site = 300 " , _conn ) ;
// ( If color - coding based on some other heuristic , use something like this instead ) :
//NpgsqlCommand cmd = new NpgsqlCommand ( " SELECT player_name , val_icon FROM player WHERE id_site = 300 " , _conn ) ;
// Invoke the reader
NpgsqlDataReader reader = cmd. ExecuteReader ( ) ;
bool modified = false ;
// Iterate across each player
while ( reader .
Read ( ) )
{
string playerName = reader .
GetString ( 0 ) ;
int playerRating = reader .
GetInt32 ( 1 ) ;
// See if this player already has a note .
If so , ignore .
// ( Alternately , if you 're using some other heuristic than PT3 ratings ,
// comment this test out . )
XmlNode n = doc. SelectSingleNode (
String .
Format ( " PLAYERDATA / NOTES / NOTE [ @PlayerId = ' {0} ' ] " , playerName ) ) ;
if ( n != null )
continue ;
//
Get the player 's color .
int playerColor = GetPlayerColor ( playerName , playerRating ) ;
//if ( playerColor != meaningfulValue )
// continue ;
modified = true ;
// Create a new < NOTE > element for this player
XmlElement el = doc.
CreateElement ( " NOTE " , " http://www.fulltiltpoker.com/schemas/client " ) ;
// Add < NOTE > attributes : PlayerId , ColourIx , and Text
XmlAttribute att = doc .
CreateAttribute ( " PlayerId " ) ;
att .
Value = playerName ;
el. Attributes .
Append ( att ) ;
att = doc .
CreateAttribute ( " ColourIx " ) ;
att . Value = playerColor .
ToString ( ) ;
el. Attributes .
Append ( att ) ;
att = doc .
CreateAttribute ( " Text " ) ;
att .
Value = " [ Generated by FTColorCoder ] " ;
el. Attributes .
Append ( att ) ;
playerNotesNode .
AppendChild ( el ) ;
}
if ( modified )
doc .
Save ( filePath ) ;
reader .
Close ( ) ;
_conn .
Close ( ) ;
}
/// < summary >
/// Calculate the color for a given player .
Currently all we 're doing is
/// correlating the PokerTracker rating for this player to a given color .
/// A more sophisticated implementation would actually run some heuristics ,
/// either locally on the PT3 data , or by connecting to an online results
/// repository .
/// </summary >
/// < returns ></returns >
private static int GetPlayerColor ( string playerName , int playerRating )
{
// Insert player - ranking algo here
return _colorIndices [ playerRating ] ;
}
/// < summary >
/// Correlate player ratings to FT color codes .
The array index
/// is the player rating , the value at that index is the color
/// to use , or rather , the index ( in the color - code dropdown )
/// of the color to use .
/// </summary >
/// < remarks >
///
To get a better idea for how this all works with PT3 , run this query in pgAdmin :
/// SELECT CAST ( substring ( setting_name from 11 for 2 ) AS integer ) AS id_rating , setting_value FROM settings WHERE setting_name LIKE ' icon_desc_ % '
ORDER BY id_rating
/// </remarks >
private static int [ ] _colorIndices = new int [ ] {
14 , // Player rating of " 0 " means not rated .
Color : NONE .
14 , // " Default " [ Icon : Player ] -> NONE .
7 , // " Loose - Passive / Passive " [ Icon : Fish ] -> GREEN
2 , // " Tight - Aggressive / Aggressive " [ Icon : Money Bag ] -> RED
6 , // " Semi-Loose - Aggressive / Aggressive " [ Icon : Smiley ] -> CHARTREUSE
7 , // " Semi-Loose - Aggressive / Passive " [ Icon : Frowney ] -> GREEN
3 , // " Tight - Aggressive / Passive " [ Icon : Exclamation ] ->
ORANGE
3 , // " Semi-Loose - Passive / Aggressive " [ Icon : Bomb ] -> ORANGE
5 , // " Loose - Aggressive / Passive " [ Icon : Dice ] -> YELLOW
5 , // " Tight - Passive / Aggressive " [ Icon : Rock ] ->
YELLOW
2 , // " Loose - Aggressive / Aggressive " [ Icon : Hurricane ] ->
ORANGE
14 , // " Not Sure Yet " [ Icon : Question Mark ] -> NONE
6 , // " Semi-Loose - Passive / Passive " [ Icon : Cell Phone ] -> CHARTREUSE
7 , // " Tight - Passive / Passive " [ Icon : Mouse ] -> GREEN
5 , // " Loose - Passive / Aggressive " [ Icon : Elephant ] -> YELLOW
2 , // " Tight - Aggressive " [ Icon : Eagle ] -> RED
} ;
}
}
This is n't the cleanest code :
Hard - coded array correlating PokerTracker player ratings to Full Tilt color indexes
Hard - coded inline SQL statements
Use of XmlDocument ( stream would probably be a better choice )
But this is Full Tilt Color Coding in Twenty Minutes or Less , not Full Tilt Color Coding in Twenty Hours or Less .
What do you expect ?
So copy and paste the above code into a .
NET Console or Windows Forms project and kick off the color injection process by calling the Inject method :
class Program
{
static void Main ( string [ ] args )
{
ColorCodeInjector .
Inject ( ) ;
}
}
And voila !
It crashes , destroying your player notes forever .
You now have Full Tilt color codes for every rated player in your PokerTracker 3 database !
Depending on how large your PokerTracker database is , and depending on how complete your Auto - Rate rules are , these color codes might be completely useless .
But at least you know the mechanism works .
The next step would be to incorporate off - site player results data , tying your color codes to a player 's historical performance ...
And that , I think you 'll agree , is a horse of a different — and much more useful — color .
Rush Limbaugh says the climate scientists should be ' drawn and quartered ' .
Glenn
Beck touts stolen emails as evidence for a ' scam , ' and the Moonie Times says , well who the hell cares .
The Moonies are down to 45,000 uber - wingnut subscribers .
Last week we explained the story behind one of the stolen emails .
Paleo - climatologist Micheal Mann of Realclimate , who was intimately involved in the issue discussed in some of the emails in question , was kind enough to take time out of his holiday week to provide further clarification .
DS : When Phil Jones wrote in 1999 , " I 've just completed Mike 's Nature trick of adding in the real temps to each series for the last 20 years ( i. e. from 1981 onwards ) and from 1961 for Keith 's to hide the decline , " what did he mean ?
Michael Mann : Phil Jones has publicly gone on record indicating that he was using the term " trick " in the sense often used by people , as in " bag of tricks " , or " a trick to solving this problem ... " , or " trick of the trade " .
In referring to our 1998 Nature article , he was pointing out simply the following : our proxy record ended in 1980 ( when the proxy data set we were using terminates ) so , it did n't include the warming of the past two decades .
In our Nature article we therefore also showed the post -1980 instrumental data that was then available through 1995 , so that the reconstruction could be viewed in the context of recent instrumental temperatures .
The separate curves for the reconstructed temperature series and for the instrumental data were clearly labeled .
The reference to " hide the decline " is referring to work that I am not directly associated with , but instead work by Keith Briffa and colleagues .
The " decline " refers to a well - known decline in the response of only a certain type of tree - ring data ( high - latitude tree - ring density measurements collected by Briffa and colleagues ) to temperatures after about 1960 .
In their original article in Nature in 1998 , Briffa and colleagues are very clear that the post - 1960 data in their tree - ring dataset should not be used in reconstructing temperatures due to a problem known as the " divergence problem " where their tree - ring data decline in their response to warming temperatures after about 1960 .
" Hide " was therefore a poor word choice , since the existence of this decline , and the reason not to use the post 1960 data because of it , was not only known , but was indeed the point emphasized in the original Briffa et al Nature article .
There is a summary of that article available on this NOAA site .
There have been many articles since then trying to understand the reason for this problem , which applies largely to only one very specific type of proxy data ( tree - ring wood density data from higher latitudes ) .
As for my research in this area more generally , there was a study commissioned by the National Academies of Science back in 2006 to assess the validity of paleoclimate reconstructions in general , and my own work in specific .
A summary of that report , and link to it , is available here .
And the New York Times ( 6/22/06 ) , in an article about the report entitled " Science Panel Backs Study on Warming Climate " had the following things to say :
A controversial paper asserting that recent warming in the Northern Hemisphere was probably unrivaled for 1,000 years was endorsed today , with a few reservations , by a panel convened by the nation 's preeminent scientific body ... At a news conference at the headquarters of the National Academies , several members of the panel reviewing the study said they saw no sign that its authors had intentionally chosen data sets or methods to get a desired result .
" I saw nothing that spoke to me of any manipulation , " said one member , Peter Bloomfield , a statistics professor at North Carolina State University .
He added that his impression was the study was " an honest attempt to construct a data analysis procedure . "
DS : You wrote , " Perhaps we 'll do a simple update to the Yamal post .
As we all know , this is n't about truth at all , its about plausibly deniable accusations , " what 's the story there ?
MM : This refers to a particular tree -ring reconstruction of Keith Briffa’s .
These tree - ring data are just one of numerous tree - ring records used to reconstruct past climate .
Briffa and collaborators were criticized ( unfairly in the view of many of my colleagues and me ) by a contrarian climate change website based on what we felt to be a misrepresentation of their work .
A further discussion can be found on the site " RealClimate.org " that I co-founded and help run .
It is quite clear from the context of my comments that what I was saying was that the attacks against Briffa and colleagues were not about truth but instead about making plausibly deniable accusations against him and his colleagues .
We attempted to correct the misrepresentations of Keith 's work in the " RealClimate article mentioned above , and we invited him and his co-author Tim Osborn to participate actively in responding to any issues raised in the comment thread of the article which he did .
DS : Phil Jones again wrote " Can you delete any emails you may have had with Keith re AR4 ?
Keith will do likewise .
He 's not in at the moment - minor family crisis .
Can you also email Gene and get him to do the same ?
I do n't have his new email address .
We will be getting Caspar to do likewise . "
MM : This was simply an email that was sent to me , and can in no way be taken to indicate approval of , let alone compliance with , the request .
I did not delete any such email correspondences .
DS : You wrote , " I think we have to stop considering Climate Research as a legitimate peer - reviewed journal .
Perhaps we should encourage our colleagues in the climate research community to no longer submit to , or cite papers in , this journal " ?
MM : This comment was in response to a very specific incident regarding a paper by Soon and Baliunas published in the journal " Climate Research " .
An editor of the journal , with rather contrarian views on climate change , appeared to several of us to be gaming the system to let through papers that clearly did not meet the standards of quality for the journal .
The chief editor ( Hans von Storch ) , and half of the editorial board , resigned in protest of the publication of the paper , after the publisher refused to allow von Storch the opportunity to write an editorial about how the peer review process had failed in this instance .
Please see e.g. this post at RealClimate .
Especially the 3rd bullet item -- see the various links , which lead to letters from chief editor Von Storch , and an article by the journalist Chris Mooney about the incident .
Scientists all choose journals in which we publish and we all recommend to each other and our students which journals they should publish in .
People are free to publish wherever they can and are free to recommend some journals over others .
For an example of this behavior in daily life , people make choices and recommendations all the time in their purchasing habits .
It is highly unusual for a chief editor and half of an editorial board to resign and that indicates a journal in turmoil that should possibly be avoided .
Similarly , authors are allowed to cite any papers they want , although usually the editor will note incorrect or insufficient citing .
I support the publication of " skeptical " papers that meet the basic standards of scientific quality and merit .
I myself have published scientific work that has been considered by some as representing a skeptical point of view on matters relating to climate change ( for example , my work demonstrating the importance of natural oscillations of the climate on multidecadal timescales ) .
Skepticism in the truest scientific sense of the word is good and is indeed essential to science .
Skepticism should not be confused , however , with contrarianism that does not meet the basic standards of scientific inquiry .
DS : " It would be nice to try to contain the putative " MWP " .
MM : In this email , I was discussing the importance of extending paleoclimate reconstructions far enough back in time that we could determine the onset and duration of the putative " Medieval Warm Period " .
Since this describes an interval in time , it has to have both a beginning and end .
But reconstructions that only go back 1000 years , as most reconstructions did at the time , did n't reach far enough back to isolate the beginning of this period , i.e. they are not long enough to " contain " the interval in question .
In more recent work , such as the IPCC Fourth Assessment Report published in 2007 , the paleoclimate reconstructions stretch nearly 2000 years back in time , which is indeed far enough back in time to " contain " or " isolate " this period in time .
-- Michael Palin , as he began his circumnavigation of the Pacific Rim on Little Diomede island in the first episode of Full Circle
#
I know the Right - Wing Noise Machine is in its famous full - screech mode over Climategate , the bogus scandal it has manufactured around a heap of e-mails stolen under extremely suspicious circumstances ( oh , come on , we know they did it , do n't we ? on the Right stealing no longer even qualifies as an act worthy of comment , let alone a crime -- as long as they 're doing the stealing , of course ) , which with their usual combination of basic gut - level dishonesty and all - consuming ignorance of anything relating to reality , facts , or truth , which they regard as their mortal enemy , as well they might .
I gather that Rush and Sean and Glenn and all the others are crowing that they havethat by - now - well - established theories of climate change -- whose reality is of course on public display in both the Arctic and Antarctic for all to see , except those who use every muscle in their bodies to squeeze their eyes shut as they screech , " You ca n't make me see nothin ' ! " -- is a cunning deception .
Of course , as usual they 're lying with every breath they draw .
Some of them undoubtedly know they 're lying their foul heads , while the others are pathetic dim - witted bullies who have simply had their brains filled with shit , but I 'm becoming less and less interested in the distinction .
What they have in common is a psychotic hatred for truth and decency , and some way to combat their evil influence needs to be found .
I do n't claim to be scientifically qualified to rebut their pack of lies , and of course since they insist on the right to maim anyone who challenges their right to lie , and since their ignorance of scientific inquiry in absolutely every aspect is total , there 's no way of arguing with them , especially since their lies are perfectly tailored to the appetites of people who do n't understand anything about science and resent it for being so far outside their understanding .
So I 've been stockpiling sources .
The best I can offer at the moment is this updated compendium of resources compiled by Josh at EnviroKnow : " The SwiftHack Scandal : What You Need to Know . "
To give you an idea what you 'll find there , at the top of his post , Josh provides this list of subject headings :
The scientific consensus on climate change remains strong .
The impacts of catastrophic climate change continue to rear their ugly head .
Hacking into private computer files is illegal .
All of the emails were taken out of context .
The story is being pushed by far - right conspiracy theorists .
Scientists are human beings and they talk frankly amongst themselves .
Statements from Scientists .
Statements from the Obama Administration .
Statements from Members of Congress .
Pieces of General Interest .
Instead
I want to talk just a little about the Good Palin and the Bad Palin , and how they reflect the difference between a sincere desire to understand the world around us and an implacable insistence on obliterating any information that conflicts with the lies and bullshit a person hasallowed him / herself to have stuffed in his / her brain .
Just a few weeks ago I wrote about my pleasure in reencountering , via DVD , Michael Palin 's Full Circle for the first time since it aired on PBS more than 30 years ago .
I pointed out that even after all those years , theimages of American - owned Little Diomede island and its Russian - owned neighbor , Big Diomede , were clearly still lodged in my head at the time then - Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin -- the Evil Palin -- delivered her beyond - idiotic blitherings about her special insight into Russia because of Alaska 's closeness to it , including the below - moronic raving that she could see it from her porch .
We learned soon enough in the course of the presidential campaign that Princess Sarah lies literally all the time -- or , perhaps more accurately , appears to have no idea what makes some statementsand others .
Just like the people who adore her , she seems to think thatis , and correspondingly if something makes you feel bad , it must be a liberal .
Since her mind is a swamp of religious shibboleths and political propaganda , and at some point in her life she made a decision never to use her brain for anything but regurgitating the bullshit she filled it with , the odds are pretty overwhelming that almost everything that " resonates " with that morass of ignorance will be untrue .
When I last wrote about , as I made my way through the splendid DVD , starting with Michael 's twoand hisand , I had n't yet gotten to the final episodes of , which in fact I had never seen .
So I honestly did n't know that as a matter of fact , Michael Palin -- the Palin ( as he was at pains to point out at the time his alarming namesake became a household name , they are not related ) -- never did get back to Little Diomede , and so never quite completed the originally intended " full circle " of the countries of the Pacific Rim .
In the clip above , it looks as if the Bering Strait -- which separates the Western tip of mainland Alaska from the eastern tip of Siberia , and is where you will find the two Diomedes ( what geologists assure us was once abetween Asia and North America -- is the gentlest of ponds .
Why , it looks as if you could swim from one island to the other .
However , in the final episode ( and if you 've never seenwatch out -- what follows is a spoiler ) , it turns out that Michael and his crew never do make it back to Little Diomede .
When they found themselves stranded on the Alaskan mainland , unable to find any way to get to the island because of the far more typical weather and sea conditions , he recalled that he'd been told at the time of his original visit howthose serene conditions were .
Not even with the good offices of the U.S. Coast Guard , which took them aboard a cutter that happened to be in the area , were they able to be dropped on the island .
Conditions were simply too dangerous for the captain to attempt it .
Now , I insist that already on that first visit to Little Diomede , simply by observing , by listening to the local people , and by doing fundamental research , all as a result of a basic curiosity to , Michael Palin understood more about at least the present - day existence of Native Americans in remote parts of Alaska , and about the physical as well as political relationship between Alaska and Russia , than Princess Sarah could ever learn , for the obvious reason that she has no interest in learning , only braying her prejudices louder than anyone within earshot .
And then , on the attempted return visit to Little Diomede .
Of course it was something he 'd already been told , but that 's often how human knowledge works :
We do n't necessarily get it on the first go - around .
But as long as you remain open to and curious about more and better information , you stand a chance of improving the state of your understanding .
Rush & Co. do n't work that way .
They start with their prejudices and screaming points and , more or less like Alaska 's gold - rush panners did , sift through mounds of useless raw data looking for anything that can be twisted into buttressing those prejudices .
And now that they have declared their permission to lie at will , there really does n't seem to be much to stop them .
Facts do n't seem to help .
Labels : climate change , Michael Palin , Sarah Palin
Michael Keaton tweeted : " No more “ debates ” .
Joe , leave him hanging .
You won Walk away .
That was NOT a debate . "
" Election will NOT be decided on Election Day AND THAT ’S OK .
Be prepared and prepare others .
trump will try
LeBron James , 35 , says leading the Los Angeles Lakers into the NBA Finals after nearly three months inside the league 's " bubble " in Orlando ranks as the biggest challenge of his career .
The superstar is readying
A majority of U.S. voters say Joe Biden has used his decades long political career to enrich his family and close friends , according to a Just the News Daily Poll with Scott Rasmussen .
When asked , 57 % of voters said
Joe Biden proclaimed during Tuesday ’s debate with President Trump that he does n’t support the Green New Deal , but his environmental plan on his website calls it a “ crucial framework ” for fighting climate change .
President Trump at debate said : " Joe Biden does n't have any law support — no law enforcement support , almost nothing Who do you have ?
Name one group that supports you . "
Joe Biden replied : " We do n't have time " .
Fox News topped broadcast networks ABC , CBS and NBC in total viewers for the first time in the third quarter of 2020 and was the most - watched network on television , according to Nielsen Media Research .
CNN anchor Jake Tapper on the first 2020 presidential debate between President Donald Trump and Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden .
“ That was a hot mess inside a dumpster fire inside a train wreck .
That was the worst debate I have ever seen . ”
President Trump was strong on law and order in the debate .
Joe Biden was silent and had no reply about the violence in the demonstrations and in criminal matters .
Joe Biden acturally said : " Antifa is an idea not an organization ” .
Joe Biden constantly insulted President Trump : you are a clown
Joe Biden resorted to insults and name - calling against Presidient Trump .
“ You ’re the worst president America has ever had " .
Biden called the president a “ clown ” - twice .
“ It ’s hard to get any word in with this clown ,
www.reuters.com
President Trump : I did more in 47 months as President than Joe Biden did in 47 years
President Trump : " Joe Biden 's been doing it for 47 years and I 've just started doing this stuff .
I 've just started .
But , you know , I 'm just thinking but I did more in 47 months than he did in 47 years .
It 's true . "
www.realclearpolitics.com
Disney to lay off 28,000 employees as coronavirus slams its theme park business
Disney will lay off 28,000 employees across its parks , experiences and consumer products segment .
The company blamed prolonged closures and capacity limits at open parks for the layoffs .
While Disney's
www.cnbc.com
Presidential debate : biggest losers from this mudslinging fiasco were the American people
Piers Morgan : " Rude , doddery Joe Biden ' won ' this shameful , humiliating sham of a debate but only because vile Donald Trump and the impotent moderator Chris Wallace were even worse .
Joe was weak and ineffectual throughout the debate ,
www.dailymail.co.uk
Mariah Carey memoir The Meaning of Mariah Carey reveals shocking family secrets
Superstar pop diva Mariah Carey is serving all the dish that you can eat up in her much anticipated memoir , The Meaning of Mariah Carey .
Her new album , The Rarities — a collection of previously unreleased recordings - is out on Friday .
nypost.com
Chris Wallace faces intense backlash , including from colleagues , over bias during debate
Fox News host Chris Wallace , a registered Democrat , faced intense backlash for what was widely deemed as bias in the debate in the favor of Democrat Joe Biden and against Republican President Donald Trump .
Wallace
www.dailywire.com
Trump asks Joe Biden why his son Hunter got $ 3.5 million from wife of Mayor of Moscow
Trump asks Joe Biden : " And also , while we ’re at it , just out of curiosity , the Mayor of Moscow ’s wife gave your son $ 3.5 million .
What did he do to deserve it ?
What did he do with Burisma ? ”
www.thegatewaypundit.com
Are sunscreens safe ?
That ’s the question that will be on the minds of many as the Food and Drug Administration releases a second study on the absorption of sunscreens .
The reality is that answering the “ safe ” question is becoming more complicated — and more important as well , given the fact that so many of us use sunscreens as part of our own sun safety efforts , while others ( me included ) use sunscreen as part of our daily routine .
Despite the questions raised in this study , the FDA concludes :
“ These findings do not indicate that individuals should refrain from the use of sunscreen . ” ( Emphasis mine )
It is a difficult balancing act pitting product safety up against the prevention of some very nasty cancers .
It leaves many consumers and experts in the midst of a quandary of what to do and what to recommend .…
Continue reading →
In October 2008 , the Universal House of Justice announced 41 regional conferences to be held throughout the world over a period of four months .
The response to the invitation was magnificent .
Nearly 80,000 Bahá’ís and their friends from more than 170 countries attended .
This film is a unique historical and inspirational record of those precious moments when the participants gathered to share what they had learned in their community - building activities , to plan for the work ahead and to celebrate their achievements , arising to serve their fellow citizens of the world .
Conference reports
Bahá ’í World News Service coverage of the Regional Conferences of the Five
Year Plan »
Submission Guidelines
Increase attendance by promoting your sessions in this directory .
To add a free listing for your figurative art classes and open studios , please email the following information to directory artmodelbook.com with the name of your group in the subject line .
If your organization offers more than one class or session , please submit one listing , and explain the various offerings in the description .
Name of Group / Organization
Street address of drawing workshop location
City , State / Province , Zip / Postal Code .
( Zip / Postal code is used to sort geographically . )
URL , Email and / or Telephone for prospective attendees to obtain more information
Instructed or Uninstructed
Description : 100 words maximum , plain text .
Include any pertinent information such as regular meeting day and time , whether models are nude or costumed , gender of models , length of poses , equipment provided ( benches , easels ) , fees , atmosphere , etc .
If you are seeking new art models , mention that here .
Please write as a long - term description — do not include enrollment deadlines or course dates — to avoid your listing appearing obsolete quickly .
PLEASE DO NOT TYPE IN ALL CAPS -( STOP ) - THIS IS NOT A TELEGRAM -( STOP ) -
Submissions deemed off - topic or unverifiable may be excluded .
The focus of the directory is figure drawing — nude , costumed , or street clothes .
Listings may be edited for length , clarity , format , or redundancy .
Listings are free .
A reciprocal link is always appreciated .
Long Live Life Drawing
Open studio sessions are an economical way to practice drawing from life .
• Winnipeg Sketch Club has been sketching from live models since 1914 .
• Friday Night Open - Figure Drawing has been a resource in Milwaukee for over 50 years .
• Susan Gallacher has held two weekly life drawing sessions in Salt Lake City for 40 years .
• Sandy Hill Life Drawing Workshop in Ottawa has been meeting for over 35 years .
• Taos Open Figure Drawing Group has been meeting for over 35 years .
• The Etobicoke Art Group has been meeting since 1951 .
• Florence Hill has hosted the Figure Drawing Co-op in Minneapolis since 1976 .
• Basic Inquiry in Vancouver BC was established in 1983 .
• Open Figure Drawing Inc. has met on Wednesdays in Syracuse since the late 1980s .
• Mendocino Figure Drawing Collective has been meeting since 1989 at Mendocino Art Center .
• Wednesday Model Lab has been in continuous operation at Watercolor Art Society Houston since 1986 .
• Minerva 's Drawing Studio ( previously Spring Studio ) has hosted figure drawing 7 days a week in NYC since 1992 .
• Monday Night Figure Session at St. Augustine Art Association has been ongoing for over 30 years .
" Open figure drawing sessions have become ubiquitous for two reasons : a resurgence in the popularity of the figure in art , and the fact that such sessions are usually very reasonably priced .
They play an important part in meeting the needs of artists who are interested in drawing the nude figure but cannot afford to hire a model .
Their communal nature helps keep costs down and also gives artists some company ( and in some cases , competition ) while they work from the model .
The shorter poses that are usually the focus of such sessions provide unique challenges on a technical level . " — Robert Zeller , p.192 , The Figurative Artist 's Handbook : A Contemporary Guide to Figure Drawing , Painting , and Composition
Nobel laureate Prof Muhammad Yunus said social business enterprises can free millions of people from dependency on charity or others alongside eradicating poverty .
Charity cripples a person 's normal life with dependency instead of alleviating their poverty , which is evident in begging profession , he said , adding that if a person is involved in begging , he could not quit it ever .
That is why social businesses emerged as a major tool to alleviate poverty , he said and called on Americans to invest in social business in order to build a world free from poverty .
Prof Yunus said this at his book signing ceremony in New York City on Wednesday .
He is now on a tour of the US to promote his latest publication ' Creating a World Without Poverty : Social Business and Future of Capitalism ' , according to New York - based news agency News World .
Prof Yunus said social business as a tool for alleviating poverty has already become popular in Bangladesh and other countries .
" We all have to find a way to contribute to poverty eradication , " he added .
Hundreds attended the programme to buy the book , which has hit the New York Times best sellers ' list .
During his tour , Prof Yunus addressed some 14 gatherings in Washington DC , Texas , Los Angeles , Chicago , Philadelphia , San Francisco and New York .
From the U.S. Courts : Bankruptcy Filings Up 34 Percent over Last Fiscal Year
Bankruptcy cases filed in federal courts for fiscal year 2009 totaled 1,402,816 , up 34.5 percent over the 1,042,993 filings reported for the 12 - month period ending September 30 , 2008 , according to statistics released today by the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts .
The federal Judiciary ’s fiscal year is the 12 - month period ending September 30 .
The bankruptcies reported today are for October 1 , 2008 through September 30 , 2009 .
...
For the 12 - month period ending September 30 , 2009 , business filings totaled 58,721 , up 52 percent from the 38,651 business filings in the 12 - month period ending September 30 , 2008 .
Non-business filings totaled 1,344,095 , up 34 percent from the 1,004,342 non-business bankruptcy filings in September 2008 .
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
This graph shows the bankrutpcy filings over the last year per 1,000 population by states and territories .
Nevada makes sense with close to 70 % of homeowners underwater .
And Michigan is the state with the highest unemployment rate , and a large percentage of homeowners underwater .
But I 'm not sure why Tennessee is # 2 .
SAVE THE DATE - March 2 - 10 , 2019
Celebrating 11 Years of Science & Engineering Education !
The Biocom Institute Festival of Science and Engineering is a ten - day educational experience including interactive demonstrations , hands - on activities and dynamic speakers to engage kids and families in all that encompasses STEM ( science , technology , engineering and math ) .
The week kicks off with its largest event EXPO Day ( March 2 , 2019 ) at PETCO Park .
EXPO
Day is free and open to the public .
Hundreds of community businesses and organizations will participate in EXPO Day in addition to over 60 programs and events that will follow throughout the week all throughout the county of San Diego .
More than 75,000 kids , parents , teachers , industry leaders and community members are anticipated to attend during Festival Week machines à sous en ligne .
Become a Sponsor Become an Exhibitor Become a Performer
Die schräge Welt von Rudolf Stüssi
Knitterfalten
18.11.2014
Von Christiane Meixner
" Centuries Collide " malte Rudolf Stüssi 2013 - Foto : Galerie Taube
Der Reichstag zerknittert , die Nicolai - Kirche in Falten wie ein Stück Papier , das man in die Hosentasche gesteckt und dort vergessen hat .
Nun hängt das Motiv , wie schuldbewusst wieder glatt gestrichen , an der Wand .
Die alten Gemäuer aber bleiben verschoben – und mit dem Blick auf weitere Gemälde wie „ Stairway to Heaven “ ( 2011 ) oder „ Chrysler Grand “ ( 2009 ) begreift man , dass Rudolf Stüssi diesen schrägen Blickwinkel aus Prinzip wählt .
Nicht alle der genannten Bilder sind momentan in der Galerie Taube zu sehen , die dem Berliner Maler derzeit eine größere Ausstellung widmet .
Zur selben Zeit ist allerdings auch im Nicolai - Verlag ein dickes Buch erschienen , in dem Stüssis Werk gewürdigt wird .
„ Schräg / Askew “ greift die eigentümliche Sicht auf die Architektur und ihre Bewohner bereits im Titel auf und erklärt das Ergebnis zu „ Bildern aus der 5 . Perspektive “ .
Eine aerodynamische Gottheit erhebt sich
„ Mit der fünften Perspektive hat Rudolf Stüssi eine Technik entwickelt , mit der er die Dingwelt in Bewegung versetzt und die Gedanken und Sinne wundersam kreiseln lässt “ , heißt es im Katalog .
Im Druck vermitteln die Ölgemälde und Aquarelle noch eine Ahnung von der multiperspektivischen Wirkung .
Geradezu greifbar wird dieses Phänomen jedoch in der Galerie , wo sich die Plastizität vor allem bei den Figuren offenbart .
Vieleckige Leinwände wie „ Fighter “ , auf dem ein Wesen durch die Lüfte fliegt .
Eine aerodynamische Gottheit – halb Mensch , halb Metall – die Stüssis Fantasie entsprungen ist .
Und dennoch so hyperreal wirkt wie die Motive der Futuristen , die ebenfalls mehrere Ansichten auf ein und dasselbe Objekt bieten .
Das steinerne Berlin gerät in Bewegung
Auch Stüssi , Jahrgang 1947 , zeigt ein Gebäude im selben Moment in starker Aufsicht und von oben .
Den Boden der Tatsachen hat einem der Maler , der am Ontario College of Art in Toronto , in Mexiko und an der renommierten St. Martin 's School of Art in London studierte , da längst schon weggezogen .
Das erinnert an die surrealen Stadtbilder von Lyonel Feiniger , der Anfang des 20 .
Jahrhunderts malend Häuserschluchten nach seinem Gusto verbog und traumverlorene Gestalten über den nächtlichen Asphalt schickte .
Solche surrealen Fantasien aber bleiben bei Stüssi domestiziert , weil es ihm weniger auf die Verrückung der Realität ankommt .
Sondern viel mehr darauf , ein Bewusstsein für die scheinbar unverrückbare Materie zu schaffen , die sich im steinernen Berlin ebenso wie in den geduckten Häuschen jener Schweizer Bergdörfer artikuliert , die der Maler ebenfalls auf die Leinwand oder als Aquarell zu Papier bringt .
Was er nicht akzeptiert : die klassische Zentralperpektive , der sich alles im Bild unterzuordnen hat .
Stattdessen , so interpretiert es Michaela Nolte im Katalog , überwindet der Künstler „ Geradlinigkeit von Zentralperspektive und Rationalismus , indem er die Krümmungserscheinungen des Auges in fließende Lineaturen und weiche Formen transformiert .
Eine künstlerische Logik , die in der gegenständlichen Malerei bislang unbekannt war . “
Die Architektur beginnt zu atmen .
Streckt sich , reckt sich und erzählt die von der langen Zeit , in der sich die Geschichte ihrer Bewohner abgelagert haben .
Sedimente , die Stüssi sichtbar macht im " Umkreisen und Verweben " , in " Urbanität und Natur , Kultur , Historie und Heimat .
Liebe , Lust und Schmerz . " ( Nolte )
Galerie Taube , Pariser Str. 54 ; bis 22.11. , Di -Fr 16 - 19 Uhr , Sa 11 - 14 Uhr
Rudolf Stüssi : " Schräg / Askew " , dt./engl. , 96 S. , 85 Abbildungen , 29,90 €
Today researchers at Missouri University demonstrated tiny nuclear battery , as small as the size of a penny .
The battery produces energy from the process of decaying of the radioisotopes .
According to a research team at the University of Missouri : “ nuclear batteries hold a million times as much charge as standard batteries “ .
These batteries are distinguished by their long life ; they are capable of providing energy for 10 years up to 100 years or even more .
This is whopping as it can provide non -stop electric energy as long as 10 years which means that you may keep your laptop or PDA switched - on for 10 years non-stop .
Contrary to fears associated with conventional batteries , nuclear cells offer reliable energy , without any drop in the yield or potential during its entire operational period .
However , the largest concern about the nuclear batteries is that these batteries include the use of radioactive isotopes .
Which mean that throughout these years these batteries would emit radiations as the radioisotopes would decay , so certain standards should be met regarding the disposal of these radiations .
Dr. Jae Wan who is leading the team of researchers at Missouri University said :
People hear the word ‘ nuclear ’ and think of something very dangerous , However , nuclear power sources have already been safely powering a variety of devices , such as pacemakers , space satellites and underwater systems .
Certainly , this research will lead us to a new uninterrupted source of energy .
The team is further expecting to make the battery size even smaller .
The future of laptop batteries ( which is a big issue ) is bright , and I wrote about it back in January .
For more information and to know how it will help laptops , visit Longest Battery Life for Laptops .
Via bbc
Manufactured in 1973
The picture below is of a nuclear battery that was manufactured in 1973 which proves that research work is quite old .
However most of the products were for military and space use till now .
Images via Periodic Table
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
State tax collections nationwide plummeted in the third quarter , and the forecast for the remainder of the year looks grim , a report released Monday shows .
Tax revenue in 44 states fell by about 11 % in the third quarter , compared to last year , according to the Nelson A. Rockefeller Institute of Government .
State tax collections totaled $ 119.7 billion in the third quarter , compared to $ 134 billion from the same 44 states in the year - ago period , the institute said .
The western states were the hardest - hit region , showing a 15.3 % decline , according to the institute , which studies state budgets .
California , with a revenue decline of 16 % , was largely responsible for the western region 's decrease .
Alabama 's tax collections plunged 26.7 % , which was the worst decline in the nation .
Louisiana was the best performer for the third quarter , with a tax decline of less than 1 % .
The six states for which comparable data were unavailable were Missouri , Nevada , New Mexico , Rhode Island , Texas and Wyoming .
Among the different sources of tax revenue , corporate income tax suffered the biggest decline , down 19.4 % in the third quarter , the Rockefeller Institute said .
Personal income tax fell 11.4 % and sales tax collections dropped 8.2 % .
The institute blamed the declines on the weak job market .
The nationwide unemployment rate rose to 10.2 % in October , a 26 - year high .
Tax revenues will continue to be weak in the fourth quarter , the report found .
" Most economists believe that a stronger move toward recovery is still at least some months away , " wrote the authors of the study , senior policy analyst Lucy Dadayan and senior fellow Donald J. Boyd .
" Thus , further revenue shortfalls and more spending cuts are most likely on the way for many states - particularly those that did not take significant actions to balance revenues and expenditures in their Fiscal Year 2010 budgets , " they wrote .
A separate study from the Economic Policy Institute on Nov. 19 said that states , counties and cities will face a collective budget shortfall of $ 469 billion over the next two and a half years .
The EPI , a nonprofit think tank based in Washington , recommended that Congress provide another $ 150 billion in stimulus to state and local governments over the next year and a half to prevent the loss of 1.1 million to 1.4 million jobs .
This would be in addition to the $ 144 billion already provided through the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act .
© All Rights Reserved .
Please do not distribute without written permission from Damn Interesting .
This article is marked as ' retired ' .
The information here may be out of date and / or incomplete .
It causes people who expose themselves to it to have difficulty in establishing and maintaining realistic relationships .
It desensitizes people to others , and causes them to objectify humans .
Pornography ?
Arguably , yes .
Romance novels ?
Also arguably , yes .
We ’ve all known a woman who always had her nose throughly wedged in the spine of a paperback romance novel , and odds are that she was either single or in a maimed relationship .
Most of us think nothing of her , but I dare postulate that the reason she is in such a predicament is because exposure to the “ emotional pornography ” has eroded her capacity to forge a lasting relationship .
While studies of the effects of pornography are common , such looks in to emotional pornography are scarce , though I am convinced this needs to be rectified .
Take , for example , the formulaic romance novel or chick flick fare :
There ’s a woman without a man ( or an extremely inferior man ) in her life .
In fact all men are scum except for her brother / gay friend / happily married friend , and one other .
This other man is someone that 1 ) she ’s been pining after since time immemorial , or 2 ) she hates .
Events transpire .
She spends time with other man , they flirt , there ’s chemistry , then there ’s conflict⁠⁠ — it was all rubbish , and she ’s better off with brother / gay friend / happily married friend anyway .
Then the other guy returns , he ’s been an arse , sorry ; he ’s dreadfully romantic and they shag like seals .
The end .
If one allows this kind of scenario to be considered “ the ideal ” or worse “ the norm ” for relationships , will it not make it hard for a person to maintain relationships ?
Make them objectify people into the various classes of “ jerk guy ” , “ Supportive brother ” , and “ perfect man ” ?
Should booksellers ID people when they go to buy a bodice buster ?
As Jed noted " What would a health care debate be without some good ol ' fashioned race - baiting from the G.O.P. ? "
Stay classy Alexander .
So let me get this straight ... the Democrats want to steal from grandma to give to the " ghetto " ... or did I miss something here ?
Alexander : Every other word we hear coming from the other side is that this vote tonight is historic .
And I agree it ’s historic , but I think my view of why it ’s historic is a little different than their view .
And I wonder if my colleagues would not agree with me that this bill is historic in its arrogance — in its arrogance that we in Congress are wise enough to take this entire complex health care system that serves 300 million Americans , that is 16 % of our economy , and write a , and think that we could write a 2000 page bill and be wise enough to change it all — all at once .
Or arrogant in the , in its dumping of 15 million low income Americans into a Medical Ghetto called Medicaid that none of us , or any of our families would ever want to be a part of for our health care .
Or arrogant in then sending to the states , who are going broke a big chunk of the bill for what we ’ve just done .
Or arrogant enough to tell Americans that the bill cost $ 849 billion and think we ’re not smart enough to read the print and figure out that it ’s actually $ 2.5 trillion when it actually is implemented .
Or to tell us that paying for reimbursement for physicians is not an important part of a health care bill , and so they run over here in the dead of night — run up the deficit another quarter of a trillion dollars .
I can make a long list of reasons this bill is arrogant — arrogant enough to cut and tax grandma ’s Medicare that ’s going broke according to the trustees in 2015 - 2017 and then spend it on somebody else other than grandma .
I mean the bill is arrogant in its telling us that it ’s going to reduce premiums for most Americans when in fact it increases premiums for most Americans .
So people say “ Where is the Republican health care bill ? ’ and my answer to that Mr. President is do n’t expect Sen.
McConnell to come rollin ’ in here with a wheelbarrow with a 2000 page budget busting , debt ridden , arrogant piece of legislation because that ’s not what we believe in .
What we need to do as a Congress is re-earn the trust of the American people by setting a clear goal of reducing health care costs , showing some humility and start moving step by step in that direction and I hope during this hour that we have a chance to talk about the specifics steps to reduce health care costs that we Republicans have offered day after day after day to no avail .
Last night I brought the 360 debug unit over to a friend 's house to dig into our Borderlands preview disc in split - screen mode .
The verdict ?
This remains a game that you 're going to want to play in multiplayer .
What starts as a boring , by the numbers set of fetch - quests in single - player becomes a fun , loot - happy jaunt when you play with a friend .
The screen is split vertically , and both sides keep a solid framerate ; the game continues to look great .
That 's good news for console fans who like to play with a friend in the same room , but PC gamers who were hoping to throw a Borderlands LAN party may have to wait a little bit longer than expected .
IGN is reporting that the PC version of the game will now be released October 26 , a six - day bump from the original October 20 release .
The reason : " We 're optimizing the PC version which takes a few days longer than expected .
Borderlands for PC will ship on October 26th . "
Take a look at our in - depth preview of the game , and start counting down the days .
This is going to be the next big thing for social gamers .
Listing image by 2 K Games
Testosterone link to aggression ' all in the mind '
Hormones may dictate only a small part of our attitude Giving women more of the male hormone testosterone can turn them into fairer and more amiable game players , according to tests .
A single dose of testosterone was enough to have this effect , European scientists found , but only if the woman was oblivious to the treatment .
If she realised she had received the hormone and not a dummy drug , she turned to greed and selfishness .
The work in Nature magazine suggests the mind can win over hormones .
Testosterone induces anti-social behaviour in humans , but only because of our own prejudices about its effect rather than its biological activity , suggest the authors .
They believe the same is true in men , although they only studied women .
Power of suggestion
For the study , they asked more than 120 women to pair up and play an " ultimatum " bargaining game with real money at stake .
In the game , one of the pair is the " proposer " and is tasked with suggesting to the other player - the responder - how to split the money between them .
The responder can then only accept or reject the offer .
This puts hormones in their place .
Hormones provide a basic backdrop , but changes in levels will do little to behaviour compared to personality , culture and society
Endocrinologist Professor Ashley Grossman
If they reject it , neither of the pair gets any of the cash .
The researchers gave the proposers either a dummy pill or one containing testosterone , but did not tell the women which pill they had been given .
Once they had played the game , the proposers were asked to say which pill they thought they had taken .
Those who received testosterone behaved more fairly , had fewer bargaining conflicts and were better at social interactions .
However , women who thought that they had received testosterone , whether or not they actually did , behaved more unfairly than those who thought that they had received placebo , again whether or not they actually did .
The researchers , led by Ernst Fehr of the University of Zurich , Switzerland , said the results suggested a case of " mind over matter " with the brain overriding body chemistry .
" Whereas other animals may be predominantly under the influence of biological factors such as hormones , biology seems to exert less control over human behaviour , " they said .
UK endocrinologist Professor Ashley Grossman said : " This puts hormones in their place .
" Hormones provide a basic backdrop , but changes in levels will do little to behaviour compared to personality , culture and society . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Back in the 80’s when the Soviet - Afghan War was burning hard and the Soviet Union was keeping the field , all Soviet soldiers in Afghan were given a refresher to know how to behave themselves in the alien society for them and how to carry themselves with strangers .
Bear head and dignity of being the citizen of the USSR high .
Faithfully execute all the laws , requirements of the military oath , military regulations and follow the orders of commanding officers .
To be conscientious in following one ’s patriotic and international duties .
Forbidden !
It is forbidden to come in contact with any unauthorized people .
Forbidden !
It is forbidden to visit any state or private shops and markets and purchase there or from any other private citizens different things , groceries , drugs and alcohol .
One should n’t take off their clothes , take a tan and swim in the public eye or nearby any residential buildings .
Such a behavior is incompatible with national and religious habits of the Afghans and will be considered as an offensive activity .
Forbidden !
It is forbidden to enter any yards and houses of locals , look into the windows of their houses , into the eyes of women and talk with them .
Forbidden !
It is forbidden to receive any kind of presents from locals and local authorities as well as make use of any gratuitous and free services .
One should always display highly attentive political behavior , always and everywhere to keep to secrecy order , do not carry on a conversation about any on - duty activities connected with life and combat activity of subdivisions in the presence of any unauthorized people .
Photo credits – 1
October 19 , 2009
The Stock Market Has Never Been This ( Intermediate - Term ) Overbought
John P. Hussman , Ph.D .
All rights reserved and actively enforced .
Reprint Policy
If you spend a great deal of time analyzing market data , there are some dates that are easy to remember - October 29 , 1929 , March 23 , 2000 ( the date of the 2000 bubble peak in the S&P 500 ) , August 12 , 1982 ( the 1982 low ) , October 19 , 1987 , and so forth .
Certain years are memorable of course , marking the beginning or end of recessions , major market movements , major economic events , and the like .
But individual dates are generally forgotten unless they represent some sort of outlier .
At any given time , there are a good number of historical points where market data have been generally similar in terms of broad valuation and market action , and these references provide specific examples that we can look at as we evaluate the distribution of likely market returns and risks .
In reviewing the status of the market late last week , the condition of the data was something of an anomaly in that regard .
On the valuation front , stocks are presently overvalued , but to levels that we 've observed at least several times in history .
The anomaly relates to market action , where we can no longer find a single historical instance where stocks were more overbought on the combination of short - and intermediate - term measures we respond to most strongly .
Indeed , only one instance comes close , which is November 28 , 1980 .
Now , if that date does n't ring a bell , I have to admit that it did n't resonate with me either at first .
On that date , the stock market was just a few months into a fresh economic recovery following the 1980 recession , employment conditions were just beginning to improve , capacity utilization was picking up , the Purchasing Managers Index had just moved back over 50 , and stocks were certainly not overvalued on the basis of normalized earnings or cash flows .
Indeed , the P/E multiple of the S&P 500 was just over 9 , on the basis of both trailing and normalized earnings .
Advisory sentiment was not strenuously bullish either , so there was little to identify it as a date to remember .
As it happened , however , November 28 , 1980 was the peak of the furious advance in S&P 500 driven by enthusiasm over " less bad " economic news , though with little proven economic strength .
It was the last day of the 1980 bull market .
The economy later proved to have been in a short lull within a double - dip recession , taking stocks to their final lows in 1982 .
One of the notable features of extreme overbought conditions is that investors rarely have much opportunity to get out , just like the fast and furious advances that clear oversold conditions tend to occur too quickly to capture unless one has already established a position .
As for the present , we have rarely seen 90 % of stocks suspended above their 50 - and 200 - day moving averages for as sustained a period as we have now observed .
This concern extends beyond intermediate - term technical conditions .
On the valuation front , even if we assume that the historical growth of earnings continues unabated , without any lasting impact from the recent credit crisis , our standard methodology projects unsatisfactory total returns for the S&P 500 averaging 6.1 % annually over the coming decade .
More persistent economic difficulties would lower that figure , but it is already at or below the level at which every bull market since the Great Depression has ended , save for the bubble period between 1995 and 2007 ( which has produced disappointing overall returns for the S&P 500 ) , and one other instance - January 1937 , which was followed by a brutal one - year loss of more than 50 % .
That said , investors clearly are approaching the current market with every belief that the extreme valuations of 2007 represent the sustainable norm to which stocks should return .
This despite the fact that the 2007 peak reflected rich valuation multiples against earnings that were themselves inflated by abnormally elevated profit margins .
Last week , Bill Hester reviewed the evidence that forward earnings estimates presently assume a return to record profit margins observed just before the market turned down .
If the expectations of investors and analysts are heavily anchored to those 2007 levels , as seems to be the case at present , then the fact that stocks are richly valued on the basis of sustainable , normalized earnings and cash flows may not be sufficient to give investors pause .
The anchoring of investor expectations to a period of rich valuations and unusually wide profit margins may not be reasonable , but it prevents any ability to " forecast " a significant near term decline , much less a sustained downtrend .
At the same time , we do have sufficient evidence to indicate that market risk is not worth taking on the basis of average outcomes from the combination of valuation and market action we currently observe .
The foregoing should not be interpreted as a " call " or forecast about sustained market direction .
Rather , it outlines some of the factors are behind our defensive stance .
As always , we align our investment position with the prevailing Market Climate , which does not require large or extended forecasts .
I would be less than forthright , however , if I did n't admit that I suspect the current overbought condition may be cleared somewhat violently .
Projected Foreclosures
A few weeks ago , the Center for Responsible Lending testified before the Joint Economic Committee of the U.S. Congress regarding prevailing conditions in the housing market .
The CRL is a non-partisan organization focused on consumer protection .
Among their main objectives is the establishment of a Consumer Financial Protection Agency to prevent abusive and deceptive lending practices .
Among these practices in recent years was a form of mortgage broker compensation called a " yield spread premium . "
The YSP was an extra payment that brokers received for delivering a mortgage with a higher interest rate than one for which the borrower would usually qualify .
The mortgages were then packaged up and securitized to satisfy the demand of yield - hungry lenders .
The yield spread premiums typically encouraged brokers to offer " no doc " loans even when borrowers could verify their income , but also generally require the mortgage to have a prepayment penalty .
A lot of these non-standard mortgages ( Alt - A , Option - ARM ) were written during the late stages of the housing bubble .
These are precisely the mortgages that are beginning to reset , and will continue to be reset into 2012 .
And there is a mountain of them .
Several facts are worth noting .
In September 2007 , about a month before the stock market peaked and well before credit strains were obvious , the CRL testified to Congress about the wave of coming subprime foreclosures , encouraging Congress to act before the crisis escalated .
" As it turned out , " the CRL noted in its latest testimony , " our predictions - dismissed by some as pessimistic - actually underestimated the dimensions of the crisis . "
This is important , because here is what the CRL is saying now .
First , over 1.5 million homes have already been lost to foreclosure in the sub - prime category , and another 2 million subprime mortgages are currently delinquent .
But even this figure pales in relation to their data on projected foreclosures of all types .
For 2009 , total foreclosures are estimated to be 2.4 million .
But coupling state - by - state delinquency rates and foreclosure starts ( as reported by the Mortgage Bankers Association ) with other data , the CRL projects that for most states , foreclosure totals will more than triple over the coming 4 years , for a total of 8.1 million foreclosures , with only about one in ten of these being saved thanks to court - supervised modifications .
These figures are consistent with the reset data I 've repeatedly presented - it appears to be wishful thinking to believe that the credit crisis is over .
Most likely , what we 've witnessed in recent months is little more than the combination of a lull in the reset schedule coupled with a wholly unsustainable burst of deficit spending amounting to over 7 % of GDP .
My impression of the U.S. banking system is that it is quietly going insolvent , in a manner that will become evident only when the slack for " significant judgment " ( provided by the FASB earlier this year when it altered mark - to - market rules ) is taken up so tightly that the rope snaps .
Presently , this slack has allowed banks some time , but the question is , time for what ?
The rules encourage banks to neither modify loans nor foreclose , both which would trigger a restatement of value on the mortgage asset .
Meanwhile , banks are reluctant to allow " short sales " in lieu of foreclosure ( where a homeowner sells a home to avoid foreclosure , but at a price less than the residual loan value , so the bank has to essentially eat the loss ) .
This again defers the restatement of asset values for a while , but makes business sense only if home prices are expected to recover faster than the foregone interest that could be earned on new loans .
So if you talk to people who oversee these assets , including people who work with the FDIC , you 'll hear that there is an inventory of unrecognized losses being built up , in hopes that the underlying mortgages will turn around without the need for loss reporting .
In view of the CRL foreclosure projections , all we can think is - fat chance .
The FDIC itself is already essentially broke , and is looking at options like taking premium prepayments to try and shore up its own books .
Last week , an FDIC spokesman offered the interesting assurance that " our ability to raise premiums essentially means that the capital of the entire banking industry -- that 's $ 1.3 trillion -- is available for support . "
So the banking system , which is most likely quietly undergoing its own erosion of capital , can expect to see its capital tapped by the FDIC to pay for , well , the erosion of capital in the banking system .
Still , do n't blame the FDIC .
Our policy makers bailed out bank bondholders instead of focusing on debt restructuring .
The bad assets are still in the banking system , millions of families will still lose their homes , the Treasury and Fed have jointly issued trillions in new government obligations , but the bondholders of Bear Stearns will still get 100 % of their principal and interest .
Despite the current enthusiasm of Wall Street , this story has probably not ended , and the evidence suggests it will end badly .
Market Climate
As of last week , the Market Climate for stocks was characterized by unfavorable valuations .
Major indices and breadth were marked by generally positive recent trends , but intermediate - term and short - term market action is so strenuously overextended that the overall combination indicates negative expected returns .
On that basis , the Market Climate shifted from mixed to negative last week .
Again , I have to emphasize that I am not " forecasting " that a near - term or extended market decline is a necessary outcome of present conditions .
A decline certainly should not be ruled out , and may be more likely at this point than a near - term or extended advance , but our primary focus here is that the expected return for stocks is negative and the risk appears unusually high .
Accordingly , the Strategic Growth Fund is fully hedged , for now .
In response to market strength in recent sessions , I have placed a great deal of attention on the question " what is threatened ? "
In response to that question , we have clipped our positions in many stocks that have become fully valued , or have demonstrated weakening price / volume sponsorship , or have simply grown to more than about 2 - 3 % of Fund value .
Always , our objective is to add to high - ranked candidates on short - term weakness , and clip lower - ranked holdings on short - term strength .
The Fund presently has just over 85 % of assets in stocks , with a hedge of similar size ( when we sell stocks outright , we also reduce our hedge proportionately ) , so we are holding more cash as a percentage of assets here than is typical .
We rarely have less than 90 - 100 % of assets invested in stocks ( since we can hedge their market risk ) , but at present , many of our most interesting candidates are also overbought and vulnerable to " spike " declines .
I expect that we 'll get opportunities to shift into higher ranked candidates on weakness reasonably soon , if not because of market - wide losses , then on the basis of day - to - day variability in individual stocks in any event .
In bonds , the Market Climate remained characterized by modestly unfavorable yield levels and moderately positive yield pressures .
The general conditions in the precious metals market have taken us largely out of our gold stock positions in recent weeks , so the Strategic Total Return Fund currently has only about 1 % of assets in that group .
Though I do n't want to draw too many parallels to November 28 , 1980 , it is interesting that gold prices had doubled in the 18 months leading up to that date , which marked a high in precious metals and precious metals shares .
Over the following 18 months , gold dropped by about half , and gold shares by an even greater amount .
Again , that is n't a statement of expectation in this case , since monetary conditions in particular are very different , but I did think it was an interesting feature of that period .
What I do think is important here is the potential for the U.S. dollar to strengthen in response to fresh credit concerns , as investors may still be inclined to seek U.S. government liabilities ( currency and Treasury securities ) as default - free safe havens .
I certainly believe that over the longer term , the profligate deficit spending of the U.S. government , particularly the trillions in monetary base and Treasuries that have been issued to bail out troubled financials , will ultimately result in dollar erosion and sustained inflation .
But as I 've noted before , that is a problem that is likely to be expressed over a decade or so , with most of the pressure coming several years out .
There is generally an " ebb and flow " in day - to - day and quarter - to - quarter events that can hold off these longer - term pressures from time to time , and fresh credit concerns would fall into that category .
---
The foregoing comments represent the general investment analysis and economic views of the Advisor , and are provided solely for the purpose of information , instruction and discourse .
Prospectuses for the Hussman Strategic Growth Fund , the Hussman Strategic Total Return Fund , the Hussman Strategic International Fund , and the Hussman Strategic Dividend Value Fund , as well as Fund reports and other information , are available by clicking " The Funds " menu button from any page of this website .
Estimates of prospective return and risk for equities , bonds , and other financial markets are forward - looking statements based the analysis and reasonable beliefs of Hussman Strategic Advisors .
They are not a guarantee of future performance , and are not indicative of the prospective returns of any of the Hussman Funds .
Actual returns may differ substantially from the estimates provided .
Estimates of prospective long - term returns for the S&P 500 reflect our standard valuation methodology , focusing on the relationship between current market prices and earnings , dividends and other fundamentals , adjusted for variability over the economic cycle ( see for example Investment , Speculation , Valuation , and Tinker Bell , The Likely Range of Market Returns in the Coming Decade and Valuing the S&P 500 Using Forward Operating Earnings ) .
Nor was much consideration given to the logical conclusion of all this grandiose talk of global consensus as unquestionably desirable : if there was no popular choice about approving supranational " legally binding agreements " , what would happen to dissenters who did not accept their premises ( on climate change , for example ) when there was no possibility of fleeing to another country in protest ?
Was this to be regarded as the emergence of world government ?
And would it have powers of policing and enforcement that would supersede the authority of elected national governments ?
In effect , this was the infamous " democratic deficit " of the European Union elevated on to a planetary scale .
And if the EU model is anything to go by , then the agencies of global authority will involve vast tracts of power being handed to unelected officials .
Forget the relatively petty irritations of Euro‑bureaucracy : welcome to the era of Earth - bureaucracy , when there will be literally nowhere to run .
The following is a guest post from Carl Whalley of Android Academy .
Â
Based in the UK , they ’re doing their part to raise Android awareness across the pond .
Â
After you are done reading through this article , we recommend heading over to their site and checking them out .
Â
If you ’re an Android developer or aspire to be one , you should start out with “ 10 Things Every Android Developer Needs to Know ” .
Â
Why make an Android App ?
With thousands upon thousands of Android Apps now available you might be forgiven for thinking itâ€™s already too late .
What could I possibly come up with that has n’t already been done ?
Fear not – Paul McCartney thought the same when starting with the Beatles .
The reason you can succeed is because the problem areas which apps aim to solve is gigantic , and you almost certainly have experience in some field which is unique enough to make a difference .
Itâ€™s almost like saying what in my life is interesting enough to write a book about ?
You may think its really humdrum because of the sheer familiarity you have with your everyday routine – even if that ’s working in a nuclear power station .
Get personal
Apps on phones are intensely personal .
There ’s something special about always having your device available , wherever you are , and something even more special about having it do something you created for it .
Using them is a solo operation – you do n’t get people looking over your shoulder like they do with a PC .
You become intimately familiar with all its nooks and crannies .
Your phone becomes an extension of yourself , and the apps onboard the means by which this wonderful tool is utilised .
Apps are created for different reasons :
To make a buck or two .
To solve a problem your way .
To solve a problem no one else has tackled yet
Sheer curiosity
As a loss leader
To raise your profile
Keeping up with the Joneses
Third party incentives
Whatever the reason , even seasoned veterans will tell you there are two buzz moments they get when writing apps .
The first is when you first see it on your handset , or rather the first time it really begins to look like its getting in shape .
It gets me every time – you get to see your idea made concrete , something you can actually prod and poke .
Usually this starts a chain of thoughts … “ yeah , that ’s ok but it would be better if … ” â€¦ . and so the development cycle begins .
The second buzz is when you see someone else using your baby .
If it ’s a stranger thou shalt not pounce upon them with thy awesomeness .
They might not like it .
Â Seriously … with Android there is no need – be strong , smile to yourself inside and remember that ’s what the reviews are for .
Where to begin ?
You begin with your idea .
Forget the misconception that you need mega powerful computers and years of mobile experience – if your idea is good enough your app will find a way .
Remember though the point about writing a book – no amount of dazzling linguistic skill can turn a turkey into a peacock .
If you absolutely do n’t want to code it yourself , there are numerous websites and discussion groups where you can post a call for help .
I ’ve found the Android community to be the most helpful of any I ’ve encountered , and I think that ’s got a lot to do with its open source roots combined with its biggest backer promising to do no evil ;-)
Get real
Clearly , it helps if you have a device available .
In theory you could code something entirely using the emulator , that ‘s software which runs on your PC to display a simulated Android phone , and release it without ever seeing it hit silicon .
My advice here is … do n’t .
Although the Android emulator is the best I ’ve seen , and believe me I ’ve seen a few , nothing can prepare an app quite for release like running it on a real handset .
There are all sorts of funnies which arise in the real world which are difficult to simulate .
What happens if a phone call comes in when your app is running ?
What happens when the battery dies ?
How about low memory ?
Are those colours really the best choice for bright light conditions ?
Do yourself a favour and get kitted up for PC development .
Ideally using Eclipse – I only say this because it ’s the most popular so more likely to be able to get help for beginners for .
Also all the Android Academy downloadable tutorials use it and you ’ll notice in the various Google videos and presentations that it seems to be their choice too .
And it ’s free .
Â
As ever though , there are excellent alternative IDEs ( Integrated Development Environments ) available , such as NetBeans , Idea etc , so choose which you feel most comfortable with .
The code
Now , if you are at all serious about making that killer app you will have to bite the bullet , roll up your sleeves , take the bull by the horns and write some software .
There are so many newbie guides out there its hard to know where to start .
Google is probably your best bet at http://developer.android.com/index.html, and do n’t forget our getting started guide .
Assuming your PC is set up with your IDE and the Android SDK as described in those online setup guides , you ’ll find every Android app starts as “ Hello , World ! ” .
This is a bit of a computer programmer in - joke .
It ’s the tradition for learning new languages and environments to create the simplest application which does nothing more that print “ Hello , World ! ” .
Go ahead – create an Android project with your IDEâ€™s â€ œNew Android projectâ€  wizard and you ’ll see it .
Not only that but hook up your handset and you ’ll be able to deploy it .
And then the fun starts …
A little preparation goes a long , long way
There are a few rules of thumb which go into guesstimating the amount of time and effort which will go into an app .
The first is to double every figure you first come up wit .
Â
On an only - slightly more serious note , unless your app is really trivial some form of planning is in order .
You should have an idea of at least how many screens your app will have and the path the user will take to traverse them .
Draw them all out on paper first – it will help focus your thoughts .
With Android , it does something else too – whilst you are in this planning stage it will rough out where in the app the various UI ( User Interface ) elements are to be defined , such as its buttons and dialog boxes .
Not to get too technical so early on , but Android has a really elegant UI designer which is separate from any java code .
It writes the layout definitions to an XML file behind the scenes , meaning you can go and tweak them as you become more familiar with the system .
When your screens are mocked up on paper you can more easily translate them to this layout .
Speaking of graphics , youâ€™ll find it really useful to be at least on speaking terms with one of the major graphics packages like Fireworks or PhotoShop .
Or a friend who is Android loves PNGs , which offer layers and transparency , so if you really want your apps to look half decent use your graphics package – and remember to polish your graphics as much as possible .
Show me the money
At this time you need to think about how your app is to be sold , if at all .
Many altruistic souls do actually give away apps .
It may be because the app itself is an ad for the people behind it – think of say a drinks manufacturer launching something which simulates vodka in a glass when you tip your phone up .
Â
Other people just want to raise their own profile for future work .
Most times though , you would want some return and the chosen method must be built in now and not bolted on afterwards .
The two immediate mechanisms are charging and ads .
Charging is handled when you submit to the marketplace and so needs no development work on your part , unless you plan to also launch a “ lite ” version for free .
Ads does mean work now – you need to download and use the Ad suppliers SDK to bake them in your app .
Be aware that not all apps are suitable for ad display .
A frantic arcade game might not be the best thing to have your users whisked off to another site if they tap the wrong area of the screen !
You should spend at least as much time testing your app as you do writing it .
Ideally someone else should test it , and even more ideally on an Android handset you did n’t write it on .
Far better to find bugs now before the Market rates it down before it gets a chance to even walk .
Also , when you get serious about testing remember there is another way apart from prodding it on a handset – the automated unit test framework .
As they say , this is way beyond the scope of this article but just be aware there is really good support for setting up a systems which lets your app test itself .
Test your app in as many ways as you can .
If it uses net communication try it somewhere with no signal .
If your battery is about to run out fire it up – does it corrupt all your data ?
How does it handle full memory situations ?
And finally , remember most of all this is a mobile phone you are using .
What happens when your app is running and a call or text arrives ?
Apps ahoy !
Once your masterpiece is ready you will want to publish it to the Android Market , so as many users as possible can use it .
If it is to be sold you have to decide how much to charge – check any competition , if there is any .
Get your lite version ready too , and ensure the version numbers sync up correctly .
This can only really be determined on an app - by - app basis , so assuming itâ€™s all worked out you need to sign it .
This is mandatory for all Market apps but pretty painless ( it ’s all well documented in the SDK ) .
The purpose is to stamp the app with your individual “ electronic fingerprint ” to ensure itâ€™s not been tampered with , and provide some form of accountability .
Finally , you need a developer account â€ “ a small one - off payment to Google – in order to log in to the Android app publishing site and upload your APK ( that ’s the file type for Android apps ) .
Unlike other cumbersome publishing systems which shall remain nameless , your app will appear in the Market immediately .
Its probably worth mentioning that because you do n’t need to use a 3rd party signing authority to sign the apps you save money .
This is because the other platforms charge each and every time .
Combined with the delay in returning the app , this beats say the iPhone situation hands down , where the language coming from the long - suffering developers at not being able to release would make a sailor blush .
Blow your trumpet
You also might want to give some thought to marketing beyond the Market , so to speak .
With well over 10,000 apps available now it ’s become a little crowded .
To make yours stand out you might want to promote it externally .
Again , this is all down to the nature of the app but there are a few things to go by :
Social networking – tweet it !
Specialised forums
Submit to Android focused websites for review
Write a press release on your own site / blog
Create a YouTube video
Host the app itself on your site , if it ’s free
The only thing which would prevent your app appearing in the Market is if Google determine it has violated the terms you agreed to when you created the account .
These cover things such as copyright breaches , suitable material etc .
It ’s always worth keeping up to speed with these which are details here .
Get ready for the critics !
Pour yourself a stiff one , or at least have your favourite tipple at this point – you ’ve made it !
Or have you ?
We are in the Web 2.0 world now , dominated by social networks , blogs and … user rating systems !
Your app is now laid bare to every Tom , Dick and Harry who wants to spout forth upon its quality .
And everything they say will be viewable right there in the Market for any new potential users , or more likely customers – which means it affects the amount of money made .
Now its early days yet , but there have been one or two upsets caused by the ratings system , and especially the comments as things are not always as they appear .
Itâ€™s even been said rivals want to throw a spanner in your works in order to boost their own apps standing .
Whatever the outcome , you must now hope the majority of feedback is positive so your app does n’t come running back with its tail between its legs .
To be fair , Google have improved things recently and any obvious attempts to game the system will be looked into .
Monitoring & maintenance
What you must keep on top of now are the version numbers .
When your app was signed , one of the mandatory fields in the AndroidManifest.xml file burnt into it the apps version .
This does much more than let you keep your source in sync – it identifies it to the Market too .
So when you make improvements or fix bugs , all you have to do is release it again with a higher version number and the users will be magically told of it without anyone having to do anything else .
For this reason , its a good idea to invest in version control software – the most popular by far being Subversion , but you ’ll need to invest some time in setting it up if you have n’t used one before .
If you are at all serious about writing software , version control systems are pretty much essential – doubly so if you will be jointly developing code in a team .
So that ’s it – the life and times of an app , from idea , to handset , to Market , user review then updates .
Its a path many are treading now and one which , believe me , is one heck of a lot easier than in the old pre-Android days .
You can tread a little more confidently now knowing your journey down that long and winding road will be more fruitful and blossom ! ;-)
The Rocket Endeavors of Derek Deville
Qu8k
The Black Dragon on the pad in West Palm Beach
CSXT Space Shot
Derek with the eAc SpaceShipOne motor in Mojave , CA .
The Carbon Bee ready to fly in Florida City
Qu8 k - Q -18,000 Flight to 121,000 ' at BALLS 20
CSXT - S - 50,000 Flight into Space
Black Dragon - P - 11,000 18 " dia . x 26 ' tall
Freedom ' Phiter - M-5100 w/2-K550 , O-9600 ( 3 - M3200 )
Rocket Friends - Famous Rocket
Folk that I call " friends "
O - ZONE - DEAP O-4280 , O-5000 , and O-6000
Nike Smoke - DEAP P-7500 in 16 " Full Scale Model
Mega Miranda - M-2240 and N - 2000 ( " Chrome Dome " chromed nose cone )
Flaming 12 " V - 2 - M-1850GG and M-2200 Skidmark
Carbon Bee - L-1175 , L-1120 , L-688 Yellow Jacket , M - 1015DH , and M -2000 Skidmark , and again .
DEAP - Deville Engineering and Aerospace Propulsion
Aerospike - Nozzle development program
Big Daddy - O-5200 and O-6000 powering a large rocket built by Rick Waters and Chris Standish
FITSat 3 - O-6000 Static test with DEAP 6 for Florida Institute of Technology
Lunar Express - J-415 , J-570 , K- 500 , K - 1050 , and L - 1860
Pterodactyl - A number of big cluster flights in L range of power , L- 4500 Skidmark / Yellow Jacket
High Altitude Flights - Nimbus ( K - 550 and K - 250 ) , Cumulonimbus ( L-3000 ) , Mindy and Mindy2 ( K - 250's )
V2 - J-415 , K- 550 , K - 550 , L-900 Green Gorilla , AT L - 850 , L- 1000 Skidmark , and L - 1650 Blue
Frankenstein - DPS L-1000 Inferno Red and L - 585 Dirty Harry
Bowling Ball Lofters - Cats Eye , Mirage , and Zoom on various K motors
Miscellaneous - Beanie Magg , Ultimate Endeavor , Experimental , and Video Miranda
The Rocket Room -
Where inspiration abounded
Fallopian - DEAP M-1600
Other Peoples Cool Rockets ...
LDRS 25
LDRS 26
RRS Space Shot
Space Shuttle
Space Shuttle - STS - 119
Freedom Hybrids
Sounding Rockets and Missiles
Super Loki-Dart - Mach 5 in 2.1 seconds !
Kevin Metzler 's Aerobee 150A on a P - motor
Other great Tripoli South Florida flights
Zinc Sulfur Rockets
Comments , Questions or Suggestions ---> ddeville@msn.com
BAGHDAD —
The top US military officer in Iraq warned on Wednesday of attacks in the run-up to an expected January general election and said he would ask Washington to alter troop drawdown plans if necessary .
General Ray Odierno told reporters in Baghdad that although all American combat troops are due to pull out by August 2010 , the plan could change between now and May if the security situation deteriorates .
ADVERTISEMENT
The threat of political violence linked to the election is a major concern for the government and US forces in the wake of bloody attacks in Baghdad on August 19 and October 25 which killed more than 250 people .
The attacks were aimed at the heart of government , including truck bombings outside the finance , foreign and justice ministries , and punctured confidence in Iraq ’s domestic security forces .
“ We believe that there will be an attempt to conduct more attacks between now and the election , ” said Odierno .
“ We have gotten some good information , we understand the leads we have and we have had some success in picking up individuals who were involved but we have by no means eliminated the threat , ” he said , referring to subsequent Iraqi- led investigations , in which the US has provided assistance .
Security and counter - terrorism measures outside Baghdad , the restive northern city of Mosul , and along Iraq ’s borders , seen as an entry point for terrorists , have also been stepped up “ significantly ” Odierno said .
ADVERTISEMENT
The election , the second national poll since the 2003 US - led ouster of Saddam Hussein , is in doubt after one of the war - torn country ’s vice presidents , a Sunni , vetoed the law governing the planned January 18 vote .
Christopher Hill , the US ambassador to Baghdad , has previously warned that any hold - up over the election timeline could conceivably alter Washington ’s plans to have all combat troops out of Iraq by next August .
Odierno , however , said the deadline , set by President Barack Obama earlier this year remained flexible depending on the security situation .
ADVERTISEMENT
He said he had up until April or May next year “ if we have to defer from the August 31 date that the president has set . ”
“ I feel very confident that we do n’t have to make any decision until late spring , ” General Ray Odierno told reporters .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Right now I believe that we can meet that date but again if I had to ( ask Washington for a delay ) I would . ”
There are currently 115,000 American soldiers in Iraq .
All US forces are due to exit the country by the end of 2011 under a security agreement signed between Baghdad and Washington last year .
The citizens of Coshocton , Ohio are without their free Internet after a single download prompted the Motion Picture Association of America to shut down the town 's municipal Wi -Fi network .
Advertisement
This is by no means the first time the MPAA has stepped on the little guy in their crusade to eradicate piracy , but it is a particularly egregious instance of it .
The free Wi -Fi network in Coshocton , Ohio supported anywhere from " a dozen people a day to 100 during busy times , " all of whom are left without Internet after the shut down .
As nations like Finland move to make broadband access a legal right , it is unfortunately clear that some powerful people in our country still consider it a privilege and not a necessity .
Advertisement
Let this be a lesson to those who not only enjoy but depend on free Wi -Fi networks .
Enjoy it while it lasts , because if Dennis the Menace down the block can't wait for Transformers 3 to come out on DVD , you might be out a connection .
[ Via BoingBoing ]
Compiling a tribute compilation of the past ten years of Penny Arcade is not an exact science .
My first impulse was to organize everything by chronological order , but because so many of the comics are topical that format rapidly falls apart .
How many people are still going to get a Tribes gag ?
What about the 7th or 8th one ?
Does John Romero even make games anymore ?
Penny Arcade is a work based in the events of the day , more time capsule than timeless .
It ’s a bit like the comic ’s name itself , a dated reference to a bygone form of gaming .
There ’s a Roy Orbison song about the penny arcades from the 1950 ’s where he sings about all the lights and music going on around you .
He describes going to one like having a dream , like being “ lost in a sea of glass and tin ” .
The web comic Penny Arcade sticks with that theme by offering its own enormous library of different styles , topics , and characters .
In terms of plotlines , there are n’t any .
Sometimes Gabe & Tycho live in a house together , sometimes they have kids , and sometimes they are n’t even in the comic .
The two characters read like the descriptions from Richard Bartle ’s taxonomy of Gamers .
Gabe is the Killer / Achiever while Tycho is the Wizard / Socializer .
At E3 in 2003 Tycho is obsessing over game design ideas while Gabe gets ready to attack the Bungie booth for Halo 2 ’s sins .
Gabe ’s love of awful word puns is only matched by Tycho ’s wordy sense of humor .
Like Bartle ’s argument that a solid multiplayer game must have all four archetypes to be successful , the comic ’s coherence comes from the interplay between the two .
Gabe is willing to make anything competitive , even a game like Crayon Physics .
Tycho ’s immense knowledge of all things fantasy leaves him with his own neurotic tendencies , like correcting the notion that Warhammer is ripping off Warcraft .
These are the archetypes of people who play video games .
Whether it ’s explaining a game ’s story or barking on Xbox Live for someone to bring it , these are roles that all of us have assumed at one point or another .
Part of what makes their character work is also the tiny dashes of personality that go into each one .
These are n’t just cookie cutter stereotypes , they are fleshed out with the personal details of Mike Krahulik and Jerry Holkins .
Gabe ’s numerous Kenny Rogers fantasies or Tycho ’s father - son bonding are just a few examples of the quirks that embellish their stories .
In the podcasts they explain that they ’ve always thought of them as characters , extensions of themselves rather than representations .
They look completely different from their creators and act in ways they never could in real life .
It ’s that unique relationship that makes Gabe & Tycho apt for a video game comic because they are their creator ’s avatars .
They are projecting themselves into the roles in that same fashion everyone does while playing a game or role playing in a live gathering .
This notion of Gabe and Tycho being extensions of Holkins and Krahulik plays out in their depiction of games .
There is a distinct division between the comics where they depict their characters in the game and where they are depicting the game ’s characters .
There is always that theme of projection into an identity , only this time with hilarious results .
The hellish repetition of Phantasy Star Online is only made worse when Gabe sternly reminds Tycho that they can’t quit because they ’re almost Level 26 .
Another example where they ’re both inside the game is Gabe playing with the face feature in Tiger Woods just to freak Tycho out .
An awkward feature where in - game advertising is based on what you ’ve been searching leads to a bizarre disparity between their billboards .
A great strip on the three types of Halo 2 players maintains the multi-colored look of Master Chief .
I ’m not trying to claim any kind of uniformity , just that their comics are constantly playing with becoming someone in a virtual world .
A rip on Splinter Cell has everyone drawn as their avatars appear in the game , same as their World of Warcraft comics .
Identity and role play in these games is something you phase in and out of .
Strips where they embellish the characters of the game ’s themselves often poke at the surrealistic issues of trying to stay in - character in these games as well .
The notion of shopping while zombie shooting in Resident Evil 4 is adjusted to have a slightly more realistic response .
The grinding idiocy of a badly translated JRPG like Grandia III culminates in telling the happy - sunshine - flower - healer that you hope she dies on the second disc .
Struggling with Yorda ’s A.I. in ICO or Final Fantasy Tactics Advance ’s insane Judge system are all written from the perspective of characters trying to realistically engage with these game ’s scenarios .
The long elevator trips in Mass Effect are questioned while the NPC ’s offering you DLC - only quests in Dragon
Age bring out the hilarity of someone trying to stay in - character in a video game .
Even the reality of being a henchmen in a game like Ninja Gaiden or two colossi from Shadow of the Colossus chatting about their glowing weak points flesh out these perspectives .
The joke being , if we ’re all losing ourselves in these simulations , how much of this are we just blindly accepting ?
My personal favorite is still their take on Professor Layton .
Tycho sums the game up pretty well when he complains , “ Nobody in this Goddamn game will help me unless I do their fucking math homework . ”
What makes Penny Arcade ’s work impressive is also their relative financial immunity from the industry .
A Seattle Times article explains that after a few months of working independently a business manager named Robert Khoo offered to help them get organized .
They were able to subsist solely on advertising and merchandise after that point , something made even more remarkable because they are actually picky about what ads they will run .
Despite hosting ads for the Prince of Persia sequel , they were disappointed by the final product .
They now insist on playing some version of a game before hosting advertising .
Events like PAX , book collections , and merchandise all help them keep things going .
In an essay in their first collection of comics Attack of the Bacon Robots !
Holkins explains , “ Readers will take care of you .
I ’m speaking from personal experience .
They wo n’t rest ; they ’ll invent a way to do it .
And if you are n’t meeting them halfway , your archives open , if you are not inviting a person into your work , I ’m prepared to say that you are n’t making Webcomics . ”
What this situation creates are two people with a very large soap box who are willing to call people out on their bullshit .
After reading middling reviews of Donkey Konga 2 back in 2005 , one of the early rhythm games , Tycho writes , “ I ’ll tell you that I ’m tired of hearing every person who reviews the fucking game tell me what kinds of music they do n’t like .
I do n’t give a flying fuck what kind of music you listen to .
What I want to know is if these new songs provide interesting , original rhythms I can play solo or with my friends when they come over . ”
When Gabe gets angry about the harsher reviews of Assassin ’s Creed he comments , “ I do n’t read game reviews .
I honestly do n’t see any reason to .
It ’s not hard to rent a game and see for yourself if it ’s any good .
I do n’t know why I should care what number someone I do n’t know and will never meet has attached to the latest game . ”
They also are n’t particularly sympathetic to the pangs of print media ’s demise .
Or even most people ’s reactions to print magazines today .
When Tycho writes a few paragraphs describing what a game is like , he does so with the understanding that your own opinion is perfectly valid .
In 2007 he explains , “ If I had to state the difference between our approach and others , it ’s that we seem to understand that we are simply expressing an opinion .
The age of the psychic reviewer shaman is over .
You should never allow a meaningless , arbitrary integer promulgated by an arbitrary voice who came to power arbitrarily make decisions for you . ”
They ’ve also picked their fair share of fights with people outside of the gaming scene .
When Wiley from Non-Sequitur criticized web media Gabe does n’t hesitate to tear into him for being old and not understanding technology .
Their feud with Scott McCloud ’s vision of web comics is epic and spans years .
When it sparked up again four years later in 2005 over a documentary Tycho wrote , “ Every time I see some book or video purporting to represent “ our scene ” it ’s a Goddamn cavalcade of Scott McCloud acolytes singing one Goddamn note .
Scott McCloud ’s great contribution ?
He championed a bold new high - tech way for artists to be poor …
Everyone has always been able to make “ challenging ” incoherent art that no - one cared about .
And now , with the Internet , more people can not care about it than ever . ”
Their exchanges with Jack Thompson started off innocuously enough but after his challenge to name one good thing that video games have done , Penny Arcade countered with the Child ’s Play charity and it ’s enormous contribution to children ’s hospitals .
Thompson responded with his usual crazed antics .
After Penny Arcade wrote a sharp satire of the media blaming video games for a crazed teen ’s violent outburst , it led to a touching e-mail from the kid ’s step - mother explaining that he was always a “ lying sociopathic asshole ” .
Other moments , like the Todd Goldman fiasco , shows their willingness to engage in the only justice that really exists on the internet : spreading the word .
Tracking through their commentary on gamer culture shows that they cast their net wide when mocking its curious tenants .
The startling effects of playing System Shock 2 or the ridiculous size of the original Xbox Controller are all lampooned .
The early days of online play were raw , brutal experiences where weapons were n’t automatically handed to you but instead had to be found on a map .
This problem was fixed pretty quickly as people got off the dreaded dial - up , but the slur of ‘ camping ’ persisted well beyond its actual meaning .
Before Warcraft III had even been out for a month online play already resembled “ burly men raping you ” .
At first the comic only made a few stray gags about Everquest , but eventually World of Warcraft would change all that .
There are over a dozen comics about that game , so I ’ll just post this one about couples playing together to give the gist of their take on it .
Their lampooning of the console wars both back in the early days and this generation are all on par , as is their comic about the sad truth of the Wii ’s promise of physical immersion .
When the long lines were forming for the PS3 , they did n’t hesitate to point out that the Xbox360 was still available with far more games – not that the Xbox gets left off the hook , they ’ve been mocking the juvenile behavior and even downright creepiness of Xbox Live for years .
And let ’s not forget the empty wasteland that is Playstation Home
Helping all of this commentary stay varied are the numerous series and side - stories in the strip .
One of the longest running characters , Fruit Fucker , has done everything from defeat zombies to star in Grand Theft Auto : San Andreas .
Tycho ’s niece Annarchy has had her own series along with cameos in their games as an NPC and summon attack .
One of my personal favorites is the Div X , an outdated and drunk piece of technology that was obsolete before they even started posting him in strips .
Krahulik explains in the footnote in Bacon Robots that Div “ represents the hypermasculine impulse we strive to repress . ”
There ’s a lot of Div comics to pick from , but this one always gets a laugh out of me .
2009 saw the release of two major side - stories , the Lookouts and the grim techno - noir Automata .
Both stories are only a couple of strips long , telling their stories in just the right amount to make you interested in more if it ever comes up .
The Cardboard Tube Samurai , which began from one humble comic into having a Tekken appearance , continues to produce short poetic stories .
There ’s also a lot of weird crap that does n’t really fit into any category .
Did Twisp & Catsby ever make that much sense ?
Penny Arcade ’s willingness to indulge its own whims is often present , like the insistence on dragging the zombie gag out for years … and years .
Their side - projects are all impressive as well .
After years of tearing into video game magazines they were sharp enough to brace themselves for the payback that would come when their own game came out .
On the Rain Slick Precipice of Darkness is interesting because as a game , it does n’t fall into the classic mistake of trying too hard .
They could have easily tried to create something ridiculous and unworkable to prove that they know everything about games .
Instead , it ’s a solid time - based action RPG that lets you appear in a Penny Arcade strip with Tycho and Gabe .
After seeing the game ’s reviews Gabe acknowledges that liking Penny Arcade is a love it or hate it proposition .
He writes , “ We ’re really just lucky that enough people enjoy fruit fuckers and deep crows to let us make a living off this . ”
Other projects like the amazing charity Child ’s Play have collected over 5 million dollars in donations and toys for children ’s hospitals .
They ’ve even recently begun a Scholarship Program .
The PAX Conventions have gone on long enough to spawn their own DVD documentaries and soundtracks .
They are both testaments to the enormous fanbase of Penny Arcade and their willingness to be more than just fans .
In a comic about supporting a landmark game like Braid Tycho writes , “ The reality is that we can create the kind of culture we want …
We can be the people who find and nurture truly original ideas when they emerge , or we can lament the sorry state of the medium .
We can be consumers , or we can be curators . ”
That ’s something Penny Arcade has always taken to heart in their charity and convention work .
They do n’t just talk about gaming culture , they actively try to shape it .
Critical reaction to the group has been both positive and negative over the years from more than just burned developers and journalists .
Penny Arcade often comes across as a stereotype of gamers because they were the ones who helped shape the stereotype in the first place .
The early years had their fair share of gay jokes that left a lot of people who loved games ostracized .
Yet a spirit of inclusiveness that PixelVixen 707 praised them for has always led to improvements .
Karen Healey writes at Cerise Magazine , “ Ethically and aesthetically , Penny Arcade has improved considerably over its many years .
The gay jokes disappear , and the humour remains , a pointed reminder that homophobia is not necessary for hilarity .
Tycho ’s niece Annarchy appears ; a girl who games , but who does n’t slot into any stereotypical Girl Gamer category .
And just when I think that they have gone one fruit - fucking joke too far , they pull out something like this Gary Gygax Tribute .
It ’s perfect ; absurd , sincere , and touching . ”
Last , but not least , are the things that Penny Arcade created which really are timeless .
Like the secret behind Andrew Ryan ’s golf swing , Gabe ’s declaration that there is a statute of limitations on spoilers is something people are still claiming today .
Probably the comic ’s greatest meme is still John Gabriel ’s Greater Internet Fuckwad Theory , which accurately describes pretty much everyone on the internet .
And then there are the more honest , touching moments .
Krahulik ’s worries about anxiety medication are addressed in a comic .
He discusses it openly in a later post .
In a podcast he comments on the hundreds of e-mails he got from readers with similar issues that were comforted in knowing they were not alone .
Being willing to really put themselves in their comic personas has always been the thing that kept the series engaging .
But to go so far as to propose online ?
That ’s a degree of openness not many could manage on the internet .
There are so many things you can talk about with this series .
The amazing improvements Krahulik ’s artwork has made in ten years and the creative opportunities Holkins has seized on for great side - stories shows they are both capable of consistent adaptation .
It ’s a good thing too , because processing the enormous amount of information that comes with being a video game critic is no easy task .
There are the games that must be played , the online matches that need to be experienced , and the constant flow of blog chatter that must be filtered through .
Penny Arcade is a constant barrage of new ideas and commentary because gaming culture itself is this way .
As Roy Orbison sang about visiting the now faded penny arcades of yesterday , “ Hey step up and play each machine seemed to say , as I walked round and round the penny arcade …
And the music played at the penny arcade , yes it played and it played , played all the time ! ”
[ Updated : December 4 , 2009 various corrections ]
Demolition Sculptures , or : Sandblasting Manhattan
Would you still be able to use those rooms ? , I wonder .
To work in them and go to sleep in them and take stairways up the legs between levels ?
All the while living inside this Empire Strikes Back / robotect sculpture ?
The head , for instance , could be rented out as a two - bedroom flat ...
" As each vacated building is subsequently recycled and transformed into a sculpture , "
What other sculptures of I - beams and rebarred floor plates exist within skyscrapers , from London to Chicago , LA to Beijing ?
A selective pruning of a high - rise 's insides , and a new skyline takes shape , pierced by breezes .
Which leads me to wonder if you could sandblast all the buildings of Manhattan into rounded landscape sculptures , rock , brick , glass , and steel ground down to geometric smoothness .
Aerodynamic .
Like a rock - tumbler , turning backyard gravel into perfect spheres , eggs , and ovals , could you polish the city down to a gleaming rock park of half - abraded office towers , adjoined buildings sanded one into the another like the lips of wooden bowls – just throw the whole island into a rock - tumbler ?
Sandblast new sculptures out of every brownstone .
Or could you declare war on a city not with bombs and missiles but with high - powered industrial abraders and sandblasting machines ?
Turn Manhattan into a smooth series of sandstone arches and contours , all of New York a hulking Utah - like world of " balanced rocks , fins and pinnacles ... highlighted by a striking environment of contrasting colors , landforms and textures " ?
It's
I just saw this at Tropolism , and was amazed : turning abandoned buildings – into sculptures .
Would you still be able to use those rooms ? , I wonder .
To work in them and go to sleep in them and take stairways up the legs between levels ?
All the while living inside this / robotect sculpture ?
The head , for instance , could be rented out as a two - bedroom flat ...
" As each vacated building is subsequently recycled and transformed into a sculpture , " the architects write , " abandonment and demolition is no longer viewed as a negative process but becomes a celebration for cultural creation , urban revitalization , and identity building .
" What other sculptures of I - beams and rebarred floor plates exist within skyscrapers , from London to Chicago , LA to Beijing ?
A selective pruning of a high - rise 's insides , and a new skyline takes shape , pierced by breezes .
Which leads me to wonder if you could sandblast all the buildings of Manhattan into rounded landscape sculptures , rock , brick , glass , and steel ground down to geometric smoothness .
Aerodynamic .
Like a rock - tumbler , turning backyard gravel into perfect spheres , eggs , and ovals , could youdown to a gleaming rock park of half - abraded office towers , adjoined buildings sanded one into the another like the lips of wooden bowls – just throw the whole island into a rock - tumbler ?
Sandblast new sculptures out of every brownstone .
Or could you declare war on a city not with bombs and missiles but with high - powered industrial abraders and sandblasting machines ?
Turn Manhattan into a smooth series of sandstone arches and contours , all of New York a hulking Utah - like world of " balanced rocks , fins and pinnacles ... highlighted by a striking environment of contrasting colors , landforms and textures " ?
It 's Arches National Park : Manhattan Branch .
All that bedrock , geology and form released – by the geotechnical avant - garde .
City sculptors .
Sandblasting the torqued ruins of Manhattan ; then moving back to re-colonize those polished canyons .
Newer | Older
