Editor 's note : Stephen Meyer is director of the Discovery Institute 's Center for Science and Culture , which supports research challenging " neo-Darwinian theory " and supports work on the theory of " intelligent design . "
He is the author of " Signature in the Cell : DNA and the Evidence for Intelligent Design . "
He received his Ph.D. in the Philosophy of Science from Cambridge University .
( CNN ) --
While we officially celebrate the 150th anniversary of the publication of Charles Darwin 's " On the Origin of Species " on November 24 , celebrations of Darwin 's legacy have actually been building in intensity for several years .
Darwin is not just an important 19th century scientific thinker .
Increasingly , he is a cultural icon .
Darwin is the subject of adulation that teeters on the edge of hero worship , expressed in everything from scholarly seminars and lecture series to best - selling new atheist tracts like those by Richard Dawkins and Christopher Hitchens .
The atheists claim that Darwin disproved once and for all the argument for intelligent design from nature .
And that of course is why he remains hugely controversial .
A Zogby poll commissioned by the Discovery Institute this year found that 52 percent of Americans agree " the development of life was guided by intelligent design . "
Those who are not scientists may wonder if they have a right to entertain skepticism about Darwinian theory .
Read a leading Darwin proponent 's view that evolution leaves no room for intelligent design theory
We are told that a consensus of scientists supporting the theory means that Darwinian evolution is no longer subject to debate .
But does it ever happen that a seemingly broad consensus of scientific expertise turns out to be wrong , generated by an ideologically motivated stampeding of opinion ?
Of course , that does happen .
Many ideologically driven crusades in science -- the earth - centered solar system and eugenics , for example -- survived long after supposed evidence for these ideas evaporated .
And precisely the same thing is happening today in the ideologically charged field of evolutionary biology .
Indeed , there are strong scientific reasons to doubt the consensus about Darwin 's theory and what it allegedly proved .
Contrary to Darwinian orthodoxy , the fossil record actually challenges the idea that all organisms have evolved from a single common ancestor .
Why ?
Fossil studies reveal " a biological big bang " near the beginning of the Cambrian period ( 520 million years ago ) when many major , separate groups of organisms or " phyla " ( including most animal body plans ) emerged suddenly without clear precursors .
Fossil finds repeatedly have confirmed a pattern of explosive appearance and prolonged stability in living forms , not the gradual " branching - tree " pattern implied by Darwin 's common ancestry thesis .
There are also reasons to doubt the creative power of Darwin 's mechanism of natural selection .
While many scientists accept that natural selection can produce small - scale " micro-evolutionary " variations , many biologists now doubt that natural selection and random mutations can generate the large - scale changes necessary to produce fundamentally new structures and forms of life .
For this reason more than 800 scientists , including professors from institutions such as Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Yale and Rice universities and members of various national ( U.S. , Russian , Czech , Polish ) academies of science have signed a statement questioning the creative power of the selection / mutation mechanism .
Increasingly , there are reasons to doubt the Darwinian idea that living things merely " appear " to be designed .
Instead , living systems display telltale signs of actual or " intelligent " design such as the presence of complex circuits , miniature motors and digital information in living cells .
Consider the implications , for example , of one of modern biology 's most important discoveries .
In 1953 when Watson and Crick elucidated the structure of the DNA molecule , they made a startling discovery .
The structure of DNA allows it to store information in the form of a four - character digital code , similar to a computer code .
This discovery highlights a scientific mystery that Darwin never addressed : how did the first life on earth arise ?
To date no theory of undirected chemical evolution has explained the origin of the information needed to build the first living cell .
Instead , the digital code and information processing systems that run the show in living cells point decisively toward prior intelligent design .
Indeed , we know from our repeated experience -- the basis of all scientific reasoning -- that systems possessing these features always arise from an intelligent source -- from minds , not material processes .
Darwin's " revolutionary " legacy on display
DNA functions like a software program .
We know that software comes from programmers .
Information -- whether inscribed in hieroglyphics , written in a book , or encoded in a radio signal -- always arises from a designing intelligence .
So the discovery of digital code in DNA provides a strong scientific reason for concluding that the information in DNA also had an intelligent source .
Despite the consensus view that Darwin showed that " design could arise without a designer " there is now compelling scientific evidence of actual intelligent design in even the simplest living cells .
The question of biological origins has long raised profound philosophical questions .
Is life the result of purely material processes or did a purposive intelligence play a role ?
It 's not surprising that such a worldview - shaping issue would illicit strong passions and disagreements .
All the more reason to let the evidence , rather than a supposed consensus , determine the outcome of what is , in fact , a very legitimate and important debate about the Darwinian legacy .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Stephen Meyer .
Welcome to the Green Vice President Blog Site !
This blog is dedicated to Senator Loren Legarda to keep us posted about her advocacies and bid for the Vice Presidency in 2010 .
The CIA has funneled hundreds of millions of dollars to Pakistan ’s intelligence service since the Sept. 11 attacks , accounting for as much as one - third of the foreign spy agency ’s annual budget , current and former U.S. officials say .
The Inter - Services Intelligence agency also has collected tens of millions of dollars through a classified CIA program that pays for the capture or killing of wanted militants , a clandestine counterpart to the rewards publicly offered by the State Department , officials said .
The payments have triggered intense debate within the U.S. government , officials said , because of long - standing suspicions that the ISI continues to help Taliban extremists who undermine U.S. efforts in Afghanistan and provide sanctuary to Al Qaeda members in Pakistan .
But U.S. officials have continued the funding because the ISI ’s assistance is considered crucial : Almost every major terrorist plot this decade has originated in Pakistan ’s tribal belt , where ISI informant networks are a primary source of intelligence .
Advertisement
The White House National Security Council has “ this debate every year , ” said a former high - ranking U.S. intelligence official involved in the discussions .
Like others , the official spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the subject .
Despite deep misgivings about the ISI , the official said , “ there was no other game in town . ”
The payments to Pakistan are authorized under a covert program initially approved by then - President Bush and continued under President Obama .
The CIA declined to comment on the agency ’s financial ties to the ISI .
U.S. officials often tout U.S. - Pakistani intelligence cooperation .
But the extent of the financial underpinnings of that relationship have never been publicly disclosed .
The CIA payments are a hidden stream in a much broader financial flow ; the U.S. has given Pakistan more than $ 15 billion over the last eight years in military and civilian aid .
Congress recently approved an extra $ 1 billion a year to help Pakistan stabilize its tribal belt at a time when Obama is considering whether to send tens of thousands of additional troops to Afghanistan .
Advertisement
The ISI has used the covert CIA money for a variety of purposes , including the construction of a new headquarters in Islamabad , the capital .
That project pleased CIA officials because it replaced a structure considered vulnerable to attack ; it also eased fears that the U.S. money would end up in the private bank accounts of ISI officials .
In fact , CIA officials were so worried that the money would be wasted that the agency ’s station chief at the time , Robert Grenier , went to the head of the ISI to extract a promise that it would be put to good use .
“ What we did n’t want to happen was for this group of generals in power at the time to just start putting it in their pockets or building mansions in Dubai , ” said a former CIA operative who served in Islamabad .
The scale of the payments shows the extent to which money has fueled an espionage alliance that has been credited with damaging Al Qaeda but also plagued by distrust .
Advertisement
The complexity of the relationship is reflected in other ways .
Officials said the CIA has routinely brought ISI operatives to a secret training facility in North Carolina , even as U.S. intelligence analysts try to assess whether segments of the ISI have worked against U.S. interests .
A report distributed in late 2007 by the National Intelligence Council was characteristically conflicted on the question of the ISI ’s ties to the Afghan Taliban , a relationship that traces back to Pakistan ’s support for Islamic militants fighting to oust the Soviets from Afghanistan .
“ Ultimately , the report said what all the other reports said -- that it was inconclusive , ” said a former senior U.S. national security official .
“ You definitely can find ISI officers doing things we do n’t like , but on the other hand you ’ve got no smoking gun from command and control that links them to the activities of the insurgents . ”
Given the size of overt military and civilian aid to Pakistan , CIA officials argue that their own disbursements -- particularly the bounties for suspected terrorists -- should be considered a bargain .
Advertisement
“ They gave us 600 to 700 people captured or dead , ” said one former senior CIA official who worked with the Pakistanis .
“ Getting these guys off the street was a good thing , and it was a big savings to [ U.S. ] taxpayers . ”
A U.S. intelligence official said Pakistan had made “ decisive contributions to counter - terrorism . ”
“ They have people dying almost every day , ” the official said .
“ Sure , their interests do n’t always match up with ours .
But things would be one hell of a lot worse if the government there was hostile to us . ”
The CIA also directs millions of dollars to other foreign spy services .
But the magnitude of the payments to the ISI reflect Pakistan ’s central role .
The CIA depends on Pakistan ’s cooperation to carry out missile strikes by Predator drones that have killed dozens of suspected extremists in Pakistani border areas .
Advertisement
The ISI is a highly compartmentalized intelligence service , with divisions that sometimes seem at odds with one another .
Units that work closely with the CIA are walled off from a highly secretive branch that has directed insurgencies in Afghanistan and Kashmir .
“ There really are two ISIs , ” the former CIA operative said .
“ On the counter - terrorism side , those guys were in lock - step with us , ” the former operative said .
“ And then there was the ‘ long - beard ’ side .
Those are the ones who created the Taliban and are supporting groups like Haqqani . ”
The network led by Jalaluddin Haqqani has been accused of carrying out a series of suicide attacks in Afghanistan , including the 2008 bombing of the Indian Embassy in Kabul .
Pakistani leaders , offended by questions about their commitment , point to their capture of high - value targets , including accused Sept. 11 organizer Khalid Shaikh Mohammed .
They also underscore the price their spy service has paid .
Advertisement
Militants hit ISI ’s regional headquarters in Peshawar on Friday in an attack that killed at least 10 people .
In May , a similar strike near an ISI facility in Lahore killed more than two dozen people .
Gen. Ashfaq Kayani , who served as ISI director before becoming army chief of staff , has told U.S. officials that dozens of ISI operatives have been killed in operations conducted at the behest of the United States .
A onetime aide to former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice described a pointed exchange in which Kayani said his spies were no safer than CIA agents when trying to infiltrate notoriously hostile Pashtun tribes .
“ Madame Secretary , they call us all white men , ” Kayani said , according to the former aide .
CIA payments to the ISI can be traced to the 1980s , when the Pakistani agency managed the flow of money and weapons to the Afghan mujahedin .
That support slowed during the 1990s , after the Soviets were expelled from Afghanistan , but increased after the Sept. 11 attacks .
Advertisement
In addition to bankrolling the ISI ’s budget , the CIA created a clandestine reward program that paid bounties for suspected terrorists .
The first check , for $ 10 million , was for the capture of Abu Zubaydah , a top Al Qaeda figure , the former official said .
The ISI got $ 25 million more for Khalid Shaikh Mohammed ’s capture .
But the CIA ’s most - wanted list went beyond those widely known names .
“ There were a lot of people I had never heard of , and they were good for $ 1 million or more , ” said a former CIA official who served in Islamabad .
Former CIA Director George J. Tenet acknowledged the bounties in a little - noticed section in his 2007 memoir .
Sometimes , payments were made with a dramatic flair .
Advertisement
“ We would show up in someone ’s office , offer our thanks , and we would leave behind a briefcase full of $ 100 bills , sometimes totaling more than a million in a single transaction , ” Tenet wrote .
The CIA ’s bounty program was conceived as a counterpart to the Rewards for Justice program administered by the State Department .
The rules of that program render officials of foreign governments ineligible , making it meaningless to intelligence services such as the ISI .
The reward payments have slowed as the number of suspected Al Qaeda operatives captured or killed by the ISI has declined .
Many militants fled from major cities where the ISI has a large presence to tribal regions patrolled by Predator drones .
The CIA has set limits on how the money and rewards are used .
In particular , officials said , the agency has refused to pay rewards to the ISI for information used in Predator strikes .
Advertisement
U.S. officials were reluctant to give the ISI a financial incentive to nominate targets , and feared doing so would lead the Pakistanis to refrain from sharing other kinds of intelligence .
“ It ’s a fine line , ” said a former senior U.S. counter - terrorism official involved in policy decisions on Pakistan .
“ You do n’t want to create perverse incentives that corrode the relationship . ”
--
greg.miller@latimes.com
Advertisement
Times staff writer Alex Rodriguez in Islamabad contributed to this report .
America 's reputed long - standing indifference towards literature in translation was thrown in doubt this weekend when Icelandic author Arnaldur Indridason and the late Swedish journalist Stieg Larsson picked up a host of awards at the major US mystery convention Bouchercon .
Indridason 's
The Draining Lake , in which a skeleton is discovered in an Icelandic lake after an earthquake , picked up the Barry award for best novel , voted for by readers of Deadly Pleasures and Mystery News .
Larsson 's first Lisbeth Salander tale , The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo , won best first novel prize in the prestigious Anthony awards – voted for by the 1,700 crime fans at the convention – and the Macavity awards , named for TS Eliot 's " mystery cat " and voted for by members of Mystery Readers International .
Steve Murray , Larsson 's English translator , was at the convention and said it was " great to see the fans and other writers voting for him " .
" The awareness of Scandinavian crime fiction has certainly been building , with Henning Mankell and others softening readers up for Stieg , " he said .
" Then he came along and was so much better than all the others . "
Larsson 's British publisher Christopher MacLehose at Quercus agreed .
" The crime writers in translation are for perfectly obvious statistical reasons better than English ones , because they are all chosen by serious publishers in their countries of origin and filtered down and down before they get translated into English , " he said .
" We 're translating a tiny proportion so we should be getting the best of the best . "
Indridason 's editor Stuart Williams at Harvill Secker said that the success of authors such as Larsson marked " another evolutionary stage " in attitudes to translated crime .
" More than a seismic change in attitudes , [ it 's ] a case of readers finding their way in ever - swelling numbers to a type of writing that happens to be enjoying a purple patch , " he said .
Williams believes readers are responding to the " absence of melodrama " in Indridason 's books .
" They are as subtle , engrossing and richly textured as life , " he said , adding that , along with the prize win , forthcoming Hollywood adaptations of the Icelandic writer 's books would also increase his readership .
" With a few fortunate writers , like Larsson , success comes as a deserved lightening strike ; with most others it 's a process of readers cottoning on and the fanbase snowballing from book to book , " he said .
( CNN ) --
An influential adviser to the U.S. commander in Afghanistan declared Friday that anything less than 25,000 extra international troops in the country would not be enough to win .
A bomb exploded in Kabul on the corner of Passport Lane and the Indian Embassy Thursday .
David Kilcullen , who also advised U.S. commanders in Iraq , told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour the window of opportunity to turn around the war is closing .
Kilcullen 's comments came as President Barack Obama , only hours after being awarded the Nobel Peace Prize , again met with his top advisers to discuss strategy and troop levels in Afghanistan .
The U.S. commander in Afghanistan , Gen. Stanley McChrystal , is reportedly asking for up to 40,000 extra troops .
Some reports say there is an option on the table to send 60,000 additional troops , almost doubling the U.S. force now in the country .
Kilcullen , who has just come back from Afghanistan -- said the Obama administration needs to finish the strategy review as soon as possible .
While the war is not as bad as some say , " it 's worse than any other time in the past , " he said .
He identified three critical problems in Afghanistan : the lack of legitimacy for the government , the existence of safe havens for terrorists across the border in Pakistan , and the lack of military resources .
He said it will not be possible to protect the Afghan population -- the key to any counterinsurgency strategy -- without a substantial input of additional resources .
Security in major population centers in Afghanistan is vital , Kilcullen said , as the perceptions of the Afghan people are critical to turning around the war .
" People are angry at the coalition sometimes , not because we are there , but because we are not providing security , " he said .
Nothing else will matter if the counterinsurgent forces do not control the environment , he asserted .
It also is critical to end the corruption that feeds the violence , he said .
Corruption creates anger and bad government , which creates space for the Taliban , which in turn leads to poppy cultivation across the country , he said .
That floods the country with money , which creates even more corruption .
But Kilcullen spoke positively about some aspects of the efforts to defeat the insurgency .
He said he has never seen a better leadership team in the International Security Assistance Force , the U.S. military , and the American Embassy .
In addition , he said , the Afghan military has improved , though he noted there are still problems with the Afghan police .
In Kilcullen 's view , the biggest problem is with the civilian leadership in Afghanistan .
July 31 , 2009 --
We , the undersigned social , political and solidarity organisations , faced with the ongoing coup d’état in Honduras and the imperialist project of installing military bases in Colombia whose objective is to throttle the hope for liberty and emancipation across the Latin American continent ,
Declare :
1 . Our complete support for the immediate and unrestricted return of President Manuel Zelaya and the restitution of constitutional order , without conditions , to Honduras .
Furthermore , we demand the punishment of those responsible for the coup d’état and the recognition of people ’s sovereignty to freely decide their future , through referendum , consultation or any other means of participative democracy .
2 . We denounce the cynicism shown by the US government and its satellites in the Organisation of America States , with an attitude which speaks of the recognition of the constitutionality of Zelaya ’s Presidency at the same time as they reach agreements and hold conversations with the organisers of the coup , and carry out all types of delaying tactics with the objective of demobilising the impressive resistance movement which has been awakened in the interior of Honduras , coordinated in the National Resistance Front against the Coup .
3 . We consider that all this is part of a planned offensive by North American imperialism and the transnationals , against the countries of the Alba ( Bolivarian Alliance for the Americas ) and all the progressive forces in Latin America in order to preserve their hegemony , their free trade agreements and their interests in privatisation and the exploitation of natural resources .
4 . We reject the suspiciously coordinated campaign of false accusations and lies against the Ecuadorian and Venezuelan governments , originating in the USA — the world ’s biggest drug consumer — and Colombia : the biggest producer , thanks to its government , headed by narcopresident Uribe .
The leading figures in the international drugs trade have the nerve to talk of the failure of the anti drugs policy in Venezuela .
All of this is aimed at justifying the US military presence in the zone , with “ Plan Colombia ” .
5 . We alert public opinion about the seriousness of Colombia becoming the biggest aircraft carrier in history , with the installation of up to seven North American bases , an undisguised threat to the sovereignty of all Latin American countries .
It represents a very grave step towards the internationalisation Colombia ’s internal conflict and carries the risk of destabilising the whole region , with a provocation of unforeseeable consequences .
6 . We denounce all the media multinationals , from CNN to the Spanish Prisa group , and the whole network of channels , newspapers and radio stations which belong to the local oligarchies , with their “ cartel ” , the Inter American Press Association , which combine disinformation with lies , in order to create a virtual reality in world public opinion , as a foundation for developing military offensives .
7 . We express our commitment to organising all types of solidarity action , as of today and in the most coordinated way possible , to respond robustly to any type of aggression .
Against the oligarchies , the fascist coup in Honduras and the imperialist threat in all of Latin America
Please rush signatures to : assembleabolivariana@gmail.com
* * *
Para enviar adhesiones : assembleabolivariana@gmail.com
ORGANITZACIONES
ESTADO ESPAÑOL
Agrupación Local del PCPV - PCE de Sant Joan d'Alacant .
Asociación Asturiana Gaspar García Laviana
Asociación Ateos y Republicanos
Asociación Cultural Iberoamericana " SCORZA "
Asociación de Solidaridad Bolivariana
Asociación Socialismo XXI
Assemblea Bolivariana de Catalunya
Asamblea de Apoyo a Evo Morales y al Proceso Constituyente en Bolívia
A B F BOLIVIANO SAYARIY - URUS
AAVV can Ricart
Ateneu Art i Cultura de l’Escala .
Ateneu Rebel ( Poble Sec , Barcelona )
Brigada Vallesana Simón Bolívar
Casal Argentino de Barcelona
CASAL D'AMISTAT AMB CUBA DE BADALONA
Casal d’amistat Català - Cubà de Barcelona .
Círculo Bolivariano de Las Palmas Alí Primera
Col·lectiu Maloka ( Colombia )
Central de Trabajadores de la Argentina CTA - Barcelona
Colectivo 26 de Julio ( Madrid )
Colectivo Latinoamérica XXI
Colectivo Chileno Mapuche Peuma Trawün Chile
Col·lectiu Local de EUPV - Sant Joan .
( Alacant )
COMITÈ DE SOLIDARITAT AMB ELS POBLES INDÍGENES
D´ AMÈRICA
ECUADOR LLACTACARU
Educació per a l'Acció Crítica - EdPAC
ENDAVANT ( OSAN )
En Defensa del marxismo ( Revista )
En Lluita
Espai Marx
FAIV , Federación de Asociaciones de Inmigrantes del Valles
FARGA ( Fòrum Anticapitalista per la Reflexió y Generació d’alternatives )
Grupo de Apoyo a la Central de trabajadores de la Argentina de Barcelona
Iniciativa Solidaria Internacionalista ( ISI ) , Burgos .
Izquierda Anticapitalista .
Libres del Sur-Argentina ( Red en el Estado Español )
Marxa Mundial de Dones de Catalunya .
Partit dels Comunistes de Catalunya ( PCC )
PCE ( m- l ) , Catalunya .
Plataforma Bolivariana de Solidaridad con Venezuela de Madrid
PLATAFORMA SIMÓN BOLIVAR DE GRANADA
PSUC ( viu )
REPSOLMATA
Revolta Global - Esquerra Anticapitalista
Soldepaz pachakuti
BELGICA
ARLAC
CADTM ( Comité pour l'annulation de la dette du Tiers Monde )
BRASIL
PROMUNDI
ECUADOR
Colectivo Feminista de Ecuador
Refundación Socialista de Ecuador
EL SALVADOR
Grupo Trova
FRANCIA
MRAP - France ( Movimiento contra el Racismo y por la Amnistía entre los Pueblos )
NPA ( Nouveau Parti Anticapitaliste )
FINLANDIA
handsoffvenezuela- Finlandia
MARTINICA
Groupe Revolution Socialiste( GRS ) ( Martinique )
Centrale Democratique Martiniquaise des Travailleurs ( CDMT )
Union des Femmes de la Martinique
Association Martinique / Venezuela
NORUEGA
Nettverk for Venezuela
PANAMA
Movimiento de la Juventud Popular Revolucionaria ( MJP )
Partido Alternativa Popular ( P.A.P )
VENEZUELA
Propagando.org
FUNDESO , Frente Unido Nacional De Deportistas Socialistas
Adhesiones individuales :
ARGENTINA
Claudio Katz , ( economista )
Eduardo Lucita ( economista )
Analia Averbuj - Periodista
Pérez Nélida Isabel .
ESTADO ESPAÑOL
Alberto Herbera Lopez , obrero metalúrgico , Catalunya
Anna Gabarró Haro
Antoni Lucchetti , advocat , economista i doctor en Historia Económica
Belén Gopegui .
Novelista .
España .
Carlos Soriano Clemente , Catalunya .
Cesk Freixas , cantautor i militant d'Endavant ( OSAN ) .
Claudia Calvo Dufort , Catalunya
Constantino Bértolo .
Editor .
Diosdado Toledano Gonzalez , miembro de la Comisión Ejecutiva de Izquierda Unida Federal
Esther Vivas , activista y miembro de Izquierda Anticapitalista
Giniveth Soto Quintana .
Partido Socialista Unido de Venezuela .
( Plataforma Bolivariana de Madrid )
José Gregorio Bracho Reyes
Juan Ramón Rodríguez Madridejos .
Abogado del Movimiento Intercultural por los DDHH .
España
Kilian Ramiro Grau , Artista .
Mariano Franchy Rodríguez .
Islas Canarias .
M. Gabriela Serra. Entrepobles
Mònica Monroy Jurado , Catalunya , Estat Espanyol
Montse Campoy Mestres , Catalunya .
Nydia Mayela Rangel Cárdenas
Òscar Diego Garcia , Catalunya , Estat Espanyol
Patricio Arenas
Ramón Franquesa , Profesor Economía Mundial , Universitat de Barcelona
Robert Gonzàlez Garcia , profesor de secundaria i militante de la USTEC
Sudaka Topo
Verónica Diaz Costanti
Vicente Cervantes Sánchez , Coordinador Azogue.net
Vinx - RadioChango
FRANCIA
Alain Krivine
Beatrice Whitaker ( NPA )
Daniel Bensaid .
François Sabado
Franck Gaudichaud - France Amerique Latine / Rebelion.org
Michael Lowy
Myriam Martin .
Olivier Besancenot ( NPA )
Omar Slaouti .
Roseline Vacheta .
Milagros Riera
VENEZUELA
Cesyen Cedeño ( Mérida )
Luis Antonio Henríquez Arocha , ( Caracas )
Roberto López . Maracaibo .
Unión Nacional de Trabajadores del Estado Zulia .
Roland Denis
POLONIA
Zbigniew Marcin Kowalewski , investigador y editor .
Getting into the spirit of giving during the holiday season may seem like a struggle , but it turns out generous people are n’t fighting the urge to screw others over , as some have suggested .
Instead , generosity – or the desire for fairness – seems automatic and arises from activation in a brain area that controls intuition and emotion .
Neuropsychologists define “ prosocial ” people as those who prefer to share and share alike , and “ individualists ” as those who are primarily concerned with maximising their own gain .
Inequality aversion
According to one theory , the difference between these two groups is that prosocial people actively suppress their selfish tendencies with the help of their prefrontal cortex .
But Masahiko Haruno of Tamagawa University in Tokyo , Japan wondered if some people might instead have an automatic aversion to inequality .
Advertisement
Haruno , along with Christopher Frith of University College London used functional MRI to scan the brains of 25 prosocial people and 14 individualists ( presorted using a standard behavioral test ) while they rated their preference for a series of money distributions between themselves and a hypothetical other person .
As expected , the prosocial group preferred even splits while the individualists favoured distributions where they got the most money .
Active amygdala
A less predictable finding was that the only brain region that differed in activity between the two groups was the amygdala .
When presented with unfair money distributions the activity in the amygdala increased significantly in prosocial people but not in the individualists .
“ And the more they disliked the split , the more activity you saw in this region , ” says Frith .
“ The amygdala tends to respond automatically , without thought , or even without awareness , ” says Frith .
Combined with the fact that there was no difference in activity in the prefrontal cortex – responsible for suppressing urges – this suggested that the suppression theory might not be borne out .
To further test if the prosocial aversion to unfairness was automatic , the researchers repeated the test , this time giving the participants a memory task to complete at the same time as they rated the splits .
They found that the prosocials ’ brains still reacted to the unfair distributions , even when the parts of their brain responsible for deliberative processes were taken up by other tasks , suggesting they were not suppressing selfish desires .
Knee - jerk morality
Carolyn Declerck , a neuroeconomist at the University of Antwerp , Belgium , says the results fit with her own , as yet unpublished , data showing that prosocials seem to be driven by an automatic sense of morality .
“ So far , all our behavioural and fMRI experiments confirm that prosocials are intrinsically motivated to cooperate , ” she says .
Haruno will next try to figure out how this difference in the activity of the amygdala arises .
It ’s partly genetic , but also likely influenced by a person ’s environment , he says , particularly the social interactions during childhood .
He says it is interesting to think there might be ways to promote this activity to “ realise a more prosocial society . ”
Journal reference : Nature Neuroscience , DOI:10.1038/nn.2468
While hoping for a future of cooperation with other nations , the U.S. Navy is simultaneously planning for potential combat situations that may arise once global warming has melted the Arctic Ocean ’s summer ice within two decades .
A 35 - page memo from the Department of the Navy spells out a five - year plan expressing the need to develop new technology and strategies in the event things become contentious in the open waters of the Arctic Circle by 2030 .
“ This opening of the Arctic may lead to increased resource development , research , tourism , and could reshape the global transportation system , ” read the memo authored by Admiral Jonathan W. Greenert , vice - chief of Naval Operations .
“ These developments offer opportunities for growth , but also are potential sources of competition and conflict for access and natural resources . ”
Naval officials want America ’s sea-faring forces to be able to execute undersea warfare , expeditionary warfare , strike warfare , strategic sealift and regional security co-operation .
Ottawa Citizen : “ If you read the document carefully you ’ll see a dual language , one where they ’re saying , ‘ We ’ve got to start working together ’ ... and ( then ) they start saying , ‘ We have to get new instrumentation for our combat officers . ’” Rob Huebert , associate director at the Centre for Military and Strategic Studies at the University of Calgary , told the : “ If you read the document carefully you ’ll see a dual language , one where they ’re saying , ‘ We ’ve got to start working together ’ ... and ( then ) they start saying , ‘ We have to get new instrumentation for our combat officers . ’”
Huebert added that the United States is n’t the only power gearing up its navy for a new ocean frontier .
Russia is developing and testing its new Bulava submarine - launched ballistic missile , while Norway and Denmark have been bolstering their militaries with Arctic - capable ships and planes .
Canada is developing a military training center in the Arctic and building a new port that will house icebreakers and a fleet of Arctic patrol ships .
- Noel Brinkerhoff
Dengue fever does the opposite of what you might expect .
Unlike for many diseases , if you 've had this tropical virus and recovered , you might be worse off , as a second exposure to the dengue virus can be life threatening .
So keeping track of the strains of the diseases is an important problem which can be solved with the help of a little randomness .
Read more ...
London , September , 1853 .
A cholera outbreak has decimated Soho , killing 10 % of the population and wiping out entire families in days .
Current medical theories assert that the disease is spread by " bad air " emanating from the stinking open sewers .
But one physician , John Snow , has a different theory : that cholera is spread through contaminated water .
And he is just about to use mathematics to prove that he is right .
Read more ...
We talk to Paddy Farrington , Professor of Statistics at the Open University , about issues surrounding vaccination safety .
Hear more ...
Vaccination is an emotive business .
The furore around the MMR vaccine and autism has shown that vaccination health scares can cause considerable damage : stop vaccinating , and epidemics are sure to follow .
But how do scientists decide whether a vaccine and a vaccination strategy are effective and safe ?
( This article is accompanied by a podcast . )
Read more ...
We have all become more aware of the dangers of influenza this year , but why is it so dangerous ?
Julia
Gog explains that the unusual structure of the influenza genome can lead to dangerous evolutionary jumps , and how mathematics is helping to understand how the virus replicates .
Read more ...
Over the past one hundred years , mathematics has been used to understand and predict the spread of diseases , relating important public - health questions to basic infection parameters .
Matthew Keeling describes some of the mathematical developments that have improved our understanding and predictive ability .
Read more ...
When a new infectious disease has broken out , how do you get those vital first estimates on numbers of infected and dead .
This article , a news item from July 2009 , looks at monitoring systems .
Read more ...
Swine flu has turned out to be much milder than was feared at first , leading to accusations of initial hype levelled at the government and scientists .
But even at the start of the outbreak , scientists were accused at scare mongering .
This article , a news item from May 2009 , explains how prediction about the spread of the infection are made .
Read more ...
Buses may be safer than babies , at least when it comes to swine flu .
Preliminary results from an online flu survey suggest that contact with children poses one of the greatest swine flu risk factors , while the use of public transport seems surprisingly safe .
Read more ...
Researchers are uncovering new insights into the structures of viruses and the mechanisms underlying virus assembly , and how this potentially opens up novel possibilities for anti-viral drug design .
Read more ...
— Travelling bank notes mimic the spread of diseases .
Read more ...
Exclusive
The latest version of Microsoft 's Internet Explorer browser contains a bug that can enable serious security attacks against websites that are otherwise safe .
The flaw in IE 8 can be exploited to introduce XSS , or cross - site scripting , errors on webpages that are otherwise safe , according to two Register sources , who discussed the bug on the condition they not be identified .
Microsoft was notified of the vulnerability a few months ago , they said .
Ironically , the flaw resides in a protection added by Microsoft developers to IE 8 that 's designed to prevent XSS attacks against sites .
The feature works by rewriting vulnerable pages using a technique known as output encoding so that harmful characters and values are replaced with safer ones .
A Google spokesman confirmed there is a " significant flaw " in the IE 8 feature but declined to provide specifics .
It 's not clear how the protections can cause XSS vulnerabilities in websites that are otherwise safe .
Michael Coates - a senior application security engineer at Aspect Security who has closely studied the feature but was unaware of the vulnerability - speculates it may be possible to cause IE 8 to rewrite pages in such a way that the new values trigger an attack on a clean site .
" If the attacker can figure out a flaw in the way IE 8 is actually doing that output encoding and then create a specific string the attacker will know will be transformed into an actual attack , they could use that to input a value ... that actually results in an attack firing on the page , " he said .
" This could be a way to introduce an attack into a page that did n't have a vulnerability otherwise . "
XSS attacks are a way of manipulating a site 's URL to inject malicious code or content into a trusted webpage .
Many security watchers have come to view the IE 8 protections as Microsoft 's answer to NoScript , a popular extension that helps prevent XSS and other types of attacks against users of the Firefox browser .
Late on Thursday afternoon , Microsoft told The Register : " Microsoft is investigating new public claims of a vulnerability in Internet Explorer .
We 're currently unaware of any attacks trying to use the claimed vulnerability or of customer impact . "
Once its investigation is finished , the company will " take appropriate action , " including issuing a patch or guidance on how users can protect themselves against exploits .
When Microsoft introduced the protections , it also created a way for webmasters to override the feature ( by adding the response header " X - XSS - Protection : 0 " ) .
A review of the top 50 most visited websites shows that only web properties owned by Google have actually opted to do so .
The small number of sites blocking the protection calls into question how widespread the vulnerability is .
Asked why Google was forgoing the protection , a company spokesman wrote in an email :
" We 're aware of a significant flaw affecting the XSS Filter in IE8 , and we 've taken steps to help protect our users by disabling the mechanism on our properties until a fix has been released . "
He did n't elaborate .
In addition to potentially introducing serious vulnerabilities into webpages , the XSS protections can bring other undesirable results .
That 's because its engine frequently flags perfectly acceptable characters as potentially harmful .
An examples of such a false positive is here .
David Ross , a senior software security engineer for Microsoft , has saiddevelopers designing the feature aimed to strike strike a pragmatic balance between protecting users and not breaking the web .
" We needed to find a way to make the filtering automatic and painless and thus provide maximum benefit to users , " he wrote .
" In summary , the XSS Filter will prove its worth by raising the bar and mitigating the types of XSS most commonly found across the web today , by default ; , for users of Internet Explorer 8 . " ®
View Transcript
Transcript
Dogbert the CEO Dogbert says , " Sales have been lagging " Dogbert says , " I want each of you to cold - call ten customers per day . "
Alice says , " We 're engineers .
We do n't know how to sell . "
Dogbert says , " Just follow this script .
It 's guaranteed to close every sale . "
Dilbert says , " Hello .
I 'm calling on behalf of the police and firefighter 's charity for unattractive youths . "
Dilbert says , " If you send us $ 500 we will send you a lovely piece of software as a thank you gift . "
Dilbert says , " Otherwisem when your house catches on fire , you might find yourself handcuffed to the refrigerator . "
Mom says , " Dilbert ?
Is that you ? "
Dilbert says , " Hi , mom .
I 'm in sales now . "
In 2006 , Assistant U.S. Attorney Brett Grayson lined up more than 30 jailhouse informants to testify that they had sold drugs to Church Point , Louisiana homemaker Ann Colomb and her three sons .
( I wrote about the Colomb case in the May 2008 issue of Reason . )
Grayson had used some of these snitches before , in the trial of a Houston drug kingpin .
After the Houston trial , Grayson was notified that several of his informants had lied , and that there may have been an information sharing network and perjury ring inside the federal prison system .
No matter .
Grayson used them again .
Colomb and her sons were convicted , and spent three months in prison .
The Colombs were eventually freed , with all charges dismissed .
Grayson 's jailhouse snitches had lied again , and this time , federal judge Tucker Melancon ordered an investigation into new evidence that , somehow , portions of Grayson 's case file were being distributed through federal prisons in Texas and Louisiana .
The Colombs , meanwhile , spent their life savings on their defense , and were never compensated .
According to defense attorneys , Grayson said at one point during the trial that it did n't matter if he personally believed his snitch witnesses , it only mattered what the jury believed , a notion he articulated again in his closing argument .
I thought about the Colomb case while reading the transcript of the oral arguments in Pottawattamie v. Maghee , heard last Wednesday before the U.S. Supreme Court ( read my previous column on the case here ) .
The case turns on whether prosecutors who knowingly fabricate evidence to convict an innocent person should be susceptible to lawsuits , or if prosecutors should always have absolute immunity from such suits , no matter how bad their behavior .
During the hearing , Deputy Solicitor General Neal Katyal argued that " if prosecutors have to worry at trial that every act they undertake will somehow open up the door to liability , then they will flinch in the performance of their duties and not introduce that evidence . "
Katyal made similar statements throughout the hearing : " When someone is introducing evidence at trial , you do n't want to chill them in the performance of their duties in any way , " and " the overriding interest is protecting the judicial process and not letting information be chilled and not come in . "
Chief Justice John Roberts underlined that formulation , twice inquiring as to the " chilling " effect of stripping immunity for prosecutors .
It took new Associate Justice Sonia Sotomayor to make the obvious point :
We want prosecutors to " flinch " before introducing evidence they suspect might not be true .
In fact , we want them to not introduce that evidence at all .
And there should be a chilling effect on misconduct as egregious as coaching witnesses to lie .
If Brett Grayson had known he could be held liable for his parade of lying jailhouse snitches , perhaps he'd have vetted their stories a bit more carefully , or been more vigilant about ensuring that portions of his case file did n't somehow get passed around the prison system .
The amount of liability the would - be plaintiffs in Powattattamie want prosecutors to shoulder is minimal .
The Supreme Court has held for 30 years that even prosecutors who knowingly withhold exculpatory evidence in a case that results in the conviction of an innocent person can't be sued for damages .
The wrongfully convicted men in Powattattamie are n't even seeking to undo that .
They 're asking that prosecutors who knowingly fabricate evidence against an innocent person , then use that evidence at trial , be susceptible to a lawsuit .
And even there , prosecutors would still be afforded the qualified immunity given to police officers , which means potential plaintiffs would still have a high hurdle to clear before getting into court .
( It 's worth noting that the prosecutors in Powattattamie were n't sanctioned or disciplined in any way , which is about par for the course in the criminal justice system . )
The problem here is that the Supreme Court has painted itself into a corner .
While the Court has always upheld absolute immunity for prosecutors while trying a case , it has ruled that prosecutors who help investigate a case — that is , who act as police officers — should receive the same , reduced qualified immunity given to cops .
But here 's where it gets messy .
At what point is a prosecutor acting as a prosecutor , and at what point is he acting like a cop ?
The roles have been muddied over the years .
Consider snitch testimony .
Under federal law , only a federal prosecutor , and not a federal police investigator , can gauge whether information offered by a jailhouse snitch is useful enough to offer time off the informant 's sentence in exchange for his testimony .
That means prosecutors are put in the role of interviewing potential informants to determine whether the stories are plausible ( or , if they 're less scrupulous , merely whose stories are most damaging to the defendant ) .
This is more the role of an investigator than the prosecutor of a case .
Solicitor General Katyal and the attorney for the prosecutors in Powattattamie both made the absurd argument that the actual injury in Powattattamie occured when the defendants were wrongly convicted and jailed , not when the evidence against them was manufactured .
Therefore , because the prosecutors were acting in their role as triers of the case when the injury occurred , they should be immune to lawsuit , even though they were acting as investigators when they conjured up the perjured testimony in the first place .
Had they passed the evidence off to another prosecutor for trial , they could still be sued .
This led Justice Anthony Kennedy to ask , " so the law is the more deeply you 're involved in the wrong , the more likely you are to be immune ?
That 's a strange proposition . "
It certainly is .
Katyal went so far as to argue that even police officers who manufacture evidence used to convict an innocent person may not be liable , so long as they tell the prosecutor ahead of time that the evidence has been faked — again because the actual injury occurs at the time of conviction , and at the time of conviction the state actor inflicting the damage is the prosecutor acting in his role as prosecutor , at which point he has immunity .
Kennedy reiterated the problem : " Again , the more aggravated the tort , the greater the immunity . "
Katyal went on to argue that there is no " free - standing due process right not to be framed , " a striking line that made it around the Internet last week .
If you 're a constitutional originalist , that statement is n't quite as controversial as it first sounds :
An originalist may believe that the Constitution protects us from government overreach , but it does n't explicitly lay out a method of recovering damages for government violations of our rights ; that 's left up to Congress .
The problem with the originalist interpretation is that the Constitution 's authors surely would have hoped for and expected at least some relief .
The Bill of Rights both establishes a civil courts system to allow citizens to recover damages from one another , and lays out a clear set of rights that government officials are n't permitted to abrogate .
It makes little sense to think , then , that the document would be consistent with the notion that government officials could systematically violate two citizens ' rights in a way that resulted in significant injury ( in this case , 26 years in prison ) , and yet be wholly immune from those citizens ' efforts to collect damages , simply because Congress failed to legislate a path to relief .
One of the notable things about this case is that the pro-law enforcement position was argued by Katyal , an official in the Obama administration , while the pro-defense , anti-executive branch position was argued by Paul Clement , the former solicitor general for the Bush administration .
The Obama administration has consistently taken the pro-prosecution side in criminal justice cases since Obama took office , confirming that where the rubber meets the road on issues related to police powers and the rights of the accused , what matters most is not political ideology but who holds the reins of power .
Clement 's toughest questioning came from the Court 's two Bush appointees , Chief Justice Roberts and Justice Samuel Alito .
But Clement rather brilliantly concluded his time with a direct challenge to the two Bush - appointed justices that probably wo n't affect either 's ruling , but at least ought to make them squirm .
Keeping prosecutors immune from liability , he argued , is a classic case of judicial activism .
The phrase " absolute immunity " appears nowhere in the Constitution , nor does it appear in Section 1983 , a part of the federal criminal code that provides a way for citizens to collect damages against the government .
The Court read absolute immunity into the law in the 1976 case Imbler v. Pachtman because it feared the ramifications of prosecutors being susceptible to lawsuits .
As Clement argued , there is " no common law support at all for absolute immunity .
And I would n't think that this Court was particularly interested in coming up with implied immunities that are n't in the statute and had no basis at the common law , and that 's why I think some of the Justices that have looked at this as an original matter have tended to be quite reluctant in recognizing absolute immunity because it lacks support in the text . "
So while for most of the hearing the Court and litigants took absolute immunity as a given and debated whether and how to carve exceptions into it , Clement concluded by pulling the sheet back on absolute immunity , period .
In doing so , he cleared a path for the justices to revoke absolute immunity altogether , or at least severely limit the concept .
That almost certainly wo n't happen .
But it should ( but probably wo n't ) give the Court 's conservative wing some cover to at least poke enough holes in prosecutorial immunity to discourage the more egregious examples of misconduct .
Radley Balko is a senior editor at Reason magazine .
With the stock market having gained more than 75 per cent this year and the economy growing at nearly 7 per cent , the number of billionaires jumped to 52 in 2009 from 27 in the previous year , just two short of the record in 2007 , according to the ranking .
Google Inc.'s new beta of its Chrome browser for the Mac is nearly twice as fast as Mozilla Corp .'s Firefox , but it can't keep up with Apple Inc. 's Safari , benchmark tests show .
According to tests run by Computerworld , the Chrome beta , which Google launched yesterday , is the second fastest of four Mac browsers tested .
Chrome renders JavaScript 10 times faster than Opera 10.10 and almost twice as fast as Firefox 3.6 Beta 4 , the most recently released Mac version of Mozilla 's open - source browser .
But Chrome can't match Safari 4.0.4's speed : Apple 's browser is approximately 12 % faster than Google 's beta .
That 's different than the situation on Windows , where Chrome has been billed as the fastest browser around .
The last time Computerworld tested Chrome on Windows -- in September , with Chrome 3.0 -- Google 's browser handily beat all rivals , including second - place Safari .
Computerworld ran the SunSpider JavaScript benchmark suite in Mac OS X 10.6 three times for each browser , then averaged the scores .
Google made no direct JavaScript speed claims for its Mac beta Tuesday , as it has regularly with its Windows browser .
Instead , the company bragged about Chrome 's quick start - up on the Mac .
" As you might expect , the speed of Google Chrome for Mac is something we 're very proud of , " said Brian Rakowski , a Chrome product manager , in a post to Google 's blog .
" Try installing the beta and see how fast it launches -- there 's hardly even time for the icon in the dock to bounce ! "
Most browser makers have been aggressively promoting improved JavaScript performance for over a year and a half , when Mozilla began touting the performance boost that its new TraceMonkey JavaScript engine provided to Firefox 3.5 .
Only Microsoft Corp. has disparaged such benchmarks , calling them nothing more than a " browser drag race " that does n't accurately portray real - world use .
But even Microsoft has seen the JavaScript light .
Last month , Microsoft -- which has n't made a Mac browser since 2003 -- promised that Internet Explorer 9 would close the JavaScript gap and claimed that SunSpider scores for its work - in - progress browser were " very close " to those of its Windows rivals .
Chrome currently accounts for approximately 4 % of all browsers used worldwide , according to the most recent data from Web metrics company Net Applications .
The vast majority of Chrome 's share , however , is on Windows ; before Tuesday , only rougher development builds had been available for the Mac .
In comparison , IE has a 64 % share and Mozilla 's Firefox has a 25 % .
Only Opera , with just 2 % of the browser usage share , trails Chrome .
The Chrome Mac beta can be downloaded from Google 's Web site .
It requires Mac OS X 10.5 , a.k.a.
Leopard , or later , and runs only on Intel - based Macs .
Fedora users and contributors frequently ask others in the community why certain items are not included in Fedora .
This page is meant to provide some explanations for the most frequently requested exclusions .
The Fedora Project strongly encourages using free and open source software .
Fedora has licensing guidelines that enforce the following requirements :
If it is proprietary , it can not be included in Fedora .
( Binary firmware is the only exception to this )
If it is legally encumbered , it can not be included in Fedora .
If it violates United States laws ( specifically , Federal or applicable state laws ) , it can not be included in Fedora .
Third party repositories often have more liberal licensing policies and contain software that has been excluded from the official Fedora software repository for various reasons .
You can also find community support via Ask Fedora and use a search engine like Google to look for additional help .
The proprietary software and drivers discussed may be available from the respective owners and other vendors .
Fedora Project instead highly recommends that you support the right vendors and get hardware that can work with completely free and open source software and not restricted by Software Patents and other legal encumbrances .
Adobe / Macromedia Flash Player
Permalink of this answer
Adobe Flash Player is proprietary software .
Fedora does not include proprietary software .
If you still need to install Adobe Flash , we have Flash installation instructions .
Proprietary Kernel Drivers
Proprietary drivers are not included in Fedora .
Many kernel developers consider such drivers as violation of the GPL license of the kernel .
Fedora does not include proprietary software .
NVIDIA Proprietary Graphics Drivers
Permalink of this answer
The NVIDIA graphics drivers are proprietary , and many kernel developers consider this driver to violate the GPL license of the kernel .
Fedora does not include proprietary software .
Fedora Suggests : Consider using the free and open source Nouveau driver instead or use a graphics adapter from Intel or AMD or any other manufacturer that provides full specifications and / or source code .
ATI Catalyst Proprietary Graphics Drivers
Permalink of this answer
The ATI Catalyst graphics drivers are proprietary and many kernel developers consider this driver to violate the GPL license of the kernel .
Fedora does not include proprietary software .
Fedora does include the free and open source Radeon driver however .
Fedora Suggests : Consider using the free and open source Radeon driver instead .
NDISwrapper network driver
Permalink of this answer
NDISwrapper works by bridging Windows drivers into kernel space ; many kernel developers consider this to violate the GPL license of the kernel .
Furthermore , NDISwrapper does not work with standard kernel features , such as 4 K stacks , and exposes the user to binary - only drivers in kernel space that the user cannot modify or fix .
Furthermore , NDISwrapper does not work at all without the Windows drivers , which 1 ) are not redistributable , and therefore can not be shipped in Fedora , and 2 ) are not open source , and therefore will not be shipped in Fedora .
Fedora Suggests :
Try using the in - kernel drivers that support many common wireless cards , such as Intel or Broadcom wireless adapters .
Real Media ( and Player )
Permalink of this answer
Real Media encoding and decoding support is not included in any Fedora application because it is heavily patented in several regions including the United States .
The patent holder is unwilling to give an unrestricted patent grant , as required by the GPL .
Other platforms might have paid the royalty , or included proprietary software .
Other Linux distributions not based in a region affected by the patent might ship Real Media decoders and encoders .
However , Fedora cannot and does not ship Real Media decoders and encoders in order to serve the goal of providing and supporting only free and open source software by default .
Fedora Suggests :
Try using patent unrestricted formats such as WebM ( a lossy format for video and audio ) , Ogg Vorbis ( a lossy audio codec ) , Ogg Theora ( a lossy video codec ) , or FLAC ( a lossless audio codec )
Encrypted DVD Playback
Permalink of this answer
Playback of CSS encrypted DVDs may be a violation of the United States DMCA , because it may be considered circumventing a copyright protection mechanism .
Fedora Suggests : Using patent unrestricted formats such as WebM or Ogg Theora is highly recommended when encoding videos .
More Information ...
Cryptography
Permalink of this answer
Some cryptographic packages are not included within Fedora due to US export restrictions and patent concerns .
Fedora Suggests : Consider using non-restricted cryptographic methods instead .
Oracle 's Java
Permalink of this answer
Java is now under a free software license but still has some binary encumbrances which are being removed or replaced incrementally .
Red Hat worked with Oracle to improve free and open source Java .
Fedora 9 and above includes OpenJDK with encumbered portions replaced by the IcedTea Project and it is fully TCK compliant .
Refer to the JavaFAQ for more details .
VMware
Permalink of this answer
Although some VMware utilities such as open - vm - tools are free and open source , most VMware software is proprietary software .
Fedora does not include proprietary software .
Fedora includes and develops several virtualization technologies which can serve as an alternative .
Adobe Acrobat Reader
Permalink of this answer
Adobe Acrobat Reader is proprietary software .
Fedora does not include proprietary software .
Fedora Suggests : Consider using open source alternatives instead .
Alternative PDF ( Acrobat file format ) readers are provided for the GNOME desktop ( evince , developed and maintained by Fedora developers ) , the KDE Plasma desktop ( okular ) , and for generic X - Window graphical interfaces ( xpdf ) .
szip
Permalink of this answer
The szip license is too restrictive for inclusion in Fedora .
Fedora Suggests :
Use libaec , which includes a BSD drop - in replacement for the SZIP or other open source alternatives such as gzip , bzip2 and lzma formats .
Moonlight
Permalink of this answer
Moonlight is currently a abandoned project .
Even otherwise , there are serious concerns about Moonlight , due to Microsoft and Novell 's public statements around its inclusion in their " covenant " .
In addition to that Groklaw has posted a FAQ from Software Freedom Law Center ( SFLC ) on the issues with this patent " covenant " .
Accordingly , this technology ( with , or without codecs ) , is considered too risky , and is not acceptable for inclusion in Fedora .
Also refer :
http://www.microsoft.com/interop/msnovellcollab/moonlight.mspx
http://blogs.cnet.com/5530-13505_1-0-10.html?forumID=166&messageID=2490312&threadID=228078
Microsoft later extended the patent " covenant " in a limited form to end users but not for redistribution and hence distributors other than Novell are still excluded .
https://www.redhat.com/archives/fedora-devel-list/2009-December/msg01070.html
TrueCrypt
Permalink of this answer
The TrueCrypt software is under a poor license , which is not only non-free , but has the potential to be actively dangerous to end users or distributors who agree to it , opening them to possible legal action even if they abide by all of the licensing terms , depending on the intent of the upstream copyright holder .
Fedora continues to make efforts to try to work with the TrueCrypt upstream to fix all of the issues in their license so that it can be considered Free , but have not yet been successful .
Fedora Suggests : cryptsetup allows to map existing Truecrypt device since version 1.6 ( Fedora 18 ) .
For full functionality zuluCrypt is an independently developed TrueCrypt - compatible program under the GNU General Public License .
ZuluCrypt which is available in Fedora repositories .
At one point in time cdrtools was entirely licensed under the terms of the GPL ( and included in Red Hat Linux , the precursor to Fedora ) , but later , most of the codebase was relicensed to CDDL ( but notably , not all of it ) , resulting in a codebase which is an incompatible mix of the GPL and the CDDL .
The cdrtools upstream is aware of these concerns , but holds a set of unorthodox opinions on licensing which are not shared by the FSF or Red Hat Legal , so it is unlikely that this situation will ever be resolved in a fashion that would result in cdrtools being acceptable for Fedora .
For more details , see :
https://www.redhat.com/archives/fedora-legal-list/2009-July/msg00000.html
Fedora Suggests :
Use cdrkit ( fork of cdrtools before the licensing issues ) instead .
exfat
Implementations of exfat are currently patent - encumbered , thus not permitted in Fedora .
Fedora Suggests : Consider using alternative file systems instead of exfat .
SIG deny list
Games
See SIGs / Games#List_of_games_we_will_NOT_package
Fonts
See Category : Rejected and retired fonts
David Paterson speaks on CNBC .
Not good news for New York inhabitants , or NY CDS shorts .
Or not ...
NY State CDS hit an all time wide of 357 bps in December .
They are now around 140 .
Any escalation of NY 's fiscal crisis may simply imply more and more taxpayer bailouts .
Swaption time .
Full clip :
You might be able to see Russia from Sarah Palin ’s home state , but that is n’t an excuse to speak Russian .
Authorities turned away reporters who did n’t speak English from a Palin event in Minnesota this week , demanding that reporters address the former Alaska governor only in English and refer to her only as “ governor . ”
Event planners at the Mall of Americas now say it was only a “ misunderstanding . ”
Palin was scheduled to appear as part of her book - signing tour .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Officials at the Minnesota mega - mall this week told reporters planning to cover the Minneapolis - area stop on Palin ’s Going Rogue book tour they must address the 2008 GOP vice presidential candidate who resigned as governor last summer by her old title – a common honor , actually , which normally is accorded to former governors , ” the Chicago Tribune ’s Mark Silva wrote Wednesday night .
“ But the mall also was banning foreign reporters , ” he added , “ permitting ‘ only English speaking press . ’
That ’s not a common requirement . ”
Mall officials apologized have since apologized for distributing the guidelines , calling the move “ an internal communication . ”
But they went a step further , perhaps showing a few too many of their cards — instead of just leaving at an apology , they added that the problem was that the guidelines were “ inadvertently distributed . ”
“ In other words , ” Silva quips , “ it got out . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
A spokesman for HarperCollins , Palin ’s publisher , was quoted as saying , “ That should never have been in any kind of press release .
That ’s not the message the governor wants to send out . ”
“ The guidelines were likely to be mostly irrelevant either way , ” AP noted .
“ Palin has n’t been speaking to most reporters – either local or from abroad – during her tightly controlled , stay - on - message book tour .
A speech scheduled for Wednesday night at the private College of the Ozarks in southwest Missouri was expected to draw a crowd of 5,000 , and the school said it agreed to keep out reporters to secure Palin ’s appearance .
“ I ca n’t take their tickets and ask them to leave , but we have asked them ( local reporters ) not to ( attend ) , ” College of the Ozarks spokeswoman Elizabeth Andrews told AP .
ADVERTISEMENT
Palin has gotten in hot water with non-English audiences before .
In November , a McCain adviser asserted that Palin had canceled an interview with the Spanish - language TV station Univision , positing that the former governor felt she was n’t prepared .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ She did not feel comfortable speaking about issues regarding Hispanics and Latin America , ” GOP consultant Ana Navarro said .
“ Those are not topics that come up frequently in Alaska .
So she asked to cancel the interview and , unfortunately , you were already there . ”
A Palin spokesman said the claim was hogwash .
The RTS web game Zombie Outbreak Simulator plops you down into a Google Maps - provided area of DC swarming with zombies .
The outbreak 's details are up to you :
How many civilians ?
Are they armed ?
It 's a killer timewaster ( GET IT ? ) .
Advertisement
Basically , it 's a zombie invasion in our nation 's capital .
You can change the details of the invasion in any way you choose : Zombie speed , infection rate , number of civilians , percentage of civilians armed , number of highly effective police , and more .
You can play around with it to either defeat the zombies ( boooooring ) , let them take over the city and pretend like some of their more gruesome kills are of your opposition politician of choice ( take that , Michele Bachmann ! ) , or try to make the odds even and see who really wants it more .
Warning : Turn down your speakers if you 're at work .
The eerie post - rock soundtrack is accompanied by the expected array of flesh - hungry moans , which is the kind of thing that 's sort of tricky to explain away as part of your quarterly PowerPoint earnings presentation .
[ Class 3 Outbreak ]
David
Chen 's legal burden is lighter now that two of his criminal charges have been dropped , but for the Chinatown grocer this does little to relieve a heavy heart .
" With this matter in my heart , my head hurts , " Chen said Tuesday , speaking in Mandarin .
" This situation is very difficult ... ( my family and I ) do n't sleep very well with this situation still unresolved . "
The 35 - year - old shopkeeper and two of his employees were arrested following a May 23 incident in which they allegedly chased down and tied up a shoplifter , detaining him in a delivery truck until police arrived .
Chen , Jie Chen , 21 , and Qing Li , 40 , were charged with assault , forcible confinement , carrying a concealed weapon and kidnapping .
But in a pre-trial hearing Tuesday morning , Crown prosecutor Colleen Hepburn tossed out the latter two charges for all three men .
This was welcome news for Chen and his lawyer , Peter Lindsay , but outside the courthouse , both expressed dismay with the Crown 's decision to proceed to trial on the other two charges .
" I do n't believe that Mr. Chen should have ever faced criminal charges , " Lindsay told a group of reporters in front of Old City Hall .
" My much - preferred outcome would have been that all four ( charges ) had been dropped . "
On Aug. 17 , Anthony Bennett pleaded guilty to stealing 10 plants from Chen 's Lucky Moose Food Mart on Dundas St. W. , as well as plant thefts at another store on King St. W .
Bennett was sentenced to 30 days in prison .
Bennett will now testify as a Crown witness at Chen 's trial , which is scheduled to begin on June 21 .
If convicted , Chen and his co-accused face a maximum penalty of two years in prison .
Because the kidnapping charge – the only indictable offence – has been withdrawn , Chen can no longer have a juried trial and a judge will determine his fate .
On Tuesday , Lindsay said he doubted any jury would convict Chen , who has seen an outpouring of support , especially from the local Chinese community .
In the courtroom gallery , the back row was filled with Chen 's supporters , both friends and strangers .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Some learned of Chen 's situation from a Chinatown flyer distributed by the Victims ' Rights Action Committee .
Thousands signed the group 's petition in support of Chen .
" Mr. Chen was just doing the right thing any property owner would do to defend their property , " said committee member Ricky Chan .
After the hearing , Lindsay reiterated his plans to raise the constitutional issue of whether Chen enacted a valid citizen 's arrest .
Under the criminal code , a property owner can only arrest someone if they 're caught committing a crime , Lindsay explained .
Chen did n't catch Bennett red-handed , but the theft was captured on surveillance camera and Chen caught Bennett nearly an hour later when he returned to Lucky Moose .
" The current law of citizen 's arrest is too narrow , " Lindsay said .
Chen complained on Tuesday that his court dates have cost him both time and money .
He worries about juggling his legal issues while also running a business and supporting his two young children , ages 6 and 2 , he said .
" In China , if this happened , a lot of people in the area would help , plus the police would arrive immediately , " he said in Mandarin .
" The thief would be on trial , not the store owner . "
Read more about :
Axelrod : Giuliani flip - flopped on 9/11 trials
White House senior adviser David Axelrod is dismissing former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani 's criticism of the administration 's decision to try five Sept. 11 suspects in federal court in Manhattan .
In an interview Sunday on CNN's " State of the Union , " Axelrod suggested Giuiliani had flip flopped from just a few years ago when he praised the prosecution of another alleged 9/11 conspirator , Zacarias Moussaoui , in a federal court in Alexandria , Va .
" Mayor Giuliani testified in that case , and he heralded the outcome , " Axelrod noted .
" He may have changed his view , but we have n’t changed ours . "
Giuliani has denounced the plan to try the five suspects as an example of an unwise return to a law enforcement mentality in fighting Al Qaeda .
I am thrilled to announce that the second edition of Data Science from Scratch is now available !
( buy from Amazon or your other favorite bookstore , or read on Safari , or get a PDF from ebooks.com it looks like . )
It 's been almost exactly four years since the first edition came …
“ Silent gratitude is n’t much use to anyone . ”
– G.B. Stern
Like any other task , I like to complete thank you cards both effectively and efficiently .
Effective : Making sure it has the intended result .
We ’ll think through the purpose of thank you cards and how to word your thank you note .
: Making sure it has the intended result .
We ’ll think through the purpose of thank you cards and how to word your thank you note .
Efficient : Get it written quickly .
I ’ve put together an easy template for your thank you card – so you can ensure your thank you cards can be written efficiently , but still hit all the right notes .
Do n’t rush through thank you cards – they matter .
I just like to make sure I have a plan .
The Purpose Of Thank You Cards
A thank you card has a single purpose : to convey your appreciation to the person who gave you a gift , or did you a favor .
This is important , because before you send a thank you card you need to ask yourself – have I conveyed my appreciation ?
Here are some questions to keep in mind as you think about what you want to say in the card :
Is my appreciation sincere ?
Am I holding anything back ?
Is there something I appreciate about this gift that I have n’t mentioned ?
How To Word Your Thank You Card
I break my thank you cards into three parts .
1 : The Greeting
A lot of people rush to scribble “ Dear Jane , ” and decide they ’re finished with the greeting – on to the card !
However , the greeting is extremely important and deserves to be crafted .
Consider the different words you could use :
“ Dear Jane , ” – This is formal .
I rarely use this unless addressing family or very close friends .
In that instance , the use of the term Dear actually comes across as what it means – rather than giving the impression of a thank you card written at arm ’s length .
– This is formal .
I rarely use this unless addressing family or very close friends .
In that instance , the use of the term actually comes across as what it means – rather than giving the impression of a thank you card written at arm ’s length .
“ My Dear Jane , ” or “ My Dearest Jane , ” – This I typically see used in addressing significant others , or people addressing their family such as children , grand - children and and nieces / nephews .
or – This I typically see used in addressing significant others , or people addressing their family such as children , grand - children and and nieces / nephews .
“ Hi Jane , ” or “ Hey Jane , ” conveys a more casual letter and is useful for acquaintances turning into closer friends .
Depending on your relationship with the person , this informality can help deepen your relationship instead of using Dear – particularly if the gift or favor they did for you helped bring you closer together .
or conveys a more casual letter and is useful for acquaintances turning into closer friends .
Depending on your relationship with the person , this informality can help deepen your relationship instead of using – particularly if the gift or favor they did for you helped bring you closer together .
“ Hi Jane ! ” or “ Hey Jane ! ” – Still casual , but now – with excitement !
or – Still casual , but now – with excitement !
“ Jane , ” – I strongly recommend against doing this .
With nothing preceding a name , it can come across as blunt , cold – and rushed .
You do n’t want to give the impression that your letter was dashed off as an afterthought .
An exception to this is if you are writing a thank you card for a work colleague , and want to ensure the card does not come across as overly friendly .
– I strongly recommend against doing this .
With nothing preceding a name , it can come across as blunt , cold – and rushed .
You do n’t want to give the impression that your letter was dashed off as an afterthought .
An exception to this is if you are writing a thank you card for a work colleague , and want to ensure the card does not come across as overly friendly .
“ Hi , ” – Even worse than just their name is leaving off their name .
In How To Win Friends And Influence People , one of my favorite personal development books , Dale Carnegie writes “ a person ’s name is to that person the sweetest and most important sound in any language . ”
Want to know the most sour sound ?
Perhaps the absence of their name where it should be .
– Even worse than just their name is leaving off their name .
In How To Win Friends And Influence People , one of my favorite personal development books , Dale Carnegie writes “ a person ’s name is to that person the sweetest and most important sound in any language . ”
Want to know the most sour sound ?
Perhaps the absence of their name where it should be .
So which do I recommend ?
“ Hey Jane ! ” I like my thank you cards to immediately pop with the excitement and emotion I have from the gift or the favor .
Especially if it ’s around Christmas time , and people are receiving lots of Thank You cards – I want to make sure that my genuine thanks comes across and does n’t sound generic .
2 : The Body
The meat of your thank you card .
Lets talk about the words , phrasing and content you want to use here :
Express Emotion .
In most of my writing I stick to facts and get straight to the point .
In thank you cards , this is the time to express gratitude and emotion .
Unlike my usual writing , I will expand and take my time to ensure emotion and gratitude fills the card .
.
In most of my writing I stick to facts and get straight to the point .
In thank you cards , this is the time to express gratitude and emotion .
Unlike my usual writing , I will expand and take my time to ensure emotion and gratitude fills the card .
Be Specific .
While you do n’t want to stick to just the facts , it ’s good to point out specifics .
.
While you do n’t want to stick to just the facts , it ’s good to point out specifics .
Remember The Past and Paint The Future .
While you do n’t always have to do this , I like to discuss how the person ’s gift and actions have improved my life – and how it is going to help me in the future .
People like to know that what they have done has made a difference – so if it has , tell them !
3 : The Closing
The closing is the last thing people read , so you should word it in a way that is consistent with the purpose of the card , and with the wording of the body preceding it .
Common closings include :
“ Sincerely , Sid ” – I do n’t particularly like using this unless I want to keep my thank you card very formal and at arm ’s length .
Remember , we are trying to convey appreciation and deepen our relationship – this closing accomplishes neither .
– I do n’t particularly like using this unless I want to keep my thank you card very formal and at arm ’s length .
Remember , we are trying to convey appreciation and deepen our relationship – this closing accomplishes neither .
“ Love , Sid ” – I typically use this for family only .
Some people may use it for family and close friends .
– I typically use this for family only .
Some people may use it for family and close friends .
“ Thank You , Sid ” – All these are appropriate and some variation of “ Thank You ” is my most common closing .
Varitions include : “ Many thanks , Sid ” , “ Thank You So Much , Sid ” , “ Thanks , Sid “
– All these are appropriate and some variation of is my most common closing .
Varitions include : “ “ Take Care , Sid ” – I will sometimes use this if I know that the favor , present or perhaps just the person ’s life a the time is genuinely difficult and I want to close with empathy .
If so , my last line in my body will lead into this .
– I will sometimes use this if I know that the favor , present or perhaps just the person ’s life a the time is genuinely difficult and I want to close with empathy .
If so , my last line in my body will lead into this .
When in doubt , I recommend keeping it simple – you ca n’t go wrong with “ Thank You , Sid ”
Keeping these considerations in mind , lets review my thank you card template .
Thank You Card Template
Just like any other correspondence , I like my thank you cards , emails or even conversation ( for verbal thank yous ) to have a thesis statement .
Excuse me ?
Yes , a thesis statement – a simple , condensed summary of what is in the rest of the thank you note .
My thesis statement is usually very straightforward :
I wanted to drop you a quick note to thank you for ___ .
I then follow that up with my emotions and gratitude .
Note in particular that I express gratitude for their actions and effort and not for the final result .
I was really touched that you took the time to pick out a gift that you knew I would like .
Using these two sentences to open my thank you card , and then bringing in the wording I discussed previously , here ’s the full template .
Note that items in [ brackets ] are optional and to be used when appropriate .
The benefit of using this template is you know that every word and phrase has been carefully chosen to ensure a personalized , gratitude filled card which will convey your appreciation , and deepen your relationship .
Sid ’s Thank You Card Template
Hey _____ !
I wanted to drop you a quick note to thank you for ____ .
I was really touched that you _____ .
[ Remember The Past :
When you _____ , it really helped me _____ .
I really appreciate what you gave me / did for me . ]
[ Paint The Future : With your gift / help , I can now _____ .
It truly has made a difference in my life . ]
Thank you so much , Sid
Handwritten , Typed , Or Email ?
Finally , how should the card be written and delivered ?
Physical vs. Email : I personally do n’t like receiving physical mail - but other people do n’t feel the same way : especially with thank you cards .
Most people still prefer actual thank you notes .
Because of this , if someone has done something exceptional for me or given me an exceptionally large gift I will send a physical card via snail mail .
Typed or Handwritten ?
I think ( mistakenly or not ) , email can give the impression that I ’m rushing to say thanks , and can come across as insincere .
So for that reason , when in doubt I recommend handwritten .
Nonetheless , for close friends and family who know me well , I typically send mine via email .
So , get out there , enjoy the presents you receive from friends and family – and make sure to take a few moments to tell them thank you !
Enjoy this article ?
You should Tweet This and share it with your friends , or feel free to share it however you like using this shortened link :
http://j.mp/saythankyou
Further Reading :
2010年には、正式な勧告としてリリースされる予定のHTML5。 徐々にブラウザの対応も進んでいて、すでに、多くのデザイナーたちは、この次世代HTMLを使って、様々な活動を始めています。 だんだんとHTML5のリソースも増えてきたので、今回はHTML5についてまとめてみました。 まずは、HTML5を使ってどういう事ができるのか？実際に見る事ができるサイトをいくつかご紹介。
HTML5で構築されたウェブサイトをまとめてくれているギャラリーサイトです。
HTML5を解説してくれている現在もコンテンツがどんどん増えている進行中のウェブサイト。もちろんこのサイト自体もHTML5で構築されています。
HTML5 のCanvasとAudioで動く実験ページ。まるでFlashやSilverlightを使っているかのような動きですね！新しい可能性を感じるページです。
では、実際にHTML5を書いて試してみましょう！
プリントアウトして手軽に使えるHTML5のチートシート。慣れるまでは、このチートシートをデスクに置いておくとなにかと便利ですね。
こちらはHTML5のポケットブック。折り畳んで、手帳や財布に入れておくと、いつでも確認できますね。
まだまだブラウザの対応がすすんでいないHTML5。Modernizrは、CSS3各プロパティやHTML5のエレメントが有効かどうかを検出してくれるライブラリ。
Smashing Magazineさんがまとめてくれている、HTML5の解説エントリ。
スクラッチからHTML5のレイアウトを作るチュートリアルです。英語の解説ですが、とてもわかりやすく解説してくれています。
HTML5 とCSS3でつくるウェブサイトのチュートリアル。ちらもとてもわかりやすく解説されています。
jQueryとHTML5 のCanvasをつかって作るチャートやグラフののデモページです。
70 種類ものHTML5のチュートリアルをまとめてくれているエントリ。
U.S .
Women at Arms : Mother and Medic
In 2004 , Jaymie Holschlag left her two children to serve in Iraq .
The separation was challenging , but the transition home was also difficult .
Now the family prepares for a second deployment .
Kassie Bracken
A contradiction in stated Afghanistan War goals has emerged at the highest levels of American government .
While President Barack Obama has indicated he would like US troops to begin leaving Afghanistan in 2011 , Secretary of Defense Bob Gates and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton point out there is no deadline or exit strategy .
“ We ’re not talking about an abrupt withdrawal .
We ’re talking about something that will take place over a period of time , ” Gates told Meet the Press .
“ We will have 100,000 troops there .
And they are not leaving in July of 2011 .
Some handful or some small number or whatever the conditions permit , will begin to withdraw at that time . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Clinton added that in 2011 the military would begin what she called “ a transition . ”
“ We ’re not talking about an exit strategy or a drop - dead deadline , ” she said .
“ You know , we ’re gonna be out of Iraq .
We have a firm deadline , because the Iraqis believe that they can assume and will assume responsibility for their own future .
We want the Afghans to feel the same sense of urgency .
We want them to actually make good on what President Karzai said in his inaugural speech , which is that by five years from now they ’ll have total control for their defense . ”
The New York Times added Monday :
The Obama administration sent a forceful public message Sunday that American military forces could remain in Afghanistan for a long time , seeking to blunt criticism that President Obama had sent the wrong signal in his war - strategy speech last week by projecting July 2011 as the start of a withdrawal .
In a flurry of coordinated television interviews , Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates , Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton and other top administration officials said that any troop pullout beginning in July 2011 would be slow and that the Americans would only then be starting to transfer security responsibilities to Afghan forces under Mr. Obama ’s new plan .
The television appearances by the senior members of Mr. Obama ’s war council seemed to be part of a focused and determined effort to ease concerns about the president ’s emphasis on setting a date for reducing America ’s presence in Afghanistan after more than eight years of war .
“ We have strategic interests in South Asia that should not be measured in terms of finite times , ” said Gen. James L. Jones , the president ’s national security adviser , speaking on CNN ’s “ State of the Union . ”
“ We ’re going to be in the region for a long time . ” Echoing General Jones , Mr. Gates played down the significance of the July 2011 target date .
“ There is n’t a deadline , ” Mr. Gates said on CBS ’s “ Face the Nation . ”
“ What we have is a specific date on which we will begin transferring responsibility for security district by district , province by province in Afghanistan , to the Afghans . ”
This video is from NBC ’s Meet the Press , broadcast Dec. 6 , 2009 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Download video via RawReplay.com
For much of the last eight years , the majority Republicans pushed through tax break after tax break that mostly benefited the wealthy .
Now in the majority , Democratic lawmakers have failed to stop yet another tax benefit for the richest of the rich from taking effect in 2010 .
The tax in question is the estate tax , which President George W. Bush and Republicans and some Democrats in Congress were determined to cut from the day Mr. Bush took office in 2001 .
Even then , the tax hit only a tiny portion of Americans , but estate - tax foes sold Americans a myth about a “ death tax ” that prevented average people from passing on hard - earned money .
The result was a measure that made big reductions in the federal estate tax , phased in through 2009 , and then repealed the tax , for one year only , in 2010 .
After that , the tax is to be reinstated at pre-2001 levels .
Writing the law in that convoluted way helped to mask the true costs .
It also created an untenable situation in which a one - year repeal is followed by reinstatement .
There was a giant catch , as well .
In 2010 , the one - year repeal of the estate tax is coupled with a new tax that will hit smaller estates .
That tax could affect up to an estimated 70,000 estates next year , compared with the current estate tax law , which applies to about 5,500 estates annually .
If that sounds wacky , it is .
It would also be harmful to many small family businesses , precisely the group that estate - tax cutters say they want to help .
funions123 took a christmas picture for me while in front of William Shakespeare 's Birthplace ... pretty awesome !!
Part 2 is coming in the mail soon !
very excited .
Under Stupak ’s plan , the approximately 40 Democrats in his camp would join with all House Republicans in voting to defeat the special House “ rule ” that would set the terms for debating and amending the health - care bill on the House floor when it is brought up for a final vote .
If a majority of the House does not first vote to approve this rule , the health - care bill itself cannot be brought to the floor .
“ We will try to -- we , there ’s about 40 likeminded Democrats like myself -- we ’ll try to take down the rule , ” Stupak told CNSNews.com .
“ If all 40 of us vote in a bloc against the rule -- because we think the Republicans will join us -- we can defeat the rule .
The magic number is 218 .
If we can have 218 votes against the rule , we win . ”
Earlier this afternoon we looked at some of the obstacles to passage of meaningful health care reform , primarily obstacles from Big Business in the form of an entrenched culture of corruption between many members of the Senate and with the Executive Branch .
But not all the opposition is about dollars and cents .
The Insurance lobbyists and their Republican cronies are counting on the Blue Dogs , of course -- and greasing the way with massive infusions of cash not just to corrupt Republicans like John Boehner , Eric Cantor , Paul Ryan , Ed Royce , and Spencer Bachus -- the 5 leaders of the anti-health care onslaught -- but with hefty bribes to corrupt Democrats like John Barrow ( Blue Dog - GA ) , Melissa Bean ( D - IL ) , Earl Pomeroy ( Blue Dog -ND ) , and Charlie Melancon ( Blue Dog - LA ) .
But Republicans have assured the Insurance Lobby that they have another ace up their sleeves : the anti-choice Democrats .
It is n't easy to get a membership list of the House Pro-Life Caucus ( especially not the Democrats ) , but if you are thinking that all Republicans are anti-choice and all Democrats are pro-choice , you are very wrong .
Dede Scozzafava , battling for her political life against anti-choice extremists like Sarah Palin , Mike Pence , Rick Santorum and Michele Bachmann in NY - 23 right at the moment , is hardly the only pro-choice Republican .
Mike Castle ( R - DE , the GOP 's candidate for the open Delaware Senate seat ) , Mark Kirk ( R - IL , the GOP 's candidate for the open Illinois Senate seat ) , Judy Biggert ( R- IL ) , Charlie Dent ( R - PA ) , Shelley Moore Capito ( R - WV ) , Brian Bilbray ( R- CA ) , Lynn Jenkins ( R-KS ) , Leonard Lance ( R- NJ ) , Greg Walden ( R- OR ) , Mary Bono Mack ( R- CA ) , Rodney Frelinghuysen ( R - NJ ) , Kay Granger ( R - TX ) , and Ginny Brown - Waite ( R- FL ) are all openly pro-choice Republican members of the House .
And there are between three and four dozen anti-choice Democrats , although only around 20 hard core anti-choice absolutists .
Over the weekend there was a lot of talk about how the anti-choice Dems , led by Michigan reactionary Bart Stupak , would team up with the Republicans to scuttle health care reform in the name of preventing poor women from getting abortions .
It varies by the issue how many Democrats are willing to out themselves as anti-choice by crossing the aisle and voting against women with the GOP .
Last year only 16 voted against stem - cell research .
Not many people take Stupak overly seriously -- he 's a demented religionist fanatic who lives in the infamous C Street House as a member of the neo - fascist ( almost totally Republican ) Family -- but he brags that he can deliver 40 anti-choice Democrats to the " cause . "
Although Democrats who normally vote with the GOP on substantive matters , Blue Dogs like Bobby Bright , Dan Boren , Parker Griffith and Travis Childers , are against health care reformagainst choice , many of the anti-choice Democrats , like Marcy Kaptur , John Boccieri and Steve Driehaus , are not Blue Dogs and are in favor of health care reform .
Nevertheless CNSNews reported on Friday -- more out of faith than fact -- that Stupak has 40 Democrats to vote to kill health care reform .
The original 19 Democrats ( not 40 Democrats ) who signed onto Stupak 's threatening anti-choice letter to Pelosi were : Dan Boren ( Blue Dog - OK ) ; Bart Stupak ( D - MI ) ; Colin Peterson ( Blue Dog-MN ) ; Tim Holden ( Blue Dog - PA ) ; Travis Childers ( Blue Dog - MS ) ; Lincoln Davis ( Blue Dog - TN ) ; Heath Shuler ( Blue Dog -NC ) Solomon Ortiz ( D - TX ) ; Mike McIntyre ( Blue Dog-NC ) ; Jerry Costello ( D - IL ) ; Gene Taylor ( Blue Dog - MS ) ; James Oberstar ( D - MN ) ; Bobby Bright ( Blue Dog - AL ) ; Steve Driehaus ( D - OH ) ; Marcy Kaptur ( D - OH ) ; Charlie Melancon ( Blue Dog-LA ) ; John Murtha ( D - PA ) ; Paul Kanjorski ( D - PA ) ; and Kathleen Dahlkemper ( Blue Dog - PA ) .
" We ? " Certainly not the people of the U.S. or folks on either side of the Mackinac Bridge .
Maybe he means the shady fascist group he belongs to on C Street .
Labels : Bart Stupak , Blue Dogs , Choice , religious fanatics
It was so nearly known as dinner .
Instead , a small and not terribly impressive chameleon has become the newest discovery of the natural world , after a startled Tanzanian snake spat a still - undigested specimen at the feet of a British scientist , who identified it as a previously unknown species .
Dr Andrew Marshall , a conservationist from York University , was surveying monkeys in the Magombera forest in Tanzania , when he stumbled across a twig snake which , frightened , coughed up the chameleon and fled .
Though a colleague persuaded him not to touch it because of the risk from venom , Marshall suspected it might be a new species , and took a photograph to send to colleagues , who confirmed his suspicions .
Kinyongia magomberae , literally " the chameleon from Magombera " , is the result , though Marshall told the Guardian today the fact it was n't easy to identify is precisely what made it unique .
" The thing is , colour is n't the best thing for telling chameleons apart , since they can change colour for camouflage .
They are usually identified based on the patterning and shape of the head , and the arrangement of scales .
In this case it 's the bulge of scales on its nose . "
Happily for Marshall , shortly afterwards he spotted a second chameleon , this time alive , and was able to photograph it .
The two creatures were found about six miles apart , which he believes may be the full extent of the area colonised by the extremely rare species .
Though he found the specimen in 2005 , his paper on the discovery , published this week , puts the find formally on record .
" It takes quite a long time to convince the authorities that you have a new species , " he said .
Had Marshall hoped it might be named after him ?
" Oh crumbs , no .
The thing is , if you work in an area of conservation importance and you can give a species the name of that area it can really highlight that area .
By giving it the name Magombera it raises the importance of the forest . "
The tiny area of jungle is currently unprotected , he said , and he hopes the find will persuade the Tanzanian authorities to extend protection .
" When we presented our findings to the local village people they were just amazed that the world now knows an animal by the Swahili name Magombera , " he said .
madapakasanasabato
OceanicHackZ
What is the controls for SF Wallhack ?
First of all , I 'm not the one who create this program and i did not edit it .
I leeched it at www.gamerzplanet.net posted byandHow to config /use SF Wallhack ?
1. Download Special Force Wallhack 2 . Extract the files of sucrose .rar3 .
Open the folder OMFGZ folder4 .
Open the pink.exe and minimize it5 .
Open the injector .exe6 .
Change the Gunz.exe at the Box of Process EXE name : to specialforce.exe7 .
Click the Select Dlls at the right side and open the pink.dll8 .
Open your Special Force Game ( or the dflauncher.exe not specialforce.exe ) 9 .
Put your User ID and Password then Login10 .
There is a pop up , just click OK and FINISHNumpad 1 = On / Off Crosshair ( Color White ) Numpad 2 = On / Off WallhackNumpad 3 = On / Off FogNumpad 4 = Fully Brightness
If you ’re a fan of programs like All Things Considered , Fresh Air , and Car Talk , you ’ll be happy to learn of today ’s news .
Â NPR has announced that their new Android app â€ œNPR Newsâ€ has completed the development phase and should be available for download later this month .
The NPR News app came about as a result of Google ’s famous 20 % time projects .
Â
Google employee , developer and NPR aficionado Michael Frederick approached NPRâ€™s Mobile team .
Â
He actually offered to build them the app himself .
â€ œWeâ€™ve seen a nearly ten - fold increase in our mobile traffic since the launch of our iPhone app earlier this year , said Kinsey Wilson , senior vice president and general manager , NPR Digital Media .
â€œWith the redesign of our mobile web site and the launch of the Android app weâ€™re now able to bring that superior experience to a much wider audience.â€ 
Highlights include :
Backgrounding – The NPR News app for Android allows backgrounding , so that users can click to listen to audio and then toggle between applications as the audio is playing .
It also uses open source code , allowing developers to iterate and improve the app in the future .
– The NPR News app for Android allows backgrounding , so that users can click to listen to audio and then toggle between applications as the audio is playing .
It also uses open source code , allowing developers to iterate and improve the app in the future .
Listen and Read – Allows users to listen to programs and read news at the same time .
– Allows users to listen to programs and read news at the same time .
Extensive Topics section - Â
News section showcases NPRâ€™s top 10 - 20 topics of the day ranging from Science to Books to World News .
-Â News section showcases NPRâ€™s top 10 - 20 topics of the day ranging from Science to Books to World News .
NPR station listening choices – Easy to find and bookmark more than 600 favorite NPR stations and hundreds of station on - demand streams .
Â Live station streaming to launch in Spring 2010 .
Easy to find and bookmark more than 600 favorite NPR stations and hundreds of station on - demand streams .
Â Live station streaming to launch in Spring 2010 .
Playlist – Bookmark favorite programs to play later .
Michael Geist sez , " According to the official agenda , in a few hours the Anti Counterfeiting Trade Agreement talks will continue on the Internet provisions and then move into the criminal provisions chapter .
It is worth highlighting the ongoing criminal provisions as well .
As previously leaked , the U.S. and Japan supplied the initial text for this chapter .
Their proposal included extending criminal enforcement to both ( 1 ) cases of a commercial nature ; and ( 2 ) cases involving significant willful copyright and trademark infringement even where there is no direct or indirect motivation of financial gain .
In other words , non-commercial infringement could lead to criminal penalties .
Plus , jail time for unauthorized camcording of films and even for fake DVD and CD packaging . "
ACTA Negotiations , Day Two : What 's On Tap
( Thanks , Michael ! )
LAKE FOREST –– A woman asked police for overnight satellite surveillance today after an alleged afternoon break - in .
Orange County Sheriff deputies responded to a 911 call at 2:06 p.m. in the 21700 block of Lake Vista Drive .
A woman reported she had heard her sliding door being opened followed with suspicious noises on the ground floor of her home .
She told deputies she was hiding in the upstairs and feared someone was in her home , said Sgt. Roger Dawes .
Deputies responded immediately and checked the house but found no evidence of a forced entry or anyone in the house , Dawes said .
“ The woman requested that the deputies Google Earth her house and keep it on satellite surveillance overnight , ” Dawes said .
( CNN ) --
The popular microblogging site Twitter was hacked briefly by a group calling itself the Iranian Cyber Army , but the site was quickly restored after the incident early Friday .
Those who tried to access
Twitter were redirected to a site displaying a green flag and proclaiming , in English , " This site has been hacked by Iranian Cyber Army . "
The group 's Web address was provided .
Arabic writing in blue said , " Hezbollah is victorious , " and a message on the flag said , " Ya Hussein , " referring to Prophet Mohammed 's grandson .
The United States and Israel categorize Hezbollah , a political party in Lebanon , as a terrorist organization .
" The group claiming responsibility for the Twitter hacking is previously unknown , but its symbols would be familiar to anyone looking at radical ( Web ) sites , " said Octavia Nasr , CNN 's senior editor for Middle East affairs .
" The hackers are definitely Shiites , as indicated by the ' Ya Hussein ' chant printed on their banner , " she said .
" The group also uses Arabic in their text , a clear indication of collaboration with Arabic groups .
Hezbollah is a Lebanese Shiite militia with ideological , political and military ties to Iran .
The same name is also used by a group inside Iran . "
Twitter posted a message about 2:30 a.m. ET
Friday on its official Twitter page , saying , " Twitter 's DNS ( domain name system ) records were temporarily compromised but have now been fixed . "
" In the past few years , we 've been seeing a rise in desire for hacking by insurgents and terrorist groups , " said Nasr .
Not only do they hack outside sites , but they hack each other 's , she said .
" The idea of ' cyber terrorism ' and ' cyber insurgency ' has been manifested in many ways -- ( with ) hacking individual sites being the most infamous . "
She added , " This week 's ( revelation of ) successful hacking of U.S. predator drone feeds by Iranian - backed Shiite militants adds another level of sophistication toward the hacking effort . "
Twitter became unwittingly involved in Iranian politics last summer .
When Iran 's disputed presidential election spiraled into bloody protests , the opposition used Twitter and other social networking sites to inform the world .
Protesters beamed images from the violent demonstrations at a time when mainstream media were given almost no access to the demonstrations .
Twitter became so fundamental in spreading news of the protests that the U.S. State Department asked the company to delay a planned shutdown for maintenance .
CNN 's Tracy Doueiry contributed to this report .
Australia To Japan : End Whaling By June Or We 'll See You In Court
Like us on Facebook :
The current article you are reading does not reflect the views of the current editors and contributors of the new Ecorazzi
While the Sea Shepherd are attempting to find the Japanese whaling fleet ( and , in terms of the Ady Gil , actually get out of port ) , the Australian government is ramping up threats to take Japan to court over their so - called “ scientific research ” .
Granted , we ’ve heard this grumbling before .
Since 2007 , Prime Minister Kevin Rudd has repeatedly vowed to take action to end the hunt — but with very little to show .
“ What we ’ve done with the previous government of Japan and this current government is seek to resolve this matter diplomatically — diplomatically and finding a way through , ” he told The Australian while preparing for a meeting with Japan ’s PM Yukio Hatoyama in Tokyo .
“ But I have said very clearly , if we do n’t find a way through there is one way to sort this out and that is through the appropriate international legal mechanisms . ”
Though Rudd refused to comment on a timeline for his patience running out , Environment Minister Peter Garrett was a bit more forthcoming .
On a radio program yesterday he said that if Japan made no undertaking by June to end the kill “ legal option will be undertaken ” .
“ Our commitment is for the killing of whales in the Southern Ocean to cease , ” he said .
“ We are opposed to it .
We ’ve remained opposed to it ever since we ’ve come to government and that is our policy goal . ”
We ’ll see if Rudd and Co. remain true to that pledge .
As Opposition Leader Tony Abbott said in response to the latest threats .
“ I do n’t think you should make threats that you do n’t carry out .
It just brings Australia into disrepute .
It embarrasses us before a country which is otherwise a very , very important country and a very good friend to Australia . ”
What do you think ?
Will Australia take that next step in June — or will this be more of the same empty promises we ’ve heard before ?
Photo :
A slaughtered minke whale and its calf being hauled up the ramp of the Japanese ship , the Yushin Maru .
Docs Pull Needles From Near Toddler 's Lung , Heart Dozens of less - life - threatening needles may be removed in additional surgeries .
Dec. 18 , 2009  --
Surgeons have removed the four most life - threatening sewing needles from a 2 - year - old Brazilian boy who had 42 needles lodged in his body .
The boy was in stable condition following nearly three hours of surgery to remove the needles from inside his lung and close to his heart , said Susy Moreno , a spokeswoman at Ana Neri Hospital in Salvador , Brazil , where the boy is being treated , according to The Associated Press .
" He 's OK , the surgery was a success , he 's doing fine , " Moreno told the AP in a telephone interview .
Doctors will evaluate the boy 's progress before additional surgeries to remove the remaining needles , Moreno said , according to the AP .
The boy reportedly suffered a high fever Thursday , and doctors feared that he could have had a life - threatening hemorrhage .
Roberto Carlos Magalhães , the boy 's stepfather , has confessed to torturing the toddler , a police official told reporters Thursday .
The child 's identity has not been released because of his age .
Doctors originally believed that the boy , of the Brazilian state of Bahia , had up to 50 needles -- some as long as two inches -- lodged in his body .
Earlier this week , the boy had been receiving care at the Hospital do Oeste in Barreiras , Brazil , but he was airlifted to Ana Neri Hospital to get the surgery necessary to remove the needles , according to the AP .
The boy was in intensive care but was in stable condition at the time of the 240 - mile trip to Salvador .
Surgery could continue to be a dicey endeavor .
Dr. Luiz Cesar Soltoski at the Hospital do Oeste , who had been treating the boy , told reporters that he believed some of the needles would have to stay inside the boy 's body because they are close to his liver , making their removal too dangerous .
X - rays revealed that several of the other needles were also lodged near vital organs .
Meanwhile , a police official speaking on condition of anonymity told the Associated Press that 33 - year - old Magalhaes has confessed to embedding the needles in the child .
Magalhaes on Wednesday had claimed innocence in the boy 's injuries , but now police said that he committed the act with the assistance of a female acquaintance .
The official said that police are now investigating whether the incident was associated with a black magic ritual .
Doctors first detected the needles inside the boy 's body on Sunday using an X -ray .
He had been complaining of pain in the days before the X-ray , and once the needles were detected , the boy was moved to the Hospital do Oeste .
Doctors initially found no signs of outside wounds on the boy .
Associated Press reports contributed to this report .
Damn Cool Algorithms : Log structured storage
Posted by Nick Johnson | Filed under tech , damn - cool - algorithms
Typically , if you 're designing a storage system - such as a filesystem , or a database - one of your major concerns is how to store the data on disk .
You have to take care of allocating space for the objects to be stored , as well as storing the indexing data ; you have to worry about what happens when you want to extend an existing object ( eg , appending to a file ) , and you have to take care of fragmentation , which happens when old objects are deleted , and new ones take their place .
All of this adds up to a lot of complexity , and the solutions are often buggy or inefficient .
Log structured storage is a technique that takes care of all of these issues .
It originated as Log Structured File Systems in the 1980s , but more recently it 's seeing increasing use as a way to structure storage in database engines .
In its original filesystem application , it suffers from some shortcomings that have precluded widespread adoption , but as we 'll see , these are less of an issue for database engines , and Log Structured storage brings additional advantages for a database engine over and above easier storage management .
The basic organization of a log structured storage system is , as the name implies , a log - that is , an append - only sequence of data entries .
Whenever you have new data to write , instead of finding a location for it on disk , you simply append it to the end of the log .
Indexing the data is accomplished by treating the metadata the same way : Metadata updates are also appended to the log .
This may seem inefficient , but disk - based index structures such as B - Trees are typically very broad , so the number of index nodes we need to update with each write is generally very small .
Let 's look at a simple example .
We 'll start off with a log containing only a single item of data , and an index node that references it :
So far so good .
Now , suppose we want to add a second element .
We append the new element to the end of the log , then we update the index entry , and append the updated version of that to the log , too :
The original index entry ( A ) is still in the logfile , but it 's no longer used :
It 's been replaced by the new entry , A' , which refers to the original , unmodified copy of Foo , as well as the new entry , Bar .
When something wants to read our filesystem , it finds the root node of the index , and uses it as it would in any other system using disk - based indexing .
Finding the root of the index warrants a quick aside .
The naive approach would simply be to look at the last block in the log , since the last thing we write is always the root of the index .
However , this is n't ideal , as it's possible that at the time you try to read the index , another process is halfway through appending to the log .
We can avoid this by having a single block - say , at the start of the logfile - that contains a pointer to the current root node .
Whenever we update the log , we rewrite this first entry to ensure it points to the new root node .
For brevity , we have n't shown this in the diagrams .
Next , let 's examine what happens when we update an element .
Say we modify Foo :
We started by writing an entirely new copy of Foo to the end of the log .
Then , we again updated the index nodes ( only A ' in this example ) and wrote them to the end of the log as well .
Once again , the old copy of Foo remains in the log ; it 's just no longer referenced by the updated index .
You 've probably realised that this system is n't sustainable indefinitely .
At some point , we are going to run out of storage space , with all this old data sitting around taking up space .
In a filesystem , this is dealt with by treating the disk as a circular buffer , and overwriting old log data .
When this happens , data that is still valid simply gets appended to the log again as if it was freshly written , which frees up the old copy to be overwritten .
In a regular filesystem , this is where one of the shortcomings I mentioned earlier rears its ugly head .
As the disk gets fuller , the filesystem needs to spend more and more of its time doing garbage collection , and writing data back to the head of the log .
By the time you reach 80 % full , your filesystem practically grinds to a halt .
If you 're using log structured storage for a database engine , however , this is n't a problem !
We 're implementing this on top of a regular filesystem , so we can make use of it to make our life easier .
If we split the database into multiple fixed - length chunks , then when we need to reclaim some space , we can pick a chunk , rewrite any still active data , and delete the chunk .
The first segment in our example above is beginning to look a bit sparse , so let 's do that :
All we did here was to take the existing copy of ' Bar ' and write it to the end of the log , followed by the updated index node(s ) , as described above .
Now that we 've done that , the first log segment is entirely empty , and can be deleted .
This approach has several advantages over the filesystem 's approach .
For a start , we 're not restricted to deleting the oldest segment first :
If an intermediate segment is nearly empty , we can choose to garbage collect that , instead .
This is particularly useful for databases that have some data that stays around for an extended time , and some data that gets overwritten repeatedly :
We do n't want to waste too much time rewriting the same unmodified data .
We also have some more flexibility about when to garbage collect : we can usually wait until a segment is mostly obsolete before garbage collecting it , further minimising the amount of extra work we have to do .
The advantages of this approach for a database do n't end there , though .
In order to maintain transactional consistency , databases typically use a " Write Ahead Log " , or WAL .
When a database wants to persist a transaction to disk , it first writes all the changes to the WAL , flushes those to disk , then updates the actual database files .
This allows it to recover from a crash by ' replaying the changes recorded in the WAL .
If we use log structured storage , however , the Write Ahead Log is the database file , so we only need to write data once .
In a recovery situation , we simply open the database , start at the last recorded index header , and search forward linearly , reconstructing any missing index updates from the data as we go .
Taking advantage of our recovery scheme from above , we can further optimise our writes , too .
Instead of writing the updated index nodes with every write , we can cache them in memory , and only write them out to disk periodically .
Our recovery mechanism will take care of reconstructing things in a crash , as long as we provide it some way to distinguish completed transactions from incomplete ones .
Backups are also easier with this approach :
We can continuously , incrementally back up our database by copying each new log segment to backup media as it is completed .
To restore , we just run the recovery process again .
One final major advantage to this system relates to concurrency and transactional semantics in databases .
In order to provide transactional consistency , most databases use complex systems of locks to control which processes can update data at what times .
Depending on the level of consistency required , this can involve readers taking out locks to make sure data is not modified while they are reading it , as well as writers locking data for write , and can cause significant performance degradation even with relatively low write rates , if enough concurrent reads are occurring .
We can beat this with Multiversion Concurrency Control , or MVCC .
Whenever a node wants to read from the database , it looks up the current root index node , and uses that node for the remainder of its transaction .
Because existing data is never modified in a log - based storage system , the process now has a snapshot of the database at the time it grabbed the handle :
Nothing a concurrent transaction can do will affect its view of the database .
Just like that , we have lock - free reads !
When it comes to writing data back , we can make use of Optimistic concurrency .
In a typical read - modify - write cycle , we first perform our read operations , as described above .
Then , to write our changes , we take the write lock for the database , and verify that none of the data we read in the first phase has been modified .
We can do this quickly , by looking at the index , and checking if the address for the data we care about is the same as when we last looked .
If it 's the same , no writes have occurred , and we can proceed with modifying it ourselves .
If it 's different , a conflicting transaction occurred , and we simply roll back and start again with the read phase .
With me singing its praises so loudly , you may be wondering what systems already use this algorithm .
There are surprisingly few that I 'm aware of , but here 's a few notable ones :
Although the original Berkeley DB uses a fairly standard architecture , the Java port , BDB - JE uses all of the components we just described .
CouchDB uses the system just described , except that instead of dividing logs into segments and garbage collecting them , it rewrites its entire database when enough stale data accumulates .
PostgreSQL uses MVCC , and its writeahead logs are structured so as to permit the incremental backup approach we described .
The App Engine datastore is based on Bigtable , which takes a different approach to on - disk storage , but the transactional layer uses optimistic concurrency .
If you know of other database systems that use the ideas detailed in this post , let us know in the comments !
Disqus
If you have n’t already heard the Super Mario Bros. , Ghostbusters , and Zelda theme songs , then get ready to be shocked .
Continue reading to hear those and more , recreated with tesla coils — image via HnM .
Leading economic indicators are soaring and inquiring minds are wondering if they signal a strong recovery is in the works .
First let 's consider the Bullish case from the ECRI .
Please consider U.S. recovery ' unlikely to falter ' anytime soon - ECRI
Oct 2 ( Reuters ) -
An index of future U.S. economic growth slipped in the latest week , but its yearly growth rate climbed to a new record high , indicating a smooth recovery in the near - term , a research group said on Friday .
The Economic Cycle Research Institute , a New York - based independent forecasting group , said its Weekly Leading Index slipped to 127.1 in the week to Sept. 25 from an upwardly revised 127.9 the prior week , which was originally reported as 127.8 .
Last week 's figure marked a 60 - week high .
The index 's yearly growth rate rose to new all - time high of 25.1 percent in the latest reading from 24.3 percent the prior week .
" With WLI growth rising to yet another record high , the economic recovery is highly unlikely to falter in the next few months , " said ECRI Managing Director Lakshman Achuthan .
Double Dip Recession Out Of The Question
" With WLI growth continuing to surge through late summer , a double dip back into recession in the fourth quarter is simply out of the question , " said ECRI Managing Director Lakshman Achuthan , reinstating the group 's recent warning to ignore negative analyst projections .
Strongest Recovery Since Early 1980s
ECRI Says Inflation On Cusp Of Upswing
Oct 2 ( Reuters ) - A monthly gauge of U.S. inflation pressures continued to rise in September to an 11 - month high , suggesting an upswing in prices expected in an economic recovery , a research group said on Friday .
The Economic Cycle Research Institute 's U.S. Future Inflation Gauge ( USFIG ) , designed to anticipate cyclical swings in the rate of inflation , rose to 90.6 in September from an upwardly revised 89.7 in August , which was originally reported at 89.6 .
" The upturns in the USFIG and its components have become fairly pronounced , pervasive and persistent .
Thus , while this is not yet a significant policy concern , U.S. inflation is on the cusp of a cyclical upswing , " said Lakshman Achuthan , managing director at ECRI .
Cusp of Inflation ?
ECRI 's inflation warning
the well - known monthly Index of Leading Economic Indicators ( LEI ) , originally developed by ECRI 's founder , Geoffrey H. Moore , also oversaw the development of the WLI , which represents the latest in a long series of advances made since the introduction of the original LEI .
Conference Board ( LEI ) Leading Economic Indicators
" Since reaching a peak in July 2007 , the LEI fell for twenty months – the longest downtrend since the mid 1970s – but it has been rising since April and its gains have become very widespread , " says Ataman Ozyildirim , Economist at The Conference Board .
" The six - month growth rate of the LEI continues to accelerate .
At the same time , the downtrend in the coincident economic index , measuring current economic activity , seems to be stabilizing , with the index flat so far this quarter . "
Says Ken Goldstein , Economist at The Conference Board : " The LEI has risen for five consecutive months and the coincident economic index has stopped falling .
Taken together , this suggests that the recession is bottoming out .
These numbers are consistent with the view that after a very severe downturn , a recovery is very near .
But , the intensity and pattern of that recovery is more uncertain . "
Not Your Normal Leading Economic Indicator
One of the things that many market commentators and research houses have pointed at to support their bullish outlook on the stock market are the leading economic indicators .
I have had the sneaky suspicion that the aggressive and unprecedented actions on the part of the Fed have played a significant role in the LEI given a misleading signal as to an economic turnaround it is forecasting , while the economic components would likely paint a different picture .
It is important to understand the makeup of the Conference Board ’s Leading Economic Index ( LEI ) and the weights that each component makes up of the LEI .
Below is the breakdown of the ten indicators that make up the LEI and their respective weights in the index .
As seen below , the three financial indicators make up approximately 50 % of the LEI while the seven economic components make up the other 50 % , with the M2 money supply alone making up 35.8 % of the total LEI .
Money makes the world go round , I guess , according to the LEI .
Shown below are the YOY rate of change growth rates in the Conference Board ’s LEI and my indexes of the economic and monetary components separated out .
What is a clear take away is that the monetary LEI is doing the heavy lifting as the economic LEI remains in negative territory .
What you can also see is that beginning in the 1980s the growth rate between the monetary and economic LEI began to show a greater disparity in their growth rates than they did in the 1970s .
What this would tend to imply is that a greater level of monetary stimulus measures were needed to translate into improved economic growth rates .
This aligns with the second chart below that shows the dollar increase in debt per dollar increase in GDP , which shows higher amounts of debt were needed to produce a dollar of GDP , and we are fast approaching the “ Zero Hour ” in which rising debt does not translate into increased economic growth , or the “ pay the piper ” moment for our economy .
Zero Hour - Debt Fails To Add To GDP
Further illustrating the notion that it is taking record stimulus just to keep growth going is the YOY growth rate difference between the Monetary LEI and the Economic LEI , with the disparity between the two growth rates at the highest level in the last half century .
The above charts simply illustrate that our economy is fundamentally weak and instead of allowing our economy to sober up after its debt binge , our monetary and governmental authorities are trying to keep the economy drunk and chugging along , using greater amounts of monetary alcohol than ever before .
M2 LEI
M2 - Annualized Rate of Change
Total Bank Credit - Annualized Rate of Change
Weekly Hours Do Not Suggest Strength
Table B - 2 . Average weekly hours of production and nonsupervisory workers
Payroll Hours Changes August To September ( Major Categories )
Total Private -.1
Goods producing -.1
Mining and Logging -.2
Construction -.4
Manufacturing -.1
Durable Goods -.1
Nondurable Goods -.1
Fraudster Madoff in hospital with serious facial injuries , broken ribs and a collapsed lung after ' falling out of prison bed '
Facial injuries : Bernard Madoff fell out of his prison bed
Disgraced financier Bernie Madoff is being treated in hospital for serious facial injuries after falling out of his prison bed .
The 71 - year - old was last week moved to a medical centre within a federal prison in North Carolina for undisclosed reasons .
It was initially thought that Madoff , who is serving a 150 - year sentence for a $ 65 billion fraud , had been assaulted by another inmate , but it has now been reported he fell out of bed , landing on his face .
Madoff was taken to Duke University Medical Center in Durham with facial fractures , broken ribs and a collapsed lung , according to ABC11 Eyewitness News .
A spokeswoman for the US Bureau of Prisons this week denied Madoff had been attacked , saying he was being treated for hypertension and dizziness .
Spokeswoman Traci Billingsley said he had been transferred to hospital on December 18 , but she declined to comment on the reason , citing privacy rules .
Ira Sorkin , Madoff 's attorney , confirmed his client was experiencing high blood pressure and heart palpitations .
In late August , prison officials denied a published report that Madoff had been diagnosed with cancer and was terminally ill .
The New York Post reported that Madoff had cancer and that he had told other inmates that he did not have long to live .
The newspaper cited unnamed prison sources .
Madoff was treated at the Duke University Medical Center in Durham , North Carolina
In October it was reported that Madoff was involved in a prison - yard brawl with one of his fellow prisoners over the state of the economy , .
He was heard getting involved in an argument with another elderly prisoner about the financial markets before the disagreement turned physical .
According to eyewitnesses , it was Madoff who had the better of the fight .
After the prisoner pushed him , the fraudster was said to have shoved his attacker back even harder , making him stumble and lose his footing .
Madoff was sentenced to the maximum 150 years imprisonment after pleading guilty to orchestrating a worldwide ' Ponzi ' scheme that bilked thousands of investors .
His fraud ensnared hedge funds , non-profit groups and celebrities , and devastated the life savings of thousands .
It emerged that he had orchestrated a pyramid - or Ponzi scheme , named after a 1920s fraudster - by using cash from new investors to pay higher than normal returns to existing clients .
Madoff had previously earned a reputation as a trusted money manager , who brought his clients returns even as the market fluctuated .
But late last year he made a dramatic confession - authorities say he pulled his sons aside and told them it was ‘ all just one big lie ’ .
He pleaded guilty in March to securities fraud and other charges , saying he was ‘ deeply sorry and ashamed ’ .
MEXICO CITY , Mexico —
The communal lands outside San Juan del Rio are a world away from the plush boardrooms of Copenhagen .
But here , in the heart of Mexico , the hard , dry earth has a secret to tell , one that could alter next month ’s discussions on climate change and affect billions of people around the globe .
For almost two years , President Felipe Calderon has pushed hard to transform Mexico into a leading voice on environmental issues , hosting international summits on climate change and inviting climate guru Al Gore to discuss the dangers of inaction .
In June , the president even pledged to cut 50 million tons of carbon dioxide emissions , or 7 percent , per year until he leaves office in 2012 , a promise that stunned many of his fellow countrymen .
All the while , Calderon has portrayed Mexico as the rare developing country willing to do its part to fight global warming .
“ We all should contribute , each to our own degree , what we can in this fight , ” Calderon said in September .
“ This has caused some tension with our fellow developing countries … but we believe that we can find formulas that will allow everyone to contribute when it comes to this matter of life and death . ”
But the president ’s proposals have come under strong criticism here in Mexico , where a string of failed programs , scandals and delays have cast doubt on the government ’s ability to fix its own environmental problems , let alone design international accords .
The president ’s environmental program consists of two pillars : a forestry program called ProArbol and a proposed international “ Green Fund ” to finance projects intended to reduce greenhouse gas emissions .
ProArbol has come under particular scrutiny , its first two years plagued with poor results and charges of fraud .
The program is charged with reforesting 400,000 hectares of forest per year , but a government audit found ProArbol only planted 341,000 in 2007 , despite spending all of its funds .
Meanwhile , a Greenpeace investigation earlier this year found that only 8 percent of the trees ProArbol planted two years ago actually survived .
In some cases , non-native trees were planted and quickly died , while in others , the trees were already sick or were planted at the wrong time of the year .
Rather than halt deforestation , ProArbol has only made it worse by pretending the problem is under control , said Hector Magallon , head of Greenpeace Mexico ’s Forest Campaign .
Mexico loses roughly 500,000 hectares of forest per year , ranking it among the five most heavily deforested countries in the world .
Like Calderon ’s government as a whole , ProArbol has favored private companies — in this case timber companies and tree nurseries — over more effective , community - based solutions , said Magallon .
Cities like San Juan del Rio , once ringed by hearty forests , now fill with dust from the barren hillsides that surround them .
The town of 1,000 sits at the foot of a mountain , its simple cinderblock houses clustered around a small lake .
Dry , furrowed farms stretch out toward the highway .
Above , the mountain slope looks barren and worn .
The newspaper El Universal reported earlier this year that only two out of the 90 trees planted in 2007 by ProArbol in the community of El Coto , near San Juan del Rio , were still alive .
The real focus , however , of Mexico ’s green makeover is Calderon ’s “ Green Fund . ”
The president has promoted the idea as a potential successor to the soon - to - expire Kyoto Protocol .
The fund would consist of $ 10 billion donated from all but the poorest of countries around the world .
The amount each country contributes would depend on three factors : its GDP per capita plus its present and historical share of greenhouse gas emissions .
Rich or developed countries could withdraw up to half of their contributions , while developing countries could withdraw twice their share .
If adopted , the Green Fund “ will finance projects oriented toward reducing carbon emissions or capturing carbon from the atmosphere , ” Calderon explained last month .
France , Britain and Germany have praised the Green Fund as a good idea .
But many countries have balked at endorsing it , or insisted that it supplement a more rigorous , binding agreement on reducing greenhouse gases .
“ Getting climate change and the environment onto the table rhetorically is not a small feat , so that has been a success , ” said Shannon O’Neil , a Mexico expert at the Council on Foreign Relations .
“ But the question for the Calderon government over the next three years is : Will there actually be this investment ? ”
Mexico currently produces 650 million tons of greenhouse gases per year , or 1.5 percent of the world total , making it the 13th largest polluter .
Calderon has said the Green Fund will bring green technology to developing countries that ordinarily would n’t have the funds for such projects .
But the fund also has its fair share of critics who say that it — like ProArbol — favors large , international corporations .
“ The Green Fund does n’t represent the transferring of technology , but rather the application of technology that ’s in the hands of other countries , ” said Rosario Perez , a professor of economics and environmental studies at the National Autonomous University of Mexico .
“ The money will end up going to the international companies that build the projects , ” said Perez , while Mexican businesses “ wo n’t even learn anything , because the technology wo n’t belong to them . ”
Ultimately , the Green Fund is just a finance mechanism , not a quick solution to climate change , said Roberto Cabral , assistant director for strategic financing at Mexico ’s Secretariat for Environment and Natural Resources .
Nor does it preclude any additional treaties or restrictions on emissions , he added .
And while some have called the Green Fund an attempt to distract attention from Mexico ’s bloody drug war , Cabral says the government ’s environmental reputation is beyond debate .
“ Mexico ’s global leadership on this issue is not something we ’re searching for , ” he said .
“ It ’s a consequence of what we ’ve been doing . ”
Residents of El Coto might beg to differ .
There were sixteen relatives in four bedrooms ...
Christmas ' 59
by John Hughes
All in all it was a pretty exciting Christmas , what with the relatives and the presents and the fun and the cops and Aunt Hazel 's dog blowing up in our living room .
Mom and my Aunt Martha wanted to have one of those fun old - fashioned Christmases that people on TV have , where everybody wears ties and sweaters and sits by the fireplace and makes Christmas - tree ornaments out of food .
But as Dad said , the only reason those people have fun is they 're getting paid for it .
I was just about positive I was getting skis and boots and poles for Christmas .
It was the only thing I asked for , and when a kid asks for only one thing , its awfully hard for parents not to buy it , because of how disappointed the kid would be .
Unless they bought him a BB gun or a horse instead , and the only way I 'd get a BB gun was over my mom 's dead body and we did n't have enough room in the garage for a horse .
But it 's too bad we did n't have a horse in the garage , because then Grandpa Pete and Grandpa Swenson would never have gotten into their big fight about who got to keep his car inside .
My sisters and I spent most of the afternoon of the day before Christmas Eve sitting in the front window watching the road for our grandparents .
At about four o'clock we heard what sounded like a drag race .
And , sure enough , it was a drag race , and it was between Grandpa Pete and Grandpa Swenson .
It was pretty cool to watch that Rambler Ambassador and that Studebaker Regal whip around the corner and into the driveway so fast that the grandmas were screaming and holding on to the dashboards .
" God darn you , Pete ! " Grandpa Swenson yelled at Grandpa Pete .
" You drive like a maniac ! "
" Me ? " Grandpa Pete yelled back , as the two of them sat in their cars parked in front of the closed garage door .
" Judas Priest ! "
Mom said , running out the front door .
" They leave from two different houses in two different cities , three hundred miles away , racing like idiots --- it 's a miracle they got here in one piece ! "
Anyway , Mom told the two grandpas to pick which side of the garage they thought the empty space was on , and they both picked the same side .
So Mom made them flip a coin and Grandpa Pete lost .
" Two out of three ! " he demanded .
But Grandpa Swenson was n't about to risk his parking space , especially with all the rain we were getting .
We 'd had about five inches of snow the week before , but the rain had washed it all away .
Instead of looking like a Christmas card , with snowy trees and icicles , our house looked like a regular house , only worse , because of how terrible the Farleys ' dog 's stuff looked defrosting all over the lawn .
It bad taken a lot of work to keep everybody off our snow , and I even had to threaten my little sister , Amy , to keep her from screwing up the snow by making angels .
Oh , well .
It was just mud and brown grass now .
Also , the manger scene in the front yard looked pretty stupid sitting in the rain , especially when it was thundering and lightning .
Grandpa Pete and Grandma
Alice made a big fuss about having to carry their packages into the house in the rain .
Grandma
Alice complained about how the raindrops were staining the wrapping paper , and Grandpa Pete said , " It 's typical , Mama .
What did you expect ? "
All Grandma and Grandpa Swenson had to do was carry their packages right into the kitchen from the garage , and they had help , too .
His name was Xgung Wo , and he was this guy who went to college at Michigan State who spent a lot of time at my grandparents ' house because he was from Thailand and was very lonely .
Grandma Swenson invited him to come along to our fun old - fashioned family Christmas so that he would n't have to sit all by himself in his dormitory on a holiday and feel sad about World War II and how terrible it was to his family .
Mom said she was delighted to have him , and she shook his hand and talked in her phony , " How do you do " voice .
" I 'll sreep in your base - ments , " Xgung Wo said , bowing to Mom .
" Do n't be silly , " Mom said .
" You can sleep in Johnny 's room . "
That was bad news for me .
Not only was he all grown up , but he had huge beaver teeth , glasses like my Grandpa's , and he buttoned his shirt all the way up to the top .
He also had his sweater on backward and he wore red socks with sandals .
" Your grandma has tord me you are an exerrent base - a - bore pitcher , " Xgung Wo said to me .
" Maybe pray for Detroit Rions one day ! "
Then he laughed in this hysterical , high - pitched , Woody Woodpecker voice and nodded his head and displayed his giant teeth .
" Huh ? Huh ?
Huh ? " he said , rubbing my head .
I did n't get much time to worry about Xgung
Wo sleeping in my room because my cousins arrived just after my grandparents .
There was my Uncle Dave and Aunt Martha and my cousins , Darby , Kate , and Dale .
The only one I really liked was Aunt Martha .
Uncle Dave was crabby all the time , and his idea of a joke was to yank your underpants up your crack and when you tried to get them out ask you if you were going to the show , because you were picking your seat .
My cousins would whine all the time and would n't eat anything unless they asked a million questions about what it was , what was in it , how it was prepared , and what it tasted like .
" Is n't this just the greatest ? " Aunt Martha said , putting her arms around Mom and Grandma Swenson .
" The whole family together for Christmas "
" Where are Mama and me sleeping ? " Grandpa Pete interrupted .
" Not in any darn bunk beds ! "
Mom quieted down everybody and explained the sleeping arrangements .
My sisters started to cry because they wanted to be in their own room for Christmas .
" Let the girls sleep in their rooms , " Aunt Martha said .
" Dave and I 'll sleep in the family room . "
" The hell we will ! " Uncle Dave said as he reached for the back of my underwear .
Just before Dad got home , Mom and Aunt Martha went into the kitchen and drew a diagram of the house and rearranged everyone , and it was just about the same except Dale and I were in the family room and Xgung Wo was in the basement .
Mom seemed very happy to get that all taken care of before Dad got home , because he was in a bad mood when he had to park on the street .
He also had gotten some bad news from work .
" The company really found that old Christmas spirit this year , " he said to Mom in the kitchen .
" You got your bonus ? "
" Yeah , " he said , reaching into his pocket .
" A cigarette lighter with my name on it . "
" It 's spelled wrong , " Mom noticed .
Dad took off his coat and hat and tossed them on a chair .
He opened the liquor cabinet and started taking out bottles .
Xgung
Wo must have heard the clink of the glass because he stuck his head around the corner and said , " Vodka martini , two orives , prease . "
After a dinner of ham , which made everybody thirsty , we all went into the living room .
Mom and Aunt Martha brought in big bowls of cranberries and popcorn and needles and thread .
" We 're going to make fun old - fashioned Christmas - tree trimmings ! "
Mom announced .
Nobody seemed to care very much .
Grandpa Pete and Grandpa Swenson were mad at each other again , because Grandpa Swenson accused Grandpa Pete of skipping dessert just so he could get dibs on the big wing chair .
Mom and Aunt Martha really put on the pressure for us to have a good time making the decorations .
But it was hard getting a needle through a cranberry , and it was hard not to eat the popcorn , even though it did n't have salt or butter on it .
" Can you put on some Christmas music , Clark ? "
Mom asked Dad .
He looked at her like she was nuts .
" Let 's sing ourselves ! " Aunt Martha suggested .
" Great ! "
Mom said , clapping her hands .
Then she and Aunt Martha broke into " Deck the Halls . "
" Deck the halls with boughs of holly ! " they sang .
" Come on !... Deck the halls ... Everybody !
Sing !
Deckthe halls with ... "
But nobody except Xgung
Wo joined in .
" Put on a record , Clark , " Mom said in a voice that was half angry , half sad .
Dad grumbled something and turned on Amy 's record player , which Mom had brought downstairs .
He fished through the records and put on " Jingle Bells " by the Singing Dogs and turned it up real loud .
" Everybody bark along ! "
Dad shouted .
He and Uncle Dave started barking .
Then the kids joined in .
It was fun , but Aunt Martha and Mom just sat there and looked mad .
Then they quietly took the bowls of popcorn and cranberries into the kitchen and made coffee .
After the song was over , Dad and Uncle Dave went into the family room .
They stopped off in the kitchen to apologize to Mom and Aunt Martha and to tell them how much fun they had making old - fashioned decorations .
Then Dad mixed drinks .
" Gung Ho ! " he called to Xgung Wo .
" What 're you drinkin' ? "
The pre-Christmas activities concluded with everybody crammed into the family room watching , Christmas a la Perry Como .
" He 's the only , s.o.b. who has fun at Christmas , " Dad said , referring to Mr. Como .
I had a ball that night .
My cousins and my sisters and I waited until everybody went to bed , then we went downstairs and looked at our Christmas presents .
Dale was kind of a clod about his presents , just rattling them and trying to guess the contents .
" No , " I told him .
" You carefully take the tape off and look inside .
Then you put the tape back . "
I demonstrated on a package that was on the top shelf of the downstairs hall closet .
" Holy cow ! " I said .
" It 's a BB gun ! "
I was getting a BB gun !
Dale wanted to take it out right away and go outside and shoot a bird or a car , but I told him it was one thing to peek at your presents and another altogether to play with them .
My little sister made a mess of one of her presents and then started crying because she knew she was going to get caught .
" I wonder where my skis are ? " I said .
" Probably in the basement , " Dale said .
" You ca n't go down there , " my older sister , Audrey , said .
" Zing Zoo is sleeping down there on the couch . "
That made it all the more fun .
The girls were too scared to go down , so Dale and I went alone .
It 's weird how a normal house can get very scary when there 's an Oriental guy in the basement .
" Shh ! " I whispered as we tiptoed down the stairs , trying not to make the old wooden steps creak .
" What if he 's really a jap ? "
Dale said .
When we got to the bottom of the stairs , we saw the beat - up green couch and some blankets and a pillow , but no Xgung .
Then we heard a noise in the utility room .
I peeked in the door and saw Xgung standing on a chair reaching into the crawlspace .
He was putting a bunch of Dad 's tools into an old suitcase and was just stepping down off the chair when he saw us .
He dropped the suitcase and jumped down off the chair .
" Herro ! " he said with a big , toothy grin .
I opened the door and stepped in .
Dale was behind me , practically shaking with fear .
I was worried that Xgung would tell my parents that I was down in the basement in the middle of the night and that my parents would figure out what I was up to .
So I told Xgung that Dale and I were looking for a game to play with , and he said , " Ha !
I 'm doing exactly the same thing . "
In the morning , that Christmas cheer people talk about was all over the house .
People were humming Christmas songs .
Even the grandpas were getting along , after discovering that they both hated the governor of Michigan .
It was n't always easy to be pleasant with the house so crowded .
It seemed like every time you went to do something , someone was already doing it .
Especially in the bathroom .
" All right ! " Dad yelled .
" Everybody get their coats !
We 're going for a tree ! "
" Take Xgung , " Grandma Swenson said .
" He 's never seen anyone purchase a Christmas tree before . "
Xgung threw down the last of his Bloody Mary and put on his sweater backward .
Dad went out the front door and just disappeared .
It was n't magic , it was ice .
Somehow all that rain had turned to ice and it was bitter cold and as slippery as a hockey rink .
Dad hit the porch and his legs went out from under him and he landed buttfirst .
" Goddammit all ! " he yelled .
Everything was covered with ice as thick as thumbnails .
It took Dad , with his sore butt , and Uncle Dave , who could hardly stop laughing , and all of us kids half an hour to get the ice off the car windows .
Dad was starting to get mad all over again .
Especially when he caught Xgung chipping ice off the trunk with a stone .
" I married one hell of a genius , " Dad said as we looked at three frozen , drooping Christmas trees .
" ' Let 's trim the tree on Christmas Eve , ' she says .
' It 'll be lots of fun . ' "
" I like this one , Daddy , " Amy said .
She pointed to one of the trees .
It looked like one of those bushes Italian people have in their front yards , the kind that are just a stick with a ball on top .
" This is it , sir , " the guy at the Christmas - tree lot said .
" How much ? " Dad asked .
" Twelve fifty "
" Stuff it ! "
We drove all around looking for better trees but did n't find any trees at all .
We even tried to buy one of those fake , metal trees , but the only ones left were missing branches and looked worse than , and cost twice as much as , the crummy ones we saw before .
So we went back to where we were first , but there were only two trees left and the price had gone up to twenty - five dollars .
Mom was furious with Dad for not buying a tree .
The girls were crying at the prospect of a treeless Christmas .
Uncle Dave was mad that we wasted most of the afternoon and ended up with nothing but a bunch of bellyaching kids .
" We can put the presents under a table , for Pete 's sake ! "
Dad said in a feeble defense .
" We are not going to have Christmas without a tree !
Everybody has trees ! "
" Oh , balls they do ! " Dad argued .
" Gung Ho , you do n't have Christmas trees over there in Hong Kong , do you ? "
" I 'm from Thai - rand , and yes , we have Christmas trees , but we do n't have much hoopra , just appreciation of Jesus and rots of famiry rove . "
Mom and Dad argued for a while and Grandma Swenson scolded Dad for yelling at Mom .
" You did n't even bring home a Christmas bonus ! " she sneered .
Dad reached into his pocket and took out the lighter .
He flipped open the lid and fired it up .
He waved the flame at Grandma .
" Yeah ? " he said .
Then he got a funny look in his eyes , put on his hat , and went into the garage .
" You want a tree ?
You 'll have a damn tree ! " he yelled from the garage .
Mom tried to cover up all the arguing by gathering everybody into the living room to make a chain out of construction paper .
It was kind of fun except for all the glue on the carpet .
Uncle Dave was still laughing about Dad falling on his butt , and he kept showing his exactly how Dad fell and landed .
He started laughing twice as hard when he saw Dad out the window .
" Clark ! " Mom screamed .
She ran to the door and flung it open .
" Get inside here !
Right now ! "
" You want a tree ?
You 'll get a damn tree ! "
Dad was chopping down one of the pine trees in the front yard .
Mom ran upstairs crying and Aunt Martha went up with her .
" What an irresponsible goofball , " Grandpa Swenson said , shaking his head .
" Well , if your damn daughter had n't hounded him so bad all these years , he would n't be out there now ! "
Grandpa Pete said , defending Dad .
Dad brought the tree into the garage and attached the stand .
He was in a much better mood .
He always is after he does something really stupid .
I had to take that tree down anyway , " he told me .
" May as well save twenty - five bucks , huh ? "
" We 've got a lot of pine trees , Dad . "
" What do you think the pioneers and old - timers did ?
Go to a church Christmas - tree lot ?
Heck , no .
They used one of their own trees . "
After a while Mom came downstairs , and the tree was so pretty and Dad 's talk about pioneers and oldtimers fit so well with the idea of a fun old - fashioned Christmas that Mom gave him a kiss and said she was sorry , and all the cheer and stuff came back and lasted until the bird flew out of the tree .
" I did n't pick a tree with a bird in it ! "
Dad shouted at Mom as he chased the bird around the living room with a paper bag .
" Are you nuts ? " Uncle Dave said .
" You 'll never catch a bird in a bag .
You need a broom ! "
" Do n't kill it , Daddy ! "
Darby shrieked .
" It 's somebody 's state bird ! "
" Eek !
Cover your hair ! "
Audrey screamed .
" It 'll lay eggs ! "
" That 's a bat , " I told her .
" I 'm not taking chances ! "
" Open the windows ! "
Dad yelled as the bird swooped back and forth across the living room .
" It 's freezing cold outside ! " Grandma Swenson said .
" Well , go upstairs ! "
" Do n't be a snoot ! "
Uncle
Dave came running into the living room with a broom and in a matter of seconds put three big broom marks on the walls .
Mom grabbed the broom away from him .
" I just had these walls painted !
Darn you ! "
" He was just trying to help ! " Aunt Martha said .
" Well , help he did n't ! "
" We 're sorry !
If Clark had n't been so cheap , you would n't have a bird in your living room ! "
Dad heard that , and he turned to Aunt Martha and gave her a dirty look that was dirtier than the marks on the wall .
And Aunt Martha gave him one back .
" There he goes ! " Grandpa Swenson yelled as the bird flew out the living room window .
" Here he comes ! " yelled Grandpa Pete .
The bird had flown a big loop from the front of the house around to the back and in through the opposite windows and was back in the house again , swooping up and back .
" Here he comes ! " Dad yelled to Grandpa Swenson .
The bird whooshed across the living room .
Grandpa Swenson slammed the window shut just a split second before the bird got all the way out .
" Chiiiiiiirp . "
By the time the problem was all over and the bird had been flicked out in the yard , it was just about time for Dad and Uncle Dave to go pick up Aunt Hazel .
Aunt Hazel , by the way , was older than even my grandparents , and nobody was really sure how she got to be an aunt of ours , but she 'd been around for so many Christmases that it did n't make any difference anymore .
She was very nice and just sort of sat there in her seat and watched everything .
She always brought over presents that nobody liked .
I think she just wrapped up stuff she had around the house .
When I was seven she gave me a bib , a rattle , and a box of handkerchiefs .
" Anyone for oyster stew ? "
Mom called from the kitchen .
Everybody made faces except Grandma and Grandpa Swenson .
They both said , " Yum ! "
" I 'd rather eat dirt , " Grandpa Pete said over the top of his newspaper .
" You do n't know good eating ! " Grandpa Swenson said .
" The Swedes do ? " Grandma Alice asked .
" Hell , yes , we do ! " Grandpa Swenson said .
" You Norwegians do n't know your mouth from your ... "
" Dad ! "
Mom said , wiping her hands on her apron .
" I wonder where Clark could be ?
Its been over an hour . "
He 's probably having a drink somewhere , " Grandma Swenson said through her nose .
Mom glared at her .
" Do n't look at me like that !
He 's had a snootful every night we 've been here . "
" I can't imagine what happened to them , " Aunt Martha said , biting the tip of her thumb .
" I 'm getting worried "
Grandpa Swenson told her that she ought to start worrying about the turkey in the oven .
He said it looked like it was about to blow its stuffing into the next county .
Aunt Martha is a real swell person and a real cool aunt , but she 's a terrible cook .
Nobody could figure out what she did to the turkey to make it explode , but it did .
No one was hurt or anything like that ; it 's just that the turkey kind of came apart down the middle , and a lot of the dressing ended up on the windows of the oven .
" Oh , for heaven 's sake ! "
Aunt Martha said as she scraped dressing onto a plate .
" What did I do wrong ? "
" It 'll be fine , " Mom said , to make Aunt Martha feel better , even though I could tell she wanted to cry .
She 'd bought parsley and everything to make the dinner look like a page out of Better Homes and Gardens .
But instead , as my cousin Dale said , it looked like a dinner that got tortured by the Apaches .
Mom and Grandma Swenson had just finished sewing up the turkey with string when Dad and Uncle Dave and Aunt Hazel arrived .
" Oh !
That was fun ! " Aunt Hazel said .
" I love riding in cars ! "
" Where on earth have you been ?
I 've chewed my nails to the quick worrying , " Mom said in the nice / angry voice that she uses around company .
" It 's all my fault , dear , " Aunt Hazel confessed .
" I moved across the street in September .. no , January , and it completely slipped my mind to tell you when you called . "
Dad made the cuckoo sign behind Aunt Hazel 's head and mouthed , " Nutty , " and Mom gave him a dirty look .
" Where 's Dave ? "
Mom asked just as Uncle Dave came in the front door with an armload of presents .
" Shee - it ! " he mumbled as he struggled under the weight of the stuff .
" Oh , Aunt Hazel , you should n't have . "
" What did I do , dear ? " Aunt Hazel asked .
Aunt Hazel was what you 'd call a cute old woman .
Even someone as young as I was called her cute .
No one ever minded when she gave out kisses .
It was just a shame that she was n't a little more on the ball .
" The presents .
You should n't have brought presents , " Mom said .
" Well , heavens , " Aunt Hazel said , waving her tiny white hand .
" It 's not every day that someone moves into a new house . "
" Huh ? "
" This new house is just lovely .
It 's so much bigger than the old house . "
Dad leaned over and whispered in Mom 's ear , " She thought Dave and I were trick - or - treaters . "
" Hey , what about this stuff ? " Uncle Dave said .
" Where should I dump it ? "
" In the living room , Dave , " Mom said .
" Woof , " one of the boxes said .
Aunt Hazel wandered into the kitchen complimenting Mom on what a swell new kitchen our regular old kitchen was .
Uncle Dave set down the packages .
" Either it 's me or the Scotch , but one of these damn boxes barked . "
" Woof ! " the package said again .
" Jesus S. Smith ! "
Dad said , shaking a box about the size of a hatbox .
He ripped it open and a dachshund jumped out and ran around in circles , yipping and yapping .
" She wrapped up her damn dog , " Dad said under his breath .
" I wonder what else she wrapped up ! " I said excitedly .
Mom went upstairs and changed into her big huge Christmas skirt with the Santa Claus on the front and the reindeer on the back .
Xgung came up from the basement and crashed into Aunt Hazel .
He apologized about ten times and told Aunt Hazel that she had skin like ivory .
She told him that his sweater was on backward and wandered into the dining room .
Xgung picked up one of Aunt Hazel 's earrings that got knocked off her ear when he crashed into her .
He started to put it in his pocket , but when he saw that I was watching him he laughed and put it on the counter .
Dinner was just as terrible to swallow as it was to look at .
Aunt Martha had gotten the stuffing recipe out of a magazine and it had bacon and radishes in it and it was awful .
Everybody pretended to enjoy it , though , because either they wanted to be polite or they were so excited about Santa Claus coming that they did n't care .
But it was a hard dinner to eat , especially after Dad found the waxed - paper bag full of guts and gizzards that Aunt Martha forgot to take out of the turkey .
" Well , hon , " Uncle Dave said .
" At least you had the good sense to take the bird out of the shopping bag before you cooked it . "
" The dog'll love it , " Mom said , smiling at Aunt Hazel .
" Did you get a dog ? " she said .
About the only interesting thing that happened at dinner was that Grandpa Pete got some pepper up his nose and sneezed , and when he sneezed he blew a huge fart .
" Hail , Mary ! " he said with a big smile .
Grandma Alice poked him , and Grandma and Grandpa Swenson took their plates to the kitchen .
Everybody else kept eating except Dale and me .
We laughed so hard we had to hold our things to keep from wetting our Christmas Eve pants .
After dinner , the women cleared the table and did the dishes while the men and the kids went into the living room .
The two grandpas flipped a coin to see who got the wing chair .
Grandpa Swenson won , and he said it was justice in action , because Grandpa Pete cheated his way through life .
Xgung mixed some after - dinner drinks .
Audrey said she overheard him tell Grandma Alice that he was only having a Coke and that the booze drinks were for Dad and Uncle Dave .
It started to bother me that such a sneaky guy , who lies to grandparents and who was n't even related to me , would witness my personal Christmas glee when we opened presents .
Mom and Aunt Martha 's instructions were that we were supposed to get the tree ready for trimming and when they were all done in the kitchen they would put on records and turn off the lights and we would all trim the tree .
Then the kids would go upstairs and wait for Santa Claus .
" Where the heck are all the lights ? "
Dad said , counting the strands of lights .
" There 's only three .
There were four . "
He looked at me and I shrugged my shoulders .
" Do n't ask me . " I said .
" Do n't get smart ! "
We looked all over , but we could n't find them .
We also could n't find a box of tinsel and the cookie snowmen that Aunt Martha made for the tree .
" Well , hell 's bells ! "
Dad said as he started putting up the three strands of lights .
Uncle Dave sat in a chair and told Dad that he was putting too many lights at the top .
" Would you like to do it ? "
Dad said angrily .
" You 're doing fine , except you 're putting too many lights on top and you wo n't have enough when you get to the bottom . "
After Dad ended up with too many lights at the bottom , he said a swear word and Uncle Dave gave it a try .
He got almost as mad as Dad when Grandpa Pete told him he was putting too many lights in the middle .
Uncle Dave was in the Marine Corps and he was very particular about things being just so and it really seemed to bother him that the lights were n't working out .
" Are you ready ? "
Mom said as the women filed into the living room .
" If you had enough lights , we'd be ready , " Uncle Dave said on his fourth or fifth attempt at making the three strands cover the whole tree .
" We have four strands , " Mom said as she began directing people like a traffic cop .
" Aunt Hazel , you sit there on the couch . "
" That was delicious ham , Ellen , " Aunt Hazel said , sitting on one of the cane chairs by the door .
" I 'll sit under the tree so that I can pass out gifts , " Mom said .
" That is , if Santa Claus comes , " Grandpa Pete joked .
" I heard on the radio that Santa fell out of his sleigh over the ocean and the Coast Guard is looking for him right now , but the water is ... "
" Dad ! " Mom said as Amy and Darby burst into tears .
" I 'm telling you there are n't enough g.d. lights for this tree . "
" Just put up what you have , Dave , " Aunt Martha snarled .
" Let 's get the show on the road ! " Grandpa Swenson said , lighting a cigar .
" You and your stinkeroos !
P - U ! " Grandma Alice grumbled .
" It 's so damn dark in here , I can't make out a thing , " Grandpa Pete said .
" It 's supposed to be dark , Grandpa , " Audrey said .
" Like in the olden times when they did n't have light bulbs . "
" Well , we have light bulbs now , let 's use them . "
He reached over and pulled the chain on the table lamp .
It did n't go on .
He felt around on the floor for the plug .
" It 's not plugged in . "
" You ca n't decorate a tree with only three strands of lights "
" It does n't have to be perfect ! "
" Then what the hell 's the point of doing it ! "
" Jinger berrs , jinger berrs , jinger arr the way ! " Xgung began to sing .
" Join in , chirdren ! "
Everybody was talking and singing at once .
It was like how China must be during a major catastrophe .
Then Grandpa Pete found a cord and plugged it in .
There was a crackling sound , the lights in the whole house dimmed , and from under the couch came a tremendous yelp and a loud pop !
" Holy Jesus !
You blew a fuse ! "
Smoke started to seep out from under the couch , and it smelled horrible .
Everybody got up off the couch .
It was dark and there was smoke and smells and the girls were shrieking .
" What 's cooking ? " Aunt Hazel asked .
" Get a flashlight , Clark ! "
Of course , we could n't find the flashlight , and when we did , the batteries were dead , so Dad had to go down in the basement and open up presents to get batteries out of toys .
" This is why I get so mad when you fool around with the flashlight ! " he yelled at me .
" Why did n't you just put in a new fuse , dumb - dumb , " Uncle Dave said .
" Because they 're all blown , smart guy ! "
" Well , put one in .
Do n't tell me you do n't keep extra fuses ? "
Dad told Uncle Dave that if he had an extra fuse , he would n't put it in the fuse box , he 'd put it up Uncle Dave 's rear end .
Uncle Dave said it was a good thing he could n't see Dad in the dark or else he'd pound him .
They went back and forth until Mom reminded them about the smelly smoke under the couch .
Dad and Uncle Dave lifted up the couch while Mom held the flashlight .
" God ! No ! " Aunt Martha yelped .
Then everybody started screaming and the girls cried even louder , Dale and I yelled , Grandma Alice fainted on the couch , and Darby heaved her Jell - O , milk , olives , and dessert .
Lying in the dustballs on the carpet where the couch used to be was what used to be Aunt Hazel 's dachshund .
He was lying stretched out with the missing strand of lights going in his mouth and coming out his behind .
" There 's the damn lights , " Uncle Dave said calmly .
" Out ! Out ! Everybody out ! "
Dad said between gags .
" What a terrible Christmas this is ! " Grandma Alice muttered .
Dad and Uncle Dave put on oven mitts and picked up the dog .
He was kind of melted to the carpet and there was a really disgusting sound when they had to peel him off .
Like if you put a microphone to a big knee scab .
" How would you like two - hundred amp service shooting out your bunghole ? " I heard Uncle Dave whisper to Dad .
" I could arrange it . "
After Dad and Uncle Dave got back from burying the dachshund in the garbage can and Mom and Aunt Martha had swept up the balls of dog hair and pieces of glass and the tinsel the dog ate and had opened the windows to let out the smell , all the kids went upstairs to wait for Santa Claus .
We were all lying in our beds listening to the parents and grandparents bring the presents in from the garage and basement .
It was n't like other years , when Dad would whistle and there would be lots of pleasant chatter .
It was quiet and serious .
It was sort of like listening to guys at the grocery store stock the shelves .
But still , all I could think about were my skis .
Then the old sleigh bells that Grandpa Swenson brought from home every year jingled and we all leaped out of our beds and raced to the stairs .
We were halfway down the stairs when Grandpa Swenson shined the flashlight on us and said , " Halt ! Pictures ! "
We had to get in order , with the shortest at the bottom and tallest at the top .
Then my cousins had to get out of the picture .
Then we had to wait for Dad to get out the movie camera , and he was so crabby that he would n't let anyone tell him he could n't run the movie lights because the electricity was out , so he got it all set up , realized there was n't electricity , and got mad and threw the camera in the closet and went in the living room and sat down .
Then Aunt Hazel fell down the basement stairs .
" I told you not to let her wander around in the dark ! "
Mom yelled at Aunt Martha .
" I could n't see her ! "
" What do you mean , you could n't see her ? "
" I mean , I could n't see her ! "
" Shall we let her lie down in the basement while you dumb broads bicker ? "
Dad said .
" When are we going to open our presents ? " Audrey whined .
" Yeah , " Darby added .
Aunt Hazel did n't die or anything , although Grandpa Swenson pointed out that falling down stairs is just about as dangerous for elderly folks as heart attacks and damp weather .
Dad and Uncle Dave had put the couch in the basement because it had the exploding dog odors all over the underside of it and Aunt Hazel landed on it instead of the cement floor .
Mom explained after talking to Aunt Hazel that what had happened was Aunt Hazel had opened the door thinking it was the bathroom .
She got ready to sit down on the toilet and , of course , there was n't a toilet to sit on and she fell backward .
She thought she landed on her head and then hit the couch , but she was n't sure because she said it was too dark .
But anyway , she said she felt fine except for not being able to move her arms .
" Call the fire department , " Mom told Dad .
" And make your brother - in - law shut up . "
Uncle Dave thought that Aunt Hazel 's thinking she was sitting on the toilet was the funniest thing he ever heard .
" I 'm sorry , but , oooh hooo ! " he laughed , until Grandma Swenson smacked him on the knuckles with the silent butler .
" We better not move her , " Dad said to Mom after he called the fire department .
" The ambulance will be here as soon as it can .
There 're a lot of emergencies tonight "
" This is an emergency , too ! "
Mom said , patting Aunt Hazel 's wrist .
" Is someone playing a saxophone ? " Aunt Hazel inquired .
" We better do something about the presents , Dad said .
" The kids are getting anxious . "
After deciding that it would be too much trouble to move Christmas down to the basement and too difficult to move the couch upstairs , we left Aunt Hazel in the basement while we hurried up and opened our presents .
Mom felt real bad leaving her alone down there , but Aunt Hazel said she'd be okay .
It was almost impossible to have a good time opening presents in the dark .
If you wanted to see what you got , you had to wait for the flashlight .
" What did I get that feels woolly ? "
Dad asked .
" A sweater ? "
" It 's a scarf , " Mom answered .
" Yea !
I think I got a doll ! "
Amy shouted .
" Here 's a present for Xgung Wo , " Mom said , flashing the light on a small package .
" Xgung Wo ? "
" He 's probably in the bathroom , " Audrey snapped .
" Keep going ! "
Audrey was nervous because the total estimated retail price of her gifts was far behind that of the other kids ' and she feared that she might come up short .
" What the hell is this ? " Uncle Dave said .
" Shine the I light over here , Ellen . "
" It 's a shorty bathrobe , " Aunt Martha said .
" I guess so .. This would hardly cover the tip of my ... "
" Dave ! "
" Here 's another present for Xgung . "
Mom flashed the light around the room .
There was no Xgung .
Grandma Swenson stood up and felt her way to the foyer .
" He 's probably downstairs in his room , feeling homesick , " she said .
" You be careful , Mother , " Mom called .
Dad got a rack to hang his ties on and a pair of socks from me .
Grandpa Pete got a fruitcake from the Swensons and a shoe from Aunt Hazel .
Then Mom handed the BB - gun box to Dale .
I reached up and intercepted it .
" Thanks , " I said to Mom .
" This is for Dale , " she said .
" No , it 's not ! "
" It certainly is .
It 's for Dale from Dad . "
" But ... "
" But what ? "
Dale went crazy when he got the BB gun .
He ripped open the box and BBs went all over .
" A gun !
I got a gun !
A real gun ! Cooooool ! "
I felt like somebody'd hit a golf ball off my head .
What a shock !
" Thanks a hell of a lot , " Uncle Dave said to Dad .
" I just hope Dale enjoys the BB gun as much as John enjoys the bow and arrow set you gave him last year . "
Grandma Swenson banged her way into the living room .
" Ellen ? " she said .
" Ellen ?
Xgung
Wo is n't anywhere . "
" He has to be somewhere , Mother , " Mom answered .
" His coat is gone , " Grandma Swenson said .
" Well , to heck with him , " Grandma Alice grumbled .
" If he can't even say good - bye ... "
Mom cursed under her breath and got up .
She and Grandma Swenson went into the foyer to talk .
I heard Grandma Swenson tell Mom that not only was Xgung 's coat gone but so was her purse .
She had checked around and discovered that Mom 's purse and Aunt Martha 's purse were also gone .
She was n't sure but she thought maybe our good forks and , knives and the dining - room candlesticks were gone too .
" I have an announcement to make , " Mom said angrily .
" It seems as though Xgung Wo has taken advantage of our hospitality and has robbed us . "
Aunt Martha screamed .
Uncle Dave and Dad jumped up and started swearing .
Grandpa
Pete slapped his knee and yelled , " I told ya !
I told ya ! " Grandma Alice started sputtering .
And Grandpa Swenson went over to comfort Grandma Swenson .
" We 're good people , Mama , " Grandpa Swenson said as Grandma whimpered softly .
" We try our best . "
As it turned out , Xgung did n't get very far .
As a matter of fact , he hardly got out of the driveway .
I guess over in the Orient guys do n't look over their shoulders when they back up , because Xgung crashed right into the ambulance that was coming to pick up Aunt Hazel .
Inside the house we'd heard the siren grow louder and louder and then bang !
We all ran outside and saw the ambulance up on the lawn and Grandpa Pete 's car sitting sideways in the street .
Xgung climbed out of the car and started running away with the three purses over his arm and the old suitcase from the basement .
But he must have been stunned or something , because he ran like a football player going out for a pass , zigzagging down the street .
" Give me the gun ! " Uncle Dave yelled to Dale .
Dale ran over with his new BB gun .
" Dave ! " Aunt , Martha shouted .
" You can put an eye out with that thing ! "
" Righty -o ! " Uncle Dave chuckled as he pumped and fired .
He hit Xgung in the neck , and Xgung dropped the suitcase and the purses and started jumping up and down , hollering in Oriental .
Uncle
Dave took off across the lawn and tackled him and put him in a headlock .
" Chop , chop ! " Uncle Dave said as he led Xgung back to the house .
The ambulance drivers were n't hurt too much , except for some bloody noses and fingers .
" Would you like some hot coffee ? "
Mom asked them as they administered treatment to themselves .
" Not right now , ma'am , " one of them said .
" But you might want to call the police . "
While Dad called the police , Uncle Dave took Xgung into the living room and held the BB gun against his left eye .
" Do n't move a muscle ! " he told Xgung .
" I 'm not a climinal ! " Xgung said .
" I 'm underplivileged ! "
Grandma Swenson did n't like the way Uncle Dave was treating Xgung and she told him to put the gun down .
Grandpa
Pete told her to mind her business .
" If you want to stick your nose in something , " Grandpa Pete told her , " Why do n't you stick it in your checkbook and write me out a check for a new car ! "
" You 're not going to talk to my wife that way ! " Grandpa Swenson said .
Then he slapped Grandpa Pete on the top of his bald head .
Grandpa Pete reached back and socked Grandpa Swenson in the truss .
Meanwhile , Mom and Dad were fighting out on the front lawn about why Mom wanted to have a fun old - fashioned Christmas in the first place .
Darby and Audrey were arguing about something , and Darby chased Audrey out the front door and hit her in the back with the board to her new Clue game , and Audrey turned around and dented Darby 's braces with her elbow .
Aunt Hazel had a hallucination or something and started wandering around the basement .
She split open her shins on the hot - water heater and ended up thinking she was talking to Arthur Godfrey on Audrey 's old toy phone .
Aunt Martha sort of snapped ; she was sitting on the front porch tugging on her wedding ring and mumbling about how nothing in life ever works out .
As for the skis I was hoping I 'd get , they were out in the street .
Xgung had stolen them , too , and when he cracked up the car , they fell out .
When the cops showed up they parked on top of them .
It just did n't seem like Christmas could get any worse .
It was so terrible around our house that the injured ambulance guys said they 'd stay in their car instead of going inside .
Mom was just about to start tearing apart the manger scene in the front yard when she noticed something in the sky .
" Look ! " she yelled .
" Everybody ! Look ! "
She pointed to a dot of light in the north sky .
" Do you see it ? "
We all gathered around her .
Uncle Dave led Xgung outside .
Grandma and Grandpa Swenson and Grandpa Pete and Grandma Alice , the cops and Aunt Hazel , Darby , Dale , Katie , Audrey , Amy , and all made a circle around Mom .
She pointed up to the sky .
" Do you see it ? " she asked , brushing her hair from her eyes .
Snowflakes began to fall .
" Do you see that star ?
Nineteen hundred fifty - nine years ago , three wise men saw a star like that . "
" The Star of Bethlehem ! " Aunt Martha said .
We all studied the star .
" Let us set aside our bitter feelings , " Mom said .
" This is Christmas .
The trials and tribulations of our daily life , the chaos of this gathering , the auto theft and the burned turkey , the petty fights and pointless hostilities mean so little on this night .
We are family and we are together on this most important night of the whole year .
Let 's let our love shine through the hatred so that in the light of that distant star we may embrace the true spirit of Christmas . "
Mom bowed her head and began to sing softly
" Yea , Lord , we greet thee ,
" Born this happy morning ,
" Jesus , to Thee all glory giv'n ,
" Word of the Father ,
" Now in flesh appearing ,
" O come Let us adore Him ,
" O come Let us adore Him ,
" Venite adoremus Dominun ,
" Christ the Lord . "
We all joined together , putting our arms around each other .
Uncle Dave put his arm around Xgung , Grandpa Pete put his around Grandpa Swenson , Dad hugged Mom , I kissed Audrey .
We stood staring at the point of light , the snowflakes melting on our cheeks and mixing with our tears .
Horizon Cottages offers affordable quality self - catering accommodation for an enjoyable Cape Town holiday or weekend breakaway .
Our accommodation is accredited by Cape Town Tourism and rated by TripAdvisor as preferred lodging in Noordhoek .
You will be assured of a peaceful and relaxing stay as all our accommodation units are one level and there are no steps to negotiate , making this convenient for both young and old guests .
Spacious open plan living areas and kitchens , fully equipped with everything required to make this your Cape Town home away from home .
Our rates are affordable to meet your budget , but the quality is not compromised .
Main bedrooms all have King beds with orthopedic mattresses , with white cotton percale bedding , to ensure a comfortable night 's rest .
Horizon Cottages offers family and child friendly accommodation on more than an acre of garden .
Our cottages have a door from the lounge to a covered patio with outdoor dining area , facing a secure and private garden with BBQ ( braai ) area .
The garden is ideal for children to play safely without need for supervision as our pool is fenced as well .
December 26 , 2009
So much has appeared in the international press and on the Internet that it would seem to be an exercise in redundancy to offer a perspective on the tragedy that befell the people of Gaza last year , especially the Gazan children .
A devastating and colossal tragedy it certainly was ; the Israeli attacks by sea , air and land were more brutal than anything the inhabitants of Gaza had ever endured previously .
The pictures that flooded television screens around the world showed a gruesome parade of young corpses and wounded children being loaded into and unloaded from the trunks of private cars that transported them to the only hospital in Gaza worthy of being called a hospital .
People of conscience all over the world found these images horrifyingly explicit and they brought home to us both the magnitude of the death and destruction unleashed by Israel�s brutal assault against helpless and innocent Gazan children who had nowhere to run or hide .
This latest orgy of air strikes and armed incursions by Israeli military forces turned the besieged and starved Strip into an unbearable inferno - literally into the Killing Fields of Gaza .
In November 2000 , the Globe and Mail published my article " Who are the victims here ? " in which I described the living conditions of Palestinian children in the Gaza Strip during my stay in the occupied territories in 1999 :
" I recently observed the effects of the ' peace process � when I visited the children of Jenin , Nablus , Ramallah , Gaza , Rafah and East Jerusalem .
These children know first - hand the effects of military and economic oppression .
There is hardly a family that has not experienced torture , imprisonment or economic hardship .
" Most of these children live in refugee camps in houses with corrugated roofs and cramped living spaces .
Often , they do not have running water .
The children lack adequate schools , health - care facilities , hospitals , social services , public parks , swimming pools , or recreation facilities .
In the camps , the streets are their playgrounds , often with open sewers and waste flowing freely .
They have seen no other reality . "
It is sad that what seems so obvious to rest of the world escapes the minds of apologists for Israeli state terror .
Children make up more than half of crowded Gaza�s 1.4 million people and are the most defenseless victims of Israeli siege of Gaza .
Israel 's harsh security measures come at an enormous humanitarian cost and the stark reality is that under Israeli occupation , an entire generation of Palestinian children and youth have suffered a litany of horrific , traumatizing events for thirty years .
In addition to almost - daily home demolitions , they have witnessed intimidation , humiliation , fear , insecurity , poverty , closures , and the menacing presence of armed settlers .
With all their healthy socializing structures destroyed by the Israeli military , these children have never known peace or security , or the freedom to roam the streets and playgrounds .
Gaza�s children , like their parents , continuously face hardship in simply going about their lives ; they are prevented from living in peace and security , going to school , or doing things that make up the daily fabric of most people 's existence .
Their parents have not known peace and freedom either , and cannot even dream about a safe and productive future for their children , and the children to come after them .
Ever since the moribund Oslo peace accord , they have been living in large prison camps .
Now , locked up and besieged in Gaza by an Israeli army that happens to be one of the most powerful in the world , these children are under attack in their own land , in their own homes , and are being subjected to economic , psychological , physical and emotional terror from the air , sea and ground .
Indeed all of Gaza has become a danger zone where children�s homes have been demolished , bombed , and shelled , killing children inside .
Other children have been killed while riding in cars with their parents , while playing in the streets , while walking to school , visiting friends , and even while taking refuge in a UN Shelter .
Imagine the psychological and emotional terror experienced by children who grow up knowing that their parents cannot protect them from helicopter gunships , ground missiles , or snipers� bullets .
These children have no escape routes , no options , because the Israeli army and invading settlers are the ones who determine which child , which family , will be shot ; which houses and trees will be bulldozed and uprooted ; which street or alleyway will be hit by the sharpshooters .
Their basic human rights are being trampled on by deliberate policies of the Israeli government whose obscene actions have denied these innocent children education , safety , health , economic well - being and all the amenities of normal life .
This nightmare of the children of Gaza is best described in the pages of Franz Kafka :
Lawrence Davidson in Counter Punch writes that , " In Kafka�s world , the prevailing theme is uncertainty and unpredictability .
There are no set rules for behavior and the orders given by authorities seem arbitrary and even contradictory .
You do not know what the laws are .
The ' authorities � in Kafka�s work sit in their fortresses and periodically intrude upon the lives of the confused and apparently helpless protagonists . "
Similarly , nothing is predictable for Palestinians .
Israel�s rules can change from one day to the next without notice or explanation .
They live in an arbitrary environment , continuously adapting to circumstances they cannot influence and which increasingly reduce the range of their possibilities .
No one really knows how many Palestinian children will continue to re- experience the horrors of conflict psychologically and emotionally throughout their lives .
Yet , as the world witnessed the organized , ruthless killing and maiming of these Palestinian children , there was only deafening silence from our " humane " Canadian government .
If Prime Minister Harper so greatly respects the dignity of human life as he stated during his recent visit to China he would have asked Israel long ago to cease its murderous onslaught on the children of Gaza .
During my stay in the occupied territories , I was often asked by Palestinians why the world ignored their sufferings and their right to self - determination .
I had no answer then .
But today I can tell them that they are not alone ; the world is outraged at what it witnessed in Gaza and for the " first time since the establishment of the State of Israel , an international campaign calling for sanctions against Israel for its innumerous violations of International Law has been very successful in drawing huge public attention and initiating a great number of mobilizations and initiatives around the world . "
( Michel Warschawski )
No amount of " anti-Semitic " or " self - hating " labels pasted on people of conscience who criticize the Israeli occupation can stifle that debate ; it is a debate now spreading throughout the world , focusing unavoidable scrutiny on Israel and its brutal occupation of Palestinian territories .
When the dust settles , history will record that the atrocities repeatedly committed by Israel against defenseless Palestinian children in Gaza was a turning - point in the long ordeal of Palestine�s occupation .
Things can never be the same again in Palestine because the world knows more of the truth about Israel�s� cruel agenda than ever before .
----------------------------------------
( Mrs. Wahida Valiante is national president of the Canadian Islamic Congress .
She is a retired professional family counselor who visited Palestine as part of a fact - finding medical team .
While there , the team visited refugee camps , health care clinics , hospitals , orphanages , children�s schools , local and international charities and women 's refugee centers , as well as speaking extensively with social workers and local Palestinian families . )
Washington ( CNN ) --
With the coolness of a card shark at the final table of the World Series of Poker , Matt Bergin pulls the hood of his brown sweatshirt over his head and concentrates on the task at hand .
The task : hacking into as many target computers as he can and then defending those computers from attacks by other skilled hackers .
Other skilled hackers like Michael Coppola , 17 , a high school senior who , at this very moment , is hunched over a keyboard in his Connecticut home .
Or like Chris Benedict , 21 , from the tiny town of Nauvoo , Illinois .
Chris is sitting silently nearby , one of 15 " All Star " hackers who have taken over this spacious hotel conference room .
At days end , the moderator of this unusual computer challenge declares the best of the best : Benedict is the winner , king of the hacker hill , followed by Bergin and Coppola .
The trio -- a job seeker , a grape distributor for a vineyard and a student -- are precisely the type of people whom organizers of this event hoped to attract : young techies with perhaps little formal computer education who , nonetheless , could contribute to the defense of the nation 's cybernetworks .
In many cases , organizers of the U.S. Cyber Challenge say , hackers ' skills go unrecognized or unappreciated by those around them and sometimes even by themselves .
" I thought that I would get demolished , " Benedict said .
" I did n't think I would get anything at all . "
Organizers say the competition is aimed at identifying young people with exceptional computer skills and inspiring them to join the country 's woefully understaffed ranks of cybersecurity specialists needed to protect systems used by the military , industry and everyday people .
Hackers may see the U.S. Cyber Challenge , which culminated last Thursday , as a game .
But Alan Paller , director of research at the SANS Institute , an information security training institute , says it is really a national talent search .
And one that gives hackers an outlet not usually open to them .
" This is to capture kids that can be very good at this , whose only real option is to do illegal things with it because there 's no place to do it in school ; there 's no place to do it legally , " Paller said .
" This creates an environment where they can show their skills and advance their skills and do it in the nation 's interest rather than for other purposes . "
A high - stakes game
Former Director of National Intelligence Mike McConnell says the United States " will suffer a major catastrophic event " in the cyber arena if it does n't boost its ability to protect its computer infrastructure .
A terrorist or extremist group could attack the financial system in New York , destroying data to cause the loss of confidence in banking transactions , McConnell said .
They could follow up with an attack on the power grid during a snowstorm .
They could cause trains to collide and could release contaminants in the New York subway .
" I believe that [ scenario ] would have , in order of magnitude , greater economic impact on the globe and the United States than the tragedy of 9/11 .
All through a cyber attack , " McConnell said .
But " if we have the talent ... and we have the organization structure to address this issue , it can be stopped , it can be prevented , " he said .
The nation has called upon the technical abilities of young people in the past , McConnell and Paller both note .
During the Apollo 17 mission , for example , the average age in Mission Control was 26 .
" The cyber vulnerabilities of the nation are of such a magnitude that we need a similar effort today , " McConnell said .
Now , other countries are taking the lead on boosting the technical expertise of their citizens .
" In far east China , they 've put a concerted effort into finding the best talent and developing the best talent , " McConnell said .
The goal of the U.S. Cyber Challenge is to find and develop 10,000 cybersecurity specialists to help the U.S. regain the lead in cyberspace .
But McConnell feels that even more is needed .
He suggests legislation to create a National Security Act for cybereducation .
Let the contest begin
Like computers themselves , the Cyber Challenge is simple on the outside and complicated on the inside .
The first round of the game began in June , and winners of the earlier games were brought to Washington to compete in NetWars .
In its simplest form , NetWars is an online version of Capture the Flag , with competitors vying to penetrate and take control of target computer systems and then protect them from other intruders .
The game begins when a player downloads an image and must find a hidden key within the image .
They use that key to enter an online environment and use their knowledge of security vulnerabilities to exploit its system , leaving their name or " handle " in various areas .
A moderator threw a series of computer hurdles and roadblocks to further challenge the hackers and test their knowledge about computer vulnerabilities .
NetWars differs from other Capture the Flag competitions in that it also rewards hackers for defending computers , said Josh Gimer , 22 , a graduate student at Colorado Tech .
He likens it more to King of the Hill .
" In the beginning days , we were kind of nice to each other , " he said .
" These later rounds have been more cutthroat .
" But these people know how the attacks work .
They know how to defend against them .
So it 's definitely more difficult than , say , a real - world scenario , " Gimer said .
And therein lies the premise and the promise of the U.S. Cyber Challenge , supporters say .
" Who best to stop that kind of attack ? " McConnell asked .
He calls the Cyber Challenge a good news / bad news story .
" The good news is that [ the participants ] have that inherent skill .
...
I 've met many youngsters who are really , really gifted with computers , " he said .
" The bad news is that we 're not developing that talent to the Ph.D. level in things like computer science or electrical engineering , the things that are the foundation of this wonderful technology . "
Contest sponsors say they do not fear that they are teaching skills that hackers can abuse .
" They already know how to do that , " Paller said .
" Our job is to catch them and give them a chance to work for the nation and for the good companies .
That 's the job of NetWars , to find the very best of them and get them great jobs so that they do n't have to use their skills in ways that are unpleasant to the rest of us . "
" I think we 've done a great job on writing reports about security .
Now it 's time to get the kids who can actually do it and give them a chance to protect us , " he said .
Strain Name : Strawberry Cough
Grade : B +
Type : Hybrid – Sativa Dominant
Looks :
Very dense , light to dark green hues , completely covered in trichomes , some orange hairs .
Somewhat of a rusty , orange tint to the entire buds .
Smell : Creamy - Berry with a hint of lemon , spices , and skunk .
Taste :
Very subtle skunk / berry on the inhale .
on the exhale , there is an intense taste of strawberry topping and sweet cream .
Effects :
Tickles your throat on the exhale , causing you to cough , which in turn seems to make it set in faster .
It is definitely an energetic high .
It lets the mind blissfully wander .
Definitely a sativa dominant , it promotes clear thoughts and all around happiness , this lasts for about 1 - 1.5 hours .
The comedown is slightly heavy , SC leaves you quite lazy and relaxed by the time it has worn off , especially if it is evening time .
This may be accompanied by a mild headache ( caused by the coughing ) .
Potency : Medium - High
Reviewed By : KindBuds
I Love the fruity berry strains !
Great looking buds for sure .
Better than most of the strawberry cough (s ) I have seen floating around .
I would follow up with some strong indica to avoid the coming down headache .
- Volcanobis
Barcodes grace almost every product for sale .
Given how much package real estate they command , why should n’t they look cool ?
Since 2005 , D - Barcode has been creating custom barcodes for a mostly Japanese clientele .
They ’ve even begun selling their wares to anyone who wants to license them , starting at $ 1,500 for the design , and $ 200 a year for licensing .
A custom or exclusive use code will run upwards of $ 4,000 – but given that companies spend millions on designing a single package , why do n’t we see more detailed thinking like this ?
Middle managers spend weeks arguing about kerning –it ’d be better if they spent more time rethinking every inch of such highly prized real estate .
[ Via The Dieline , which has a selection of recent designs ; another gallery here ]
It might seem obvious : drinking and skiing do n’t mix .
But in reaction to the deaths of more than 30 Britons last year in alpine accidents , many of them involving alcohol , the British government has launched an antidrinking campaign at French ski resorts .
“ We ’re telling our compatriots to be careful , ” the British ambassador , Peter Westmacott , told Reuters .
“ When you consume too much alcohol at an altitude and it ’s cold , the danger is greater . ”
Drawn by heavy promotions , more than 700,000 Britons visited the French resorts last season .
Breast
can help you achieve the size you desire , and results can be so natural that no one will know .
Dr. Loftus will help you find the size that 's right for you and will build a plan that addresses your pre-existing breasts , your goals , and your concerns .
can restore the position and shape of your breasts no matter whether you are dealing with the effects of pregnancy , breast feeding , weight loss , or inheritance .
Dr. Loftus will help you fully understand the procedure and the alternatives .
can achieve smaller and more even breasts for women who feel that their existing breasts are too large or cumbersome .
Most of Dr. Loftus ' patients feel immediate relief when they wake up from surgery .
Women who have
Regardless of which procedure (s ) you seek , Dr. Loftus will discuss risks and options with you .
She will also provide you with tips for achieving the best result and for expediting your recovery .
Less .
More Dr. Loftus has helped thousands of women achieve natural results in breast surgery by making them larger , smaller , higher , or more even .
Breast augmentation can help you achieve the size you desire , and results can be so natural that no one will know .
Dr. Loftus will help you find the size that 's right for you and will build a plan that addresses your pre-existing breasts , your goals , and your concerns .
Breast lift can restore the position and shape of your breasts no matter whether you are dealing with the effects of pregnancy , breast feeding , weight loss , or inheritance .
Dr. Loftus will help you fully understand the procedure and the alternatives .
Breast reduction can achieve smaller and more even breasts for women who feel that their existing breasts are too large or cumbersome .
Most of Dr. Loftus ' patients feel immediate relief when they wake up from surgery .
Women who have uneven breasts may require a combination of these procedures to restore symmetry and to achieve the desired size and shape .
These are among the most challenging of breast procedures , and Dr. Loftus believes that hey are all different and that each woman with breast asymmetry deserves a plan tailored to her situation and her goals .
Regardless of which procedure (s ) you seek , Dr. Loftus will discuss risks and options with you .
She will also provide you with tips for achieving the best result and for expediting your recovery .
Body
is a great procedure which can restore your tummy to the way it looked before pregnancy or weight loss , and sometimes even better .
With less than 1 week recovery period , many women say this is the best procedure that they ever had .
remains the best and most reliable way to remove disproportionate fat .
Most of Dr. Loftus ' patients are back to work in a week and glad they had it done .
is for those who have loose skin all round their waist .
Diet and exercise will not tighten this ( or any ) loose skin , so surgery is the only way .
Thigh lift is for women with loose thighs who want the skin tightened .
is ideal for women with loose arm skin from weight loss or aging .
is for women who have enlarged labia and who want to do something about this .
It can restore the labia to a normal size and appearance and help women feel better about themselves and more confident during intimacy .
Exillis is a non-surgical treatment proven to spot - reduce fat .
A series of 45 minute sessions is all that is needed to see a difference .
And there is no recovery period !
Less .
More
Whether you wish to fix the effects of pregnancy , weight loss , aging , or disproportion , Dr. Loftus will design a plan for you to achieve the most natural result possible .
Tummy tuck is a great procedure which can restore your tummy to the way it looked before pregnancy or weight loss , and sometimes even better .
With less than 1 week recovery period , many women say this is the best procedure that they ever had .
Liposuction remains the best and most reliable way to remove disproportionate fat .
Most of Dr. Loftus ' patients are back to work in a week and glad they had it done .
Body lift is for those who have loose skin all round their waist .
Diet and exercise will not tighten this ( or any ) loose skin , so surgery is the only way .
Thigh lift is for women with loose thighs who want the skin tightened .
Arm lift is ideal for women with loose arm skin from weight loss or aging .
Labiaplasty is for women who have enlarged labia and who want to do something about this .
It can restore the labia to a normal size and appearance and help women feel better about themselves and more confident during intimacy .
Exillis is a non-surgical treatment proven to spot - reduce fat .
A series of 45 minute sessions is all that is needed to see a difference .
And there is no recovery period !
Face
is the best procedure for restoring a natural and more youthful appearance to the lower half of the face .
Recovery is less than a week , and , in spite of what you may have seen on TV , this operation CAN be done with very natural results so that no one suspects you had plastic surgery .
can rejuvenate your upper and lower eyelids , making you look younger and more rested and back to your normal life within few days .
will make you look younger as well as brighter , fresher , and less stressed .
It can also help you reduce the need for Botox !
Neck lift is for women with the dreaded double chin or turkey gobbler .
A combination of skin tightening and fat removal may be combined by Dr. Loftus to make you look as your as you feel .
is performed by Dr. Loftus in a way to help you achieve a nose that fits your face and looks natural .
Chin implant is for women with a weak chin who wish to have more projection .
The results can be great , and recovery can be minimal .
is for all women who wish to restore and preserve skin health and vibrancy .
Let us design a skincare plan for you that optimizes your skin with the least hassle and least cost .
of eyeliner , lips , and eyebrows will enhance your features and let you start each day without the hassle of having to apply these types of make - up .
Let us show you how safe and natural this can be .
is overdone by too many plastic surgeons , causing unnatural results in some women .
Let us show you how we tailor your Botox treatments to your needs and how we can save you money by using only as much Botox as is necessary .
bring fullness to your lips and cheeks , and they can also fill wrinkles and creases with absolutely no recovery period for most women .
are the among the best ways to rejuvenate your skin .
We offer numerous types of peels and will match you with the peel that best treats your skin problems , your budget , and the amount of recovery time that you can afford .
Less .
More
Whether you want to change a feature or just want to look as young as you feel , Dr. Loftus can achieve a natural result so that no one suspects that you had plastic surgery .
Facelift is the best procedure for restoring a natural and more youthful appearance to the lower half of the face .
Recovery is less than a week , and , in spite of what you may have seen on TV , this operation CAN be done with very natural results so that no one suspects you had plastic surgery .
Blepharoplasty can rejuvenate your upper and lower eyelids , making you look younger and more rested and back to your normal life within few days .
Brow lift will make you look younger as well as brighter , fresher , and less stressed .
It can also help you reduce the need for Botox !
Neck lift is for women with the dreaded double chin or turkey gobbler .
A combination of skin tightening and fat removal may be combined by Dr. Loftus to make you look as your as you feel .
Rhinoplasty is performed by Dr. Loftus in a way to help you achieve a nose that fits your face and looks natural .
Chin implant is for women with a weak chin who wish to have more projection .
The results can be great , and recovery can be minimal .
Skincare is for all women who wish to restore and preserve skin health and vibrancy .
Let us design a skincare plan for you that optimizes your skin with the least hassle and least cost .
Permanent Make - Up of eyeliner , lips , and eyebrows will enhance your features and let you start each day without the hassle of having to apply these types of make - up .
Let us show you how safe and natural this can be .
Botox is overdone by too many plastic surgeons , causing unnatural results in some women .
Let us show you how we tailor your Botox treatments to your needs and how we can save you money by using only as much Botox as is necessary .
Fillers bring fullness to your lips and cheeks , and they can also fill wrinkles and creases with absolutely no recovery period for most women .
Peels are the among the best ways to rejuvenate your skin .
We offer numerous types of peels and will match you with the peel that best treats your skin problems , your budget , and the amount of recovery time that you can afford .
DENTON CRIMINAL DEFENSE & FAMILY LAW
The attorneys at Hill & Hill have handled criminal law , divorce , and family law matters for more than 25 years , helping hundreds of people achieve the best possible outcome to their legal situations .
Yet , at our law offices , you will never be just another case .
For a free consultation about your legal issue , please contact our family law or criminal defense Lawyers today .
If it is important to you , it is important to us .
We understand that , when you come to us , it ’s important .
You are most likely in the midst of a crisis that could change your life forever .
We never forget that your legal issue is the most critical event in your life .
We treat you with the respect you deserve and work diligently to resolve the legal issue at hand in the manner most beneficial to you .
Our commitment to our clients is why we personally investigate the facts of each case , view crime scenes , and evaluate evidence long before any contested criminal or family trial occurs .
It is why we promptly visit our criminal defense clients who are in jail and return phone calls within 24 hours .
We thoroughly explain the law and the legal process and procedures applicable to your situation so you can make sound decisions .
Our attorneys , Gina Brock Hill and Brent Hill , are both former felony and CPS prosecutors with excellent reputations throughout the local legal community .
For a free consultation about your legal issue , please contact our criminal defense or family law attorneys today .
We are available to represent students and staff at the University of North Texas and Texas Women ’s University .
When you or a member of your family is in legal jeopardy , our attorneys will :
Listen to what you have to say about your circumstances
Know the law and the courts involved in resolving your case
Personally investigate your case
Promptly visit clients in jail
Return your telephone calls – within 24 hours
Truly care about how this case will affect your future
Free Initial Consultation | All Major Credit Cards Accepted
With offices in Denton , Texas , the divorce attorneys and criminal defense lawyers of Hill & Hill serve clients throughout Denton County and Cooke County , TX , including Lewisville , Flower Mound , Corinth , Pilot Point , Aubrey , Highland Village , Argyle , Double Oak , Sanger , Muenster , the Colony , Carrollton , Justin , Krum , Denton and Gainesville .
We also represent students and staff at the University of North Texas and Texas Women ’s University .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Jenson Button insists the need for a new challenge was the only reason why he decided to leave the Brawn team to drive for McLaren next year .
Button secured his first world title with Brawn this year , but decided to sign a three - year deal to join Lewis Hamilton at McLaren from next season .
" I 'm very excited , " Button told Radio 5 Live .
" The season just gone has been a very special one .
Since I 've been with Brawn , our aim was always to win the title , and it 's exactly what we did , so it was n't an easy decision to make to leave .
" I spent so long there through the BAR and Honda years , and it's been a real emotional rollercoaster since then .
It 's just something I needed to do at this point in my life .
" It was 100 per cent my choice .
For me , the move is because it 's going to be a huge challenge to go up against Lewis in his environment .
My goal since I was eight years old has been to win the world title , and I 've done that now .
Now I feel I need a new challenge . "
The Briton denied the decision had been motivated by financial issues .
" No .
I 'm earning less than I would have at Brawn .
I did n't move for money and everyone knows it .
It 's something new for me .
I 'll have to work very hard in the new situation I 've put myself in , and I intend to do it .
" Of course it 's not going to be easy , but I 'm very excited about the challenge .
I 've got to work very hard to achieve what I want to achieve . "
Button also admitted Brawn had done everything possible to try and retain him .
" Yes they did .
We had a very good relationship , especially with Ross .
I could n't have done it without him .
It 's been a real team effort .
For most people the normal progression is to stay with the team .
For me though , this is exciting .
It 's what I need right now . "
The world champion , who had been with the team since the 2003 season , is expecting his relationship with Brawn to change because of his move .
" It 's going to be a different relationship , of course , because I 'm not in the team any more .
We 're not fighting for the title any more .
We 've achieved that .
Instead I 'm going to be a rival of Mercedes Grand Prix .
We 'll still have a good relationship though .
We 've been through a lot together . "
He conceded the emotional side played a role in making his decision to leave Brawn harder , but Button said the new challenge was too exciting to turn it down .
" I was excited , but there was a lot to think about because I 'd been with Brawn for seven years .
On an emotional side there was definitely lots to think about .
" The challenge of going up against Lewis in his environment was a challenge .
Tough , but a challenge .
For me , I achieved everything I wanted to with Brawn with winning the title in '09 and I 'm looking for new challenges .
At this point in my career it's an exciting opportunity that I 'm going to take . "
Sure , a truly awesome FPS was released last week ( Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 , for those of you living under a rock ) , but if you 're too broke , too cheap , or just too plain lazy to go out and buy it , you can still get your game on with these online shooters , all of which are free to play on your PC .
A brand - new free - to - play shooter , Alliance of Valiant Arms runs on the Unreal 3 engine and is set in a modern - day scenario where war has broken out all over the world .
Like most recent free - to - play games , players can choose to spend a small amount of money for better items ; the game also features three different character classes ( Rifle Man , Point Man and Sniper ) and team - based tactical combat .
Developed as a PR and recruiting tool for the U.S. military , America 's Army has been letting people pretend to be soldiers since 2002 .
The third installment boasts training , technology and weapons that are in line with what the Army uses today .
If you 're looking for the most realistic war experience for free , AA3 is your best bet .
If realism turns you off , the cartoony art style of Battlefield Heroes may be right up your alley .
An installment of EA 's Battlefield series , Heroes implements certain franchise elements , such as the class system , but they 're a bit more limited than what you find in the retail games .
Heroes also has a microtransaction - based system where you can pay small amounts for better items ( including weapons and attire ) in the game .
Similar to Call of Duty and Counter - Strike in gameplay , Combat Arms offers players full customization of both their character and their weapons .
The game is set in modern times and features a skill - based reward system .
Players earn in - game currency by completing missions , which can then be used to buy better weapons and armor .
Certain items can also be purchased via microtransactions , though it 's worth noting that the only differences between weapons you can earn and purchase with real money are cosmetic .
One of the truly free - to - play online shooters , Quake Live is the latest installment in what has become one of the most respected game franchises in history .
Completely web - based , Quake Live can be played from any computer with an Internet connection , and updates to the game are made on a regular basis .
With so many games based on the Quake engine , it makes sense to check out what 's coming from the original developers .
Originally a pay - to - play game , Savage 2 has now gone free - to - play , with the option of upgrading to a premium account .
The game itself combines elements of RTS , RPG , and shooter to make for a slightly deeper experience than a straight shooter .
The game also boasts protected servers for new players , so you do n't have to worry about getting your ass kicked by a much more experienced player .
Built using the Quake engine , Tremulous is a sci- fi , shooter - RTS hybrid that is completely open source .
Players can choose to play as either humans or aliens , with each race having its own unique gameplay experience .
Tremulous has garnered a number of rave reviews and awards , including a player 's choice game of the year award from ModDB.com .
Another game built using the Quake engine , Urban Terror is billed as a " Hollywood tactical shooter , " with the emphasis being on fun over realism .
While the game is fairly realistic and features real weapons , the gameplay can often be over - the - top .
Like Tremulous , Urban Terror has received a number of accolades and great player reviews .
Originally planned as an add - on for Return to Castle Wolfenstein , Enemy Territory is another of the truly free - to - play online shooters .
Featuring the same type of gameplay as the previous Wolfenstein games , Enemy Territory is set during World War II and features team - based online play with five character classes from which to choose ( soldier , medic , engineer , covert ops and field ops ) .
Based on a comic strip by a German artist , World of Padman started off as a Quake III Arena mod and evolved into a game of its own .
It features Quake - like gameplay but a cartoony art style .
The game is another one that aims to make things easy for newcomers while still providing a deep experience for veterans .
Many people who were Barack Obama ’s most enthusiastic supporters a year ago have grown disillusioned and angry .
Alan Maass in Socialist Worker looks at the differences between President Obama and Candidate Obama–and where the hope for real change lies .
AS THE first year of Barack Obama ’s presidency drew to a close , one event symbolized the gap between the promise he represented to so many people and the frustrating reality : A war president accepting the Nobel Peace Prize .
Here was the man who owed his electoral success , at least during the Democratic primaries , to the perception that he was the main antiwar candidate–and he accepted the Nobel in Oslo a week after announcing he would escalate the already - eight - year - old U.S. war on Afghanistan , with a second troop surge that brought to more than 50,000 the total number of soldiers he had committed to the war since taking office .
Sure , Obama ’s Nobel speech started with the usual claims of “ great humility ” to be receiving such an honor–right before he delivered as ugly an example of American imperial arrogance as anything George W. Bush could have managed :
Whatever mistakes we have made , the plain fact is this : the United States of America has helped underwrite global security for more than six decades with the blood of our citizens and the strength of our arms .
The service and sacrifice of our men and women in uniform has promoted peace and prosperity from Germany to Korea .
Underwritten global security ?
Tell it to the relatives of the innocent Afghans torn to pieces by U.S. bombs dropped on wedding parties .
Promoted peace and prosperity ?
Ask the people of East Timor trying to rebuild a ruined nation after a quarter century of a U.S. - sanctioned occupation and genocide by Indonesia .
Blood of our citizens ?
An Iraqi could tell you about the blood of their citizens , spilled to protect the U.S. government ’s control of Middle East oil .
If Obama ’s goal was to win the approval of right - wing Republicans –the ones who accuse him of “ paling around with terrorists ” and pander to the crazies who think Obama was born in Kenya–he did succeed on that count .
“ I liked what he said , ” Sarah Palin chirped .
Newt Gingrich praised “ a very historic speech . ”
Walter Russell Mead–whose title of Henry Kissinger senior fellow for U.S. foreign policy at the Council on Foreign Relations tells you everything you need to know about him–could n’t contain his delight :
There are no flies on our President .
He could sell shoes to a snake .
Barack Obama ’s acceptance speech for the Nobel Peace Prize was a carefully reasoned defense of a foreign policy that differs very little from George Bush ’s .
He is winding down one war , escalating a second , and stepping up the pressure on Iran .
He is asserting America ’s sovereign right to unilateral action in self - defense , while expressing the hope that this right will not need to be exercised .
If Bush had said these things , the world would be filled with violent denunciations .
When Obama says them , people purr .
That is fine by me …I ’ve waxed lyrical about Obama ’s ability to sell our foreign policy to the world .
He did n’t just put lipstick on the pig ; he gave it a makeover and sent it to charm school .
Meanwhile , among the people who actually wanted Barack Obama to become president , there was bitter disappointment .
As author Garry Wills wrote :
Although he talked of a larger commitment to Afghanistan during his campaign , he has now officially adopted his very own war , one with all the disqualifications that he attacked in the Iraq engagement … I cannot vote for any Republican .
But Obama will not get another penny from me , or another word of praise , after this betrayal .
Obama ’s surge to Afghanistan was a turning point for others who supported him in 2008 .
But it ’s worth noting that many leading liberals were n’t nearly as put off as Wills .
Nation editor Katrina vanden Heuvel , speaking to National Public Radio , claimed that Obama ’s Nobel speech –the very same one admired by Sarah Palin– “ had a humility and grace while confronting the paradoxes . ”
When Obama announced his Afghanistan escalation a week earlier , the liberal antiwar group MoveOn.org urged its members not to protest Obama , but to call on Congress to support “ a binding military exit strategy and firm benchmarks so we can bring our troops home safely and quickly . ”
So the president of the United States doubles the number of U.S. troops committed to a war that even some conservatives now considered a disaster , and all MoveOn.org could ask for was “ benchmarks ” ?
That tepid response goes a long way in explaining why the Obama administration was n’t concerned about an antiwar backlash when it approved the Pentagon ’s proposal for a further surge .
– – – – – – – – – – – – – – – –
LAST YEAR at this time , millions of people were basking in the glow of Barack Obama ’s historic election victory .
As SocialistWorker.org and other left voices pointed out , the new president ’s actual policies were more conservative than his rhetoric .
But in spite of that , the Obama campaign stirred more popular enthusiasm for change and higher expectations than anything to happen in mainstream politics in more than a generation .
It was an invigorating climate after years of conservative domination in Washington politics .
Twelve months later , the reality has proved very different .
For those who put their hopes in Obama , every month and week –sometimes every day–brings greater disillusionment and growing anger .
Over the summer , The Onion managed to capture the situation better than most media outlets .
“ In a slight shift from his campaign trail promise , ” went a front - page story , “ President Barack Obama announced that his administration ’s message of ‘ Change ’ has been modified to the somewhat more restrained slogan ‘ Relatively Minor Readjustments in Certain Favorable Policy Areas . ' ”
Now , though , it seems like “ relatively minor readjustments ” would be better than what we got .
On every issue , the Obama administration has acted like its hated Republican predecessors far more often than anyone would have guessed .
For the bailout of Wall Street , the administration adopted wholesale the policies put in place by the Bush administration in its final months in office .
Nothing about nationalization , no more than a toothless executive pay policy , not even new regulations on the banks .
On health care reform , the White House started by opening negotiations with “ stakeholders ” –translation : the medical - insurance - pharmaceutical complex–and bargained away even half - measures like the “ public option ” for the uninsured .
Even on an issue like civil liberties , where it seemed impossible that it could sink to the depths of the Bush administration , the number of times the Obama White House upheld policies from the Bush years –indefinite detention in U.S. prisons overseas , trial by military commissions , rendition of prisoners to regimes where torture is legal , warrantless wiretapping , use of executive powers to hinder the prosecution of U.S. officials –far outnumber the times it changed course .
True , Obama has n’t been a carbon copy of Bush .
In June , for example , he marked LGBT Pride Month with a powerful statement decrying oppression and harassment that remained “ all too common for members of the lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender ( LGBT ) community ” –surely words that no one could imagine George W. Bush uttering .
But within days of this declaration , the Obama Justice Department was in court defending both the Defense of Marriage Act and the military ’s “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” policy –two antigay measures Obama the candidate promised to overturn–against legal challenges .
The Employee Free Choice Act , immigration raids , climate change legislation , racial profiling , education “ reform ” – the list of issues where Barack Obama has disappointed his most enthusiastic supporters goes on and on .
What it shows is that Barack Obama was never the crusader for change he claimed to be on the campaign trail , but a much more conventional politician–as committed to the priorities of protecting the status quo as any other member of the two - party political establishment that runs Washington .
– – – – – – – – – – – – – – – –
A CENTURY ago , another Democratic president , Woodrow Wilson , explained the reality of the two - party Washington system as well as any radical :
Suppose you go to Washington and try to get at your government .
You will always find that while you are politely listened to , the men really consulted are the men who have the big stake – the big bankers , the big manufacturers and the big masters of commerce …
The masters of the government of the United States are the combined capitalists and manufacturers of the United States .
Barack Obama ’s campaign last year was built around a carefully crafted image of a candidate who came from outside the Washington establishment , and would set a new direction for the country –in a way that the Republicans obviously would n’t , and fellow Democrats like Hillary Clinton , bound up for so many years in Beltway politics , could n’t .
But the image conflicted with the reality of a politician who “ really consulted ” with the big bankers and masters of commerce .
Check the phone directory of the senior staff at the Obama Treasury Department –the men and women overseeing the multi-trillion - dollar bailout of Wall Street–and you ’ll search in vain for any figure associated with liberal policies .
No one from the unions , no one from liberal think tanks , no community organizers or progressive bloggers .
What you will find are plenty of former employees of Goldman Sachs –the mega - bank that presided over the Wall Street bubble , and then got its hooks into the government ’s bailout program .
Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner , while not a Goldman alumnus , is perfectly representative of the brand of people that makes up the Obama administration –someone whose political views are shaped by with the narrow world of the financial and political elite , within which he has operated his entire professional life .
A few months ago , the Associated Press used a Freedom of Information Act request to obtain Geithner ’s phone records and calendar during his time as Treasury Secretary .
What they showed , AP reported , was that the CEOs of Goldman Sachs , Citigroup and JPMorgan Chase were among a small core of “ Wall Street executives who have known Geithner for years , whose multibillion - dollar companies survived the economic crisis with his help , and who can pick up the phone and reach the nation ’s most powerful economic official … Goldman , Citi and JPMorgan can get Geithner on the phone several times a day if necessary , giving them an unmatched opportunity to influence policy . ”
It would be hard to find a better example of how the U.S. political system really works .
Ordinary people are supposed to be able to have an effect on their government by voting for candidates they support every two or four years .
But if you run Goldman Sachs or Citigroup , you can have a far more direct effect on government policy every two or four hours , just by picking up the phone .
Many people who voted for Obama disdain Geithner , but do n’t always apply their criticisms to Obama himself , in part because they think he is being led astray from his correct instincts –the ones he expressed during the campaign–by bad advisers like Geithner .
But after a year in office–during which Obama made concessions time and again on promised policies and programs , and hired no one but mainstream advisers straight out of the political and corporate establishment –this rings hollow .
It makes much more sense , in light of the record , to recognize that Obama is a part of the same corporate money - soaked system he claimed in his campaign speeches that he wanted to change .
On this point , it helps to remember that Obama and the Democrats displaced the Republicans as the primary recipients of political donations from a number of industries in 2008 , the financial sector among them .
As a New York University finance professor told the Washington Post , the threat of re-regulation on Wall Street meant that hedge funds “ have a strong interest in becoming involved in the political process , and that is really the whole story behind their support of Obama … [ I ] t is very much in their advantage to have a strong voice with him . ”
Seen in this light , the Obama administration ’s generous bailout terms for Wall Street , reluctance to restrict pay for financial executives and hesitation to push for stronger rules to regulate the banks are easier to understand .
The hedge funds did , indeed , buy “ a strong voice ” in the new administration .
– – – – – – – – – – – – – – – –
THE POINT is n’t that Barack Obama is unique in being influenced by corporate power , but how much he has in common with business as usual in the Washington system .
He is n’t a reformer or a maverick , but the leader of one of the two mainstream political parties that dominate American politics .
Both parties have a long history , whatever their rhetoric to win votes , of running that system in the interests of the corporate and political elite .
Unless forced to by pressure from below , they instinctively lean to the conservative option in any given situation .
Of course , winning elections means getting ordinary people to vote for you , and no one would do that if the politicians were honest about how they really operate , and who they really listen to .
All candidates–even the most dyed - in - the - wool Republican tools of big business–talk about “ serving the people ” and giving ordinary Americans a better deal .
But this is a fraud–a fraud that reflects the basic nature of government under capitalism .
The politicians are the public face of a system that ’s set up to serve the ruling class .
Their job is to say one thing to the majority of people to win their votes–while doing another in office .
For all his powerful speeches , Barack Obama is n’t an exception , but the rule .
Keep in mind something else , though : Franklin Delano Roosevelt was n’t an exception either back in the 1930s .
When Obama first took office , the media delighted in drawing parallels between them –two liberals prepared to come to the rescue of working people in times of severe economic crisis .
It ’s a telling statement about the record of the Obama administration that those comparisons have disappeared .
Roosevelt gets the credit for Depression - era “ New Deal ” reforms like Social Security and unemployment insurance .
But the blue - blooded Roosevelt did n’t come into office promoting workers ’ rights and government jobs programs .
He was pressured to break with a much more conventional economic program by a tide of protest and revolt brewing throughout society as a result of the Great Depression .
It took grassroots action to give a pro-worker content to the New Deal .
Whatever the other differences , Obama has n’t faced the same scale of social struggle–and so the main pressure to shape his agenda has been the pressure from Wall Street , Corporate America and the mainstream political establishment .
At the same time , the discontent with Wall Street greed and the disasters of capitalism is deeper than it was on Election Day a year ago–working - class people in the U.S. are still bearing the brunt of a painful economic crisis caused by Wall Street , while the banks and speculators are celebrating a return to prosperity .
The question is when and how this discontent will take the form of struggle and political action .
On this score , the Obama campaign could still loom large in ways its leaders never intended .
For millions of people , Obama ’s presidential race offered a first glimpse that something different from the status quo was possible .
Among them was a smaller core that got a taste of organizing for the first time .
Now , they are facing the questions that come inevitably with the reality of a Democratic Party administration that does the opposite of what it promised to win votes .
The anger with the system–and increasingly with Barack Obama as the face of that system–needs to be turned into concrete action .
The struggles of the future depend on more and more people recognizing what the historian Howard Zinn once said : “ [ T ] he really critical thing is n’t who is sitting in the White House , but who is sitting in –in the streets , in the cafeterias , in the halls of government , in the factories .
Who is protesting , who is occupying offices and demonstrating –those are the things that determine what happens . ”
Exclusive : 9 - 11 Grand Jury Now Hearing Evidence in NYC
Regular New Yorkers hearing evidence against accused Sept. 11 plotters
By JONATHAN DIENST
A federal grand jury in New York is now hearing evidence and testimony in the 9 - 11 terror case , NBCNewYork.com has learned .
The Justice Deparment is moving forward in seeking an indictment against self - proclaimed 9 - 11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and four other terror suspects .
The panel of everyday New Yorkers was convened after Attorney General Eric Holder announced the alleged 9 - 11 plotters would face civilian trial in New York instead of a military tribunal .
If the alleged plotters are convicted , prosecutors intend to seek the death penalty .
Justice Department spokesmen in New York and Washington declined to comment .
Spokesmen for the U.S. District Court and the FBI also would not comment .
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and the other suspects are currently being held at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
Mohammed had been indicted in New York back in 1996 for his alleged role in an al Qaeda plot to blow up U.S. airliners over the Pacific .
Grand Jury Hearing Evidence Against Self - Proclaimed 9 -11 Ringleader .
It is unclear if prosecutors will only seek 9 - 11 related charges from this grand jury .
Some experts say prosecutors could also include terror charges for the murder of Wall Street Journal reporter Daniel Pearl and other past al Qaeda attacks overseas .
Other terror suspects to be sent to New York include :
Walid bin Attash who is accused of being selected as a hijacker but never made it to the United States .
Officials said he took test runs on U.S. airliners overseas and also played a role in the USS Cole attack as well as the U.S. embassy bomings in Kenya and Tanzania .
Ramzi Binalhibh allegedly applied for flight training in Florida but also failed to enter the U.S. Investigators said he too played a key role in providing logistical support to the hijackers .
Mustafa Ahmad al - Hawsawi is accused of providing funding to the hijackers .
And Ali Abd al - Aziz Ali is a nephew of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed who is accused of also providing support to the hijackers .
Nearly 3,000 people were killing in the 9 - 11 attacks in New York , Washington and Pennsylvania .
The Obama administration has said it hopes to close Guantanamo Bay and moving several key suspects to New York for trial is a step towards closing the detention facility .
It is unclear when the suspects will be sent to New York .
The Justice Department has to notify Congress 45 days in advance before moving the suspects to U.S. soil .
Congressional sources said notification has not yet happened so the 45 day clock has not yet started ticking .
Critics have complained a civilian trial is a mistake claiming it makes New York an increased target for a terror attack .
Others have said terrorists should face a military tribunal because the 9 - 11 attacks were an act of war , not a crime .
But supporters of a civilian trial have said the courts are the right place to try the suspects and a trial serves as a victory for the rule of law .
As for the grand jury , it is unclear when it might vote on the terror charges and any indictment could be weeks away .
Video : Satellite galaxies Video : Satellite galaxies
Something missing ?
( Image : NASA / ESA / STScI / AURA / A. Aloisi )
Have you seen these galaxies ?
( Image : NASA )
LIKE moths about a flame , thousands of tiny satellite galaxies flutter about our Milky Way .
For astronomers this is a dream scenario , fitting perfectly with the established models of how our galaxy ’s cosmic neighbourhood should be .
Unfortunately , it ’s a dream in more ways than one and the reality could hardly be more different .
As far as we can tell , barely 25 straggly satellites loiter forlornly around the outskirts of the Milky Way .
“ We see only about 1 per cent of the predicted number of satellite galaxies , ” says Pavel Kroupa of the University of Bonn in Germany .
“ It is the cleanest case in which we can see there is something badly wrong with our standard picture of the origin of galaxies . ”
It is n’t just the apparent dearth of galaxies that is causing consternation .
At a conference earlier this year in the German town of Bad Honnef , Kroupa and his colleagues presented an analysis of the location and motion of the known satellite galaxies .
They reported that most of those galaxies orbit the Milky Way in an unexpected manner and that , taken together , their results are at odds with mainstream cosmology .
There is “ only one way ” to explain the results , says Kroupa : “ Gravity has to be stronger than predicted by Newton . ”
Challenging Newton ’s description of gravity is controversial .
But regardless of where the truth lies , the Milky Way ’s satellite galaxies have become the latest battleground between the proponents of dark matter and theories of modified gravity .
Our standard picture of the universe comes from many decades …
Wet snow blankets the Military Academy Cemetery deep enough to discourage my usual trooping of the long , sorrowful line of headstones of those graduates who died in Vietnam .
They ’re in line along the back fence , these young men of the Classes of 1963 , 1964 , 1965 , 1966 , 1967 , and on and on and on .
They were lieutenants and captains and even a few majors .
They did their duty .
They followed the orders of Kennedy or Johnson or Nixon or even Gerald Ford .
They fought and died for duty , honor , and country , as have so many others of the long gray line who rest here or in Arlington or in other national cemeteries across this land .
The sheer numbers of their marble markers along that back fence , the length of that line to be trooped and reviewed , never fails to bring me to tears — hot , bitter tears at the sacrifice they made so willingly for a war so wrong , so futile .
Last week a new president , No. 44 , came to West Point and with the 4,000 cadets of this institution as his backdrop announced he was escalating the war in Afghanistan , adding an additional 30,000 American troops to the nearly 70,000 already there .
Then he jetted off to collect the Nobel Peace Prize .
Lord help us .
I would blush for him and for us , if it were n’t for the precedent .
A Peace Prize for a leader who escalated a war ?
Ah well , remember ?
They gave the same prize to Henry Kissinger , so peaceful a leader that he bears responsibility for the butchering of 2 or 3 or maybe 4 million human beings in Cambodia and Vietnam and Laos .
The new president promised that after 18 months we would begin withdrawing those additional troops .
Maybe .
Or , if you listen to the words of his civilian and military advisers , maybe not .
More likely not .
Meantime , the president of Afghanistan , Hamid Karzai , says his army will require our money , weapons and support until 2026 or thereabouts .
So the war that should have ended in 2003 will only grow larger , deadlier and more costly as 2010 dawns .
Once again we find ourselves wading into the quicksand of a war in the wrong place , against the wrong enemy , with the wrong locals as our putative allies , and no hope in hell of even defining what victory would be in that place , much less winning such a victory .
This is what happens when a politician sets out to reach a compromise instead of a right decision .
He can chew it over for three months and listen to every possible argument pro and con , but in the end he is going to cut the baby in half and call it a compromise .
So now the eight - year war will drag on without end and the number of fresh marble markers in the West Point Cemetery will grow .
We have sown the seeds of war and we will reap a harvest of tombstones and grief .
The new president was right to choose West Point as the venue for his speech .
But it would have been better if he ’d chosen to deliver it in the cemetery instead of Eisenhower Hall .
Just as Lyndon B. Johnson ’s decision to escalate and Americanize the Vietnam War blighted and ultimately destroyed his presidency , so too will Afghanistan and that other war he inherited blight the presidency of Barack Obama .
Obama arrived with so many hopes for repair and reform riding on his shoulders .
But it would have required a huge dose of moral courage to deliver on those hopes and all those promises , and that one thing — moral courage — seems strangely lacking in this president .
On the way into the West Point Cemetery , on the way to the back fence , I always pass by the large ornate monument that marks the final resting place of Col. George Armstrong Custer and I stop .
I render him a solemn salute from someone who also stood with the 7th U.S. Cavalry in a desperate river valley battle .
Then I speak aloud to Custer , the Boy General : " Sir , you were an arrogant , ignorant idiot and you got everybody killed . "
There are a few military commanders today more adept at boxing in a greenhorn president and playing politics to prolong an unwinnable war than they are at getting on with their job .
They might do well to reflect on the lessons taught by Col. Custer .
( C ) 2009 Tribune Media Services , Inc .
Birth of the Chess Queen is a history of chess in medieval Europe which focuses on the status of queens both on and off the chessboard .
Starting sometime around the 10th century , the vizier inherited from Islamic chess began to be renamed a queen .
This piece could originally move only to adjacent diagonal squares , but in the 15th century it gained the modern queen 's move , making it the most powerful piece on the board .
Yalom describes these changes as part of a broader social history of chess and of women players .
She looks at the Islamic and Byzantine world , Spain , Italy and Germany , France and England , Scandinavia , and Russia ; the rulers who feature include Eleanor of Aquitaine , Margaret of Denmark , Isabella of Castile , and Catherine the Great , among many others .
Representations of chess queens can be linked to the cult of the Virgin Mary .
Chess also had links with the cult of love and was a symbol of romance , as chess - playing was one of the few ways in which noble women could interact with men .
In the early modern " end game " many of these connections weakened : as chess became more professional and public , Yalom argues , it ceased to be so acceptable a pursuit for women .
Much of Birth of the Chess Queen consists of potted histories of female rulers without any immediate connection to the game of chess .
There is some discussion of the provenance and interpretation of manuscripts , chess pieces and sets , and paintings — illustrated with halftones and eight pages of colour photographs — but the sources are limited and the evidence simply is n't there to make more than a plausibility argument for a link between the changes to the game and the prominence of particular women .
Birth of the Chess Queen includes references and avoids the embellishments and exaggerations of pop history , but it is a lively , accessible work aimed at a general audience , which could be enjoyed by readers who know nothing about chess and little about medieval history .
October 2009
( CNN ) --
The Ugandan parliament unanimously passed a bill banning female genital mutilation , a traditional rite that has sparked an international outcry and is practiced in some African and Asian communities .
The practice , which involves cutting off a girl 's clitoris , is also called female circumcision .
In some communities in eastern Uganda , it is practiced in girls up to age 15 .
Convicted offenders face 10 years in prison , but if the girl dies during the act , those involved will get a life sentence , according to officials in the east African country .
" A majority of Ugandans felt it is a disgusting act , but you have to remember that this is a cultural belief that has been practiced for generations , " said Fred Opolot , the government spokesman .
" That 's what took the bill so long to pass . "
Human rights activists have decried the practice , which they say poses major health risks for girls and may lead to death .
It also causes complications during sex and child birth , activists say .
" The experience has also been related to a range of psychological and psychosomatic disorders , " the United Nations Population Fund says .
About three million women and girls face female genital mutilation globally every year , and nearly 140 million have already undergone the practice , according to the United Nations .
Most of the victims live in Africa and Asia , including among some populations in India , Indonesia and Malaysia .
Alice Alaso , a member of parliament in Uganda , said the bill was only a first step .
" We might later amend it to include compensations for women subjected to the practice , " Alaso said .
" Our goal is to protect these girls , and we will continue to do so . "
Female genital mutilation has been banned in some African countries , but it is still practiced in some remote , close - knit communities .
Some communities are also shifting toward a less invasive procedure called the ' lesser cut , " according to the United Nations .
" This may be indicative of shifts in awareness .... however , it is still an unacceptable practice , " it added .
Journalist Samson Ntale contributed to this report .
All good Jedi know that the best way to survive a snow storm is in the snugly belly of your nearest Tauntaun .
Just cut open with your handy dandy light saber , a single horizontal slice across the midsection will do , push squirming intestines aside , and crawl right in .
Warm as it is comfortable , the intestines mold to your body like a memory foam mattress .
But how long could you survive in a Tauntaun ?
Realistically , the sub - zero environment of Hoth is no place to be , Tauntaun or not .
And it ’s important to remember that Luke Skywalker did n’t need to survive in his Tauntaun over night , he simply needed a warm place to be until Han had time to build a proper shelter .
So , the better question might be , how long did Han have to build a snow shelter until Luke was in serious trouble .
In a normal environment , a carcass gets cold in 8 to 36 hours losing an average rate of 1.6 degrees Fahrenheit per hour .
However , the ice world of Hoth is not an average environment .
The Star Wars database lists that Hoth reaches nightly temperatures of - 60 F .
In a frigid , sub - zero environment , body heat can be lost almost 32 times faster .
This means a Tauntaun ’s body heat could drop almost 51.2 F every hour .
Considering that Han Solo ’s Tauntaun died of severe hypothermia even before it was cut open with Luke ’s light saber , one could assume it ’s core body temperature was already well below normal .
The problem for Luke is if the Tauntaun ’s body temperature reaches freezing point those once toasty guts , blood , and assorted alien goo , will in fact become a frozen coffin .
If the Tauntaun died of cardiac arrest due to hypothermia with an average body temperature of 75 F ( 23 C ) , and if Tauntaun blood freezes at 28.4 F ( - 2 C ) , then Han has roughly 56 minutes to set up a shelter before Luke once again is in danger of losing his life in the barren wasteland of Hoth .
Try a Tauntaun yourself , it ’s Tontons of Fun
Do n’t believe in the effectiveness of Tauntaun wilderness survival .
Find out for your yourself .
ThinkGeek offers a Tauntaun sleeping bag , featuring simulated Tauntaun fur and plush light saber zipper pull .
Founded by Clifford A. Johnson in 1929 , our firm has deep ties to our community ’s citizens and civic organizations .
Over the years , we have been proud to serve on the Boards of Trustees for both Dover General Hospital and Saint Clare ’s Hospital , as members of the Dover Kiwanis Club and as proud representatives on the Morris County Republican Committee , to name a few .
We have been privileged to personally work with the individuals , families and businesses in Morris and Sussex Counties , representing their interests and resolving their legal concerns whether they involve civil matters or criminal defense .
Limousine Service Los Angeles , LA Baron Limousine Service , luxury transportation in Los Angeles provide synonymous service with exclusivity and delivering and unbeatable VIP experience .
We specialize in offering a comprehensive variety of Mercedes Benz Limousine , S 550 and Mercedes Benz E 350 .
limousine service Los Angeles ,
We cater and specialized in Corporations , Live TV shows , Film maker Industry with our reliable fleet and staffs , stylish vehicles that deliver upon any specific vehicles make and configurations request .
LA Baron limousine limousine service
LA Baron Limousine limousine service , Corporate Limousine Service in Los Angeles .
We are proud to earn our clientele and your repeat business through recommendation and our proven quality , integrity and incomparably - competitive Rate .
We are actually sensitive abouworking with PR vision , expectations and campaigns .
By glazou on Thursday 19 November 2009 , 16:35 - Mozilla - Permalink
Take an arbitrary Opera widget like this one .
Have a xulrunner package ( to be launched by Firefox 3 ) to handle it .
And here 's the result , on my Mac OS X desktop :
I 'll release the code as soon as I can .
This real ( not replica ) green Ford Cobra was a real show stopper .
I really like to photograph cars , but I very rarely get to do it on purpose .
I had no idea a classic car show was going on just a few miles from my Saint Petersburg home until I happened upon it as I was leaving a meeting about an upcoming HDR gallery exhibition .
I was very glad I did though .
There were some real beauties at the show , but I focused on the Ford Cobras and a 1963 Chevrolet Corvette split window .
This Ford Cobra was a replica , but from this angle looked pretty true to form .
Lately I have been thinking about how only old things have any value .
For cars , to me , it is absolutely true .
These classics are beloved works of art .
I think of the cars rolling off robotic assembly lines today and think , how many will be in car shows 40 years from now ?
Probably not any .
Staring up the nose of a beautiful 1963 Chevrolet Corvette split window ..
The 1963 Chevrolet Corvette split window is one of the all - time classics and a rarity .
It 's a truly beautiful car with so much character that one cannot even compare it to any car of today , not even another Corvette .
The split rear window of the famous 1963 Chevrolet Corvette as seen at a Saint Petersburg classic car show .
I just hope there are enough of these classic cars in good condition still around by the time I can afford one of them .
What a feeling it must be to cruise down the street in a piece of motoring history !
********************
If you have a classic car , get it professionally photographed today !
Positively the last word on the strange saga of Elizabeth Truss , the Dave 's Darling would - be MP for south - west Norfolk , and her run-in with the Turnip Taliban : it was not about sex or even about using Google .
When members of the local Conservative Association objected to her candidacy , the problem was not that she had once had an affair ( Norfolk is well known as an adultery hot - spot ) but that local people were tired of being taken for granted .
For too long , the important decisions in their lives were being taken by smooth metropolitan types in Central Office , or Westminster , or Brussels .
It was a protest which , ever alert to a misleading but convenient cliché , the national media has presented as a sort of rural isolationism .
In fact , it is part of a movement which is altogether more interesting and revealing .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
People across the country , whether they live in urban or rural areas , are increasingly aware that the world reflected in the press , on TV and online – the world to which business and politics respond – is not one that they entirely recognise as their own .
They distrust decisions based on grand generalisations , which treat regions of the country as pretty much interchangeable .
At home and at work , screens reveal the vast , unknowable universe of cyberspace adding to this sense of alienation .
In response to the pace and scale of modern life , they turn to what they know – their own community .
When last week , the eminent director Stephen Daldry revealed an apparently startling ambition to run a provincial theatre , he was reflecting this new , vital sense of regionalism .
" The relationship you have with a town can be so dynamic , " he said .
It is no coincidence that regional theatre , having been in the doldrums , is now undergoing a spectacular renaissance .
Politicians , for all their talk of localism , have not quite woken up to the fact that top - down solutions which make no allowance for particularities of place and culture are more distrusted than ever .
Even as they are announced , great consultation exercises are known to be a sham .
When it was proposed that the Post Office should close 2,500 branches , a step which would profoundly affect the lives of the vulnerable and of local communities , the Government 's promise to consult was widely seen as a con .
Sure enough , it was : after the " consultation " , virtually all the closures took place with a bit of Mandelsonian hand - wringing .
The cynicism which greeted this exercise turns out to have been entirely justified .
Concerns were " ignored " , according to a report from the Commons ' public accounts committee .
The consultations were " little more than window - dressing " .
Upheaval and distress were caused for " relatively modest economic benefits " .
There is no great mystery here .
The same message can be found in the success of local festivals and regional theatre as is evident in the cynicism about consultation or rage when one of the big parties insist on imposing their own shortlist of potential candidates for a constituency .
Communities are different from one another , whether they are in towns or in the country .
The local connection that you have to those who live and work in your neighbourhood or region matters more than ever in a changing , impersonal world .
If those making decisions in big , centralised politics and business fail to wake up to this relatively simple fact , they will be the ones who will one day discover that they are out of touch .
If a job needs doing , call for a woman
Yet another survey is about to be published confirming the general uselessness of men .
The Equality and Human Rights Commission , having studied the effects of the Great Recession , will conclude that women are more adept than men at dealing with job loss and change .
The reason unemployment figures are skewed by gender is all to do with flexibility .
The male sex is apparently too hung up on status , too in thrall to what it has done in the past .
The report has a depressing ring of truth to it .
Women do seem to be better at thinking radically about what they should be doing in the world .
When it was reported , for example , that an 84 - year - old actor is to step out of role in order to raise awareness of the great Equitable Life Scandal , it was somehow inevitable that the born - again activist would be a woman .
" It is a reflection of the sorry situation that I may have to do what Joanna Lumley did – shame the Pensions Minister into doing something , " Honor Blackman , has said , launching her campaign .
As time has gone by and the Government has bailed out banks and guaranteed savings , its behaviour in 2000 has seemed inexplicably and cynically heartless .
Huge losses were caused to policy - holders , many of whom were vulnerable pensioners , while Gordon Brown stood by , doing nothing .
There are suggestions that the Government is dragging its heels over the compensation for a simple , cynical reason : those who lost up to half of their savings are dying off .
Another important cause ; another former action heroine steps bravely into the breach .
Is writing down your thoughts so shameful ?
One of the most intriguing elements of the Belle de Jour story remains unresolved .
The blogging prostitute , who has just revealed that she is in fact Dr Brooke Magnanti , a medical researcher who works in the area of children 's health , was asked whether she had felt any sense of shame .
" I 've felt worse about my writing than I ever have about sex for money , " she said .
To those of us who write for a living , this seems a little harsh .
Is it really more shameful to put down thoughts and stories for the public to read than it is to lie on a hotel bed with your legs in the air for a fat businessman ?
It is a daring thought , if not an entirely original one .
Flaubert , that literary purist ( and enthusiastic brothel - hound ) described being published as , " the height of prostitution , of the vilest kind " .
If the reason for Dr Magnanti's shame was the effect her published words could have on innocent bystanders , her more recent remarks are downright bewildering .
When a former boyfriend complained mildly that , by outing herself , she had also outed him – he was described as " the Boy " on the Belle de Jour blog – the response from the sensitive writer was that he should " get over it " .
Spoken like a true professional .
" It 's a fast paced program and by the third day of camp we have women safely drawing from holsters and shooting on the move , " said Mrs Ferns .
" We often get emails from women telling us that the camp has changed their lives . "
Air Canada has become the first Canadian airline to offer in - flight Internet access to its passengers
The airline launched a 10 - week trial period Friday during which select flights on the Montreal - Los Angeles and Toronto - Los Angeles routes will offer web surfing .
Access will cost $ 9.95 ( U.S. ) for a PC and $ 7.95 for smartphones and PDAs .
Initially , the service will only be available when flying over the territorial U.S .
At the end of the 10 - week trial on Jan. 29 , 2010 , the airline will consider expanding the service to other routes .
" The ultimate rollout of our in - flight Internet service will be finalized pending the outcome of the trial period as well as obtaining the necessary regulatory approvals and the development of ground infrastructure in Canada to provide a domestic network , " Air Canada spokesperson Louise McKenven said in a release .
Initially , the system will be available on a U.S. - only high - speed mobile network for aviation .
Air Canada said it hopes to assist in the development of a Canadian air - to - ground network in the near future .
Meanwhile , Air Canada competitor WestJet said it has no immediate plans to offer wireless on its planes .
" We are watching the experience of other airlines at this point , and will continue to evaluate the concept in 2010 , " WestJet spokesperson Robert Palmer wrote in an email .
Read more about :
Marjorie Mazel Hecht
EIR
8th June , 2007
“ Global Warming ” is , and always was , a policy for genocidal reduction of the world ’s population .
The preposterous claim that human - produced carbon dioxide will broil the Earth , melt the ice caps , and destroy human life , came out of a 1975 conference in Research Triangle Park , North Carolina , organized by the influential anthropologist Margaret Mead , president of the American Association for the Advancement of Science ( AAAS ) , in 1974 .
Mead — whose 1928 book on the sex life of South Pacific Islanders was later found to be a fraud — recruited like - minded anti-population hoaxsters to the cause :
Sow enough fear of man-caused climate change to force global cutbacks in industrial activity and halt Third World development .
Mead ’s leading recruits at the 1975 conference were climate - scare artist Stephen Schneider , population - freak biologist George Woodwell , and the current AAAS president John Holdren — all three of them disciples of malthusian fanatic Paul Ehrlich , author of The Population Bomb .
[ 1 ]
Guided by luminaries like these , conference discussion focussed on the absurd choice of either feeding people or “ saving the environment . ”
Mead began organizing for her conference , “ The Atmosphere : Endangered and Endangering , ” shortly after she had attended the United Nations Population Conference in Bucharest , Romania , in August 1974 .
She had already bullied American scientists with her malthusian view that people were imperiling the environment .
She wrote in a 1974 Sciencemagazine editorial that the Population Conference had settled this question :
At Bucharest it was affirmed that continuing , unrestricted worldwide population growth can negate any socioeconomic gains and fatally imperil the environment … .
The earlier extreme views that social and economic justice alone can somehow offset population increase and that the mere provision of contraception can sufficiently reduce population — were defeated .
[ 2 ]
The North Carolina conference , which took place Oct. 26 - 29 , 1975 , was co-sponsored by two agencies of the U.S. National Institutes of Health : the John E. Fogarty International Center for Advanced Study in the Health Sciences and the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences .
( Mead had been a Scholar in Residence at the Fogarty Center in 1973 . )
It was at this government - sponsored conference , 32 years ago , that virtually every scare scenario in today ’s climate hoax took root .
Scientists were charged with coming up with the “ science ” to back up the scares , so that definitive action could be taken by policy - makers .
Global cooling — the coming of an ice age — had been in the headlines in the 1970s , but it could not easily be used to sell genocide by getting the citizens of industrial nations to cut back on consumption .
Something more drastic and more personal was needed .
Eugenics and the Paradigm Shift
Mead ’s population - control policy was firmly based in the post - Hitler eugenics movement , which took on the more palatable names of “ conservation ” and “ environmentalism ” in the post - World War II period .
As Julian Huxley , the vice president of Britain ’s Eugenics Society ( 1937 - 44 ) , had announced in 1946 , “ even though it is quite true that radical eugenic policy will be for many years politically and psychologically impossible , it will be important for UNESCO to see that the eugenic problem is examined with the greatest care and that the public mind is informed of the issues at stake so that much that now is unthinkable may at least become thinkable . ”
Huxley was then director - general of the United Nations Educational , Scientific , and Cultural Organization ( UNESCO ) .
By the 1970s , the paradigm shift that obliterated the optimistic development policies of Franklin Roosevelt and of Dwight Eisenhower ’s “ Atoms for Peace ” program , was in full swing .
The Club of Rome ’s Limits to Growth , which removed the role of scientific advances , was drummed into the public consciousness .
Nuclear energy , in particular , was under attack , because of its promise of virtually unlimited cheap energy to support a growing population .
In the guise of protecting the world from potential terrorism , the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty prohibited developing countries from acquiring civilian nuclear technologies .
In the United States , where nuclear plant construction was poised for takeoff , the dream of a nuclear - powered economy was under ferocious attack from the top down .
The real “ Dr. Strangelove , ” RAND nuclear strategist Albert Wohlstetter , counseled U.S. Presidents on his strategy for winning a nuclear war , at the same time that he advocated an end to civilian nuclear energy .
In one report after another , “ experts ” paid by the Ford Foundation , among others , argued that nuclear power was not economical , not safe , and just plain no good .
Thus was scientific optimism ushered out .
The rock - sex - drugs counterculture of the ’ 68ers lapped it up .
Man was seen as just another animal , but an exceedingly greedy one , using up Mother Nature ’s resources and making a mess in the process .
The unique cognitive ability of the human being , with its power to create new resources , to develop more advanced science and technology , and thus to provide better living standards was trashed .
[ 3 ]
Scientific pessimism invaded the scientific organizations .
Mead played a central role in this degeneration , from her obsession with spreading the “ free love ” message , to her participation in mind - control projects ( the Cybernetics group at MIT ) with her third husband , Gregory Bateson , intellectual author of the infamous MK - Ultra drug - brainwashing program .
The Endangered Atmosphere ?
Mead ’s keynote to the 1975 climate conference set the agenda : Mankind had advanced over the years to have international laws governing the sea and the land ; now was the time for a “ Law of the Atmosphere . ”
It was a naked solicitation of lying formulations to justify an end to human scientific and industrial progress .
Mead stated :
Unless the peoples of the world can begin to understand the immense and long - term consequences of what appear to be small immediate choices — to drill a well , open a road , build a large airplane , make a nuclear test , install a liquid fast breeder reactor , release chemicals which diffuse throughout the atmosphere , or discharge waste in concentrated amounts into the sea — the whole planet may become endangered … .
At this conference we are proposing that , before there is a corresponding attempt to develop a “ law of the air , ” the scientific community advise the United Nations ( and individual , powerful nation states or aggregations of weaker states ) and attempt to arrive at some overview of what is presently known about hazards to the atmosphere from manmade interventions , and how scientific knowledge coupled with intelligent social action can protect the peoples of the world from dangerous and preventable interference with the atmosphere upon which all life depends … .
What we need from scientists are estimates , presented with sufficient conservatism and plausibility but at the same time as free as possible from internal disagreements that can be exploited by political interests , that will allow us to start building a system of artificial but effective warnings , warnings which will parallel the instincts of animals who flee before the hurricane , pile up a larger store of nuts before a severe winter , or of caterpillars who respond to impending climatic changes by growing thicker coats [ sic ] .
Mead deplored the fact that some scientists might be so cautious to “ protect their reputations ” that they would not act .
She described this as the “ modern equivalent of fiddling while Rome burns . ”
As for the thinking population , she deplored “ those who react against prophets of doom , believing that there is not adequate scientific basis for their melanchology prophecies , [ for they ] tend to become in turn prophets of paradisiacal impossiblities , guaranteed utopias of technological bliss , or benign interventions on behalf of mankind that are none the less irrational just because they are couched as ‘ rational . ’
They express a kind of faith in the built - in human instinct for survival , or a faith in some magical technological panacea . ”
What Scientists Need To ‘ Invent ’
Here ’s what Mead wanted the atmospheric scientists to do :
What we need to invent — as responsible scientists — are ways in which farsightedness can become a habit of the citizenry of the diverse peoples of this planet .
This , of course , poses a set of technical problems for social scientists , but they are helpless without a highly articulate and responsible expression of position on the part of natural scientists .
Only if natural scientists can develop ways of making their statements on the present state of danger credible to each other can we hope to make them credible ( and understandable ) to social scientists , politicians , and the citizenry .
… I have asked a group of atmospheric specialists to meet here to consider how the very real threats to humankind and life on this planet can be stated with crediblity and persuasiveness before the present society of nations begins to enact laws of the air , or plan for ‘ international environmental impact statements . ’ ”
Throughout her presentation , Mead stressed the need for consensus , an end - product free from any troubling “ internal scientific controversies ” that might “ blur the need for action . ”
Mead and her co-organizer William W. Kellogg ( a climate scientist from RAND and later NCAR , the National Center for Atmospheric Research ) , edited a report on the proceedings of the conference into a little book published a year later . [ 4 ]
( The Mead - Kellogg team also came up , in 1976 , with the idea that carbon dioxide emissions should be controlled “ by assigning polluting rights to each nation ” [ 5 ] — an early version of the cap - and - trade program of Al Gore . )
The conference proceedings identify the presenters and the rapporteurs for the sessions , but there is no list of all the participants .
Some discord is reported in the audience ( more than is “ allowed ” today in climate change circles ! ) , and Margaret Mead steps in to push for “ consensus . ”
The editors note in their initial comment on the proceedings , “ … we believe that we have captured something very close to consensus . ”
Mead ’s Propagandist Scientists
A few of the 1975 conference presenters stand out today as leading spokesmen for global warming :
Stephen Schneider , who was promoting the global cooling scare scenario in the 1970s , made himself notorious by telling Discover magazine in 1989 : “ To capture the public imagination , we have to offer up some scary scenarios , make simplified dramatic statements and little mention of any doubts one might have .
Each of us has to decide the right balance between being effective , and being honest . ”
Climate scientist , who was promoting the global cooling scare scenario in the 1970s , made himself notorious by telling Discover magazine in 1989 : “ To capture the public imagination , we have to offer up some scary scenarios , make simplified dramatic statements and little mention of any doubts one might have .
Each of us has to decide the right balance between being effective , and being honest . ” [ 6 ]
Schneider has been one of the most visible and voluble scientist - lobbyists for global warming , testifying to Congress , playing a prominent role in the Interngovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , and setting the standards by which it presents its opinions to the public without any hint of uncertainty .
At Stanford University he has trained new generations of climate scare clones .
He is also a close friend of The Population Bomb‘s Paul Ehrlich and wife , Anne Ehrlich , both at Stanford , whose anti-population philosophy he fully shares .
He and Paul Ehrlich co-authored articles on the “ limited carrying capacity ” of the Earth , and challenged population advocate Julian Simon with a bet on how fast man would exhaust certain resources .
John Holdren , another Ehrlich collaborator at Stanford , is now a Harvard - based energy specialist , and the president of the AAAS .
Holdren has co-authored several articles and books with Paul Ehrlich , elaborating on their formula ( I = PAT ) that the impact of an increase in population and consumption ( affluence ) , although modified by technology , is degrading the environment .
Therefore , population growth should stop .
Their underlying assumption , like Mead ’s , was that technology cannot solve the problems created by “ limitless ” population growth .
( Ehrlich ’s view , in fact , is that the United States can sustain only 150 million people ; there are now 302 million of us . )
In December 2006 , Holdren shepherded a radical global warming resolution through the AAAS board of directors , which was announced at the organization ’s annual meeting in February 2007 , the first ever of such resolutions . [ 7 ]
Its conclusions , the AAAS stated , “ reflect the scientific consensus represented by , for example , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change … . ”
Holdren is one of a small group of anti-nuclear “ nuclear experts ” who push technological apartheid — the doctrine that poorer nations cannot be allowed to gain knowledge of nuclear science .
Dr. George Woodwell , a member of the National Academy of Sciences and a Fellow of the Academy of Arts and Sciences , is a global warming fanatic whose stated beliefs indicate that he abhors human beings in general , and whose zealousness in this cause leads him to bend the truth .
Woodwell works closely with John Holdren at the Woods Hole Research Center , which Woodwell founded and of which Holden is a director .
To get the flavor of Woodwell ’s views :
In a 1996 interview , he proclaimed : “ We had an empty world that substantially ran itself as a biophysical system , and now that we have filled it up with people , and the sum of human endeavors which is large enough to affect global systems , it no longer works properly . ” [ 8 ]
He attributes climatic changes and warming to “ the crowding of people into virtually every corner of the Earth . ”
“ How will his plan for a 50 percent cut in [ carbon dioxide ] emissions happen ? ” the interviewer asks .
Woodwell says it will require “ a concerted effort on the part of the scientific and scholarly community ; the public will have to be sufficiently enraged …. ”
He stresses that the scientific community is going to have to exert pressure on the government to act .
Woodwell ’s 1989 article on global warming in Scientific American was illustrated with a drawing that showed seawater lapping at the steps of the White House .
Another example of his “ bending ” the truth : During the environmentalist campaign against DDT , Woodwell wrote a technical article for Science magazine in 1967 purporting to show that there were 13 pounds of DDT per acre of soil .
He neglected to mention , however , that he measured the soil at the spot where the DDT spray trucks washed down !
This detail came out in the official EPA hearings on DDT in 1972 , but neither Woodwell nor Science magazine issued a retraction . [ 9 ]
Dr. James Lovelock is best known as the inventor ( in the 1970s ) of the Gaia thesis , which views the Earth as a whole as a living biological being .
Lovelock ’s worry about global warming has led him to make dire predictions about what will happen : “ Before this century is over , billions of us will die , and the few breeding pairs of people that survive will be in the Arctic where the climate remains tolerable , ” according to one of his scenarios .
is best known as the inventor ( in the 1970s ) of the Gaia thesis , which views the Earth as a whole as a living biological being .
Lovelock ’s worry about global warming has led him to make dire predictions about what will happen : “ Before this century is over , billions of us will die , and the few breeding pairs of people that survive will be in the Arctic where the climate remains tolerable , ” according to one of his scenarios . [ 10 ]
But unlike the three other scientists above , who attended the 1975 Mead conference , Lovelock has called for nuclear power to slow the disaster that he warns is coming .
Again , unlike the three others , Lovelock sees mankind as a “ resource ” for the planet , its “ heart and mind . ”
During the 1975 Mead conference , Lovelock occasionally pooh - poohed some of the more hysterical suggested disasters of man-made warming .
In a discussion on ozone depletion , for example , Lovelock strongly criticized the National Academy of Sciences report of the coming danger of skin cancers from increased ultraviolet radiation .
“ To speak of ultraviolet radiation as analogous to nuclear radiation is most misleading , ” he said .
( During this discussion , the report of the proceedings says , Mead called for a ” ‘ ceasefire ’ in an attempt to avoid a premature polarization of the participants . ”
Referring to the uncertainty of potential effects , she stated , “ The time interval required before we begin to see clear evidence of a particular manmade effect on the enviromment may be long compared to the time in which society has to act … .
A decision by policy - makers not to act in the absence of scientific information or expertise is itself a policy decision , and for scientists there is no possibility for inaction , except to stop being scientists . ” )
‘ Anticipating ’ Global Warming
Mead ’s co-editor of the proceedings , climatologist William Kellogg , notes that “ the main purpose of this conference is to anticipate the call that will be made on scientists and leaders of government regarding the need to protect the atmospheric environment before these calls are made . ”
Kellogg outlines the difficulties of computer modelling of climate change and man ’s role because of the nonlinearities involved in climate , but he concludes that climate models “ are really the only tools we have to determine such things . ”
He then states ,
The important point to bear in mind is that mankind surely has already affected the climate of vast regions , and quite possibly of the entire earth , and that its ever escalating population and demand for energy and food will produce larger changes in the years ahead .
Kellogg reviews the potential global warming disaster scenarios , which are actually what then became the scientific research agenda for the next 30 years .
He himself had put forward arguments that the release of the energy necessary to support a “ large , affluent world population could possibly warm up the earth excessively . ”
The issues Kellogg laid out are all too familiar today : warming that will melt “ the Arctic Ocean ice pack and the ice sheets of Greenland and the Antarctic . ”
“ What will happen to the mean sea level and the coastal cities around the world ? ” Kellogg asks .
Increased carbon dioxide was high on the list of man-related climate change disasters .
It was admitted that there might be other factors involved , but ,
It is concluded that , in cases where the societal risk is great , one should therefore act as if the unaccounted - for effects had been included , since we have no way of dismissing the very possibility that the calculated effect will prevail .
In the Conference summary of recommendations , Kellogg ’s thrust is repeated : Scientists and policy - makers must act now on man-caused climate change .
“ To ignore the possibility of such changes is , in effect , a decision not to act . “
John Holdren repeated this idea : “ How close are we to the danger point ? ” of ecological collapse , he asked .
But then he went on to say that it does n’t matter , because we need to act now .
He stated :
We already have reached the scale of human intervention that rivals the scale of natural processes … .
Furthermore , many of these forms of intervention will lead to observable adverse effects only after time lags , measured in years , decades , or even centuries .
By the time the character of the damage is obvious , remedial action will be difficult or impossible .
Some kinds of adverse effects may be practically irreversible ….
Should We Feed People ?
One of the most telling discussions concerned the view of man as just another species competing for resources .
The report of the summary session of the first day of the conference stated “ that we as a species are trying to maintain ourselves at the expense of other species ; there seems to be a conflict between preserving nature and feeding the rapidly increasing population .
Is our major objective really to feed the population , or do we realize we cannot continue to feed the world at any price ?
Where do we strike a balance between preserving nature and feeding the world ? ”
Stephen Schneider ’s presentation , “ Climatic Variability and Its Impact on Food Production , ” sounds the alarm :
There is a further fear that mankind ’s industrial and energy production activities may affect the climate and lead to enhanced probabilities of extreme vaiability .
Thus the food - climate crisis could be very near - term and of major significance … .
The smallest impact , and one we have already seen , is the triggering of higher prices for food by crop failures in one nation , such as the USSR in 1972 , which had to be made up by North America … .
Simultaneous crop failures in North America and the USSR could lead to even higher prices and widespread starvation throughout the world .
Some estimates predict that upwards of 100 million people in developing countries could starve , while the more affluent countries would be just inconvenienced by a significant crop failure in North America .
As a gauge of the immorality of the conference participants , Schneider felt compelled to assert that “ national energy and food policies must start with the assumption that population control by mass starvation or nuclear war is untenable ” !
Like the other presenters at the conference , and the global warming faction today , Schneider fails to see how curbs on science and industry will kill people by preventing the economic development that permits a higher relative potential population density .
Advances in science and technology are mentioned , but usually in the context of better energy savers and conservation , not in allowing more people to be supported at a better standard of living on a given amount of land .
Woodwell ’s presentation , “ The Impact of Enviromental Change on Human Ecology , ” is even more alarmist .
He writes :
A careful analysis of the extent to which the earth ’s net primary production is being used directly in support of man leads to the conclusion that , at present , as much as 50 percent of the net production is being used in support of human food supplies … .
The fact that the toxic effects of human activities are spreading worldwide and reducing the structure of the biota is an indication that human activities at present exceed the capacity of the biosphere for repairing itself .
The Noösphere to the Rescue
Thirty - two years after this 1975 conference , the world ’s population , its science and technology , and its industry are dangerously in the grasp of Margaret Mead ’s minions , including those on the IPCC .
A good part of the population is scared , as planned , by the potential effects of human - caused global warming .
They are ready to react , as Mead demanded , to “ warnings which will parallel the instincts of animals who flee before the hurricane , ” and in the process tear down the very institutions and technologies that can obviate the perceived “ limits to growth . ”
In the intervening 32 years , most of our scientific institutions have been taken over by an anti-science ideology , typified by the views of a Stephen Schneider or a John Holdren .
How can there be a science when the mind and its capacity for creativity is denied , when man is put equal to beast , and when man ’s advancements are perceived as ruining the pristine confines of a limited world ?
Such pessimism is a formula for a “ no future ” world .
The question remains , will the reservoir of sanity , in particular in today ’s youth , who did not live through the greenwashing of the 1970s and 1980s , be able to force reality — climate reality and financial reality — on the rest of the population ?
Will the Noo@sphere , man ’s creative ability to change the Biosphere , prevail ?
[ 1 ] The Population Bomb , published in 1968 , was a campus bestseller among the 1968er generation .
Ehrlich employs the repeatedly discredited argument of the British East India Company ’s Parson Thomas Malthus ( 1766-1834 ) that population increases geometrically while food supply increases only arithmetically .
Malthus was proved wrong in his own lifetime by the development of fertilizers and scientific farming , and repeatedly thereafter by the application of successive advances in mechanization , chemistry , and biochemistry to agriculture .
Describing the spirit of “ gloom and misanthropy ” into which the English population had fallen following the dashing of their hopes for progress in the French Revolution , Malthus ’s opponent Percy Bysshe Shelley wrote : “ Inquiries into moral and political science , have become little else than vain attempts to revive exploded superstitions , or sophisms like those of Mr. Malthus . ”
( Author ’s introduction to “ The Revolt of Islam , ” 1818 . )
[ 2 ] Margaret Mead , “ World Population : World Responsibility , ” Science , Sept. 27 , 1974 ( editorial ) , Vol. 185 , No. 4157 .
The only opposition to the Rockefeller / Club of Rome policy presented at the Bucharest conference came from Helga Zepp - LaRouche .
[ 3 ]
See , for example , “ The New Environmentalist Eugenics , ” by Rob Ainsworth , EIR , March 30 , 2007 .
[ 4 ]
The Atmosphere : Endangered and Endangering , Margaret Mead , Ph.D. and William W. Kellogg , Ph.D. , eds. Fogarty International Center Proceedings No. 39 , 1976 ( Washington , D.C. : U.S. Government Printing Office , DHEW Publication No. [ NIH ] 77-1065 ) .
[ 5 ] Cited in P.C. Sinha , Atmospheric Pollution and Climate Change ( Anmol Publications PVT , 1998 ) .
[ 6 ]
Schneider made this statement in an interview with Discover magagzine , October 1989 .
[ 7 ]
The text of the shamefully unscientific AAAS resolution , which closely follows Mead ’s 1975 prescription , reads in part :
“ The scientific evidence is clear : global climate change caused by human activities is occurring now , and it is a growing threat to society .
Accumulating data from across the globe reveal a wide array of effects : rapidly melting glaciers , destabilization of major ice sheets , increases in extreme weather , rising sea level , shifts in species ranges , and more .
The pace of change and the evidence of harm have increased markedly over the last five years .
The time to control greenhouse gas emissions is now .
“ The atmospheric concentration of carbon dioxide , a critical greenhouse gas , is higher than it has been for at least 650,000 years .
The average temperature of the Earth is heading for levels not experienced for millions of years … .
As expected , intensification of droughts , heat waves , floods , wildfires , and severe storms is occurring , with a mounting toll on vulnerable ecosystems and societies .
These events are early warning signs of even more devastating damage to come , some of which will be irreversible .
“ Delaying action to address climate change will increase the environmental and societal consequences as well as the costs … .
Developing clean energy technologies will provide economic opportunities and ensure future energy supplies .
“ The growing torrent of information presents a clear message : we are already experiencing global climate change .
It is time to muster the political will for concerted action .
Stronger leadership at all levels is needed .
The time is now .
We must rise to the challenge .
We owe this to future generations . ”
[ 8 ] www.annonline.com/interviews/961217/
[ 9 ]
Woodwell ’s original article is “ DDT Residues in an East Coast Estuary : A Case of Biological Concentration of a Persistent Insecticide , ” Science , May 12 , 1967 , pp. 821-824 .
His admission that there was only 1 pound of DDT found per acre appears in the transcript of the EPA ’s 1972 hearings on DDT , p. 7,232 .
He also managed to measure DDT in the forests at a site near an airstrip where crop-dusting airplanes tested and calibrated their DDT spraying equipment .
[ 10 ] Woodwell ’s commentary in the Independent , Jan. 16 , 2006 , summarizes his views .
The findings would have seemed highly unlikely at the beginning of 2009 , when house prices were tumbling and past experience suggested that it would take some years for the property market to find its feet again .
However , the combination of record low interest rates and a series of Government programmes to support homeowners have helped prices to turn around far quicker than expected .
The Wide Field and Planetary Camera 2 , along with the “ contact lens ” that corrected the defect in the Hubble Space Telescope ’s primary mirror will have a new home .
Recently returned to Earth after more than 15 years in space , the two instruments will have a new home in the Smithsonian ’s National Air and Space Museum in Washington .
Astronauts on the Hubble servicing mission in May 2009 replaced WFPC - 2 with a new and improved version , bringing the well - used camera back to Earth .
“ This was the camera that saved Hubble , ” said Ed Weiler , from NASA ’s Science Mission Directorate .
“ I have looked forward for a long time to stand in front of this very instrument while on display to the public . ”
WFPC - 2 , and the Corrective Optics Space Telescope Axial Replacement , or COSTAR , gave Hubble the ability to take the images that have changed the way we see the Universe by providing the iconic images that now adorn posters , album covers , the Internet , classrooms and science text books worldwide .
The Hubble instruments will be on display in the National Air and Space Museum ’s Space Hall through mid-December .
They then will travel to Southern California to go on temporary display at several venues .
In March 2010 , the instruments will return to the Smithsonian Air and Space Museum , where they will take up permanent residency .
After Hubble ’s launch and deployment aboard the shuttle in 1990 , scientists realized the telescope ’s primary mirror had a flaw , known as a spherical aberration .
The outer edge of the mirror was ground
too flat by a depth of 2.2 microns , roughly equal to one - fiftieth the thickness of a human hair .
This tiny flaw resulted in fuzzy images because some of the light from the objects being studied was scattered .
Hubble ’s first servicing mission provided the telescope with hardware that basically acted as eye glasses .
Launched in December 1993 aboard space shuttle Endeavour , the mission added the WFPC - 2 , about the size of a baby grand piano , and COSTAR , about the size of a telephone booth .
The WFPC - 2 had the optical fix built in , while the COSTAR provided the optical correction for other Hubble instruments .
The WFPC - 2 made more than 135,000 observations of celestial objects from 1993 to 2009 .
The camera was the longest serving and most prolific instrument aboard Hubble .
“ For years the Wide Field and Planetary Camera 2 has been taking pictures of the universe , ” said John Trauger of NASA ’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , Calif .
“ Today , we are taking pictures of the
WFPC - 2 and I guess if there was ever a camera that deserves to have its picture taken , this is it . ”
Student falsely accused of raping woman changed his identity to start new life abroad
Free : Peter Bacon , pictured with a friend , leaving court after his acquittal in March
Falsely accused of raping a lawyer after a drunken one - night stand , Peter Bacon thought his torment was over when a jury took just 45 minutes to clear him .
But seven months after he walked free , the 26 - year - old claims he has been forced to change his identity and , despite his acquittal , says he still feels he is being punished .
He says the fact he was not given anonymity by the courts means his name continues to be linked to a crime that never happened .
However , his accuser - who admitted in court she was ' a recreational binge drinker ' - was automatically granted lifelong anonymity as an alleged rape victim .
A student at the time he was charged , the former Mr Bacon decided to change his name by deed poll before he graduated , so his previous identity would not appear on his degree certificate .
After changing the name on his passport , National Insurance and social networking websites , he now plans to leave the country to start a new life .
Explaining his decision to change his name before leaving Canterbury University in June , he said : ' If I did n't do it before graduating then I could n't do it because I would n't be able to use my degree certificate without having to explain why I changed my name . '
He added that he did not attend the graduation ceremony in order to avoid ' a whole load of awkward questions ' .
He gained a second class degree in sociology .
The former chef was charged with raping a woman following a night of heavy drinking in February last year , but jurors returned a unanimous not guilty verdict at Winchester Crown Court in March .
During the trial it was claimed the woman was so drunk she was incapable of giving consent to sex and he took advantage of this .
The defendant told the court that the woman , 45 , whose identity was never revealed for legal reasons , had encouraged him and had consented to sex .
Describing his change of identity , he told BBC Radio 5 Live : ' I 've changed my passport , I 've changed my taxes , my National Insurance , my NHS records - everything basically .
I 've done Hotmail and Facebook .
' It is strange seeing a new name I suppose , but I 've had a few months now to get used to it . [ But ]
I still have n't got used to it in a social sense because none of my friends call me by my new name . '
Mr Bacon said despite being acquitted , having his name connected to the incident was ' nightmarish ' .
He added : ' It does n't matter , really , what the outcome was , it 's the fact that you 've been connected to it . '
Asked if he felt like an innocent man , he replied : ' Yeah , but punished all the same .
It just seems to be that a load of doors are closed to me because of this , even though I 've done nothing wrong . '
After he was acquitted , Mr Bacon 's solicitor said : ' This case seriously calls into question the lack of anonymity for people like Peter who have been wrongfully accused of rape , and who are ultimately acquitted . '
The woman 's claims that she could remember nothing of her alleged rape also raised questions about why the Crown Prosecution Service decided to continue with the case , at an estimated cost of £ 90,000 to the taxpayer .
The woman said she found Mr Bacon in her bed one morning with no memory of what had happened .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Days before unveiling its latest recovery plan , Chrysler Group has extended a buyout program to 23,000 U.S. workers in an effort to further trim its workforce .
In a statement , Chrysler said workers have until Nov. 13 to accept the proposal , and that the company would determine who qualifies for it depending on operational needs .
The company said termination dates would be at its discretion .
The automaker said special programs were being offered at facilities that are being forced to close as a result of the bankruptcy process that occurred earlier this year .
The deadline for accepting those programs depends on the facility , Chrysler said .
Chrysler emerged from Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in June , saying it would close some of its U.S. plants as part of the reorganization .
Its ownership is a group that includes the Italian automaker Fiat , the U.S. government , the United Auto Workers union 's retiree trust and the Canadian and Ontario governments .
On Wednesday , Chrysler will reveal its plans for the next five years , which are expected to include more collaboration with Fiat on cars similar to those sold by the Italian company in Europe .
-- CNN's Jesse Solomon contributed to this story
TEGUCIGALPA , Nov 20 ( Reuters ) - A Honduran television station that backs deposed President Manuel Zelaya accused the de facto government of interfering with its broadcast signal on Friday , replacing news programs with cowboy movies .
The Honduran media has become a battleground between rival supporters of leftist Zelaya and the de facto government since a June 28 coup plunged the nation into political turmoil .
The director of Canal 36 blamed the programming interruption on de facto leader Roberto Micheletti , who has tightened controls over the media since taking charge of the country after the army ousted Zelaya .
A spokesman for the de facto government denied any involvement .
“ The Micheletti government is responsible , ” Esdras Amado Lopez , the channel ’s director told Radio Globo , a pro-Zelaya radio station that was broadcasting as normal .
He said the channel ’s morning news bulletin had been disrupted by intentional interference with its signal .
The channel was showing cowboy films before programming later stopped completely on Friday morning .
A Micheletti spokesman said the government “ had n’t given any order for any media to be blocked or taken off air . ”
Last week , U.S. Democratic Representative Jan Schakowsky accused the Micheletti government of disrupting Canal 36 ’s news shows since the coup in a visit to the TV station .
“ There has been a complete violation of freedom of the press , ” she told reporters .
Micheletti imposed restrictions on opposition media after Zelaya sneaked back into the country in September and sought refuge in the Brazilian Embassy .
The curbs were lifted last month following strong international criticism .
Tensions are simmering in the country in the run-up to a Nov. 29 presidential election , which Latin American governments say they will only recognize if Zelaya is reinstated until the formal end of his term in January .
In recent days , opposition media have dedicated more and more airtime to Zelaya ’s criticism of the election , which the de facto government says is vital to resolve the five - month - old political crisis .
( Reporting by Tomas Sarmiento and Gustavo Palencia , editing by Vicki Allen )
Frances Kissling , the former president of the liberal group Catholics for Choice , once told me that it was her ambition to discomfit the pope every single day .
But that ’s easier said than done .
The Vatican has erected a fortress around itself that is so formidable that it seems impregnable .
Making any impact on that protective shield is almost impossible , but I had an opportunity to try recently at the United Nations Human Rights Council in Geneva .
It was there , speaking as a representative of the International Humanist and Ethical Union , that I launched a fusillade that attempted to get the Catholic Church to face up to , and admit , its responsibilities in relation to child abuse .
Many had tried before .
Earlier this year the Ryan Report in Ireland had revealed a devastating catalogue of abuse by priests that had been compounded by a systematic cover - up by the Church and repeated attempts to belittle victims and evade compensating them .
Although this had dealt a severe blow to the Church in Ireland , the Vatican remained characteristically tight - lipped , waiting for this latest crisis to pass .
The Chamber at the UNHRC is huge and I was well back behind the international ranks of governmental and diplomatic representatives .
The chair – whom I almost needed binoculars to see – called on me to start .
The Holy See ’s representative was listening more intently than usual , presumably because he had seen my statement of charges published by the UN and , probably by then , the text of my speech which had just been released .
As far as we are aware , no one else has ever berated the Holy See from the floor of a United Nations body .
I had very little time but a lot of complaints to make , so I jumped in without ceremony .
I pointed out straight away that it was not the child abuse itself , but the Church ’s handling of it that I was addressing .
I complained about the 15 years of reports , mandatory under the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child ( UNCRC ) , that the Holy See had failed to produce .
Victims ’ suffering had been compounded by being told they were liars , and if they had received any compensation it had been minimised .
Senior clerics had been complicit in perpetuating the cycle of abuse by moving offending priests around like sinister chess pieces , and shielding them from civil authorities and likely criminal sanctions .
The Church had done everything in its power , right to the very top , to cover up a massive problem that has been around for decades – some say centuries .
I demanded full openness over abusers by the Church worldwide and for it to bring the reporting up to date .
The Holy See claims “ its jurisdiction over a territory , known as the Vatican City State , serves solely to provide a basis for its autonomy and to guarantee the free exercise of its spiritual mission ” .
It is this enigmatic nation status that affords it the maximum influence with the minimum accountability – the very antithesis of secularism and a permanent “ get out of jail free ” card .
The only law to which it is subject is international law and , as I showed at the UN , it breaks this with impunity .
Clearly it has many friends in high places .
So , I concluded by calling on the international community to hold the Holy See to account – something that it has predictably , but shamefully , failed to do .
I was shocked to find that the Holy See ’s accession to the UNCRC had been accepted despite it “ reserving ” ( excluding ) Vatican City , its entire geographical entity and we believe the very place to which all child abuse accusations are mandatorily sent .
My longer report , published by the UN , was much more specific and hard - hitting ; it detailed , for example , five Articles of the Convention I accuse the Holy See of breaking , and demonstrated that the roots of the problem go to the very highest level of the Church .
From 1981 until his promotion , Benedict has been in charge of Church discipline .
Bernard Law , the former Archbishop of Boston ( the largest American diocese ) , was heavily implicated in massive cover-ups and life became too hot for him in the US despite the personal , and foolish , intervention of John Paul II .
So , since 2004 , he has been holed up in Rome where he also enjoys Benedict ’s patronage .
Despite the huge scandal that forced Law from office , he remains a cardinal and a member of the Pontifical Council of the Family .
Revealingly , no bishop or cardinal has ever been laïcised ( sacked ) in connection with child abuse matters .
A few hours after I sat down , the Holy See exercised its Right of Reply , which was widely regarded as complacent , duplicitous and arrogant .
It thought , for example , that the addition of just one paragraph on abuse by priests in this report that is 15 years overdue would suffice .
The rebuttal then went on to claim , falsely , that US Protestants have an even worse record on child abuse .
It said the abusers were n’t paedophiles ( we never said they were ) , but homosexuals – Benedict ’s new bogey men .
The reply wilfully missed the point that sex – indeed physical or mental abuse of any kind – by anyone in authority against someone in their charge is an abuse of that authority on top of the wrongs of the act itself .
The rebuttal was an obvious attempt to deflect attention from the charges I had levelled at the Vatican by introducing other issues that had never been mentioned in the original speech .
Most significantly , not one of my many charges did they even attempt to deny – because they could n’t .
The Holy See soon realised that Archbishop Nuncio Tomasi – who had written the rebuttal – had made a spectacular misjudgement with his evasiveness and lack of compassion for the victims .
No wonder this Right of Reply was conspicuous for its absence from the Vatican ’s website .
Its press officer told a newswire ’s Vatican correspondent : “ the Vatican had chosen not to publish it , in order not to ‘ add gasoline to the fire ’ on a volatile topic . ”
The only other reaction from Rome was to describe my intervention as “ a very hard and unjust attack ” .
The media reaction , though , was far harder .
American Public Radio , for example , covered the matter in a detailed article on its website which concluded : “ let Archbishop Tomasi have the limelight and the microphone all to himself .
It is hard to imagine what the Church could possibly do to look worse than it already did in the face of a global scandal that has cost it $ 2 billion in settlements in the United States alone .
Hard to imagine ... and yet somehow , that ’s precisely what it did . ”
Neither Benedict , Tomasi nor their colleagues have yet realised just how much the Church ’s previously unquestioned authority has been eroded .
They need look no further than the 50 newspapers and major blogs in 15 countries around the world that covered this exchange , with hardly any disagreement with the stance I took .
The Tablet even ran a lead editorial lambasting Tomasi .
I want to expunge the unspoken rule that the Holy See is above criticism and encourage the international community to take its responsibilities in this respect more seriously .
The needs of children should have been the prime concern , rather than massaging the Vatican ’s ego or indulging its unquenchable appetite for power .
Clearly , the Vatican has shot itself in the foot , and I am very happy to have given them the bullet with which to do it .
The hundreds of thousands of victims of the Church ’s cruelty deserve no less .
With Australia ’s fabled National Broadband Network ( NBN ) remaining a pipe dream this Christmas with the Australian Government having failed to introduce promised NBN related Telstra split - up legislation before Parliament rose for the summer break , new news out of America raises new questions on the future success of the NBN .
US telco Verizon yesterday tested the XG - PON fiber technology in its labs and to a customer home that delivered 10 gbps downstream over its FiOS network and 2.4 gbps in upload speeds .
From the media release :
The test , conducted recently in southern Massachusetts , sets the stage for Verizon to meet the emerging customer demand for a wide variety of devices and applications that require a network capable of transmitting large amounts of data at very high speeds .
The devices and applications could include unicast HD video streaming , ultra - high - definition video , 3D video , user - generated content distribution , video conferencing , and new high - speed data services for medium - and large - business customers .
In case you missed those numbers again : Australia 100 mpbs by 2018 .
Verizon ( be it at testing , but possibly available within a few years ) 10 gbps … which is actually 10000 mpbs , that is , 100x faster that what the Australian Government is talking about delivering to Australian homes by 2018 .
To be fair to the Australian Government , the NBN ( despite a lack of firm details ) could in theory be upgraded to 10gbps in the future , but on that basis so could the Telstra and Optus networks as well ; both have n’t agreed to sell their networks into the NBN yet , with both saying they ’ll go it alone if they do n’t get good terms .
The overall problem with the NBN remains one of foresight : the Australian Government is investing AU $ 42 billion in a network that by the time it ’s switched on will be behind the rest of the world on data speeds , as it is even compared to some places today .
I ’ve said previously that I ’m not dead against the NBN , and the split up of Telstra is welcomed , but the lack of real vision , combined with a dodgy ( actually no ) business plan and the strong possibility that it will be redundant and bypassed before it ’s finished continues to cast a serious doubt on the viability of the proposal .
Published on 10 November 2009 17:04 , Adelina Marini , Sofia
The Swedish presidency again called on EU member states to take all necessary actions to ensure an agreement for the establishment of a micro financial supervision body .
After today 's ECOFIN Council the Swedish finance minister vigorously warned that by the December session of ECOFIN there must be an agreement .
" If we want to make sure that we do not want to run on new financial unbalances and new financial bubbles , a new financial infrastructure built on the Larosiere report and the important work of the Commission , is what we need at the December Council " , Mr. Borg added .
He reminded that the goo exit from the crisis needs a new financial infrastructure .
He also praised the progress achieved at ECOFIN on the establishment of macro supervision .
As a result of the financial crisis which showed considerable weaknesses in the financial supervision system not only in Europe but globally as well , the EU took several initiatives , which grew into a legal package in September .
This package includes regulations which have a direct impact and do not need to be harmonised in national legislation .
The package envisages the creation of 3 new European supervision bodies which will supervise now not only the banking system but also insurance , social securities and securities .
The European Council for Systemic Risk will be responsible for the macro supervision in the EU .
However , the Council will only have analytic functions and will see for the development of bubbles and financial imbalances .
Its conclusions , though , will be only advisable .
The biggest problem appears to be the micro supervision .
There is a lot of resistance from a number of EU member states .
Those are countries with more liberal financial markets like Britain and Luxembourg .
For this type of supervision it is planned a European System of Financial Supervisors to be established whose decisions will be legally binding .
Bulgaria in general supports the creation of supranational supervision bodies which will work in a system with the national ones .
For now it is not quite clear how the decisions will be taken - either by a normal majority or by a qualified one .
The idea of these supervision bodies is to react in cases like the following : if a mother bank starts withdrawing money from its branches , let 's say , in Bulgaria , this body will have the right to warn the financial institution in question .
If it does not take any measures , then Bulgaria might ask the Commission for help .
The countries which complain that such supervision will seriously tie their hands if they want a more flexible financial policy in case they need it .
But , on the other hand , the availability of such supervision might prevent such a need , the supporters of a tightened control say .
Statement by leaders of world 's two biggest polluters could breathe new life into Copenhagen climate change talks
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
The US and China , the world 's two biggest polluters , today said they aimed to set targets for easing greenhouse gas emissions next month , potentially breathing new life into the flagging Copenhagen climate negotiations .
Days after the US president , Barack Obama , said time to secure a legally binding agreement had run out , he and the Chinese president , Hu Jintao , agreed at a summit that they would continue to press for a comprehensive deal at Copenhagen that would " rally the world " .
" Our aim there , in support of what the prime minister [ Lars Løkke ] Rasmussen of Denmark is trying to achieve , is not a partial accord or a political declaration , but rather an accord that covers all of the issues in the negotiations and one that has immediate operational effect , " Obama said after holding talks with Hu in Beijing .
In a joint communique , the leaders said an accord in Denmark should include emission reduction targets for rich nations and a declaration of action plans to ease greenhouse gas emissions in developing countries .
Countering concerns that a non-legal deal could evade many key issues , the communique said the climate talks should also increase financial assistance to developing countries , promote technology development , help poor communities to adapt and enhance forest protection .
The two governments also signed agreements to co-operate in the field of low - carbon technology , including the establishment of a joint research centre and the promotion of " cleaner coal " power plants , green buildings and electric cars .
Hu said China and the US had agreed to expand co-operation on climate change , energy and the environment and to " help produce positive outcomes out of the Copenhagen conference " .
After weeks in which national leaders have been downplaying expectations for Copenhagen , environmental groups said today 's words from the US and China – which between them account for 40 % of the world 's emissions – had gone some way towards restoring ambitions for the summit .
They called for specific targets to be met , but said more political will was needed to ensure a successful outcome .
During wide - ranging talks with Hu , Obama raised differences over Tibet , human rights , trade and Iran .
While
Hu made a pointed reference to trade disputes , the overall focus of the two leaders was on collaboration as they lauded increased co-operation between the countries on issues such as the economy and non-proliferation .
Today 's event had been described as a press conference , but no questions were allowed .
Instead , Hu and Obama delivered brief prepared comments on their discussions , which had lasted for two and a half hours .
Obama said the relationship between the US and China went " far beyond any single issue " , while Hu described the meeting as " candid , constructive and very fruitful " .
However , he added : " I stressed to President Obama that , under current circumstances , our two countries need to oppose and reject protectionism in all its manifestations in an even stronger stand . "
Obama said China 's partnership with the US had been critical to attempts to end the recession , but again stressed the importance of balanced economic growth and pointedly praised his hosts ' commitment " to move towards a more market - oriented exchange rate over time " .
China is angry about US steel pipe and tyre tariffs , and is also concerned that the US deficit could threaten its vast dollar holdings as the largest foreign lender to the country .
The US wants China to allow further appreciation of the renminbi in order to shift the huge trade imbalance .
Hu called on the US to respect China 's " core interests " – a reference to Taiwan and Tibet .
Obama said the US accepted that Tibet was part of China , but went on to call for the early resumption of talks between Beijing and the Dalai Lama .
He also said the governments would resume their on - off human rights dialogue early next year .
Obama told reporters he had spoken to his counterpart " about Americans ' bedrock belief that all men and women possess certain fundamental human rights " and stressed that these applied to " religious and ethnic minorities " .
The US president thanked Hu for Chinese support for non-proliferation and the elimination of North Korea 's nuclear programme , and the countries are focusing on restarting the collapsed six - party talks .
However , their differences on Iran were obvious , with Obama saying Tehran " has an opportunity to present and demonstrate its peaceful intentions , but if it fails to take this opportunity , there will be consequences " .
Hu said only that the issue should be resolved through negotiations .
Iran is a long - standing ally of China .
The Chinese leader will hold a state banquet in Obama 's honour tonight .
• This article was amended on 17 November 2009 .
Due to an editing change the original named the Danish prime minister as Anders Fogh Rasmussen .
This has been corrected .
African countries have said they are prepared to provoke a major UN crisis if the US and other rich countries do not start to urgently commit themselves to deeper and faster greenhouse gas emission cuts .
In a dramatic day in Barcelona , UN officials were forced to step in after 55 African countries , in an unprecedented show of unity , called for a suspension of all further negotiations on the Kyoto protocol until substantial progress was made by rich countries on emission cuts .
Earlier , the UN chair had been forced to abandon two working groups after the Africa group refused to take part .
The African countries were supported by all other developing country blocks at the talks .
In a series of statements , the G77 plus China group of 130 nations , the Alliance of Small Island States ( Aosis ) , the Least Developed Countries ( LDC ) group , as well as Bolivia and several Latin America countries , all broadly backed the African action .
The move by developing countries reflects their deep and growing frustration over the slow progress that industrialised countries are making towards agreeing cuts .
With less than three days full negotiating time left between now and the opening of the final talks at Copenhagen , the split between rich and poor countries threatens to blow the talks fatally off course .
Bruno Sekoli , chair of the LDC group , said : " Africa and Africans are dying now while those who are historically responsible are not taking actions . "
Algeria , which chairs the Africa group , backed by representatives from Gambia and Kenya , said rich countries were " more concerned with political and economic feasibility " while the poorest were " struggling to survive " with climate change .
In a press conference , the poorest countries demanded that the rich adopt the science - backed target of a 40 % overall cut on emissions on 1990 levels .
So far , rich countries have pledged an aggregate of less than 10 % .
The US , the world 's second biggest polluter , has pledged to cut around 4 % on 1990 levels , or 17 % on 2005 levels .
In some of the most frantic diplomacy seen in the talks so far , delegates to hurriedly agreed to dedicate six of the 10 remaining negotiating sessions to discussions on mid-term emissions reductions .
The decision received widespread support from all developing countries who stressed the importance of delivering real progress .
" African countries have shown they are not going to sit back and accept a bad deal in Copenhagen , " said a spokeswomen for Oxfam international .
" The poorest countries say they are dying now and the rich are just sitting back doing nothing .
Hopefully they will take action now , " said Asad Rehman , head of international climate with Friends of the Earth .
" The world 's largest historical emitter , the US , is missing in action during the climate negotiations , on its targets , on its finance – and the developing world is rightfully calling them out on it , " said Greenpeace USA climate campaign director Damon Moglen .
" It is clear that for many countries , enough is enough .
The fact that this has come today from countries including Kenya , President Obama 's ancestral home , should be his wake - up call .
Obama can no longer hide behind failed congressional legislation .
He must provide ambitious , science - based emissions reductions targets and come to table in Copenhagen . "
The talks , which are some of the most complex ever conducted , depend on all countries eventually agreeing to everything .
They would be seriously jeopardised to the point of certain failure in Copenhagen next month if the African countries walk out again .
Fort Myers , Florida , Accident Attorney
First comes pain and shock .
Then confusion fogs your mind after a car accident or other serious personal injury .
An attorney you can speak with , face - to - face , and on a regular basis , can be absolutely critical to your financial and overall future well - being .
Tom Chase is the Only Lawyer You Will Deal With at Our Firm
When you contact the The Law Offices of Thomas C. Chase , P.A. , you will reach a lawyer who will treat your personal injury case with sensitivity and determination from the outset .
You will meet the lawyer who you will be working with throughout the entire case .
Tom is committed to hearing you out , listening to what happened and evaluating all possible means of recovery .
His many years of experience and dedication to one - on - one communication about your personal injury allow him to help you make solid legal decisions .
Investigating and Building Your Personal Injury Case
In the days before computers , Tom Chase learned to relentlessly research through law books as he prepared a case .
In fact , he won some of his first personal injury jury trials , in the historic Lee County Courthouse , after doing meticulous research the old - fashioned way .
While he now relies primarily upon technological advancements , he still uses “ old school ” research techniques to enhance the focus on the nuts and bolts of the case .
In personal injury cases , Tom will work directly with you to pursue a financial recovery that will help you :
Pay medical bills and other related health care expenses
Recover lost wages and compensation for reduced future earning capacity
Recover compensation for pain and suffering or other adverse consequences of the opposing party ’s negligence
As an avid outdoor enthusiast , Tom is accustomed to pursuing and achieving goals .
In his personal injury practice , he gets to the heart of the matter and strives to help injured people get what they deserve .
He can help you deal with the anxiety that is common in working with these issues .
Tom Chase spent more than 10 years defending the State of Florida against auto and truck accident claims .
His diverse experience has given him familiarity with how cases are defended as well as how they should be prepared for a Plaintiff .
He has respect for the insurance companies as well as the jurors who will hear your case , but refuses to be intimidated by them .
He is committed to ensuring that all of the facts are presented in the best possible way to convey the truth of the accident and the extent of your injuries .
Beware the “ Quick Settlement . ”
Do n’t Settle Your Claims Before Consulting Tom Chase
Perhaps the most common and regrettable mistake people make after suffering a serious personal injury — or losing a loved one in a case of wrongful death — is accepting a quick insurance settlement .
Insurance carriers often make “ quick offers to settle , ” motivated by the knowledge that you are vulnerable , overwhelmed , confused and many times under the influence of prescription pain killers your doctors have provided .
They know that an attorney will likely recover more than you would be able to negotiate on your own .
As one of the first ten Supreme Court Certified mediators , Tom strives to make your case understandable to all involved in the process .
Capable Second Opinions
If something does not seem right with the evaluation of your case or the amount of personal service you are receiving from another lawyer , feel free to discuss your case with Tom Chase in a free consultation and case evaluation .
It will cost you nothing to seek his professional , experienced opinion about your personal injury case .
Here to Guide and Protect
Tom is quick to reveal the hidden costs and risks inherent in pursuit of a personal injury claim .
Experienced lawyer Thomas C. Chase receives a fee only if you recover damages in your personal injury case .
Contact our law offices today for a free initial consultation and a straightforward , informed , evaluation of your options .
Many claimants initially express unrealistic expectations from a case , perhaps influenced by television or media reports .
It is important to have a very frank and realistic view of your case ’s value .
All text formatting errors are wholly the fault of Jim Baen for the inspired training he gave his authors :-)
Thanks for everything , Jim .
BUDAPEST ( Reuters ) -
The world financial system is broken but the time is not yet right for permanent reform as near - equilibrium conditions have to be reached first , billionaire investor George Soros said on Tuesday .
Billionaire investor George Soros arrives at an event sponsored by the Central European University to deliver the first of five lectures on the global economy and financial markets in Budapest October 26 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Karoly Arvai
Future reforms might need to include restricting or banning some derivatives like credit default swaps ( CDSs ) and knockout options which could create hidden imbalances , Soros said in a lecture in Budapest .
Soros said the economy has to be first stabilized through increasing state debt and expanding the monetary base and only afterwards should the monetary base be reduced and the regulatory framework revamped .
“ We are still in the first phase of this delicate maneuver , ” Soros said .
“ This is not the right time to enact permanent reforms . ”
“ The financial system and the economy are very far from equilibrium and they cannot be brought back to near - equilibrium conditions by a straightforward corrective move , ” Soros said .
Soros added that once the financial system reached a state of near - equilibrium , regulatory authorities must take an active role in preventing asset bubbles , even at the cost of erring at times .
“ Since markets are bubble - prone , the financial authorities have to accept responsibility for preventing bubbles from growing too big , ” Soros said .
“ Authorities have to accept the assignment , knowing full well that they will not be able to meet it without mistakes . ”
Soros said a key task will be controlling the availability of credit through variable margin and capital requirements while certain financial instruments also need to be reformed .
“ Certain derivatives , like CDSs ( credit default swaps ) and knockout options , are particularly prone to create hidden imbalances , therefore they must be regulated and , if appropriate , restricted or forbidden , ” Soros said .
Soros said the new regulatory framework would reduce the profitability of the bank sector but this has to wait until the sector is fully back on its feet .
“ To reduce their profitability now would be directly counter - productive , ” Soros said .
“ Regulatory reform has to await the second phase , when the money supply needs to be brought under control , and it needs to be carefully phased in so as not to disrupt recovery . ”
Soros said there were imbalances in the global financial system now due to quantitative easing and the availability of free financing .
He also said that once the economy stabilizes , authorities should shrink the monetary base as fast as credit revives , as otherwise deflation will be replaced by inflation .
A whitewash , a cover - up , " an establishment stitch - up " , as David Cameron puts it : never has any investigation been so damned in advance as the Chilcot inquiry .
And its composition did not suggest any lively zeal to expose the iniquity of the Iraq war , or the misdeeds of the last prime minister .
Himself the mandarins ' mandarin , Sir John Chilcot was the very model of a modern permanent under - secretary , and then " staff counsellor " to MI6 .
Two of his team , Sir Lawrence Freedman and Sir Martin Gilbert , have been denounced as " Zionists " by Richard Ingrams , which may be less to the point than the fact that Freedman wrote speeches for Tony Blair , or that Gilbert , Winston Churchill 's official biographer , had earlier compared Blair with Churchill .
And the questioning of Sir John Scarlett , the former intelligence chief deeply complicit in the false prospectus for the war , was absurdly tame .
But you never can tell .
Even before Blair appears in person , the inquiry has already been excruciating for him .
Not only has such reputation for either honesty or judgement as he still possessed been shredded , while the ambassadors and generals settle the score .
What has been less noticed is that , partly thanks to Chilcot and partly to other events , every single reason Blair ever entertained for the Iraq war has disintegrated .
That means not only the arguments made to Parliament and people , but also his private convictions .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
By now we know not only that Saddam Hussein had no so - called weapons of mass destruction , but also that there was little real ground for saying that he did , something that witnesses at Chilcot have been rubbing in .
Sir William Ehrman was director of intelligence at the Foreign Office in 2002 - 04 , and says Downing Street was continually warned how limited " WMD " intelligence really was and that " Iraq might lack warheads capable of effective dispersal " , the opposite of what Blair was then telling us .
But what of Blair 's larger motives ?
He had become a great proponent of the doctrine of liberal or humanitarian intervention .
Ten years ago , after the Chicago speech which preached that doctrine and the Kosovo operation which practised it , he enjoyed a blissful heyday , hailed by American liberals as " the prime minister of the United States " , or even , in Paul Berman 's words , " the leader of the free world " .
That Chicago speech was a lucid exposition , no doubt because it was largely written by Freedman .
" How do we decide when and whether to intervene ? "
Blair asked , and said that we must be " sure of our case ... have we exhausted all diplomatic options ?
... are there military operations we can sensibly and prudently undertake ?
... are we prepared for the long term ?
... and finally , do we have national interests involved ? "
Since he asked , we can now ask in return :
Were all those conditions fulfilled four years later in Iraq ?
Was any ?
And how does this look now ?
Those who follow the doings and sentiments of Labour agree that , little as that bedraggled and demoralised party is now sure what it stands for , everyone acknowledges that liberal interventionism is dead and buried .
For a time Blair also persuaded his credulous followers that the invasion would revive the " peace process " and lead to a just settlement of the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
That has proved even more of a tragic illusion , which is one reason why watching Barack Obama in Oslo on Thursday was almost unbearable , quiet apart from the fact that a man who had just increased hostilities in a barely justifiable and very likely unwinnable war trying to explain why he should accept the Nobel Peace Prize .
What was even more dispiriting was to compare his flowery words with what an unnamed western ambassador in Israel was quoted as saying on the BBC World Service the other day : President Obama and Hillary Clinton had between them " driven the peace process into a ditch " .
The bleak truth is that a settlement is much further off today than 10 years ago .
Above all , Blair had one deep personal conviction , that it was his duty to support Washington .
As he said just before the invasion , " It would be more damaging to long - term world peace and security if the Americans alone defeated Saddam Hussein . "
His mission was to embrace Bush so as to " keep the United States in the international system " .
And so the most devastating evidence of all heard by Chilcot has described Blair 's sheer servility when dealing with George Bush – and the way that he received nothing whatever in return .
The British were deeply concerned about the legality of the war , and about post - war planning , or the lack of it .
Washington paid no attention whatever .
As Sir Christopher Meyer , the ambassador in Washington at the time , told Chilcot , Blair again and again failed to get any get quid pro quo from Bush .
Blair did n't even use such influence as he had when – this a sign of American gratitude for his support after 11 September – Congress imposed tariffs likely to destroy what was left of the British steel industry .
Worse still , any attempt by Blair 's to revive the peace process " failed miserably " , in Meyer 's brutal words : " We could have achieved more by playing a tougher role . "
Blair could have told Bush he would not commit British troops " unless we have palpable progress on the peace process " .
And in the unkindest cut of all , Meyer added , " I think Margaret Thatcher would have ... insisted on a coherent political and diplomatic strategy . "
While Tony Blair sees his reputation being trashed daily , he may dimly perceive that the interventionist doctrine he once espoused is utterly discredited .
As he sits in Jerusalem on his futile mission , he can see , if he bothers to look , that the peace process is dead .
When he visits JP Morgan 's Wall Street office to collect his sinecure , or when – more bizarrely – he lectures on ethics at Yale , he might recall what Gerhard Schröder said about " the ' special relationship ' so special that only the English know it exists " , a truth Blair has dramatically personified .
A well - worn line says that all political careers end in failure .
Has any ever ended in such failure as this ?
Geoffrey Wheatcroft 's books include Yo , Blair ! , published by Politico 's Publishing
But every now and then the fates grant those who flagrantly disregard their own well - being with a second chance .
Sometimes people do things that are less than brilliant .
For every Joseph Lister developing important advances in sterile surgery , there is a Randy Quaid sticking lit firecrackers into his own urethra .
5 Suicide Cures Depression
Meet The Major , a 55 - year - old British army veteran and known asshole who , after returning to civilian life , became " bad- tempered and depressed " ( which seems to indicate that he was probably Irish ) .
He began drinking excessively and slid further and further into debt until one morning he got out of bed , dressed himself sharply , combed his hair neatly and shot himself through the brain with a .38 revolver .
HOO -AH !
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Then he cooked breakfast .
His wife found him later that morning ( either he used a silencer or she is totally deaf ) eating calmly with blood leaking out of both sides of his head .
She called a doctor , but there was n't a whole lot more he could do other than swab out the bullet holes and try to keep the Major 's brain from sliding out like a Go - Gurt stick .
To help you fully visualize that horrifying analogy .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The Major was kept at the hospital as an inpatient for five months , during which time he recovered nicely but was a bit disoriented , which is to be expected after a piece of metal rockets through your skull at the speed of sound .
Once he was released , the Major no longer suffered from his previous symptoms of depression , moodiness and delusions .
He did n't even remember shooting himself and denied it had ever happened .
In a twist that you would call bullshit on if you saw it in a movie , his attempt at suicide had apparently cured his mental disorder and he lived happily ever after .
Seriously , what are the odds ?
Once upon a time , you could measure our nation ’s wellbeing by the state of our fast food .
Our borders are safe , our jobs are secure , and our jolly , paunchy president is getting his pipes cleaned on the reg ?
Well then , happy beneficiary of a society boldly marching toward millennial renaissance — treat your sophisticated palate to an Arch Deluxe , the burger made to satisfy the sophisticated tastes of adults with both checking and savings accounts !
Have you awoken to a red dawn of nagging dread , economic uncertainty , and a crisis in faith — not only in your leadership , but in the basic decency of your fellow man , a systematic societal breakdown that has you mentally prepping for a doomsday scenario where you ’re forced to subsist on a diet of water leaking from broken air conditioners and lawn - clipping stew ?
Well , my negative friend : Pepare for the inexorable march of apocalypse by self - flagellating daily with a Salad Shaker !
Unsure whether health care reform is a matter of universal urgency , or simply a smokescreen for the installation of roving federal death camps euthanizing anyone with the sniffles ?
Have a KFC Double Down , and let ’s see how you vote tomorrow .
In short , fast food is a normally reliable bellwether of the public mood :
When we ’re content , we treat ourselves ; when we ’re stumbling and uncertain , it ’s punishin ’ time .
And judging by McDonald ’s Mac Snack Wrap — introduced this past spring , but only now slowly oozing its way south toward Buzzkills country — we ’ve apparently , finally , totally just given the fuck up .
Advertisement
No more subtext ; no more pretending .
McDonald ’s is looking us collectively square in the eye and saying , “ This is a healthy version of the Big Mac . ”
And here we are , gazing back at them dejectedly , barely muttering , “ OK , sure , fine , whatever ” as flies crawl across our slackened cheeks , sucking up the saline left by our long - dried tears .
“ Did you hear us ? ” McDonald ’s says , snapping its fingers in our line of sight , briefly startling the flies , who circle angrily before reappointing themselves .
“ We said it ’s a ‘ wrap ’ — just , uh , like all those awesome , weight - reducing , sandwich alternatives everyone was championing back during the Atkins craze .
And we ’re also calling it a ‘ snack , ’ which means we ’re pitching this as a perfectly acceptable thing to eat between meals , and as an addition to your normal daily caloric intake , which we do n’t believe to be at cross purposes at all . ”
Taking only the shallowest of breaths , our pupils randomly dilating and contracting and no longer responsive to external stimuli , we take a wheezing hit of oxygen and — like the death rattle of an invalid who shat out his lower organs months ago — we exhale a raspy , “ Sounds good .
What ’s in it ? ”
“ Well , it ’s basically a wrap version of our popular Big Mac sandwich , ” McDonald ’s says , its brow briefly furrowing , a confusing combination of pity and disgust roiling deep within as a long strand of drool pitches , fountain - like , over our cracked lower lip and then begins pooling on our thigh , upon which a bold fly dives right in and starts doing his best “ Anita Ekberg in La Dolce Vita ” to the amusement of the rest of his swarm .
“ So , uh , you know …
That means it has two all - beef patties , special sauce , lettuce , cheese , pickles , and onions ” — McDonald ’s pauses , noticing we ’re unconsciously , soundlessly mouthing along to the familiar jingle , jaws moving fruitlessly , like a calf suckling on the dried and dusty udder of its mother cow who died days earlier from dehydration — “ but , we ’ve replaced the sesame seed bun with — get this — a flour tortilla !
Which makes it a wrap , see ? ”
Advertisement
McDonald ’s smiles broadly , gamely , but it quickly becomes a plastic grimace , and not the fun , purple , pansexual kind .
“ Mmmmm , ” we say flatly , drawing out the last syllable in a parody of the pleasure we ’ve long since lost the ability to feel .
“ Mmmmm , ” we moan , signifying both happiness and torment simultaneously , unable to tell the difference anymore .
“ Um , yeah , ” says McDonald ’s , visibly uncomfortable .
“ And when you unwrap it , it looks like this ! ”
Advertisement
Image via EatMeDaily.com
There is a pregnant pause .
Anticipating a struggle , McDonald ’s stares back at our glassy , noncommittal expression expectantly , ever more pitch lines at the ready : “ It ’s a great way to eat a Big Mac on the go ! ” “ At just $ 1.49 , it ’s a delicious anytime treat ! ” “ It ’s sort of like a Big Mac Burrito , except we test - marketed that name and it caused people to spontaneously retch all over our two - way mirrors , so we went with this ! ”
But there ’s nothing in our faces except browbeaten assent , a weary acceptance that this is what we ’ve been reduced to : seeing our decades - old hamburgers mushed up into tortillas , special sauce and all , and regurgitated back at us as the “ food of today ” with a faddish name , with no attempt whatsoever to justify the shameful injustices visited upon two harmless cuisines in the name of intellectual laziness , and the whole thing indifferently marketed with nothing but clear contempt for the consumer .
There is a long , palpably thick silence .
Even the flies seem to momentarily cease their humming , sensing the rising tension .
Advertisement
“ Mmmmaargh , ” we finally mumble in response — an inarticulate string of phlegmatic vowel sounds by which we mean , “ Hey , yeah , why stop there ?
Why not Chicken McNugget Shamrock Shakes ?
Why not the Filet O’ Fish McGriddle With Gravy ?
Why not a big ol ' sack of lumpy meat ovoids and potato polygons , scooped up and served moldering in a sack of fried chicken scrapings covered in Sweet ’ N ’ Sour sauce ?
Why not take whatever fucking odds and ends you ’ve been glumly pushing around the deep fryer for the last half - century or so , cram them together into one fist - sized ball , and punch us in the gut with it ?
What are you waiting for , McDonald’s ?
Do n’t you know we ’ll buy it anyway ?
Do n’t you know we long ago lost the ability to feel anything other than the enervating ennui of a life lived in the unsatisfying pursuit of shallow instant gratification ?
What are you waiting for , huh ?!
Huh , McDonald’s ?
Why do n’t you do it !
Do it ! ”
But what it actually sounds like is , “ Sure , I ’ll try anything once , ” and it comes out in a gossamer whisper that ’s lighter even than the fart of the fly that ’s currently checking out our molars .
Near the saliva crystallizing on our pants , our hands unconsciously curl and flex into a “ burrito ” shape .
We ’re primed .
We give .
And McDonald ’s slowly puts its hands on its knees and exhales deeply , visibly inscrutable but internally rattled , because it knows a dying animal when it sees one .
And in a way , it ’s a little sad , because it knows those just are n’t as much fun to kick .
The moment Patrick Stewart arrives for our interview , he 's a little agitated .
Immediately , he relocates us from the rather chilly hotel bar to the much - warmer parlour .
He sits down , orders a pot of tea and lets out a sigh .
" Last Wednesday , I stupidly dropped my iPhone in the bath , and my life has sort of spiralled almost out of control . "
While I sympathise with the situation , I must confess there 's something faintly amusing about the man who played Jean - Luc Picard , the captain of the Starship Enterprise in Star Trek : The Next Generation , being stumped by a waterlogged phone .
" The only still centre of my life is Macbeth , " he adds .
" To go back to doing this bloody , crazed , insane mass - murderer is a huge relief after trying to get my cell phone replaced . "
Stewart is currently filming a version of Shakespeare 's Scottish play , which is why he is holed up in a hotel , just a few miles outside of Worksop , on the edge of Sherwood Forest .
Fortunately , he arrives sans costume , instead dressed anonymously in jeans and a grey jumper .
Yet even if he'd worn his blood - spattered robes , your eye would still be first drawn to what one interviewer described as " the most famous cranium in the world " .
Bald since he was 19 – alopecia runs in his family – this accident of fate has since defined him .
Now 69 , there are wrinkles , of course , especially around his eyes , and a caterpillar of a grey moustache , but it's this glorious , shapely , shiny head that you find yourself studying .
It has lent Stewart an almost alien - like quality that made him perfect casting for Star Trek , but it 's been equally useful in portraying people of power – his Lenin in the 1970s mini-series Fall of Eagles springs to mind .
As for Macbeth , he first played the king back in 2007 , at the Chichester Theatre Festival , before it transferred to the West End , winning Stewart a Best Actor gong at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards .
The play then went to New York , where Stewart was nominated for a Tony .
Now getting the small - screen treatment , with the original cast and director reunited , it 's little wonder Stewart calls the project a " no- brainer " .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Before that , however , comes Hamlet – a similarly filmed - on - location version that reunites the personnel behind the Royal Shakespeare Company 's 2008 production , which featured Doctor Who star David Tennant as the titular Prince of Denmark .
With Stewart reprising his dual roles – as Claudius and the ghost of Hamlet 's father – television audiences will get a chance to see them recreate their stage magic when it 's shown on BBC2 this Christmas .
With " a very brilliant and popular actor " like Tennant – Stewart is rubbing his hands with glee – " it 's possible you might end up with [ viewing ] numbers that are unprecedented for any production of Hamlet in the history of the world .
It 's possible .
Would n't that be great ? "
As he talks , Stewart 's eyes
light up , energised by all this talk of Shakespeare and the stage .
" The past five years have been the best years of my life and career , " he tells me , something he attributes to his return to England and the theatre in 2003 .
By this point , he had been living in Los Angeles for nigh - on 17 years .
After arriving to play Picard in 1987 for a show many advised him would be cancelled after one year , he wound up completing seven seasons and four films .
Added to this , he landed the plum role of Professor Charles Xavier in Bryan Singer 's comic - book blockbuster X - Men and its two sequels – and Stewart was a star .
He was " living a very pleasant lifestyle " , he says , and then he got a call to return to the London stage to appear in a production of Ibsen 's The Master Builder .
" I took it up , not realising then how that experience would bring to the surface my discontent with the work I was doing in Hollywood and my unease about the prospects that lay ahead of me , " he says .
So he was n't satisfied with appearing in the X - Men franchise ?
" No , no ! " he cries , sounding horrified .
He had even stopped buying English newspapers , for fear of seeing advertisements for plays he felt a yearning to be in .
" I had come to the point when I realised it was unlikely that my film career was going to move beyond a certain level of role .
And I was – because I had graphic instances of it – handicapped by the success of Star Trek .
A director would say , ' I do n't want Jean - Luc Picard in my movie ' – and this was compounded by X - Men as well . "
At the time , Stewart 's second marriage – to Wendy Neuss , one of the producers of Star Trek – had come to an end after just three years .
But long before this he had dreamed of returning to England , and in particular to the countryside of Gloucestershire , Warwickshire and Oxfordshire , which he fell in love with during the 15 - odd years he worked for the Royal Shakespeare Company , pre-Picard .
" My fantasy had always been that I would end up with a nice little house somewhere in the Cotswolds .
And I would literally put myself to sleep at night in Los Angeles , by creating a virtual imagined home .
Where would I live ?
What part of the Cotswolds ?
What sort of house would it be ?
And added to that , I would drive from my house to Stratford every day where I 'd have some nice parts to play . "
Stewart got his wish , rejoining the RSC after The Master Builder , and going on to play Mark Antony in Antony and Cleopatra and Prospero in The Tempest .
Since then , he 's barely stopped .
" The fact is , I 'm getting more out of acting than I ever have , " he says , wedging one foot against the radiator .
" I 'm enjoying it more and I 'm actually having more fun in every possible way .
I think I possibly took everything too seriously for far too long . "
He credits his colleagues on Star Trek for helping him loosen up .
" I think it 's a healthy way to be .
I think I came back from America a funnier and nicer person than I went . "
Certainly , after voicing characters in The Simpsons and Family Guy , as well as appearing on Frasier and Ricky Gervais 's Extras , this can't be denied .
Stewart attributes his earnest nature to his childhood , growing up with two older brothers in the Yorkshire town of Mirfield .
" I never had teenage years , " he says , quietly .
He was made head boy a year early – " I guess because I was seen to be more adult than anybody around me " – and left school at 15 to become a cub reporter on his local paper , The Mirfield Reporter .
But he had already discovered acting – after a teacher had encouraged him – and his journalism career was short - lived : the editor gave him an ultimatum when he realised that his employee was spending all of his time at the local theatre .
" I left the paper that afternoon , " grins Stewart .
" I packed up my typewriter and walked out . "
It set Stewart on his way .
He won a scholarship to the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School before joining the RSC in 1966 , in his mid-twenties .
Yet if anything turned Stewart into an adult before his time , it was his life at home .
His father , a former regimental sergeant major in the British Army , was prone to outbursts of " repeated violence against my mother " , as Stewart wrote in a recent newspaper piece .
" I wrote the article for my mother , who has been dead for decades , " he explains .
Stewart has recently become a patron for Refuge , the organisation dedicated to providing shelter for those suffering from domestic abuse .
" There are women just like my mother who can now take an initiative to protect themselves or to remove themselves from these situations , which my mother could n't .
And that makes it worthwhile . "
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
I wonder whether his relationship with his father improved when he finally left home .
" Yes .
It did , " he replies , without flinching .
" He was a very charming , charismatic man , and a great storyteller .
But I have only recently come to understand that after I left home , the abuse continued for a long time , and I was n't aware of it .
One carries a certain amount of guilt and remorse for that , for not knowing , and not having done something about it at the time ...
The interesting thing is , my brother and I were talking about it this weekend .
There are people we know who would 've read that article and said it was a pack of lies .
They would never believe that he could be responsible for those things . "
As Stewart explains , in 1945 , his father " was a superstar " in the Army .
" He was so respected , and admired and feared , too . "
But then he had to return to work in a series of semi- skilled labouring jobs .
Stewart says he was a " weekend alcoholic " : it was " the combination of alcohol and his profound frustration as a man " that led him to violence towards his wife .
Even so , it 's clear Stewart feels like he has n't told the whole story .
" I wrote in an e-mail to somebody the other day that in a way what I 'd like to do now is write another article , listing all the great things I got from my father : discipline , organisation , ambition , storytelling and socialism . "
A committed trade unionist , Stewart 's father instilled his political beliefs in his son from an early age .
The actor recalls being a six - year - old boy , standing outside a polling station in Dewsbury , supporting the election of local Labour MP William Paling .
" It was my first act of civil disobedience , " he grins .
" This policeman told me to walk along or he'd tell my father . "
Ever since , Stewart has been " an absolute fundamental , emotional socialist " and a lifelong Labour supporter .
How does he feel , given there 's a strong chance the Conservative Party could win the next election ?
" I 'm horrified .
For one thing , I know the country will regret it , very , very quickly . "
What does he think of Tory leader David Cameron ?
" I wish I knew more about David , " he sighs .
" Maybe we will learn more about their policies in time to come .
But I see a lack of substance and a kind of fence - sitting about issues that makes me very nervous .
And I can't help feeling that good , old Conservative values will come to be paramount ...
We will return to some of the worst of the Thatcher years .
I just do n't trust what I see or hear . "
Nevertheless , he 's still committed to living in Britain , despite currently dating the Brooklyn - based jazz singer Sunny Ozell , whom he met when he was performing Macbeth in New York .
Not unlike his previous girlfriend , British actress Lisa Dillon , Ozell is some 37 years his junior .
While the tabloids had a field day with this , Stewart maintains he just does n't meet women of his own age .
At any rate , he 's evidently smitten .
" We are trying to come to terms with the business of being separated by 3,000 miles of ocean . "
It does mean he 'll also be able to hook up with his son Daniel , the product – along with his daughter Sophia – of his first marriage to Sheila Falconer , a former choreographer with the Bristol Old Vic , which came to an end in 1990 after 24 years .
Now an actor , Daniel is currently in rehearsals with the New Jersey Shakespeare Festival in a production of Twelfth Night , playing Malvolio , a role Stewart himself took on back in 2007 .
Having also appeared in an episode of Star Trek , playing Picard 's son , it seems Daniel is destined literally to follow in his father 's footsteps .
Stewart admits he was " horrified " when his son announced he was going to be an actor , but there was little he could do .
Plus , he felt some guilt around his relationship with his children .
" I could 've done better as a parent , when my kids were little , " he says , referring to his time at the RSC in the 1970s before he began to win television roles on dramas like Tinker , Tailor , Soldier , Spy and I , Claudius .
" I was just obsessed with my work and everything else took second place .
I 'm trying to correct that now wherever possible with my grandchildren [ he has four ] .
And my own children seem to have forgiven me . "
Yet Stewart is still devoted to his work .
" Thank God I have the energy , and the passion has never gone away , " he says .
He recently finished a successful 22 - week run of Samuel Beckett 's Waiting for Godot , alongside Sir Ian McKellen , and took off an " unprecedented " 10 weeks .
He 's already thinking ahead to next year , when he will appear in two as - yet - unannounced plays , one of which will see him reprising a role he played 25 years ago .
But despite loving the new Star Trek film , the one thing Stewart wo n't be doing is making a return to the franchise , he insists .
" The thing about Star Trek is that you 're never dead , really .
There 's always a way of bringing somebody back to life .
It would be fun .
But I think we 've all hung up our space suits for the last time . "
For a long while , slipping on his dancing shoes seemed more likely .
An avid fan of the BBC's Strictly Come Dancing – having danced with legendary Leslie Caron in 1995 film Let It Be Me – Stewart toyed with the idea of being a contestant .
" I rather fancied myself taking part in that .
But it 's a huge commitment – and one I might 've been prepared to give , but I think it 's too late now . "
Then he lets me in on a secret .
He 'd also love to be a contestant on Maestro , the BBC reality show that followed eight celebrities in their battle to conduct an orchestra .
" I think it was the only time in my life that I programmed my Sky Plus thing .
I never missed an episode .
When it finished , I thought , ' That 's the reality show I want to be in .
What a thrill ! ' "
He got the bug after being invited to conduct the University of Michigan marching band – at half time during a college football match – while over there performing Shakespeare .
Should Maestro return to the screens , Stewart says he 's " pitched " himself to be in it .
Something makes me think he'd do rather well .
' Hamlet ' screens on BBC2 on 26 December and will be available on BBC DVD from 4 January , priced £ 19.99
BOSTON ( Reuters ) -
The developer of the widely used Flash programing language has devised a way to translate its code to run on Apple Inc ’s iPhone -- a move that could dramatically boost the variety of applications for the iPhone .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
Programs written with Adobe Systems Inc ’s Flash programing language currently cannot run on Apple ’s popular smart phone .
Adobe has spent several years trying without success to persuade Apple to make technical changes to the device ’s software that would make it possible for Flash programs to run on the iPhone .
In the absence of an agreement with Apple , Adobe announced on Monday that it will introduce a tool that lets computer programmers easily convert software applications that they write in the Flash programing language to code that will work on the iPhone .
Flash is designed so that programmers can write one set of code that run on multiple types of computers and mobile devices , including ones using software from Google Inc , Microsoft Corp , Nokia and Palm Inc .
The iPhone has been the only major handset provider that has declined to collaborate with Adobe .
The new option that Adobe announced on Monday will allow developers to create a second piece of software that they can distribute through Apple ’s App store .
“ It ’s basically an export capability , ” said Adrian Ludwig , a manager with Adobe ’s Flash group .
He said in an interview that Apple has yet to agree to work with Adobe to clear two key technical hurdles that would enable Flash applications to run on the iPhone .
“ The ball is in their court at this point .
We ’ve been very blunt about what we need and what we are requesting , ” Ludwig said in an interview .
A spokesman for Apple could not be reached for comment .
Adobe said in a press release that it will release a public trial version of the tool for converting Flash programs into ones that will run on the iPhone later this year .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
The details of the attempted attack on the Amsterdam / Detroit flight Friday are still murky and I do n’t trust the only official from whom we are hearing details , Rep. Peter King of New York .
The LAT says Homeland Security is now downplaying the purported al - Qaeda or Yemen connection around which rumors swirled earlier Friday , saying that the al - Qaeda thing may have been “ aspirational ” .
Umar Farouk Abd al - Mutallib , 23 , a Nigerian engineering student at the University College of London , took the flight from Lagos Nigeria to Amsterdam and thence to Detroit .
Someone set him up with a leg pouch filled with an incendiary chemical that was supposed to set a big fire on board when he injected it with chemicals from a syringe .
The problem with injecting a syringe into a pouch of chemicals nowadays is that the other passengers rather mind .
So some tackled him and my guess is , stopped him from getting enough of the syringe discharged to set off a significant blaze .
So he just set his leg on fire .
It was a replay of the shoe bomber episode , in other words , and suspiciously enough occured on the anniversary of the Richard Reid attempt .
Abd al - Mutallib is said not to have been on a US passenger watch list , but to have been on watch lists of other countries .
Or to have been flagged somehow in US records .
Larisa Alexandrovna makes the excellent point that the no-fly list in the US is nearly a million strong and many names are there because of pure politics ( attended a peace rally ) , and that if Homeland Security wanted to be efficient they ’d pare it down to people like Abd al - Mutallib , for whom they would then have room .
The precise context of such individuals is always difficult to pin down .
They fall silent or they exaggerate and lie .
I wonder if he has a primarily Nigerian context or a London one .
What precise causes animated his hatred ?
Was he part of an organization or just a small one - off cell ?
The incident points to lax security at airports like Abuja and Lagos as a problem for the international system .
But it also underlines how difficult it has become for terrorists successfully to attack passenger airliners .
Despite King ’s characterization of Abd al - Mutallib ’s kit as ‘ sophisticated , ’ in fact the scheme strikes me as hare - brained and likely doomed from the beginning .
No cause for complaisance here , but contrary to what rightwing politicians are saying , no cause for panic , either .
– Posted using BlogPress from my iPhone
ClimateGate : Where ’s The Mainstream Media ?
From The Editors At Family Security Matters ( FSM )
With the AP busy fact - checking Sarah Palin ’s book and much of the rest of the media busy trying to trip her up at her book signings , a huge story
seems to have passed them by : ClimateGate .
FSM readers are likely aware of the fact that last week , someone hacked into the e-mail system of the University of East Anglia in the UK and exposed a series of e-mails that certainly seem like a conspiracy by some of the world ’s top global warming alarmists to manipulate temperature data to reflect their hypotheses .
However , as Noel Shepard at Newsbusters pointed out earlier this week that several days after the scandalous news broke , neither ABC , CBS , CNN , MSNBC , nor NBC had bothered to cover a huge story that is becoming bigger by the moment .
He also notes that NPR seemed to be a part of the blackout .
Here are some of the stories they did deem important within those few days :
* ABC ’s “ World News with Charles Gibson ” Friday did a very lengthy piece about Oprah Winfrey ending her syndicated daytime talk show
* ABC ’s “ World News with Charles Gibson ” Monday did a lengthy piece on new revelations involving the marital affair of Sen. John Ensign ( R - Nev. )
* CBS “ Evening News ” Saturday reported a ten - year - old pianist playing at Carnegie Hall
* CBS “ Evening News ” Sunday did lengthy pieces on the website FreeCreditReport.com not being free and the movie “ New Moon ”
* CBS “ Evening News ” Monday did lengthy pieces about defective drywall and a man who makes money wearing t- shirts
* NBC “ Nightly News ” Friday reported on Switzerland ’s supercollider being turned back on
* NBC “ Nightly News ” Saturday did a somewhat lengthy report on food carts
* NBC “ Nightly News ” Sunday reported the release of British singer Susan Boyle ’s CD , and then followed it up with another report Monday on her promoting it .
More “ big news ” as of this writing was about the couple who managed to crash the White House state dinner on Tuesday night , as well as the annual Black Friday shopping crush .
On Monday , Fox had done four reports alone and Rush Limbaugh was also all over the story throughout the beginning of the week .
Fox also had actor and “ climate change ” believer Ed Begley , Jr. on with Stuart Varney to discuss the issue , and all Begley could do was shout over the host with various talking points .
So where ’s the “ mainstream media ” ?
Fact - checking Sarah Palin and getting ready to breathlessly cover Obama ’s upcoming trip to Copenhagen to discuss …global warming .
Are n’t they at all curious about the e-mails ?
We ’re told that they , as professional journalists , are more qualified to cover the hard news stories than those cheeky bloggers .
And yet – and yet – who is falling down on the job ?
If the MSM is wondering why ratings and circulation continue to tank , they have only to look their own ideology in the mirror .
Read more excellent articles from Family Security Matters
One of the things that terrifies me most about a new project is the starting point .
How is the content laid out ?
What colors do I pick ?
Once things like that are decided , it becomes significantly easier to continue design , but it ’s the blank page where I spend the most time .
To that end , I often start by choosing type .
I do n’t need to worry about colors or layout or anything else … just the right typefaces that support the art direction .
( This article wo n’t focus on how to choose a typeface , but there are some really great resources if you interested in that sort of thing . )
And just like that , all your work is done .
“ Hold it just a second , ” you might say .
“ All I ’ve done is pick type .
I still have to do the rest ! ”
To which I would reply , “ Silly rabbit .
You already have ! ”
You see , picking the right typeface gets you farther than you might think .
Here are a few tips on taking cues from type to design interfaces and interface elements .
Perfecting Web 2.0
If you ’re going for that beloved rounded corner look , you might class it up a bit by choosing the wonderful Omnes Pro by Joshua Darden .
As the typeface already has a rounded aesthetic , making buttons that fit the style should be pretty easy .
I ’ve found that using multiples helps to keep your interfaces looking balanced and proportional .
Noticing that the top left edge of the letter “ P ” has about an 12px corner radius , let ’s choose a 24px radius for our button ( a multiple of 2 ) , so that we get proper rounded corners .
By taking mathematical measurements from the typeface , our button looks more thought out than just “ place arbitrary text on arbitrarily - sized button . ”
Pretty easy , eh ?
What ’s in a name ( plate ) ?
Rounded buttons are pretty popular buttons nowadays , so let ’s try something a bit more stylized .
Have a gander at Brothers , a sturdy face from Emigre .
The chiseled edges give us a perfect cue for a stylized button .
Using the same slope , you can make plated - looking buttons that fit a different kind of style .
Headlining
You might even take some cues from the style of the typeface itself .
Didone serifs are known for their lack of brackets ーthat is , a gradual transition from the stem to the serif .
Instead , they typically connect at a right angle .
Another common characteristic is the high contrast in the strokes : very thick stems , very thin serifs .
So , when using a high contrast typeface , you can use it to your advantage to enhance hierarchy .
Following our “ multiples ” guideline , a 12px measurement from the stems helps us create a top rule with a height of 24px ( a multiple of 2 ) .
We can take the exact 1 px measurement from the serif — a multiple of 1 — to create the bottom rule .
Voilà !
I use this technique a lot .
Swashbucklers
And do n’t forget the importance of visual “ speed bumps ” to break up long passages of text .
A beautiful face like Alejandro Paul ’s Ministry Script has over a thousand characters that can be manipulated or even combined to create elegant interface elements .
Altering the partial differential character ( ∂ ) creates a delightful ornament that can help to guide the eye through content .
Stagger & Swagger
What about layout ?
How can we use typography to inform how our content is displayed ?
Let ’s take a typeface like Assembler .
We might use this for a design that needs to feel uneasy or uncomfortable .
In design terms , that might translate into using irregular shapes and asymmetry .
Using the proportional distances and degrees from the perpendiculars , we could easily create a multi-column layout that jives with the general tone .
And for all you skeptics that do n’t think a layout like this is doable on the web , stranger things have happened .
Overall Design Direction
Finally , your typography could impact the entire look of the site , from the navigation to the interaction and everything in between .
Check out how the ( now - defunct ) Nike Free site ’s typography echoes the product itself , and in turn influences the navigation .
Find Your Type
With thousands of fonts to choose from , the possibilities are ridiculously open .
From angles to radii to color to weight , you ’ve got endless fodder before you .
Great type designers spent countless hours slaving over these detailed letterforms ; take advantage of it !
Do n’t feel like you have to limit yourself to the same old Helvetica and wet floors … unless your design calls for it .
Happy hunting !
While our backs are turned as we are engrossed with the health - care debate , there is a Supreme Court case looming on the horizon that could upend our entire political system .
The Roberts court must be salivating to get the chance to help their right wing Big Corp base as they wait to render their decision on the Citizens United case which will for all purposes allow BigCorp .
to dump as much money as they can into any election they want .
The most excellent Dahlia Lithwick writes :
Citizens United released the film in six theaters and on DVD , actions not subject to federal regulation .
But when they sought to distribute the film by paying $ 1.2 million to sell it through a video - on - demand service , the Federal Election Commission contended that the film was no different from the kind of " electioneering communication " regulated under the McCain - Feingold campaign finance law .
That was the 2002 statute that tried to limit the influence of big money on elections .
If subject to the constraints of McCain - Feingold , the film could not be financed by corporate treasuries or broadcast within 30 days of a primary or 60 days of a general election .
The federal court of appeals agreed with the FEC , finding that the movie could be interpreted as nothing but an effort to " inform the electorate that Senator Clinton is unfit for office . "
Citizens United appealed .
With their limitless resources , they can corrupt our system like never before and destroy our democratic process .
In Bush v Gore , the United States Supreme Court , in an unprecedented ruling that proclaimed it should not be used as precedent , decided the 2000 presidential election by a 5 - 4 decision .
Bush v
Gore stands as one of the most legally dishonest and the most politically partisan opinion ever issued by the Court .
That is , until the Court hands down its decision in Citizens United v Federal Election Commission , involving a ruling by the FEC that barred a rightwing hit group , partially financed by a corporation , from running a hatchet - job film about Hillary Clinton in the days prior to an election in violation of the McCain - Feingold law .
By another 5 - 4 decision the Supreme Court will effectively turn the United States government over to corporations , i.e. , back to the Republican Party , this time for keeps .
The major corporations -- total profits of more than $ 600 billion per year for the top Fortune 100 -- will be permitted to advertise without limitation in Congressional , Senate and Presidential elections .
{} Moreover , corporations often have foreign shareholders .
Although barred as individuals from participating either through financial contribution or voting , foreigners will now be able to use the corporate fiction of a ' legal person ' to influence profoundly the outcome of US elections .
The Supreme Court will soon allow corporate profits to be spent without limits to " preserve , protect and defend " not the Constitution , but those profits .
Swiftboats will be the fastest growing industry in the United States .
.. read on
Sen .
Dick Durbin is saying that if the Supreme Court rules in favor of Citizens United , that prove the catalyst for creating new campaign - finance legislation :
As a Supreme Court decision that could weaken campaign finance laws looms , Sen. Richard Durbin , D - Ill. , said that a ruling giving an upper hand to corporations and labor unions could be the catalyst needed to pass election - reform legislation .
He and Rep. John Larson , D - Conn. , spoke at a Center for American Progress event on Friday to promote their legislation , the Fair Elections Now Act , and discuss the impact of the pending decision in Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission .
That decision could open the door for unrestricted spending on campaign advertising .
" It takes a major scandal to create a major reform , " Durbin said .
" I do n't know that we 've reached the level in the Senate or in the nation where people are going to demand this of us ....
But if they think that the Supreme Court has tipped the scales so dramatically that they do n't have a fighting chance any more , they may be open to this .
Do we really want that to happen ?
No , the Court must not rule in favor of the wingnut film makers .
Something will have to be done , because a single corporation could bully any member of the House or Senate to vote for their profitable benefit or they will unleash their pocketbooks against them and that is a nightmare scenario .
Paul Abrams suggests that we write letters to Justice Kennedy and Alito , which is a worthy endeavor if you wish to partake .
The letter is below the fold .
“ I ca n’t read , ” he said .
The children grew silent .
Mohammed ’s dream , he said , is to follow in his father ’s footsteps and drive a Kia minibus .
He said he already knew how to drive , but that he needed to wait five years to be hired .
Image Washing cars is the only source of income for many African - Iraqi boys and men , they said , because no one will hire them .
Credit ... Joao Silva for The New York Times
“ Until then , I ’ll drive my bicycle , ” he said .
Everyone around him laughed .
Majid Hamid , a lanky 20 - year - old who is among the lot ’s oldest workers , said some days were better than others .
It had been a bad day for him as well .
“ From the morning until now , I have n’t washed a single car , ” he said .
It was past 6 p.m .
But even on the good days , he said , they still had to deal with customers who frequently used racially derogatory terms when addressing them .
“ They say , ‘ Abu Samra , ’ come on , go fast ! ’ ” he said .
“ What can I do ?
I can beat them up , but there will be trouble afterward . ”
Lighter - skinned Iraqis consider Abu Samra a term of endearment , but the car washers said that for them it is a vicious slur .
They say they are called a lot of other names , and are often picked up by Army patrols and taken to bases where they are threatened with beatings and imprisonment if they continue to wash cars .
They say the soldiers leave them alone when lighter - skinned people are working in the lot .
Ahmed al - Sulati , deputy chairman of Basra ’s provincial council , said neither racism nor color consciousness existed among Iraqis , and that the lives of African - Iraqis are no more difficult than anyone else ’s .
“ There is no such thing in Iraq as black and white , ” he said , echoing what most people here say publicly .
In a run-down neighborhood about a mile from the car wash , Mr. Hamid and thousands of other African - Iraqis live side by side with Arabs in mud -brick houses in various stages of collapse .
His brother , Rafid , 19 , also works at the car wash , but has a second job in a small satellite television repair shop where he works with his stepfather .
Their sister , Amani , 16 , has been pulled out of school because the family can no longer afford the daily bus fare .
“ I miss school , ” she said .
“ Sometimes I cry . ”
Prickly problem for animal lover who has adopted 24 mischievous pygmy hedgehogs
If you thought hedgehogs were n't exactly cuddly , these enchanting pictures should change your mind .
They show the latest must - have mini-pet , the African pygmy hedgehog .
These ones are still babies -- small enough to fit neatly in the palm of a hand , or even an egg cup or serving spoon .
Fully grown , they weigh 12 to 18 oz and are 5 - 8 in long .
Hard - boiled hog :
This fully - grown , yet tiny , pygmy hedgehog only comes out to play at night
Hailing from Egypt originally , pygmy hedgehogs live on cat food and chicken .
Because they 're bred in captivity , they enjoy being handled .
While they may be smaller than their wild cousins , they have a sizeable price tag - up to £ 200 each .
Animal lover Ashleigh Hunt , 20 , currently has two dozen baby African Pygmy Hedgehogs , which fit neatly into the palm of a hand and are Britain 's latest must - have mini-pet .
The cute creatures have now taken over Ashleigh 's house and keep appearing in the most unusual of places - from tea pots , to the bathroom and kitchen cupboards .
Prickly pets : Ashleigh
Hunt cuddles her array of pygmy hedgehogs , which can sell for up to £ 200 each
Ashleigh was given her first three hogs 18 months ago by a friend who told her they make fantastic pets .
She has since been given another seven and overseen the birth of a further 14 of the prickly creatures at her home in Flore , Northamptonshire .
Ashleigh , who has eight females and 16 males all between the age of three weeks and 18 months , has also sold a further ten of the baby hogs to breeders and pet lovers .
Fangs a lot :
One of the cute pygmy hedgehogs mugs for the camera
The tiny mammals , which are nocturnal and ' come out to play ' at night , sleep together in seven cages but are free to roam the house when they are awake .
Ashleigh said she was expecting the arrival of another three baby hedgehogs any day now .
She said : ' I look after mine really well but they do have a habit of escaping and running round the house - they are very fast and appear in the strangest places .
Serving up :
Tiny hedgehog can fit easily on a table spoon
' I have found them in cupboards , snuggled up in my bed , and they even line up and watch the television with me at night .
' They are extremely rewarding pets if you look after them properly and will happily fall asleep in the palm of your hand once they trust you . '
Ashleigh also said many breeders were now trading the creatures , which come in a spectrum of colours from pale white to dark brown , to create colours such as cinnamon .
She said : ' Many of the professional breeders are using the internet to swap the hedgehogs like Pokemon cards .
' The idea is that they can breed different colours together to produce a huge amount of different coloured hedgehogs which widen the hedgehog gene pool . '
The pygmy hedgehogs originate from Egypt and are sold in specialist pet shops across the UK after becoming popular with pet owners in US in the '90s .
They are a quarter of the size of a wild hedgehog and live on a diet of cat or ferret food but unlike their wild cousins are raised in captivity and do not have fleas .
Normally the cost of their food would spiral into hundreds of pounds every year but Ashleigh gets a discount from her parents who own a local pet store .
The hedgehogs can be trained to use a litter tray but owners must remember that they are lactose intolerant and cannot eat or drink dairy products .
An RSPCA spokeswoman said they had seen a ' huge rise ' in the number of pygmy hedgehogs in the UK .
She said : ' They are becoming more and more popular and although there are not many shops selling them we know there is a great demand for them across the country . '
There are 17 species of hedgehog across the world and they were first domesticated by the Romans who kept them as pets in the 4th Century BC .
In the wild a hedgehog is opportunistic and will eat just about anything but most live on a diet of insects and slugs .
O indivíduo está cada vez mais normatizado e regulamentado pelos vários dispositivos de verdade ( ciência , religião , jurídico , mídia , etc. ) que sustentam uma civilização que se crê progressista e humanitária .
Sacerdotes que na idade média regulamentavam a vida social e privada das pessoas deram lugar aos especialistas que regulamentam a vida .
O corpo e a subjetividade encontram suas sepulturas através das variadas prescrições que se estabelecem em sociedade .
E é nesse contexto que se pode compreender o ATO MÉDICO , um retrocesso medieval erigido agora no contexto de mercado neoliberal .
Se aprovado os Projetos 7703 / 2006 e 268/02 ( em votação na Câmara e no Senado respectivamente ) o médico terá como mérito do seu campo de saber as seguintes atividades ( dentre outras ) :
“ (…) Art. 4 º São atividades privativas do médico :
I – formulação do diagnóstico nosológico e respectiva prescrição terapêutica ;
II – indicação e execução da intervenção cirúrgica e prescrição dos cuidados médicos pré e pós-operatórios ;
III – indicação da execução e execução de procedimentos invasivos , sejam diagnósticos , terapêuticos ou estéticos , incluindo os acessos vasculares profundos , as biópsias e as endoscopias ; ( … ) ”
( PL 268/02 )
Ora , quem deve saber quando procurar um fisioterapeuta , um psicólogo , um esteticista , entre outros profissionais , não é outro senão o próprio indivíduo .
Nada impede que alguém procure a opinião de um médico ou de outro profissional ou até mesmo do “ leigo ” antes de realizar um procedimento , buscar conhecer do que se trata , como funciona , os riscos e os ganhos , entre outras situações que não são claras àquele que procura , mas o poder sobre o seu corpo não está nos códigos da medicina e nem de qualquer outro campo de saber .
Se você também não é a favor desse retrocesso medieval , que faz do profissional médico um sacerdote capaz de ter um poder extrapolativo sobre o seu corpo e sua subjetividade , aquele que , e somente ele , poderá dizer se você precisa ou não de um serviço psicológico , fisioterapêutico ou outras terapias , então se posicione contra o Ato Médico através de uma ou mais das formas abaixo relacionadas .
1 .
With approximately 2.3 million people in prison or jail , the United States incarcerates more people than any other country in the world — by far .
Our per capita rate is six times greater than Canada ’s , eight times greater than France ’s , and twelve times greater than Japan’s .
Here , at least , we are an undisputed world leader ; we have a 40 percent lead on our closest competitors — Russia and Belarus .
Even so , the imprisoned make up only two thirds of one percent of the nation ’s general population .
And most of those imprisoned are poor and uneducated , disproportionately drawn from the margins of society .
For the vast majority of us , in other words , the idea that we might find ourselves in jail or prison is simply not a genuine concern .
For one group in particular , however , these figures have concrete and deep - rooted implications —
African - Americans , especially young black men , and especially poor young black men .
African - Americans are 13 percent of the general population , but over 50 percent of the prison population .
Blacks are incarcerated at a rate eight times higher than that of whites — a disparity that dwarfs other racial disparities .
( Black –white disparities in unemployment , for example , are 2 – 1 ; in nonmarital childbirth , 3 – 1 ; in infant mortality , 2 – 1 ; and in net worth , 1 – 51 ) .
In the 1950s , when segregation was still legal , African - Americans comprised 30 percent of the prison population .
Sixty years later , African - Americans and Latinos make up 70 percent of the incarcerated population , and that population has skyrocketed .
The disparities are greatest where race and class intersect — nearly 60 percent of all young black men born between 1965 and 1969 who dropped out of high school went to prison at least once on a felony conviction before they turned thirty - five .
And the incarceration rate for this group — black male high school dropouts — is nearly fifty times the national average .
2
These disparities in turn have extraordinary ripple effects .
For an entire cohort of young black men in America ’s inner cities , incarceration has become the more - likely - than - not norm , not the unthinkable exception .
And in part because prisons today offer inmates little or nothing in the way of job training , education , or counseling regarding their return to society , ex-offenders ’ prospects for employment , housing , and marriage upon release drop precipitously from their already low levels before incarceration .
That in turn makes it far more likely that these ex-offenders will return to criminal behavior — and then to prison .
Meanwhile , the incarceration of so many young men means more single - parent households , and more children whose fathers are in prison .
Children with parents in prison are in turn seven times more likely to be imprisoned at some point in their lives than other children .
As Brown professor Glenn Loury puts it in Race , Incarceration , and American Values , we are “ creating a racially defined pariah class in the middle of our great cities . ”
This is the legacy website ; please use the new website
FLIR Systems ' new i5 camera is a compact handheld instrument weighing only 340g .
You just aim and shoot with it and the result is a false colour picture showing the temperature gradients of a building , machinery , electrical equipment , a human body or whatever .
You can use it as a precise non-contact thermometer which will also show the full temperature range of everything in the camera 's view .
Anyone familiar with infrared cameras will be surprised at the compact size , ease of use and precision measurements now available from this new FLIR Systems ’ i5 model .
Chomping their way through your money !
Infrared cameras are becoming very popular in pest control – here ’s some termites making a meal of the studs and noggings inside a wall , with absolutely no evidence on the outside that anything is wrong .
It has a comfortable pistol grip and you can single - handedly aim , shoot and control all functions with your thumb and index finger .
The front of the pistol grip incorporates a large trigger button which you press to take a picture .
At the side of the pistol grip is a rubber cover which conceals and protects the mini-SD memory card , the mini USB socket and the socket for battery charging .
The camera screen measures 45 x 60 mm although the recorded image is square , at 80 x 80 pixels .
The unit is simple to use and is controlled by eight buttons just below the screen .
You turn it on by pressing the white power button on the right and use a small lever at the front of the camera to uncover the lens .
To review the images you have already taken , you press the white archive button on the left and then the plus and minus buttons to scroll down through the images .
Nine images in thumbnail format are displayed on the screen and you can examine individual images by clicking on them with the respective buttons .
The left and right arrow buttons let you navigate through the various menu options as do the plus and minus buttons .
The black buttons at left and right are “ soft ” or “ context sensitive ” and the changing labels at the bottom corners of the screen depict their functions .
For example , if you are reviewing the image file , the soft buttons will let you erase an image or close it .
As the largest former eastern bloc country , its clear view may also have an impact on others in the region .
Although he is yet to publicly declare himself for the job , Mr Blair is thought to be keen to take on the role which would make him a figurehead for the EU around the world and well as a £ 247,000 a year salary , a £ 37,000 housing allowance and other perks .
Advertisements
In an interview with Newsmax , Sarah Palin floated Fox News host Glenn Beck ’s name as her running mate for 2012 .
Palin said , “ But Glenn Beck I have great respect for .
He ’s a hoot .
He gets his message across in such a clever way . ”
Apparently , Palin ’s qualifications for a running mate include that they be a “ hoot . ”
Palin chuckled when asked about the possibility of a Palin / Beck ticket and said , “ I can envision a couple of different combinations , if ever I were to be in a position to really even seriously consider running for anything in the future , and I ’m not there yet .
But Glenn Beck I have great respect for .
He ’s a hoot .
He gets his message across in such a clever way .
And he ’s so bold – I have to respect that .
He calls it like he sees it , and he ’s very , very , very effective . ”
Are we to believe that Palin would seriously consider Beck as her running mate ?
She does n’t want some credible conservative , or a policy expert .
No , Sarah wants a running mate who is bold and a hoot .
Is there anyone out there who can still be possibly wondering why most of the political world does not take Sarah Palin seriously ?
Advertisements
Democrats would be doing somersaults at the very prospect of a Palin / Beck ticket .
It would be a dream come true for them , while also nuking what remains of the Republican Party .
I can see Palin blaming Beck when on Election Night the ticket gets 24 % of the vote .
If Palin is looking for a running mate who is a hoot , maybe she should also consider Jeff Dunham .
I sure his puppets would keep her in stitches for hours on the campaign trail .
H/T: Think Progress
Mr Reinfeldt ( right ) faces a difficult diplomatic balancing act as EU chair The EU will hold a special summit on 19 November to decide the new top jobs of EU president and foreign policy chief .
" The extra informal summit ... will take the form of a working dinner in Brussels , " a spokesman for the Swedish EU presidency said .
The appointments will be made by the leaders of the 27 member states , by a qualified majority vote .
Belgium 's Prime Minister , Herman van Rompuy , has emerged as a frontrunner for the post of EU president .
On Monday Sweden 's PM Fredrik Reinfeldt said he was half - way through consultations with the governments on their preferred candidates .
THE PRESIDENT'S ROLE Chosen by 27 member states by qualified majority vote Two - and - a - half - year term Can be re-elected once Chairs EU summits Drives forward the work of EU Council of Ministers Facilitates cohesion and consensus Represents the EU on the world stage
Who could be EU president ?
Under the Lisbon Treaty , the president of the European Council will be appointed by the governments for a term of two - and - a - half years , renewable once .
The goal is to achieve more continuity and stability in major EU policy areas .
Besides Mr Van Rompuy , leading candidates for the job are said to include Dutch Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende and his Luxembourg counterpart Jean - Claude Juncker .
The centre - left former Italian Prime Minister Massimo D'Alema is a frontrunner for the new post of High Representative for Foreign Affairs .
Whoever gets that job will also become vice president of the European Commission .
Search for ' balance '
The Lisbon Treaty will come into effect on 1 December .
It was ratified by the Czech Republic last week - completing a long and tortuous process of ratification by all 27 member states .
HAVE YOUR SAY
This post is utterly irrelevant , and so it should be .
The real power in the EU rests with the heads of government , closely followed by the Commission Tom , Exeter , UK A third post will be decided at the summit - that of Secretary - General for the Council Secretariat .
It will involve managing the business of the Council , which brings together the 27 EU governments .
In an interview with the Swedish daily Dagens Nyheter , quoted by the AFP news agency , Mr Reinfeldt said that " for many a left - right balance is very important , as is a balance between big and small countries , north and south , men and women " .
His spokeswoman Roberta Alenius said " there are many names right now , but there is no clear favourite " .
The UK government has been campaigning for former Prime Minister Tony Blair to get the job of EU president .
France 's Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner confirmed on Tuesday that Mr Blair was still in the running - though he did not voice a preference for him .
There is speculation that the EU may opt for a leader from a small country who has a lower international profile , and who would act more as an enabling chairperson in Brussels .
Unnamed diplomats say Mr Van Rompuy is seen as a clear compromise candidate .
Sources close to UK Foreign Secretary David Miliband told the BBC on Tuesday that he was not seeking the EU foreign affairs job .
Earlier he had been seen as a frontrunner for the job .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Cryptographers have moved closer to their goal of eavesdropping on cellphone conversations after cracking the secret code used to prevent the interception of radio signals as they travel between handsets and mobile operators ' base stations .
The code is designed to prevent the interception of phone calls by forcing mobile phones and base stations to rapidly change radio frequencies over a spectrum of 80 channels .
Without knowing the precise sequence , would - be eavesdroppers can assemble only tiny fragments of a conversation .
At a hacker conference in Berlin that runs through Wednesday , the cryptographers said they 've cracked the algorithm that determines the random channel hopping and have devised a practical means to capture entire calls using equipment that costs about $ 4,000 .
At the heart of the crack is open - source software for computer - controlled radios that makes the frequency changes at precisely the same time , and in the same order , that the cellphone and base station do .
" We now know this is possible , " said Karsten Nohl , a 28 - year - old cryptographer and one of the members of an open - source project out to prove that GSM , the technical standard used by about 80 percent of the mobile market , can't be counted on to keep calls private .
The attack " is practical , and there are real vulnerabilities that people are exploiting . "
A spokeswoman for the GSM Association , which represents 800 operators in 219 countries , said officials had n't yet seen the research .
" GSM networks use encryption technology to make it difficult for criminals to intercept and eavesdrop on calls , " she wrote in an email .
" Reports of an imminent GSM eavesdropping capability are common . "
The channel - hopping crack comes as the collective is completing the compilation of a rainbow table that allows them to decrypt calls as they happen .
The table works because GSM encryption uses A5/1 , a decades - old algorithm with known weaknesses .
The table - a 2 - terabyte list of known results that allows cryptographers to deduce the unique key that encrypts a given conversation - was developed by volunteers around the globe using giant clusters of computers and gaming consoles .
Within days of the project announcement in August , the GSMA pooh - poohed it as a " theoretical compromise " that would have little practical effect on the security of phone calls .
In addition to the massive rainbow table needed , the GSMA said it doubted researchers had the means to process the vast amounts of raw radio data involved .
" Initially , we did n't consider channel - hopping a big security feature , " Nohl told The Register .
" If the GSM Association 's excuse for bad crypto is there is another security feature we rely on much more , then of course , we 'll break that , too . "
A bare - bones attack can be pulled off with a PC with a medium - end graphics card , a large hard drive , two USRP2 receivers and the channel - hopping software .
Under normal conditions , it will take a few minutes of conversation before eavesdroppers have collected enough data to break the encryption .
Because the calls are recorded and played back later , the entire contents of a conversation can still be captured .
More elaborate setups that use a network of computers or Field Programmable Gate Array devices , will be able to unlock calls almost instantaneously , Nohl said .
To capture both ends of a conversation , an attacker would have to place one of the radios in close proximity to the person making the call , while the second would be used to capture downlink transmissions coming from a carrier 's base station .
That requires a fair amount of effort because attackers must target a specific individual .
But in many cases - such as phone menus used by banks and airline companies - it 's sufficient for an attacker to intercept only the downlink , said David Burgess , a signal processing engineer who helped to identify weaknesses used to break A5/1 .
" Even if I only see the downlink , that 's still very useful , " he said .
" The base station is acknowledging back every button press . "
After weaknesses in A5/ 1 became common knowledge , mobile operators devised A5/3 , an algorithm that requires about a quintillion times more mathematical operations to break .
Despite estimates that some 40 percent of cellphones are capable of using the newer cipher , it has yet to be adopted , largely , Nohl says , because of the cost of upgrading and fears older handsets will be left behind .
" A5/3 is a better encryption algorithm and there has been a long - standing proposal to make this the preferred cipher in GSM , " he said .
" But no network operator with one exception that I 'm aware of has started adopting A5/3 so far . "
The GSMA has said it plans to transition to the new technology , but has yet to provide a timetable .
Nohl described the channel - hopping techniques at the 26th Chaos Communication Congress , an annual hacker conference in Berlin , along with fellow reverse engineer Chris Paget .
Their presentation is here . ®
Microsoft Corp. MSFT , +1.48 % and News Corp. ( NWS ) have held early talks about a plan that would see the latter being paid to " de- index " its news Web sites from Google Inc. GOOG , +0.01 % , the Financial Times reported Sunday , citing a person familiar with the situation .
The impetus for the discussions came from News Corp. , the FT reported the person as saying , however the newspaper said Microsoft had also approached other online publishers about removing their sites from Google 's search engine .
Please try your call again later ... ... as all lions are currently down
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Doctors at a hospital in Brazil alerted police after finding 50 sewing needles inside a two - year - old boy .
He was in serious condition after being admitted to the intensive care unit of the Barreiras hospital in the state of Bahia .
He was brought in by his family after vomiting and experiencing stomach pains .
An X - ray revealed the 50 needles , one of which had perforated a lung , requiring a tube to be inserted to remove air from the thoracic cage .
Doctors do not believe the boy swallowed the needles
Credit : EPA
OK , everybody , I have something very special today .
You ’ve all been waiting for it , and at long last it ’s here .
Myself , Aventine , Kings , Minus67 , Goatboy and many , many others have wrapped up the Badab War campaign book .
Within its 92 pages you will find a set of rules to allow you all to play games during the greatest Astartes rebellion since the Horus Heresy .
Here is the link to download the 7 mb Adobe Acrobat file for the rule - set .
Note :
This book is specifically designed for 2 - page book style printing and viewing .
If you want to open it in Acrobat , please make sure you set your options to view 2 - page spreads “ 2 - up ” , and “ show cover page during 2 - up ” .
Within you will find the history of the Badab War , rules for each of the Loyalist and Rebel Astartes chapters , and thier specialized units .
A large set of new Named Characters offers something to every player and modeler out there .
There are also time lines , maps , and great artwork throughout .
We have included a full color hobby section , a full branching tree campaign , allowing you to change the outcome of the conflict .
Here are a few teaser pictures of battles , maps , and Independent Characters to whet your appetite .
Is it perfect or comprehensive ?
No , but I hope this serves as a starting point to get your creative juices flowing and give groups of Badab War enthusiasts a mutual set of rules they can use to start modeling and playing games .
Batteries made of paper may power electronics in the future , researchers say .
Shown are images from an experimental paper - based battery .
Imagine wrapping paper that could be a gift in and of itself because it lights up with words like " Happy Birthday . "
That is one potential application of a new biodegradable battery made of cellulose , the stuff of paper .
Scientists worldwide are striving to develop thin , flexible , lightweight , inexpensive , environmentally friendly batteries made entirely from nonmetal parts .
Among the most promising materials for these batteries are conducting polymers .
However , until now these have impractical for use in batteries — for instance , their ability to hold a charge often degrades over use .
Easy to make
The key to this new battery turned out to be an often bothersome green algae known as Cladophora .
Rotting heaps of this hairlike freshwater plant throughout the world can lead to unsightly , foul - smelling beaches .
This algae makes an unusual kind of cellulose typified by a very large surface area , 100 times that of the cellulose found in paper .
This allowed researchers to dramatically increase the amount of conducting polymer available for use in the new device , enabling it to better recharge , hold and discharge electricity .
" We have long hoped to find some sort of constructive use for the material from algae blooms and have now been shown this to be possible , " said researcher Maria Strømme , a nanotechnologist at Uppsala University in Sweden .
" This creates new possibilities for large - scale production of environmentally friendly , cost - effective , lightweight energy storage systems . "
The new batteries consisted of extremely thin layers of conducting polymer just 40 to 50 nanometers or billionths of a meter wide coating algae cellulose fibers only 20 to 30 nanometers wide that were collected into paper sheets .
" They 're very easy to make , " Strømme said .
Quick to charge
They could hold 50 to 200 percent more charge than similar conducting polymer batteries , and once better optimized , they might even be competitive with commercial lithium batteries , the researchers noted .
They also recharged much faster than conventional rechargeable batteries — while a regular battery takes at least an hour to recharge , the new batteries could recharge in anywhere from eight minutes to just 11 seconds .
The new battery also showed a dramatic boost in the ability to hold a charge over use .
While a comparable polymer battery showed a 50 percent drop in the amount of charge it could hold after 60 cycles of discharging and recharging , the new battery showed just a 6 percent loss through 100 charging cycles .
" When you have thick polymer layers , it 's hard to get all the material to recharge properly , and it turns into an insulator , so you lose capacity , " said researcher Gustav Nyström , an electrochemist at Uppsala University .
" When you have thin layers , you can get it fully discharged and recharged . "
Flexible electronics
The researchers suggest their batteries appear well - suited for applications involving flexible electronics , such as clothing and packaging .
" We 're not focused on replacing lithium ion batteries — we want to find new applications where batteries are not used today , " Strømme told LiveScience .
" What if you could put batteries inside wallpaper to charge sensors in your home ?
If you could put this into clothes , can you couple that with detectors to analyze sweat from your body to tell if there 's anything wrong ? "
Future directions of research include seeing how much charge these batteries lose over time , a problem with polymer batteries and all batteries in general .
They also want to see how much they can scale up these batteries , " see if we can make them much , much larger , " Strømme said .
The scientists detailed their last month in the journal Nano Letters .
A new microscopic system devised by researchers in MIT ’s Department of Materials Science and Engineering could provide a novel method for moving tiny objects inside a microfluidic chip , and could also provide new insights into how cells and other objects are transported within the body .
Inside organs such as the trachea and the intestines , tiny hair - like filaments called cilia are constantly in motion , beating in unison to create currents that sweep along cells , nutrients , or other tiny particles .
The new research uses a self - assembling system to mimic that kind of motion , providing a simple way to move particles around in a precisely controlled way .
Alfredo Alexander - Katz , the Merton C. Flemings Assistant Professor of Materials Science and Engineering , his doctoral student Charles Sing , and researchers at Boston University and in Germany , devised a system that uses so - called superparamagnetic beads — tiny beads made of polymers with specks of magnetic material in them — suspended in liquid .
Due to the heavy magnetic material content , these beads sink to the bottom of the liquid .
They placed the whole system inside two pairs of magnetic coils and used them to apply a rotating magnetic field , which caused the beads to spontaneously form short chains that began spinning .
This motion created currents that could then carry along surrounding particles — even particles as much as 100 times larger than the beads themselves .
Alexander - Katz refers to the microscopic assembly of beads — each just a few microns ( millionths of a meter ) in size — as “ micro-ants , ” because of their ability to move along while “ carrying ” objects so much larger than themselves .
A paper describing the research will appear the week of Dec. 14 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
He says the way the chains of beads moved is a bit like a person trying to do cartwheels while standing on an icy surface .
“ As they rotate , they slip a bit , ” he says , “ but overall , they keep moving , ” and this imparts a directional flow to the surrounding fluid .
The new method could provide a simpler , less - expensive alternative to present microfluidic devices , a technology involving the precise control of tiny amounts of liquids flowing through microscopic channels on a chip in order to carry out chemical or biological analysis of tiny samples .
Now , such devices require precisely made channels , valves and pumps created on a silicon chip using microchip manufacturing methods , in order to control the movement of fluids through them .
But the new system could offer such precise control over the movement of liquids and the particles suspended in them that it may be possible to dispense with the channels and other plumbing altogether , controlling the movements entirely through variations in the applied magnetic field .
In short , software rather than hardware could control the chip ’s properties , allowing it to be instantly reconfigured through changes in the controlling software — an approach Alexander - Katz refers to as “ virtual microfluidics . ”
This could reduce the cost and increase the flexibility of the devices , which might be used for such things as biomedical screening , or the detection of trace elements for pollution monitoring or security screening .
It might also provide even finer spatial control than can presently be achieved using conventional channels on chips .
Alexander - Katz says the work might also help scientists better understand the way cilia work , by providing a way to mimic their activity in the lab .
“ People are still trying to understand how you get hydrodynamic synchronization in the systems ” of cilia in organisms — that is , having the individual cilia all working together in a pattern of motion that controls the flow of fluid over them .
“ This might be a way to test many of the theories . ”
David Weitz , a physicist at Harvard University who studies colloidal physics and biological systems , says that “ The work is a beautiful example of the use of colloidal particles to mimic the behavior of cilia , which are used by cells for propulsion . ”
The use of the beads in a magnetic field “ actually causes the chains to move , and induces flow in the fluid .
This effect is difficult to achieve by any means , and the method reported here is an elegant and simple means of accomplishing this . ”
Weitz adds that in terms of applications , “ The main utility of these observations is likely to be the understanding of the fundamental properties of these [ cilia ] structures .
They could conceivably ultimately find use as miniature fluid pumps . ”
He adds that Alexander - Katz “ is likely to have considerable impact with work like this . ”
Such a system might someday even be developed to use in medical diagnostics , by allowing controlled delivery of particles inside the body to specifically targeted locations , for example while the patient is in a nuclear magnetic resonance ( NMR ) imaging system .
Although medical applications might take many years to develop because of the stringent requirements for safety testing , Alexander - Katz says , applications to creating a new kind of microfluidics chips could be achieved “ within a year or so . ”
This would essentially just be a matter of scaling up from the simple , basic systems that were tested in this study to more complex assemblies .
Making the State Irrelevant , Part Three : Undermining Its Legitimacy
Even if you concede some value to electoral politics and lobbying , the best way to maximize bang for the buck in such efforts is simply to capitalize on the potential of network culture : that is , put maximum effort into just getting the information out there , giving the government lots and lots of negative publicity , and then “ letting a thousand flowers bloom ” when it comes to efforts to leverage it into political action .
If you do that , the political pressure itself will be organized by many different individuals and groups operating independently , spurred by their own outrage , without even sharing any common antistatist ideology .
This is the same kind of stigmergic effort I wrote about in the previous two columns .
In the case of any particular state abuse of power or intervention into the economy , for every libertarian who opposes them on principled non-interventionist grounds there will be ten or a hundred people who oppose them on grounds of fairness or personal interest that are completely independent of the nonaggression principle as such .
Millions of people oppose police rioting and lawlessness , or the grossly unjust digital copyright regime , without being libertarians in any consistent philosophical sense .
If libertarians simply expose the nature of state action and its unjust particular effects , it will be leveraged into action by people in numbers many times larger than those of movement libertarians .
The state and the large corporations are a bunch of cows floundering around in the Amazon .
Just get the information out there , and the individual toothy little critters in the school of piranha , acting independently , will take care of the skeletonizing on their own .
A good example is what Radley Balko does every day , just through his own efforts at exposing the cockroaches of law enforcement to the kitchen light , or that CNN series about gross civil forfeiture abuses in that town in Texas .
When Woodward and Bernstein uncovered Watergate , they did n’t start trying to organize a political movement to capitalize on it .
They just published the info and a firestorm resulted .
At the same time , we should engage in general efforts to change the terms of debate , to push the center in a libertarian direction , and to bring “ radical ” and “ extreme ” libertarian ideas into the realm of respectable discourse .
One way to do this is to propagate the same memes , over and over again , in reference to a wide array of specific cases .
The general “ Baptists vs. Bootleggers ” meme , especially , is worth propagating far and wide .
This meme was the thesis of Gabriel Kolko ’s “ The Triumph of Conservatism , ” in which he argued that ( despite all the “ progressive ” rhetoric used to sell them ) , economic regulations have generally been created to protect the regulated industries .
This theme needs to be driven home , hard and repeatedly , in libertarian commentary on regulatory legislation .
The goal is for increasing shares of the public to internalize the general lesson , by sleeper effect , until more and more people automatically greet “ progressive ” proposals by cynically wondering who the Bootleggers are in this particular case .
Balko ’s work at The Agitator , simply exposing the truth about the mechanics of the police state consistently on a daily basis , has probably done more to increase public skepticism about the drug war and law enforcement than a thousand libertarian pot decriminalization petitions .
And the kind of reporting TechDirt and BoingBoing do on the standard abuses of the DMCA will eventually , I believe , have a similar effect on public consciousness in regard to IP law and its contribution to the exploitative corporate economic environment .
Shifting public consciousness to the point that the downloaders are seen as “ good guys , ” and the people sending out DMCA letters are the “ bad guys , ” will result in a revolutionary transformation of what is and is not feasible for the state capitalists .
The only real way to change the institutional environment of politics is to change the culture to the point that there are new limits to the kind of shit the state can get away with .
Such cultural changes are the reason that most states renamed their military establishments as ministries or departments of “ defense , ” and international aggressors shifted from framing their actions in straightforward and unapologetic Lebensraum terms ( like the 18th century dynastic states and the 19th century imperialists ) to “ self - defense ” against some “ foreign threat ” manufactured for mass consumption .
They ’re the reason any politician publicly recorded saying “ nigger ” might as well hang up his hat , and the reason the CIA bothers to hide its overseas torture facilities .
They ’re the reason Hitler felt he had to make even a minimal effort to manufacture a “ Polish threat ” to Danzig via false flag operations , and the U.S. war propagandists had to come up with lies about Kuwaiti baby incubators and mobile biological warfare labs in the previous two Iraq wars .
It ’s true that it typically has n’t taken much of an effort to manufacture enough “ evidence ” to overcome the low public threshold of doubt , in the past .
But thanks to network culture , the cost of manufacturing consent is rising at an astronomical rate .
Just compare the significance of the Iraq war opposition from 2002 on , and the speed of its emergence , with those of the parallel antiwar movement in 1990 - 91 .
The communications system is no longer the one described by Edward Herman , with the state and its corporate media allies controlling a handful of expensive centralized hubs and talking to us via one - way broadcast links .
We can all talk directly to each other now , and virally circulate evidence that calls the state ’s propaganda into doubt .
For an outlay of well under $ 1000 , you can do what only the White House Press Secretary or a CBS news anchor could do forty years ago .
Since Woodrow Wilson ’s suppression of the working class press and the rise of corporate “ professional ” journalism ninety years ago , consensus reality has depended on the cost of owning a printing press , and the fact that the people ( and governments ) rich enough to afford them had more interests in common than not .
This state of affairs is now coming to an end .
The forces of freedom will be able to contest the corporate state ’s domination over public consciousness , for the first time in many decades , on even terms .
( New York ) - The Canadian government should carry out a full and public inquiry into the alleged torture of detainees whom Canadian forces transferred to Afghan government custody in 2006 - 07 , Human Rights Watch said today .
Senior Canadian diplomat Richard Colvin , who was based in Afghanistan in 2006 - 07 , told a House of Commons committee last week that persons taken prisoner by Canadian forces in Afghanistan and transferred to Afghan custody during that time period were likely tortured .
Colvin testified that he made repeated warnings about detainee abuse .
He said that his warnings were at first ignored by senior Canadian government officials , but he was then later instructed to " be quiet and do what we were told . "
Under the Convention Against Torture , which Canada ratified in 1987 , states are obligated to prevent , investigate , prosecute , and punish its nationals who are complicit or participate in acts of torture .
Knowingly transferring persons to a government where they are likely to be tortured may amount to complicity in torture .
" Canadians have a right to know whether their government handed people over to face torture , " said Joanne Mariner , terrorism and counterterrorism director at Human Rights Watch .
" Richard Colvin 's credible and alarming allegations merit a serious investigation . "
Human Rights
Watch said that Colvin 's testimony about torture in Afghanistan is supported by abundant independent evidence .
Local and international human rights groups working in Afghanistan have raised concerns about torture and ill treatment by Afghan security forces for years .
In a March 2004 report , Human Rights Watch found that persons in Afghan custody were held " in poor conditions , and some have been subjected to torture and other mistreatment . "
In a 2009 report based on information collected in 2006 and 2007 , the Afghanistan Independent Human Rights Commission ( AIHRC ) concluded that " torture and other cruel , inhuman , and degrading treatment are a commonplace practice in the majority of law enforcement institutions . "
The report described the methods used in Afghanistan as ranging " from punching , kicking , slapping , and humiliation to flogging by cable and electric shock , sometimes leading to a victim 's unconsciousness and death . "
The human rights record of the National Directorate of Security ( NDS ) , which , along with Afghan National Police , has accepted detainees transferred by Canadian forces , is particularly poor .
A successor to the Soviet - era Khadamat-e Etela ' at-e Dawlati ( KHAD ) , the NDS is the Afghan government 's main intelligence agency .
Neither the Afghan government nor international donors , including Canada , have made serious efforts to reform the NDS , despite its long and notorious history of torture and other human rights abuse .
As described in a 2006 letter to NATO 's secretary general , Human Rights Watch has found the NDS to be " an opaque , unaccountable , and abusive institution still governed by classified laws promulgated during Afghanistan 's communist era . "
The letter pointed out that the NDS " operates detention centers that fail to meet international standards for the treatment of detainees . "
Besides calling for a full investigation into Colvin 's allegations , Human Rights Watch criticized Canadian government officials who have aggressively attacked Colvin 's credibility and integrity .
" Canadian officials seem to be blaming the messenger rather than addressing the underlying problem of complicity in abuse of detainees , " Mariner said .
" In doing so , they are harming Canada 's reputation as a defender of human rights , and setting a glaringly bad example in the treatment of whistle blowers . "
Human Rights
Watch also raised concerns that the humane treatment provisions of the Canadian - Afghan memorandum of understanding ( MoU ) that governs detainee transfers are ineffective .
The MoU between the Canadian and Afghan government relies upon the Canadian government to monitor the welfare of detainees it hands over to the Afghan government .
However , Canada does not track each individual case , and instead assumes that the AIHRC and International Committee of the Red Cross monitor detainees in Afghan detention facilities , despite being aware that these organizations are not granted unfettered access to all Afghan detention facilities .
" We have seen in other contexts , like Maher Arar 's rendition to Syria , that these paper guarantees do nothing to protect prisoners against torture and ill - treatment , " said Mariner .
" Too often they just serve as a fig leaf , to give the appearance of trying to prevent abuse . "
George Smiley is called back from retirement to investigate the capture and torture of an agent in Czechoslovakia and to seek out a mole believed to be at the heart of the Circus .
Dramatisation by Shaun McKenna of John le Carre 's classic novel featuring intelligence officer George Smiley .
Ever since the capture and torture of their agent in Czechoslovakia , the British Secret Intelligence Service has been in trouble .
Now , the government has been forced to call George Smiley back from retirement to investigate the whole incident and to seek out the mole they believe to be at the heart of the service .
George Smiley ...... Simon Russell Beale
Ann Smiley ......
Anna Chancellor
Jim Prideaux ......
Anthony Calf
Peter Guillam ...... Ewan Bailey
Oliver Lacon ...... Alex Jennings
Ricki Tarr ...... Jamie Foreman
Irina ......
Vera Filatova
Mendel ...... Kenneth Cranham
Connie Sachs ...... Maggie Steed
Magyar ......
Peter Majer
Roddy Martindale ...... Philip Fox
Bill Roach ...... Ryan Watson
This episode is available until 3.00 pm on Sunday 2nd May as part of the Series Catch - up Trial .
During the last two decades , the percentage of the U.S. economy devoted to consumer spending went up and up and up - from 67 % of GDP to 72 % , a huge increase .
http://www.dailyreckoning.com.au/us-economy-devoted-to-consumer-spending/2008/07/31/
Now , with credit tight , wages flat - lining and unemployment steadily ticking higher , consumers are strapped .
Personal spending in the second quarter was $ 195 billion below the figure for the same period last year .
That 1.9 % drop is significant — over the 20 years that ended in 2006 , consumer spending reliably increased at an annual 3.3 % rate .
http://www.usatoday.com/money/economy/2009-10-11-consumer-spending_N.htm?csp=34
This has been on my mind for some time now as well .
My current financial situation has created a huge obstacle in my old habits of consumerism .
My families survival needs are met , and we have found contentment within our purchasing restraints .
I find myself wondering what it is that I would actually want , if I had extra money to go around ?
At the same time , however , I wonder what would happen to all the billions of people on this planet if even just 5 % decided that they no longer desired material objects .
How many jobs would be lost ?
What would people do to earn an income if they were n't needed in jobs that support consumerism ?
How would science advance ?
What would drive our economy so that we could still share resources and knowledge if the motivation of earning an income was extinguished ?
I believe that there are major philosophical and political issues / implications that would arise as a result of millions of people changing thier outlook on capitalism .
I am personally not a fan , but I wonder if some people would even know what to do with themselves if they did n't want to work to buy stuff , or go to the bar afterwards .
And finally , how could this effect you or I in the long term ?
A recent thought - provoking comment from a reader provided the opportunity for the following post in which I would like to tap into the wisdom of all those who pass by this humble blog .
The comment was in responseto my recent post on desires , consumer culture , and advertising .
What will happen if many of us decide to not buy anything ?
What if it becomes a way of life , not just a temporary setback before resuming borrowing and spending ?
What will a post - consumer culture look like ?
We can't all not buy anything and expect our world to remain the same .
But you know the trend has begun when economists like David Rosenberg are talking about a " new frugality " cutting into consumer spending .
We are cutting back and thinking twice about our discretionary spending .
Many of us are deciding not to buy anything , or at least not as much as before .
We are re-evaluating our role as consumers .
The Jones ' have left the neighborhood , and we ain't lookin ' over the fence any more .
And now , to the comment : Thank you to Pzeffan for his comment .
I would like to do a bit of future visioning of my own .
The murky view in my crystal ball reveals that cooperatives will be a larger part of the solution in the future .
The cooperative movement began in Europe in the 19th century in response to rapid industrialization .
There are thriving housing cooperatives around the world .
I lived in one quite contentedly for a decade .
There are also retail cooperatives like MEC in Canada , and REI in the U.S. Worker cooperatives in developing nations are realizing great success .
In these endeavours all members benefit , not just a small elite at the top .
The membership shares in control of the venture , and in the benefits that flow from it .
I see a frugal future where we humbly come together in communities in order to help support one another , and realize the benefits of our cooperative efforts .
It is already happening , with about 800 million members globally participating in the cooperative movement .
The current crisis of greed yields an opportunity to try a different model , and a better way of life .
My vision sees the dark , polluted fumes of excess and luxury clearing , and a brighter , more cooperative future for all just over the horizon .
What do you see in the post - consumer future ?
How will we overcome the challenges inherent in the continuing shift toward a less individual , competitive , materialistic culture ?
” Man höll tyst av plikt mot landet ”
Av : Magnus Sundholm
Publicerad : 22 december 2009 kl. 00.00
Uppdaterad : 10 mars 2011 kl. 00.01
Aftonbladet har pratat med kvinnan som avslöjade Israels organstölder
’HAR INTE VÅGAT BERÄTTA ’
I fredags offentliggjordes en intervju med Yehuda Hiss , överläkare .
Han bekräftar att han och hans kollegor tog hud , hornhinnor , hjärtklaffar och ben .
Intervjun gjordes av Nancy Scheper - Hughes .
Först nu väljer hon att gå ut med materialet .
” Jag har träffat kirurger som har plågats av dåligt samvete och velat berätta .
Men de har inte vågat ” , säger hon.
17 augusti 2009 .
LOS ANGELES .
Att armén tog organ utan medgivanden från anhöriga var en välkänd hemlighet i Israel .
Det hävdar Berkeley - professorn Nancy Scheper - Hughes i en exklusiv intervju med Aftonbladet .
– Men av pliktkänslor mot landet och av rädsla för att bli svartlistad höll man tyst , säger hon .
När Aftonbladets kulturredaktion tidigare i år skrev om misstänkt organhandel ledde det till skarpa protester .
Uppgifterna avfärdades som lögner och Aftonbladet anklagades för anti-semitisk propaganda .
” Högst informellt ”
Men i fredags offentliggjordes en intervju med Yehuda Hiss , överläkare vid Israels rättsmedicinska institut Abu Kabir .
Han bekräftar att han och hans kollegor tog hud , hornhinnor , hjärtklaffar och ben .
Organen togs från bland andra israeliska soldater och palestinier utan tillstånd från de anhöriga .
– Vi började samla in hornhinnor .
Allt som gjordes var högst informellt , säger han i intervjun .
Han beskriver ocks å hur han och hans kollegor försökte mörka ingreppen .
– Vi limmade ihop ögonen .
Vi tog inte hornhinnor från familjer som vi visste skulle öppna ögonlocken , säger han .
” Har varit en svår tid ”
Intervjun med Hiss gjordes av antropologen Nancy Scheper - Hughes i början av 2000 - talet .
Änd å är det först nu efter kritiken mot Aftonbladet som hon valt att gå ut med materialet .
– Det har varit en svår tid .
Innan jag kunde gå ut med det ville jag bege mig till Israel för att få svar på de frågor jag hade .
Dit åkte hon i september , månaden efter Aftonbladets publicering .
Då var tongångarna i samtal med myndighetspersoner betydligt annorlunda än när hon ställde samma frågor i början av 00 - talet .
– Nu verkar alla ha accepterat att det här faktiskt pågick , säger hon .
Precis som
Hiss skyller de inblandade på dåtidens luddiga lagar .
Andra låtsas som om de inget visste om organstölderna som tros ha pågått i mer än tio år .
– Genomsnitts - israelen kanske inget visste .
Men de välutbildade och de intellektuella kända till det här .
Israeliska tidningar har till och med skrivit om det , säger hon .
Nancy Scheper - Hughes kallar förnekandet en osynlig munkavle .
– Jag har träffat kirurger som har plågats av dåligt samvete och velat berätta .
Men de har inte vågat .
Åtalet lades ner
Hon säger att
Hiss inte tycker att han gjorde fel och hon tror att många av hans kollegor kan ha resonerat på samma sätt .
Hiss tvingades sluta som chef för Abu Kabir 2004 , efter anklagelser om organstöld .
Åtalet mot honom lades ner , och han arbetar fortfarande som chefspatolog på institutet .
– Han gjorde det för sitt land , som patriot , och för armén .
Han såg det som sin plikt och det var därför han kunde berätta det för mig , säger Nancy Scheper - Hughes .
Tror du att organ fortfarande tas från kroppar utan tillstånd från anhöriga ?
– Jag vet inte .
Det sägs att förfarandet upphörde år 2000 och att man nu alltid begär tillstånd .
Israels hälsoministerium säger i en kommentar till israeliska
TV2 att alla organ togs efter medgivande , samtidigt som man medger att riktlinjerna inte var helt tydliga på den tiden .
Men de senaste 10 åren har verksamheten på Abu Kabir utövats i enighet med ” etiska regler och judisk lag ” .
KOPIERA LÄNK
As I 've worked through Uncertainty estimates in regional and global observed temperature changes : a new dataset from 1850 to reproduce the work done by the Met Office I 've come up against something I do n't understand .
I 've written to the Met Office about it , but until I get a reply this blog post is to ask for opinions from any of my dear readers .
In section 6.1 Brohan et al. talk about the problem of coverage bias .
If you read this blog post you 'll see that in the 1800s there were n't many temperature stations operating and so only a small fraction of the Earth 's surface was being observed .
There was a very big jump in the number of stations operating in the 1950s .
That means that when using data to estimate the global ( or hemispheric ) temperature anomaly you need to take into account some error based on how well a small number of stations act as a proxy for the actual temperature over the whole globe .
I 'm calling this the coverage bias .
To estimate that Brohan et al. use the NCEP / NCAR 40 - Year Reanalysis Project data to get an estimate of the error for the groups of stations operating in any year .
Using that data it 's possible on a year by year basis to calculate the mean error caused by limited coverage and its standard deviation ( assuming a normal distribution ) .
I 've now done the same analysis and I have two problems : 1 . I get much wider error range for the 1800s than is seen in the paper .
2 . I do n't understand why the mean error is n't taken into account .
Note that in the rest of this entry I am using smoothed data as described by the Met Office here .
I am applying the same 21 point filter to the data to smooth it .
My data starts at 1860 because the first 10 years are being used to ' prime ' the filter .
I extend the data as described on that page .
First here 's the smooth trend line for the northern hemisphere temperature anomaly derived from the Met Office data as I have done in other blog posts and without taking into account the coverage bias .
And here 's the chart showing the number of stations reporting temperatures by year ( again this is smoothed using the same process ) .
Just looking at that chart you can see that there were very few stations reporting temperature in the mid-1800s and so you 'd expect a large error when trying to extrapolate to the entire northern hemisphere .
This chart shows the number of stations by year ( as in the previous chart ) , it 's the green line , and then the mean error because of the coverage bias ( red line ) .
For example , in 1860 the coverage bias error is just under 0.4C ( meaning that if you use the 1860 stations to get to the northern hemisphere anomaly you 'll be too hot by about 0.4C .
You can see that as the number of stations increases and global coverage improves the error drops .
And more interesting still is the coverage bias error with error bars showing one standard deviation .
As you might expect the error is much greater when there are fewer stations and settles down as the number increases .
With lots of stations you get a mean error near 0 with very little variation : i.e. it 's a good sample .
Now , to put all this together I take the mean coverage bias error for each year and use it to adjust the values from the Met Office data .
This causes a small downward change which emphasizes that warming appears to have started around 1900 .
The adjusted data is the green line .
Now if you plot just the adjusted data but put back in the error bars ( and this time the error bars are 1.96 standard deviations since the published literature uses a 95 % confidence ) you get the following picture :
And now I 'm worried because something 's wrong , or at least something 's different .
1 .
The published paper on HadCRUT3 does n't show error bars anything like this for the 1800s .
In fact the picture ( below ) shows almost no difference in the error range ( green area ) when the coverage is very , very small .
2 . The paper does n't talk about adjusting using the mean .
So I think there are two possibilities : A. There 's an error in the paper and I 've managed to find it .
I consider this a remote possibility and I 'd be astonished if I 'm actually right and the peer reviewed paper is wrong .
B.
There 's something wrong in my program in calculating the error range from the sub - sampling data .
If I am right and the paper is wrong there 's a scary conclusion ... take a look at the error bars for 1860 and scan your eyes right to the present day .
The current temperature is within the error range for 1860 making it difficult to say that we know that it 's hotter today than 150 years ago .
The trend is clearly upwards but the limited coverage appears to say that we can't be sure .
So , dear readers , is there someone else out there who can double check my work ?
Go do the sub - sampling yourself and see if you can reproduce the published data .
Read the paper and tell me the error of my ways .
UPDATE
It suddenly occurred to me that the adjustment that they are probably using is n't the standard deviation but the standard error .
I 'll need to rerun the numbers to see what the shape looks like , but it should reduce the error bounds a lot .
UPDATE
Here 's what the last graph looks like if I swap out the standard deviation for the standard error .
That 's more like it , I 'm going to guess that this what Brohan et al. are doing ( without saying it explicitly ) .
But that does n't explain why their error seems to remain constant .
Anyone help with that ?
UPDATE
The Met Office has replied to my email with an explanation of what 's going on with the mean and standard deviation and I 'll post it shortly .
UPDATE
Please read this post which shows that my code contained an error in interpreting longitude which results in a chart that looks like the one from the Met Office .
Labels : climate change , pseudo - randomness
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News
The team made a reconstruction of the Mediterranean during the " megaflood "
Research has revealed details of the catastrophic Zanclean flood that refilled the Mediterranean Sea more than five million years ago .
The flood occurred when Atlantic waters found their way into the cut - off and desiccated Mediterranean basin .
The researchers say that a 200 km channel across the Gibraltar strait was carved out by the floodwaters .
Their findings , published in Nature , show that the resulting flood could have filled the basin within two years .
The team was led by Daniel Garcia - Castellanos from the Research Council of Spain ( CSIC ) .
He explained that he and his colleagues laid the foundations for this study by working on tectonic lakes .
This ... may have involved peak rates of sea level rise in the Mediterranean of more than 10 m per day
Daniel Garcia - Castellanos
Research Council of Spain
They developed a model of how the mountain lakes quickly " cease to exist " when erosion produces " outlet rivers " that drain them .
This same principle , Dr Garcia - Castellanos said , could be used to explain the Zanclean flood that reconnected the Mediterranean with the rest of the World 's oceans .
" We could for the first time link the amount of water crossing the channel with the amount of erosion causing it to grow over time , " he told BBC News .
New approach
Using existing borehole and seismic data , his team showed how the flood would have begun with water spilling over a sill .
The water would have gradually eroded a channel into the strait , eventually triggering a catastrophic flood , Dr Garcia - Castellanos explained .
He and his colleagues created a computer model to estimate the duration of the flood , and found that , when the " incision channel " reached a critical depth , the water flow sped up .
In a period ranging from a few months to two years , the scientists say that 90 % of the water was transferred into the basin .
" This extremely abrupt flood may have involved peak rates of sea level rise in the Mediterranean of more than 10 m per day , " he and his colleagues wrote in the Nature paper .
Previous estimates of the duration of the flood were very variable , said Dr Garcia - Castellanos , because scientists " had to assume the size of the channel " rather than measure it .
Some estimates suggested that the flood continued for as long as 10,000 years .
Rob Govers , a geoscientist from Utrecht University in the Netherlands , who was not involved in this study , said that the findings were important .
" I think the authors have been very creative using existing data and making sense of it in a completely new way , " he said .
Dr Govers said the next important step would be to measure the volume of breccia , or ancient eroded material , in the strait , to confirm whether there was enough material there to have filled the flood channel .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WIN SIGNED ALL SAINTS PIX AND 'ROCK STEADY ' SINGLES !
All Saints are back with a brand new single  Rock Steady , the first release from their eagerly anticipated album  Studio 1  out on November 20th .
Robbie Williams
Lovelight
Windows Media Real Media
Lily Allen
Littlest Things
Windows Media Real Media
Richard Ashcroft
Why Not Nothing
Windows Media Real Media
The Return of All Saints
Its been five long years without All Saints but now with a much - talked about reunion and comeback album , Studio 1 , the charts are sure to be a much more exciting place
find out more or get more music news
Simons Good ' Grace ' !
Hot on the heels of last years double platinum selling debut ' Sanctuary ' , Simon Webbe is back with his second offering , ' Grace ' - out now !
find out more or get more music news
' Soft Rock Ballads '
find out more or get more music news
The Little Ones with Big Talent
find out more or get more music news
Lions And Tigers And Lions , Oh My !
find out more or get more music news
New Boy Band Alert - Welcome 365 !
find out more or get more music news
ANJUNABEATS
Snoop Dogg The Author ??
The Human League - ' Original Remixes & Rarities '
More Than 40 Years After The Start Of The Beatles And Going Strong !
Latest Tour Dates From Los de Abajo And Mariza ....
There 's Only One Angela Gheorghiu ....
Pop group splits and award ceremonies a- plenty
Derek 's great story on Peter Bondra brought back some memories that should be bitter but are in truth rather sweet .
Bondra was one hell of a player , I loved the guy even when he was driving a stake through my heart .
This happened twice in 2002 .
There was Derek 's called shot hat trick against my Oilers , and then a few weeks later Bondra was the principle assassin as Slovakia knocked Canada out of the World Championships .
That 's a story in itself .
It is without a doubt my favourite Canadian loss ever , as it was the first chapter in one of the greatest underdog stories in hockey history .
The bloodless revolution which should have set an example around the world -- one of the amicable divorcees installed a playwright as its president , for goodness ' sake -- nonetheless seemed at the time to be a death blow to the competitiveness of the former hockey power , Czechoslovakia .
Instead , both sides emerged as forces still to be reckoned with .
It took the Czechs about five years to recover , then go on an unprecedented roll which saw them win the Olympics , two consecutive world juniors , and three consecutive world senior championships around Y2K .
The Slovaks seemed by comparison to be on the wrong side of the tracks .
A tiny nation of ~ 5 million , they were shown zero respect , initially installed in C Pool in the worlds , then taking a gang reaming at the pleasure of the NHL , IOC , and IIHF in the winter Olympic games .
At Salt Lake City earlier that winter , the " Big 6 " got a bye into the second round and essentially right on into the medal since all 8 second round teams made it .
Meanwhile Slovakia had to qualify among the hockey minnows for Round 2 , and do so without their stars who were n't released from their NHL clubs in time .
They lost their first two games before reinforcements arrived , and that was that , their Olympics were done .
It was the royal shaft in about every manner imaginable , and one would imagine it was particularly hurtful to the Slovaks that they were treated in such a second class manner to the Czechs so soon after the Velvet Revolution .
It was like the Czechs were treated like former Czechoslovaks and the Slovaks were n't , if you follow me .
Suddenly at the worlds , the shoe was on the other foot .
As luck had it , many of the top Slovak stars either missed the NHL playoffs or got knocked out in the first round .
While they still missed the likes of Zdeno Chara , Marian Hossa , and Pavol Demitra , every country could say the same about top stars either unable or unwilling to play .
For example , the host Swedes were missing Peter Forsberg , Mats Sundin , and Daniel Alfredsson .
Manager Peter Stastny had no trouble convincing the Slovak players who were available to show up , and they showed up on a mission .
It was quite a line - up , particularly up front : the NHL's most underrated superstar , Peter Bondra ; team captain and tournament leading scorer , ex -Oiler Miro Satan ; deadly sniper and surprising playmaker Ziggy Palffy ; proven two - way centres Josef Stumpel and Michal Handzus ; rising talent Ladislav Nagy , Lubos Bartecko , Vladimir ( Gesundheit ) Orszagh and a couple of youngsters who had n't ( yet ) crossed The Pond .
The blueline corps was fairly solid but unspectacular , led by Richard Lintner and future Oiler Lubomir Visnovsky .
The goaltender was Jan Lasak who had ended the season in Nashville , and he played brilliantly .
I had the good fortune of seeing all three of Slovakia 's sudden - death games on the tube , and it was riveting hockey .
Thanks to the wonders of Youtube , game highlights are readily available from the Slovakian telecasts of the day , and are well worth the watch if you have a few minutes .
The first two feature the Slovakia - Canada game .
Against a Canadian team that featured Oilers Ryan Smyth , Eric Brewer , Steve Staios , Mike Comrie , and Dan Cleary , the Slovaks dominated early , fell behind 2 - 0 against the flow of play , then started their comeback on a great individual effort by Bondra with one second to go in the second period ( around 8:30 of the first video ) .
Early in the third , Comrie took an undisciplined slashing penalty , and the awesome Slovak powerplay ( Bondra , Palffy , and Satan were all in the top five in the NHL in PP goals that season ) made him pay on a well - engineered goal by Satan .
Before Canada could recover , Bondra was set up in the slot and buried an absolute rocket ( around 1:45 of the second video ) .
J- S Giguere played well , but he had no chance on the goals by these snipers .
( Listen to the play - by - play guy , who cracks me up , seemingly mocking Giguere right after the 3 - 2 goal . )
Once ahead , the Slovaks defended more effectively than Canada had done , although in the last two minutes the Canadians poured on the pressure , and Lasak absolutely robbed Comrie with a brilliant save to preserve the win .
But it was a deserved win ; the Slovaks were the better team on the day .
The Swedish game was much more one of those " team of destiny " type games .
Once again the Slovaks fell behind 2 - 0 .
Late in the second period there was a frantic sequence where Orszagh pulled down a breaking Swede on a near - penalty - shot situation ; the Swedes poured it on for the full two minutes of the PP with Lasak standing on his head , only to be caught on an odd - man rush when Orszagh came out of the box just in time to receive a head - man pass and go in and pick the top corner .
2 - 1 , and the exuberance was absolutely sucked out of the Swedish fans .
The Swedes still appeared to be in control in the third , but took a late and deserved penalty for checking Satan from behind .
Satan got his revenge with a tying PP goal just as the two minute announcement was being made .
The game went to OT with pulsating , end - to - end action , featuring a miraculous Cujo - on - Nieuwendyk type emergency save by Lasak .
The damn satellite feed went down at that point , but came back in time for the shootout .
Lasak remained unbeatable , with glove side , stick side , poke check , and five - hole saves ; then - Oilers goalie Tommy Salo made two fine stops on low shots before Palffy and Lintner buried a couple under the crossbar to put it away .
The final featured another hockey giant , Russia .
Like the Slovaks , they too had pulled off what could be considered ( at least on paper ) two huge upsets .
The Russians had only three active NHLers , and a handful of formers , including captain and another ex-Oiler , Andrei ( In the Tank ) Kovalenko .
Although history said otherwise , Slovakia could clearly be considered the favourites based on ( known ) talent .
They quickly jumped into a first - minute lead which they stretched to 2 - 0 , then 3 - 1 on goals by Visnosky , Bondra , and Satan .
They missed some great chances to make it a three - goal lead , then came out for the third period very nervous , looking very much like a team unaccustomed to playing with a lead .
They stayed back in their own end , content to shoot the puck out if they could , doing nothing offensively , falling and diving around with hero plays rather than playing the type of hockey that got them there .
Sure enough , the Russians got a couple to tie it up and it looked like the Slovakian dream might come crashing down in humiliating fashion .
Instead , with under two minutes left , Palffy broke out with the puck and wisely fed Bondra , who calmly fired a sniper 's bullet in off the post .
It was only the second shot of the period for the Slovaks , but it was the telling blow in a game that was more tense than it was wide - open exciting .
For Bondra it was his 7th goal and 3rd game - winner , and raised his plus-minus to +12 ( he was on the ice for 12 goals for and zero goals against ) ; all were tournament highs .
Bondra 's winner occurs around the 2:10 mark of the embedded clip , although the entire 6 - minute video should be required watching for anybody who poohpoohs the World Senior Men 's Hockey Championships as unimportant .
Seeing the bedlam in Bratislava 's Main Square in the immediate aftermath of Bondra 's snipe with 100 seconds remaining in the Gold Medal Game is enough even all these years later to bring a tear to the eye of this sentimental old fool .
And I 'm not even Slovakian .
As the clock wound down , the joy of the Slovaks was great to see .
They 'd gotten some breaks along the way , but surely they 'd earned a couple over the years , and when the situation presented itself , they took advantage .
To see them bellowing the Slovakian anthem ( the beautiful " second half " of the old Czechoslovak hymn that we once heard fairly frequently ) was a wonderful sight if not sound .
For your added viewing pleasure check out this clip of the post - game celebration , highlighted around the 42 - second mark when Lubo Visnovsky literally bounds into the room wearing a grin to light up the world .
Canada 's quarter final loss was an anticlimax to an Olympian season , and just a momentary setback in a series of triumphs ; the Red Maple Leaf would return to win the Worlds in both 2003 and 2004 .
That spring of 2002 , though , was Slovakia 's time to shine .
Peter Bondra , who led the tournament in goals ( 7 ) , game - winning goals ( 3 ) and plus ( +12 by being on the ice for 12 goals for and zero goals against ) , shone the brightest of all .
It was the crowning moment of a great career .
I am suspect A on the spotter card printed by the Guardian , and I am , in the eyes of the police force , a " domestic extremist " .
This comes as no surprise to me nor did it come as any surprise to my friends , family or colleagues .
I made a difficult decision to go public with the Kingsnorth story – when video footage showing me being violently arrested made the front pages – and so it did n't make much difference to my life to be splashed across the national media labelled as a " domestic extremist . "
As highlighted today , " domestic extremist " is a term propagated by an unaccountable private company , the Association of Chief Police Officers .
It seems to span anything from attending the wrong meetings , associating with other " known " people , being seen at protests and supporting or taking part in any form of direct action .
Superintendent David Hartshorn , a senior figure in the Metropolitan police 's public order branch recently testified at a Fitwatch trial as to what 's required to make it onto Scotland Yard 's picture database , stating it only takes " more than passing contact " with someone already known or a subjective assessment about the way someone is " behaving " to warrant admission .
I was n't shocked to find myself on the spotter card when it was discovered in 2005 – although I was surprised to find myself at the top of it .
Unfortunately , I can't say the same for others on the card , many of whom have no criminal records , and have struggled to keep their political lives separate from their professional / family lives .
The Guardian 's decision to print the spotter card , without permission from those pictured and without blurring their faces is deeply regrettable .
Inclusion on the spotter cards has nothing to do with keeping tabs on domestic extremists and everything to do with harassment .
If the police really believe they have grounds to monitor us there are plenty of covert methods at their disposal .
In 2005 , they did n't need a riot van full of cops to follow myself and my 18 - month - old child after meetings .
Similarly , in 2004 , it was unnecessary to repeatedly use flash photography while I was breastfeeding my son .
Still , we are lucky .
My organisation , Fit Watch , was formed in response to more than 10 years of harassment and intimidation of protesters by police forward intelligence teams ( Fit ) , and we , and others have worked hard to expose police misbehaviour – and the policing of these sort of protests is starting to change .
Unfortunately other groups are not so lucky .
A recent Fit Watch trial centred around our arrest for obstructing Fits who were repeatedly following and photographing a group of young Asian males , who by the police 's own admission , had done nothing more than act " as a group " and be " young and male " .
Although there are damaging consequences for those of us labelled as domestic extremists , at least we are not on a database of potential Islamic terrorists for having the audacity to be angry at the slaughter in Gaza .
It is really important to mark some of the abuses which have happened in the past , and I am glad after so many years of harassment to have a voice .
However , it is more important we fight to ensure these abuses do not continue happening to others , and show these practices are not acceptable at any protests .
This morning my colleague Rob Hanz wrote an interesting email that went viral in my corner of Microsoft .
He graciously allowed me to share it with you here .
I hope you enjoy it too .
Blink and subconscious messaging
Robert Hanz
I was reading Blink last night , and one of the things it mentioned is how subconscious signals can significantly impact conscious activity .
For instance , one experiment took jumbled , semi-random words and had the subjects arrange them into sentences .
After they finished these , they would need to go down to the hall and speak to a person at an office to sign out of the test .
But the test was n’t the actual sentences – mixed in with the words to form sentences were one of two sets of words .
One set had a lot of words regarding patience and cooperation , while the other had words regarding belligerence and impatience .
The test was to see the behavior of the student when the person they needed to talk to was engaged in a conversation and was unable to help them .
The group that had the belligerent words waited , on average , about 5 minutes before interrupting the conversation .
The group with the patient wordset waited indefinitely .
The test was designed to end after I believe 10 minutes of waiting – not a single “ patient ” subject ever interrupted the conversation .
Reading this , one of the things that came to mind was some of the different messaging used by waterfall projects vs. agile projects , and how often we hear them .
Waterfall :
“ Bug ” ( used for just about anything that needs to be done by a developer )
“ Priority one ”
“ Due by ”
“ Stabilization ”
( this in addition to the frequently long list of “ bugs ” that confronts developers every day )
Agile :
“ User story ”
“ Customer value ”
“ Velocity ”
( in addition , the list of work to be done is usually scoped to be possible within a single week )
When I thought about the differences in words , I was really struck by how different the messaging was .
In the waterfall case , the message was overwhelmingly negative – it focused on failures , urgency , and almost a sense of distrust .
It seemed that the language seemed to be geared around ways that individuals messed up , and how everything is an emergency that must be dealt with immediately .
And , if you think about it , in a waterfall culture there is typically no frequent reward or messaging of success – the best you can typically hope for ( for much of the cycle ) is to avoid failure .
And the idea that you ’re actually producing value is very much removed from the language .
On the other hand , the agile language itself focuses on results , not failures .
Stories are typically “ done ” or “ not done , ” and while bugs are certainly tracked , at a high level that ’s usually just a statement that the story is “ not done . ”
Combine this with sprint reviews ( where the team shows what they ’ve accomplished ) , and the overall message becomes very much focused on the successes of the team , rather than the failures .
Progress is measured by value added , not by failures avoided .
Even something as low - level as TDD consistently gives its practitioners a frequent message of success with the “ green bar . ”
While I certainly believe that agile development has many advantages in terms of reducing iteration time and tightening feedback loops , among other things , is it possible that something as simple as the shift in language is also a significant part of the effectiveness ?
That by priming individuals with messages of success and value , rather than messages of failure , that morale and productivity can be boosted ?
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
The Obama White House keeps running smack into fundamental and inconvenient contradictions concerning its tough slog in Afghanistan .
Most recently , on Monday , White House press secretary Robert Gibbs declared that pulling out of Afghanistan is “ not a decision that ’s on the table ” for President Obama .
Yet a few days earlier , he had said that the Obama administration can only succeed in Afghanistan if it has a partner there that “ is free of corruption and transparent . ”
That description certainly does not fit the Kabul government — not even close .
So how can the Obama administration hold on to both of these notions : that it will stick with this war and that it cannot triumph if the Afghan government and its security forces are not effective , competent and honest ?
Looking for an answer to this critical question , I asked Gibbs about the apparent conflict between these two ideas at Monday ’s press briefing .
Here ’s the exchange :
Q : One thing I do n’t understand , Robert , on Afghanistan , last week —
GIBBS : Just one ?
( Laughter . )
Q : Well , one big thing — but thank you for reminding me that there ’s more than one .
( Laughter . )
GIBBS : I was going to say , if you ’ve narrowed it down to only one , maybe you should come to the [ next White House Afghanistan strategy ] meeting .
Q : Happy to .
( Laughter . )
GIBBS : I understand from April apparently you ’ve got to walk a long way away [ around the White House , due to anti-war protesters ] to get to the —( laughter . )
Q : I ’ll make the sacrifice .
( Laughter . )
Last week you said that it was clear from —
GIBBS : I ’m sorry , who said ?
Q : You said —
GIBBS : Okay .
Q : — from that podium that last — that for there to be success in Afghanistan , you needed a partner that was free of corruption , and transparent .
Now you ’ve also said today that pulling out of Afghanistan is just not on the table , not under consideration .
Well , what do you do then if you do n’t have a partner that ’s free of corruption and transparent ?
Because right now that seems to be a very open question about the government in Afghanistan .
GIBBS : Well , look , you have to ensure , as we dedicate more resources , that you have that type of partner ; that actions are taken to ensure that there ’s confidence and credibility .
I think many of us read the story today about — from — I think it ’s from — my numbers may be a tad off on this , but from 2002 to 2008 , two generals in Pakistan mentioned that of the six , more than — a little bit more than $ 6 billion that was to go to aid the Pakistani army , approximately $ 500 million reached its intended target .
I do n’t think it ’s any wonder that our efforts , particularly based on aiding the Pakistan army over that time period , was seen as not altogether very successful — and now we know why .
We have to ensure that we have a partner that is capable of partnering with us as we go through this .
At this point , other journalists jumped in .
One reporter asked , “ You mean in Afghanistan ? ” Gibbs said no , he was talking about Pakistan :
I ’m simply using an example in a region of what happens when you do n’t have a partner that is an effective partner and willing to do what has to be done to make progress .
It ’s just simply —
But , another reporter interrupted , “ it sounds like you ’re stuck with an ineffective partner .
If you ca n’t pull out and you ’ve got a bad partner , what do you do ? ”
My point , precisely .
Gibbs went on :
You take steps to make sure that your partner is ready , willing , and able to assist in a way that is effective and matches , through their effort , the resources that you ’re dedicating to deal with this problem .
I use that example because in many ways for that six - year or seven - year period of time , nothing was done .
Before I could , someone else asked the obvious follow - up :
Q : Well , then are we doomed to more problems with Karzai because he ’s not transparent or not cooperating or corrupt ?
GIBBS : … I think — I think that we are clearly going to have to take actions to ensure that everybody is working collectively to get this right .
We — no amount of additional American resources that are siphoned off and not going to the problem that they ’re directed at , no increase or amount is going to fix a problem if those resources ultimately do n’t get to where they ’re going .
Now , something of a small feeding frenzy was underway :
Q : Then how do you make sure the resources get to where they ’re going ?
You ’ve just quoted what happened in Pakistan .
Why are — GIBBS :
We will work to ensure that they do .
I think that ’s the very least that any of — that anybody can ask if we ’re dedicating the lives of men and women in our uniform to ensure that this is done in a way that ultimately protects them .
The issue here , of course , is how can the Obama administration ensure that there ’s a decent government and an effective security force in Afghanistan ?
Gibbs never detailed that .
Nor did he address what would happen if Washington failed to ensure that such a partner was available for the war effort in Afghanistan .
Throughout this exchange , it was hard not to think of Vietnam , where the Kennedy and Johnson administrations were never able to ensure the existence of a competent and corruption - free South Vietnamese government .
To make the Vietnam metaphor more pointed , as Gibbs was speaking , protesters calling for withdrawing troops from Afghanistan were holding a “ die-in ” at the White House gate — an action that Gibbs said he was not aware of — and Gibbs even used the phrase “ the best and the brightest ” during the briefing , while referring to the US soldiers serving in Afghanistan .
After I had posed my question , other reporters in the room sensed that the White House is in a bind , and they pounced .
My intent was not to trigger a gotcha moment .
But as Obama moves ahead with his Afghanistan policy review — prior to rendering a decision about whether to send more troops — he has to contend with this dilemma .
He must do so not only in his behind - closed - doors policy sessions with his national security team , but in his conversation with the public about the war .
After all , this may be a difficult truth to handle , but it ’s not a hard one to see .
You can follow David Corn ’s postings and media appearances via Twitter .
Brazilian architecture has produced interesting works in the business / retail area , often limited to just interior design .
Recent works by Marcio Kogan , Marcelo Alvarango or Tao Arquitetura are good examples of a tradition that , in my personal opinion , has a peak at Mendes da Rocha ’s Forma store in Sao Paulo .
If you ever go to Sao Paulo to visit local architecture , don´t be afraid of your girlfriend / wife taking you to shopping , there´s lots to see there .
Leonardo Finotti shared with us an interesting project by local architect Isay Weinfeld that is up to this brazilian standard , the Libraria da Vila bookstore in Sao Paulo .
An hermetic volume with a pivoting book facade contains an interesting space filled with books distributed over 3 levels as you can see on the photos :
Save this picture !
Underground Floor view © Leonardo Finotti
Save this picture !
Stairway to the underground Floor © Leonardo Finotti
Save this picture !
Ground Floor view ; underground Floor below © Leonardo Finotti
Save this picture !
View from the First Floor toward stairway to the ground Floor © Leonardo Finotti
Save this picture !
Room surrounded with bookshelfs on the ground Floor and underground © Leonardo Finotti
Save this picture !
Stairway to the First Floor © Leonardo Finotti
Save this picture !
Ground Floor ; stairway to the First Floor on right © Leonardo Finotti
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Friday , November 6 , 2009
Despite the fact that Fort Hood gunman Nidal Malik Hasan was a psychiatrist , the media has failed to even raise the question of whether he was taking psychotropic drugs before he gunned down over a dozen of his colleagues during yesterday ’s tragic rampage , a hefty indictment of how the establishment rushes to blame politics , religion , gun rights , or any other factor for mass shootings in order to hide the direct link between such massacres and the use of anti-depressant drugs .
It has been confirmed that Hasan was an Army psychiatrist at Fort Hood .
Psychiatrists have a history of “ self - medication ” because of the easy access they have to psychotropic drugs .
In almost every major mass shooting over the past two decades , since anti-depressant drugs became popular , the killer has been on SSRI ’s – serotonin reuptake inhibitors .
The establishment media , allied closely as it is with the pharmaceutical industry , uniformly fails to stress this common factor , preferring instead to blame shootings on gun rights or , as in the case of Hasan , political motives .
However , any fair study of mass shootings cannot justifiably come to any other conclusion but the fact that SSRI ’s play a central role in causing assassin’s to go berserk and engage in the kind of carnage that the average person struggles to comprehend .
[ efoods ] Immediately after we learned of the Virginia Tech massacre , the largest mass shooting in U.S. history by a single gunman , we predicted that the assassin would be on psychotropic drugs , which is exactly what turned out to be the case .
Columbine shooters Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold , as well as 15 - year - old Kip Kinkel , the Oregon killer who gunned down his parents and classmates , were all on psychotropic drugs .
Robert Hawkins , the 19 year old who killed himself and eight other people with an assault rifle in Omaha , Nebraska in December 2007 had a history of treatment with psychiatric drugs for depression and ADHD ( Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder ) and was on prozac .
Jeff Weise , the Red Lake High School killer was on prozac , “ Unabomber ” Ted Kaczinski , Michael McDermott , John Hinckley , Jr. , Byran Uyesugi , Mark David Chapman and Charles Carl Roberts IV , the Amish school killer , were all on SSRI psychotropic drugs .
Northern Illinois University killer Steven Kazmierczak had taken Prozac .
Since these deadly drugs are prevalent in almost all mass shooting incidents , where is the call to ban prozac ?
Why is the knee - jerk reaction always to attack the 2nd Amendment rights of Americans to self - defense ?
The fact that yesterday ’s shooting occurred on an Army base is the only reason that the establishment media has been unable to blame the carnage on gun rights .
Instead , they have exploited Hasan ’s religion to stir up more hatred for Muslims in a crude attempt to reinvigorate flagging public support for the war on terror .
Scientific studies proving that prozac encourages suicidal tendencies are voluminous and span back nearly a decade .
In 2005 , it was revealed that Eli Lilly had full knowledge of a 1200 % increase in suicide risk for takers of their Prozac .
This evidence came in the wake of findings published in the British Medical Journal a year previously .
In 2006 a report was published outlining the fact that anti-depressant drug Paxil doubles the risk of violent behavior .
Another study published in the Archives of General Psychiatry revealed that teens taking antidepressant drugs are more likely to commit suicide .
It is a well known fact among the makers of these drugs that they are directly linked to behavioral disturbances including agitation , panic attacks and extreme aggression , yet their use is so commonplace that they have now even found their way into our drinking water .
The corporate media , owned as it is by the U.S. military - industrial complex , will continue to gratuitously and shamelessly exploit yesterday ’s tragedy by characterizing Hasan ’s religious and political beliefs as the main motivation behind the massacre , without even investigating whether or not he was taking psychotropic drugs and what role these played in why he suddenly snapped , a character trait completely at odds with how Hasan ’s own family described his personality .
The videos below highlight the connection between psychotropic drugs and violence .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Visitors to a New Zealand oceanarium watched in astonishment when one shark tore a chunk out of another 's stomach .
But they were even more astonished when four baby sharks tumbled out of the gaping wound .
Staff at Kelly Tarlton 's Underwater World in Auckland had no idea the female shark was pregnant until visitors came running to tell them about the impromptu Caesarean section .
Initially sceptical , they found the mother with a large cut and four little sharks swimming around .
The oceanarium 's aquarist Fiona Davies said it was not uncommon for sharks to chomp on each other , even in the wild .
But she had never heard of an incident like this .
“ It ( the midwife shark ) had to bite a certain part to let them ( the babies ) out , and do it without killing them or her ( the mother ) , ” she explained .
Ms Davies said the unusual delivery had probably saved the baby sharks ' lives .
If the mother had given birth naturally , most likely at night , the babies would have been eaten by adult sharks and stingrays before staff could rescue them .
Staff at the aquarium removed the babies from the tank - before they could be eaten .
The mother was also removed with another four babies inside her .
All eight babies survived .
Belfast Telegraph
for updated information on Typhoon Parma ’s strike on Philippines , CLICK HERE
Typhoon Parma is beginning to interact with the landmass of the Philippines .
The Western Pacific Satellite Water Vapor Loop indicates that the dry air that had messed up the Typhoon such that its status as a super typhoon was lost has now passed .
Maximum sustained winds have decreased and so if there is some good news , its that the ferocity of the storm will probably be reduced when it makes landfall early on Saturday .
But , the issue with this storm has always been primarily the rainfall .
( see official text and discussion below )
Remember , the flooding from a week ago that killed nearly 300 people was caused by a tropical storm .
Not only will this storm bring heavy rain with landfall , it appears more and more likely that it will almost become stationary as it emerges on the north side of the Philippines .
NASA TRMM satellite indicates Parma is already bringing heavy rains to parts of the Philippines with thunderstorm tops of 8.5 miles with rainfall rates up to over 1.5 inches per hour
The forecast for Sunday is pretty much a consensus for this .
That would mean that there will be a tropical storm or typhoon sitting just offshore bringing a flow off of the South China Sea into the northern half of the Philippines for a reasonably extended period of time .
The mountainous regions of the country will do nothing but enhance rainfall rates and accumulations .
After 48 hours , there is no consensus .
The Philippines government is doing the best it can to prepare for the assault of Typhoon Parma on Saturday .
There is one scenario in which the storm moves west across the South China Sea toward Vietnam .
There is another that a trof passing to the north may pick it up and move it northeast .
Two other scenarios has Typhoon Melor moving past to the East and heading toward Japan and in its wake , the storm moves northeast .
Still another is potentially awful which would be for Melor ’s structure to be large enough to interact with Parma .
That would have Parma get forced back to the southeast for a time … or possibly back over the Philippines if it is still situtated to the northwest of the islands when that happened .
After that southeast movement , then it would get shot out to the northeast .
I call this a pinwheel situation , though I believe its more officially known as a binary interaction .
When two tropical cyclones get close to one another , they ca n’t merge but they will rotate around each other with the flow of each storm .
The official forecast for Typhoon Melor ( warning text ) is a little better as previously it had been forecast to be a super typhoon with winds gusting to 190 mph as it approached Tokyo .
But , the dry air that messed up Parma for a short time has moved east and has affected Melor .
As it stands , the latest forecast track of Typhoon Melor no longer has it actually striking Tokyo but instead brushing just offshore of the largest Japanese city with winds of about 125 kts gusting to 150 kts .
A 140 mph typhoon just off the entrance to Tokyo bay would be no picnic but I suppose its better than a direct hit from a super typhoon .
I would say that the Melor forecast 5 days out is very problematic and Tokyo or even all of Japan is not out of danger as there will be so many variables , including if / how it intereacts with Parma .
I could draw up a scenario that an interaction with Parma makes it worse for the Philippines and also bad for Japan .
But , it ’s going to do what its going to do .
Either way , its been a tough week for the Western Pacific and looks to be rough for the week ahead .
WTPN33 PGTW 030300
MSGID / GENADMIN / NAVMARFCSTCEN
PEARL HARBOR HI /JTWC //
SUBJ / TROPICAL CYCLONE WARNING //
RMKS /
12 HOUR SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS .
A. TYPHOON 19W ( PARMA ) , HAS BECOME MORE COMPACT AS CONVECTIVE
BANDS ALONG ITS WESTERN FLANK CONTINUE TO INTERACT WITH THE CENTRAL
PHILIPPINES .
THE SYSTEM REMAINS AN INTENSE TYPHOON , WITH SATELLITE
DVORAK INTENSITY ESTIMATES RANGING FROM 65 KTS ( PGTW ) TO 105 KTS
( RJTD ) .
THE SYSTEM CONTINUES TO TRACK NORTHWESTWARD ON THE PERIPHERY
OF THE SUBTROPICAL RIDGE .
A. THE FORECAST REASONING HAS NOT CHANGED SINCE THE LAST
PROGNOSTIC REASONING BULLETIN .
B. TY 19W IS EXPECTED TO MAINTAIN A NORTHWESTWARD , ALBEIT
PROGRESSIVELY SLOWER , TRAJECTORY THROUGH TAU 72 .
DURING THIS PERIOD ,
IT WILL GRADUALLY WEAKEN AS IT INTERACTS WITH THE MOUNTAIN RANGE
ALONG THE EASTERN COAST OF LUZON .
BY TAU 72 , IT WILL CROSS INTO THE
LUZON STRAIT AND BECOME QUASI -STATIONARY .
THE AVAILABLE NUMERICAL
MODEL GUIDANCE IS IN POOR AGREEMENT , WITH TWO DISTINCT SOLUTIONS
PRESENTED . THE SOLUTION SLIGHTLY FAVORED BY THIS FORECAST IS
REPRESENTED BY NGPS , EGRR , GFDN , JGSM AND THE EXTENDED FIELDS FOR
ECMWF , SHOWING A MORE WESTWARD TRACK INTO THE SOUTH CHINA SEA .
THE
OTHER SOLUTION REPRESENTED BY WBAR , GFS AND TCLAPS , SHOWS A
RECURVATURE TO THE NORTHEAST WITHOUT LANDFALL ON LUZON .
C. BEYOND TAU 72 , TYPHOON PARMA IS EXPECTED TO REMAIN QUASI -
STATIONARY AS A MID - LATITUDE TROUGH DIGS IN FROM THE NORTHWEST AND
PLACES THE SYSTEM INTO A COMPETING STEERING ENVIRONMENT .
THE
AVAILABLE NUMERIC GUIDANCE IS SPLIT ON THE EXTENDED FORECAST TRACK
WITH GFS , TCLAPS AND WBAR STEERING THE VORTEX SHARPLY TO THE RIGHT
AND THE REMAINDER OF THE PACK TOWARDS THE WEST .
THIS FORECAST GOES
WITH THE WESTWARD SOLUTION ALBEIT AT A MUCH SLOWER PACE .
THE
EXTENDED FIELDS FOR ECMWF INDICATE THAT THE SYSTEM WILL REMAIN QUASI -
STATIONARY IN THE NORTHERN SOUTH CHINA SEA BEFORE RECURVING TO THE
NORTHEAST AFTER TAU 120 .
IT IS WORTH MENTIONING THAT THERE REMAINS A
LARGE AMOUNT OF UNCERTAINTY IN THE FORECAST TRACK FOR TY 19W .
THE
FORECAST IS COMPLICATED BY THE PRESENCE OF TY 20W TO THE EAST .
THE
NUMERICAL MODEL GUIDANCE DOES NOT CURRENTLY INDICATE A DIRECT
INTERACTION BETWEEN TY 19W AND TY 20W , THE EXCEPTION OF THE GFS
MODEL .
THE GFS MODEL RECURVES TY 19W SHARPLY AFTER TAU 72 , AND
MERGES TY 19W INTO THE CIRCULATION OF TY 20W AFTER TAU 96 .
THIS
INTERACTION IS FACILITATED BY THE MIDLATITUDE TROUGH WHICH ( IN THE
OTHER MODEL FIELDS ) CAUSES THE WEAKNESS IN THE SUBTROPICAL RIDGE AND
WEAK STEERING ENVIRONMENT SEEN IN THE OTHER MODELS .
THE UNCERTAINTY
IN THE FORECAST TRACK BEYOND TAU 48 IS LARGE , WITH LARGE VARIATIONS
IN NUMERICAL VORTEX TRACKERS OCCURRING FROM MODEL RUN TO MODEL RUN .
THERE IS A ROUGHLY EVEN CHANCE FOR TY 19W TO TURN MORE WESTWARD INTO
THE SOUTH CHINA SEA OR TO RECURVE AND INTERACT WITH TY 20W IN THE
EXTENDED PERIOD .//
REMARKS :
030300Z POSITION NEAR 17.7N 122.5E .
TYPHOON 19W ( PARMA ) LOCATED
APPROXIMATELY 200 NM NORTH - NORTHEAST OF MANILA , PHILIPPINES , HAS
TRACKED NORTHWESTWARD AT 12 KNOTS OVER THE PAST SIX HOURS .
THE
SYSTEM IS CURRENTLY APPROACHING THE NORTHEASTERN TIP OF LUZON ,
PHILIPPINES AND IS EXPECTED TO MAKE LANDFALL IN THE NEXT 6 HOURS
BEFORE MOVING BACK OVER WATER IN THE LUZON STRAIT .
THE SYSTEM WILL
SLOWLY TURN TO THE EAST FROM TAU 12 THROUGH TAU 48 AS THE STEERING
ENVIRONMENT BECOMES WEAK .
19 W WILL THEN GRADUALLY ACCELERATE TO THE
EAST - NORTHEAST AS THE SUB - TROPICAL RIDGE TO THE EAST BUILDS AND
INCREASES THE STEERING FLOW .
MODEL GUIDANCE HAS BEEN IMPROVING OVER
THE LAST 12 HOURS , AND CONFIDENCE IN THE TRACK HAS INCREASED
ACCORDINGLY .
MAXIMUM SIGNIFICANT WAVE HEIGHT AT 030000Z IS 32 FEET .
NEXT WARNINGS AT 030900Z , 031500Z , 032100Z AND 040300Z .
REFER TO
TYPHOON 20W ( MELOR ) WARNINGS ( WTPN34 PGTW ) FOR SIX - HOURLY UPDATES .//
1. TYPHOON 19W ( PARMA ) WARNING NR 022
02 ACTIVE TROPICAL CYCLONES IN NORTHWESTPAC
MAX SUSTAINED WINDS BASED ON ONE - MINUTE AVERAGE
WIND RADII VALID OVER OPEN WATER ONLY
—
WARNING POSITION :
030000Z — NEAR 17.4N 122.9E
MOVEMENT PAST SIX HOURS – 315 DEGREES AT 12 KTS
POSITION ACCURATE TO WITHIN 060 NM
POSITION BASED ON CENTER LOCATED BY SATELLITE
PRESENT WIND DISTRIBUTION :
MAX SUSTAINED WINDS – 090 KT , GUSTS 110 KT
WIND RADII VALID OVER OPEN WATER ONLY
RADIUS OF 064 KT WINDS – 035 NM NORTHEAST QUADRANT
035 NM SOUTHEAST QUADRANT
035 NM SOUTHWEST QUADRANT
035 NM NORTHWEST QUADRANT
RADIUS OF 050 KT WINDS – 070 NM NORTHEAST QUADRANT
070 NM SOUTHEAST QUADRANT
050 NM SOUTHWEST QUADRANT
050 NM NORTHWEST QUADRANT
RADIUS OF 034 KT WINDS – 150 NM NORTHEAST QUADRANT
165 NM SOUTHEAST QUADRANT
105 NM SOUTHWEST QUADRANT
170 NM NORTHWEST QUADRANT
REPEAT POSIT : 17.4N 122.9E
—
FORECASTS :
12 HRS , VALID AT :
031200Z — 18.5N 121.5E
MAX SUSTAINED WINDS – 080 KT , GUSTS 100 KT
WIND RADII VALID OVER OPEN WATER ONLY
RADIUS OF 064 KT WINDS – 030 NM NORTHEAST QUADRANT
025 NM SOUTHEAST QUADRANT
025 NM SOUTHWEST QUADRANT
025 NM NORTHWEST QUADRANT
RADIUS OF 050 KT WINDS – 060 NM NORTHEAST QUADRANT
060 NM SOUTHEAST QUADRANT
045 NM SOUTHWEST QUADRANT
045 NM NORTHWEST QUADRANT
RADIUS OF 034 KT WINDS – 140 NM NORTHEAST QUADRANT
150 NM SOUTHEAST QUADRANT
105 NM SOUTHWEST QUADRANT
155 NM NORTHWEST QUADRANT
VECTOR TO 24 HR POSIT : 315 DEG / 03 KTS
—
24 HRS , VALID AT :
040000Z — 18.9N 121.1E
MAX SUSTAINED WINDS – 075 KT , GUSTS 090 KT
WIND RADII VALID OVER OPEN WATER ONLY
RADIUS OF 064 KT WINDS – 025 NM NORTHEAST QUADRANT
025 NM SOUTHEAST QUADRANT
025 NM SOUTHWEST QUADRANT
025 NM NORTHWEST QUADRANT
RADIUS OF 050 KT WINDS – 055 NM NORTHEAST QUADRANT
055 NM SOUTHEAST QUADRANT
045 NM SOUTHWEST QUADRANT
045 NM NORTHWEST QUADRANT
RADIUS OF 034 KT WINDS – 135 NM NORTHEAST QUADRANT
135 NM SOUTHEAST QUADRANT
105 NM SOUTHWEST QUADRANT
140 NM NORTHWEST QUADRANT
VECTOR TO 36 HR POSIT : 325 DEG / 03 KTS
—
36 HRS , VALID AT :
041200Z — 19.4N 120.7E
MAX SUSTAINED WINDS – 080 KT , GUSTS 100 KT
WIND RADII VALID OVER OPEN WATER ONLY
RADIUS OF 064 KT WINDS – 030 NM NORTHEAST QUADRANT
030 NM SOUTHEAST QUADRANT
030 NM SOUTHWEST QUADRANT
030 NM NORTHWEST QUADRANT
RADIUS OF 050 KT WINDS – 060 NM NORTHEAST QUADRANT
055 NM SOUTHEAST QUADRANT
050 NM SOUTHWEST QUADRANT
050 NM NORTHWEST QUADRANT
RADIUS OF 034 KT WINDS – 135 NM NORTHEAST QUADRANT
135 NM SOUTHEAST QUADRANT
110 NM SOUTHWEST QUADRANT
135 NM NORTHWEST QUADRANT
VECTOR TO 48 HR POSIT : 360 DEG / 04 KTS
—
EXTENDED OUTLOOK :
48 HRS , VALID AT :
050000Z — 20.1N 120.7E
MAX SUSTAINED WINDS – 085 KT , GUSTS 105 KT
WIND RADII VALID OVER OPEN WATER ONLY
RADIUS OF 064 KT WINDS – 035 NM NORTHEAST QUADRANT
035 NM SOUTHEAST QUADRANT
030 NM SOUTHWEST QUADRANT
030 NM NORTHWEST QUADRANT
RADIUS OF 050 KT WINDS – 060 NM NORTHEAST QUADRANT
060 NM SOUTHEAST QUADRANT
055 NM SOUTHWEST QUADRANT
055 NM NORTHWEST QUADRANT
RADIUS OF 034 KT WINDS – 135 NM NORTHEAST QUADRANT
140 NM SOUTHEAST QUADRANT
120 NM SOUTHWEST QUADRANT
130 NM NORTHWEST QUADRANT
VECTOR TO 72 HR POSIT : 045 DEG / 03 KTS
—
72 HRS , VALID AT :
060000Z — 20.9N 121.6E
MAX SUSTAINED WINDS – 085 KT , GUSTS 105 KT
WIND RADII VALID OVER OPEN WATER ONLY
RADIUS OF 064 KT WINDS – 035 NM NORTHEAST QUADRANT
035 NM SOUTHEAST QUADRANT
035 NM SOUTHWEST QUADRANT
030 NM NORTHWEST QUADRANT
RADIUS OF 050 KT WINDS – 060 NM NORTHEAST QUADRANT
060 NM SOUTHEAST QUADRANT
055 NM SOUTHWEST QUADRANT
055 NM NORTHWEST QUADRANT
RADIUS OF 034 KT WINDS – 130 NM NORTHEAST QUADRANT
140 NM SOUTHEAST QUADRANT
125 NM SOUTHWEST QUADRANT
125 NM NORTHWEST QUADRANT
VECTOR TO 96 HR POSIT : 070 DEG / 05 KTS
—
LONG RANGE OUTLOOK :
NOTE…ERRORS FOR TRACK HAVE AVERAGED NEAR 250 NM
ON DAY 4 AND 350 NM ON DAY 5 … AND FOR INTENSITY
NEAR 20 KT EACH DAY .
—
96 HRS , VALID AT :
070000Z — 21.5N 123.6E
MAX SUSTAINED WINDS – 080 KT , GUSTS 100 KT
WIND RADII VALID OVER OPEN WATER ONLY
VECTOR TO 120 HR POSIT : 080 DEG / 07 KTS
—
120 HRS , VALID AT :
080000Z — 21.9N 126.4E
MAX SUSTAINED WINDS – 075 KT , GUSTS 090 KT
WIND RADII VALID OVER OPEN WATER ONLY
digg , digg.com , alphainventions , alphainventions.com , stumbleupon , stumbleupon.com
Newsmaker
Carter defends his handling of Iran hostage crisis ( Agencies )
Updated : 2009-11-17 09:19
CHIANG MAI , Thailand : Former US President Jimmy Carter said he was pressed by his advisers to attack Iran during the hostage crisis there more than 30 years ago but resisted because he feared 20,000 Iranians could have died .
Former US President Jimmy Carter applauds after the building completion of a house during the " Jimmy & Rosalynn Carter Work Project 2009 " , as part of the Habitat for Humanity program , in Chiang Mai province , north of Bangkok , November 16 , 2009 .
[ Agencies ]
Islamist militants stormed the US Embassy in Tehran on November 4 , 1979 , and seized its occupants .
Fifty - two Americans were held hostage for 444 days .
Carter said Monday that one proposed option was a military strike on Iran , but he chose to stick with negotiations to prevent bloodshed and bring the hostages home safely .
" My main advisers insisted that I should attack Iran , " he told reporters in the northern Thai city of Chiang Mai , where he was helping build houses for Habitat for Humanity .
" I could have destroyed Iran with my weaponry .
But I felt in the process it was likely the hostages ' lives would be lost , and I did n't want to kill 20,000 Iranians .
So I did n't attack . "
The hostages were released on January 20 , 1981 , just minutes after the swearing in of President Ronald Reagan , whose victory over Carter is largely attributed to the crisis .
The former president has commented in the past on how military action had been an option but that he feared a death toll in the tens of thousands , according to Carter spokeswoman Deanna Congileo .
Carter and his wife , Rosalynn , are among 3,000 volunteers from 25 countries working with Habitat for Humanity this week to help build and repair homes along the Mekong River in Thailand , Vietnam , China , Cambodia and Laos .
The homes in Cambodia are being built for families currently living in a garbage dump , the ones in Vietnam are for fishermen who now live on their boats , and the project in China involves construction of an apartment building in a part of Sichuan province devastated by a 2008 earthquake .
Habitat for Humanity 's Chief Executive Officer Jonathan Reckford said the Georgia - based nonprofit group would construct houses for 50,000 families in the Mekong region over the next five years .
" In an area of the world where many people live in deplorable conditions , we have a chance to help families improve their housing , " said Carter , wearing sneakers , jeans and a work shirt .
He and his wife spent Monday helping build 82 homes in honor of Thai King Bhumibol Adulyadej , who celebrates his 82nd birthday next month .
He was joined by several regional celebrities , including Chinese movie star Jet Li and Japanese football legend Hidetoshi Nakata .
Since its founding in 1976 , Habitat says it has built and rehabilitated more than 300,000 homes worldwide , providing simple shelter for 1.5 million people .
In my Science of Willpower course at Stanford University , I have a lot of self - proclaimed addicts .
The most common addictions ?
Sugar , email , and reality TV .
It 's easy to dismiss these confessions as exaggerations - can you really be " addicted " to Top Chef ?.
But a new study shows that sugar , at least , shares an important addicting feature with substances like or .
Many addictive substances initially make you feel good by releasing ( or blocking reuptake of ) substances in the brain that trigger pleasure , euphoria , focus , or energy .
But your brain and body are not necessarily interested in sustaining your bliss .
They are motivated to keep your systems steady and avoid extremes .
Thanks to this drive for homeostasis , your brain and body learn to adapt to the effects of mood - and mind - altering substances .
For example , if a substance would normally trigger a flood of serotonin , your brain may adapt by reducing receptors for this neurotransmitter , or producing less serotonin .
And when your brain expects that you are going to take the substance , it may swing in the opposite direction ( reduced availability of serotonin ) to counteract the expected effects of the drug .
This anticipatory drop can create powerful cravings for the substance .
Through this process of adaptation , the cycle is strengthened , and the addict needs the drug just to feel normal .
Now it looks like the same process may be happening - at some level - with sugar .
Researchers at the National Institute for Physiological Sciences in Japan were curious how the brain and body might adapt to the expectation of eating something sweet ( 1 ) .
They found that when mice expect a sweet treat , their brains release a chemical called orexin .
Orexin triggers the body 's muscles to take up whatever sugar is circulating in the bloodstream .
In this way , the body is preparing for an expected increase in blood sugar levels .
This is a great adaptation if you eat the food , helping to keep blood sugar levels steady .
But what if you decide you want to resist the temptation of the sweets ?
Then the drop of blood sugar comes with two very unwanted side effects : cravings to eat , and decreased energy to resist .
The result ?
It 's much harder to say no , and you may even need to eat to feel normal .
Much like the cigarette addict who needs to smoke , or the pain addict who needs to take a pill , just to feel normal .
This study is the second this year to suggest that high - fat or high - sugar food can trick the brain and the body into consuming more .
That does n't mean that food should be considered an addiction on par with other substances .
But it does make you wonder how else our eating behavior is influenced by biological processes we can't control or even observe .
So what 's a sugar addict to do ?
One solution comes from research on candy consumption .
Brian Wansink and colleagues at the University of Illinois , Urbana - Champaign , have demonstrated that when it comes to candy , out of sight is out of mind .
The researchers found that with decreasing visibility and convenience , participants consumed less chocolate .
Even the very small change of putting the chocolates in a drawer led to about 1/3 third less consumption .
That 's the kind of simple step anyone -- even a self - proclaimed sugar addict -- can take .
One possible explanation for this study is that seeing the candy kickstarts a cascade of changes in your thoughts , emotions , and yes - your blood sugar - that can make crave and consume .
The solution , then , is to take greater control of your immediate environment .
Keep candy on hand if you want , but keep it out of sight .
This holiday season , do n't leave trays of treats displayed on your dining room table .
( Something I learned a few years ago after a Christmas that led to greater cookie consumption than I thought possible . )
And because you can only control so much of your environment , it 's worth considering proposals to limit the availability of junk food .
For example , another new study ( 3 ) shows that replacing junk food with healthier fare in school vending machines and cafeterias led to an overall decrease in kids ' junk food consumption .
Perhaps my self - proclaimed TV - addicted students need to hide their remote in a desk drawer , and the email addicts need to close that gmail window .
Softer addictions may create less suffering that other forms of addiction , but these strategies - get away from your triggers , clean up your environment , and make a fix harder to obtain - are n't too different from those recommended for addictions of any kind .
When it comes to temptation and , it 's important to remember that we all need all the help we can get .
Studies Cited :
1. Shiuchi T , et al ( 2009 ) .
Hypothalamic orexin stimulates feeding - associated glucose utilization in skeletal muscle via sympathetic .
Cell Metabolism , 10 ( 6 ) , 466-480 .
2. Painter JE , Wansink B , & Hieggelke JB ( 2002 ) .
How visibility and convenience influence candy consumption . , 38( 3 ) , 237-238 .
3. Schwartz MB , et al. ( 2009 ) .
The impact of removing snacks of low nutritional value from middle schools .
Health & Behavior 36 ( 6 ) , 999-1011 .
By Chris Hogg
BBC News , Beijing
Executions are usually carried out soon after sentencing Opponents of the death penalty condemn China 's record on a number of fronts .
Firstly , there is the secrecy surrounding the judicial process that makes it impossible to find out whether the accused has had a fair trial or not .
That means of course that it is uncertain how many criminals are executed here .
Human rights groups based abroad estimate that China executes more people each year than the rest of the world put together - although there is quite a disparity between their figures .
It will be around 5,000 in 2009 , down from 6,000 in 2007 , according to the US - based Dui Hua Foundation .
Amnesty International 's figure is lower .
It estimates the number of executions in 2008 was about 1,700 , still a considerable number .
The disparity shows just how little is known about the process here .
Reports in the Chinese media suggest about one in 10 executions is for non-violent , economic crimes .
The US government , in its most recent annual report on human rights in China , said there were at least 68 capital offences in China 's criminal code .
Death penalty ' acceptable '
Then there are objections to the way the sentence is carried out .
In much of China , prisoners are killed with a gunshot to the head .
Gradually , more and more provinces and municipalities are replacing this method with lethal injection , but the facilities to offer this alternative are not available everywhere yet .
Within China , according to a commentary this month in the Southern Weekend written by legal scholar Chen Guangzhong , " most of the public and members of the legal community basically accept and support China 's current policy toward the death penalty " .
But Mr Chen questioned whether the insistence on secrecy was causing more harm than good because it eroded people 's confidence in the way the sentence was handed down and carried out .
CHINA DEATH PENALTY
No official figures on executions Dui Hua Foundation - 5,000 in 2009 Amnesty International - 1,718 in 2008 Last year 72 % of the world 's total executions took place in China - Amnesty International
It applies to 68 offences , including non-violent crimes such as tax fraud and embezzlement
Those sentenced to death are usually shot , but some provinces have introduced lethal injections " The way that death penalty policies are implemented ought to be an important subject for public oversight , " he said .
The courts here describe themselves as independent , but the reality is the Communist Party controls them .
In fact , the Dui Hua Foundation points out that the secrecy is preventing China from getting credit for what it describes as " considerable progress in its reduction of the use of capital punishment " .
Two years ago China changed the rules to give the Supreme People 's Court final say over whether a death sentence is carried out or not .
Before that it was lower courts that had the final say .
Dui Hua believes the number of people executed fell by at least a quarter in the year after the reforms were introduced .
A court spokesman , quoted in the US government human rights report , suggested that since then the court had rejected 15 % of the cases it had reviewed , due , the report said , to " unclear facts , insufficient evidence , inappropriateness of the death sentence in some cases and inadequate trial procedures " .
Clemency appeal
What has made the case of Akmal Shaikh so unusual is that he was the first European national to be convicted of a capital crime in half a century .
His supporters have complained that the court did not take into account Mr Shaikh 's mental illness - his family says he suffers from bipolar disorder and was delusional when he arrived in China .
China 's criminal code does acknowledge that those suffering from mental disorders should not be held responsible for their actions .
But the concern in this case is that a judicial system that carries out its deliberation behind closed doors cannot guarantee that Mr Shaikh 's condition has been accurately considered .
A spokesman for the Chinese embassy in London has pointed out that under Chinese law anyone found with 50g of heroin can be executed .
Mr Shaikh was found with 4kg .
This was an extremely serious offence .
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown nonetheless appealed for clemency on behalf of Mr Shaikh .
Chinese diplomats listened , but granting the request might have looked like an acknowledgement that the proper procedures in this case had not been followed - and China does not welcome or encourage foreign scrutiny of its judicial process which it regards as very much an internal affair .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
KABUL , Afghanistan  President Hamid Karzai said Tuesday that Afghanistan would not be able to pay for its own security until at least 2024 , underscoring his government ’s long - term financial dependence on the United States and NATO even as President Obama has pledged to begin withdrawing American troops in 2011 .
Mr. Karzai spoke at a news conference here with Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates , who did not put a timetable on the American and allied financial commitment but acknowledged that there was a “ realism on our part that it will be some time before Afghanistan is able to sustain its security forces entirely on its own . ”
The news conference came just hours after as many as a dozen people were killed during an allied raid in Laghman Province , Afghan officials said , prompting hundreds of villagers to march in protest .
The early morning operation outside the provincial capital , Mehtar Lam , east of Kabul , happened “ without any coordination with the Afghan forces or Afghan officials , ” said Sayed Ahmed Safi , a spokesman for the governor of Laghman .
He said one woman was among the dead , which included civilians as well as insurgents , all killed by small - arms fire .
He said the troops also detained four men .
Update :
This morning , Christer Ericson , director of tools and technology at Sony Santa Monica and part of the hugely respected God of War team , got in touch to set us straight on the technical background to the effect seen in The Saboteur .
Christer 's knowledge on this subject obviously far outstrips our own and he took issue with several points in yesterday 's article , which you can still read in full below this update .
Firstly , the definition of MLAA is n't in keeping with the basic outline of the technique as it has been described by some Pandemic staff , and it is almost certainly an extension of the edge - filter plus blur technique seen in several cross- platform titles already .
As Christer says , " the qualitative difference comes down to how you edge - detect and how you ' blur ' . "
The screenshots may not be showing MLAA , and it 's almost certainly not a technique as experimental as we thought it was , but it 's certainly the case that this is the most impressive form of this type of anti-aliasing we 've seen to date in a console game .
Certainly , as we alluded to originally , the concept of using an edge - filter / blur combination is n't new , and continues to be refined .
This document by Isshiki and Kunieda published in 1999 suggested a similar technique , and , more recently , AMD 's Iourcha , Yang and Pomianowski suggested a more advanced version of the same basic idea .
In terms of the effectiveness of luminance for determining edges , Christer also pointed out that the pixels we 've highlighted as causing problems for edge - smoothing in The Saboteur are n't a product of red meeting black , but actually brown and red - similar in terms of luminance values and thus more likely to cause that particular artefact .
It 's fair to say that in our excitement about the level of image quality displayed in The Saboteur , we were off - beam to be so definitive about MLAA as the technique being used , but it is still a great example of the SPUs being used to do post - processing work more traditionally associated with the GPU and , in this case , producing arguably better results than the more generally accepted MSAA solutions built into the graphics hardware .
Thanks to Christer for getting in touch .
Original story :
If there 's one element of multi-platform development that comes up repeatedly in our Face - Off coverage , it 's the implementation of anti-aliasing on current - generation HD consoles .
It 's often the case that the Xbox 360 version of a game features edge - smoothing , while the PlayStation 3 counterpart will either leave it off altogether , scale it back , or use an NVIDIA specific technique called " quincunx " , which refines edges nicely , but blurs the entire texture in the process .
None of these options are particularly attractive ( though quincunx has its place in certain scenarios ) , and neither is blurring the entire screen , which other people do ; the so - called Vaseline effect .
However , recent games like Brutal Legend and Overlord II on both console platforms have tried out another technique - seeking out just the edges themselves and blurring them , leaving texture detail intact .
It 's better than nothing but still not actually that good .
The PS3 rendition of Pandemic 's The Saboteur is different though .
It 's special .
It 's trying something new that 's never been seen before on console , or indeed PC , and its results are terrific .
In a best - case scenario you get edge - smoothing that is beyond the effect of 16 x multi-sampling anti-aliasing , effectively delivering an effect better than the capabilities of high - end GPUs without crippling performance .
Compare and contrast with Xbox 360 hardware , which tops out at 4 x MSAA .
Let 's kick off with a quick comparison of the effect in play on both versions of the game .
It 's interesting to point out that both Xbox 360 and PC versions of The Saboteur have no support for anti-aliasing whatsoever .
It 's just the PS3 owners that get the love , for reasons explained later .
While the lack of AA in the Xbox 360 version is a bit disappointing , for the purposes this piece it 's a bit of boon as it effectively gives us a " before and after " means of better understanding the PS3 technique .
The Saboteur on 360 has no anti-aliasing , making it a good comparison point up against the PS3 version with its new edge - smoothing technique .
The difference in lighting , along with other matters , is something we 'll cover in the next Face - Off .
So how is it done ?
Well , in the comments section of one US PlayStation Blog post , Pandemic 's Tom French talked about " using the SPUs to do a full - screen FSAA filter " .
The satellite processors within the Cell chip are excellent for extremely fast processing of limited batches of data , making them perfect for the task at hand , which is to process the entire framebuffer seeking out all edges and then blending them .
Posters on the Beyond3D forum soon began to investigate .
It 's a technique initially put forward by Intel , but best described with examples in this blog post which shows the real potential of the technique , and how it compares with the Brutal Legend method of edge - blurring .
There is no real competition here .
The so - called morphological anti-aliasing ( or MLAA ) seen in The Saboteur is leaps and bounds ahead of anything we 've seen so far when it works in optimum conditions .
Being experimental , it does have its drawbacks .
When edges in - game are one pixel or less than one pixel in thickness , the edge - detection technique does n't really work .
Pandemic also subjects the entire , completed framebuffer to analysis - including the HUD elements - so there is often artefacting on the text overlays .
This is probably unavoidable in this game : while the GPU starts to draw the next frame , the SPUs are busy with the AA and for that situation to take place the completed frame will need to be analysed .
Pandemic is keeping mum on the AA technique , though some tidbits have apparently leaked from the developers on the NeoGAF forum .
According to these posts , the filter is applied to the luminance of any given scene .
It 's a really clever way to maintain speed , but on the other hand , some colours - red and black for example - have similar luminance levels , so the filter picks up the majority of edges but misses others .
Additionally , in some cases there are some interesting " fuzzing " issues on edges , which without some more illumination from the coders is very difficult to explain .
Perhaps it 's simply the effect of processing a motion - blurred screen ?
While the edge - smoothing properties are astonishing , it comes at the cost of a few artefacts as you 'll see by clicking on each thumbnail .
Thankfully they barely impact on the quality of the overall presentation .
Overall then , what we have in The Saboteur on PS3 is very much an experimental technique , and you get the idea that the base visuals suit the technique well .
In playing the Xbox 360 version , the level of " teh jaggies " is n't exactly a major issue ; the game lacks high - contrast edges , and is pretty soft in general .
In this environment , the MLAA technique employed by Pandemic works beautifully and in most cases you really need to look hard for the artefacts .
But they are there , and you wonder how well the technique would work on higher contrast games like Battlefield : Bad Company 2 , Halo 3 or the almighty Uncharted 2 where the MLAA would really have its work cut out .
In the meantime , what we have is something that 's new and genuinely exciting from a technical standpoint .
We 're seeing PS3 attacking a visual problem using a method that not even the most high - end GPUs are using .
You can't help but wonder whether MLAA , in combination with MSAA and a filter to weed out the artefacts , could n't be hardware - integrated in the next generation consoles .
It 'll also be interesting to see whether MLAA returns in other PS3 cross - platform projects before then , because it looks extremely good in action .
Chances are it will come down to how computationally expensive the technique actually is on the SPU , and how it can be refined still further , and that 's where our knowledge hits a brick wall .
If any ex-Pandemic staff want to share more on the MLAA implementation , feel free to get in touch ...
State Sen. David Schultheis said he did n’t intend for a Twitter post accusing President Barack Obama of “ flying the U.S. plane right into the ground ” and ending with “ let ’s roll ” as a threat or a reference to United Flight 93 , which crashed during the 2001 terrorist attacks .
“ Let ’s roll ” reportedly were the last words of Todd Beamer before he and other passengers tried to gain control of their hijacked jet .
The plane crashed into a Pennsylvania field short of its intended target .
The tweet stirred ire and some support for the Colorado Springs Republican , whose standard eschewal of political correctness has earned him criticism in the past .
Schultheis ’ full tweet Tuesday was : “ Do n’t for a second think Obama wants what is best for U.S .
He is flying the U.S. plane right into the ground at full speed .
Let ’s roll . ”
He said he was angry about the president ’s fiscal policies but did n’t mean to compare him to the hijackers .
The senator ’s reputation for strong speech gave readers the wrong idea , he said .
” ‘ Let ’s roll . ’
It ’s a comment people use all the time any more .
‘ Let ’s get going .
Let ’s move on .
Let ’s make major changes , ’ ” Schultheis said .
“ I can see it now .
But you ’re busy doing jillions of things during the day .
You sometimes do n’t analyze every single word . ”
State Senate President Brandon Shaffer , D - Longmont , demanded Wednesday that Schultheis retract his statement , calling it “ appalling . ”
Senate Minority Leader Josh Penry , R - Grand Junction , agreed the statement was inappropriate .
“ Dave should n’t have gone there , ” Penry said .
The tweet garnered angry posts on the liberal ColoradoPols.com blog , which first reported it , and was picked up by the Talking Points Memo blog .
Despite some interpretations , the statement would not constitute a threat on the president under Secret Service guidelines .
Ed Kowalski , a director for the New York - based 9/11 Families for a Secure America , said Schultheis “ clearly ” was referring to Flight 93 .
And while he disagrees with many of Obama ’s policies , he said that ’s no reason to evoke Sept. 11 imagery .
“ Let ’s not cheapen what happened on Sept. 11 by making random and / or ill - fated comparisons to current policy , ” Kowalski said .
“ It ’s probably a poor choice of words and clearly a poor comparison in terms of what happened then compared to what is happening now . ”
Colorado House Speaker Terrance Carroll , D - Denver , said he ’s willing to give Schultheis the benefit of the doubt on “ let ’s roll , ” but the senator should be more civil when discussing the president .
“ He does have a history of saying things most of us think go beyond the pale of what ’s acceptable , ” Carroll said .
“ And it ’s disappointing he does n’t have any better way of expressing himself than staking out the most extreme positions he can find . ”
Schultheis voted in February against a bill requiring pregnant women to be tested for AIDS to prevent spreading the disease to the children .
He said then that infected children would set examples for women against sexual promiscuity .
The senator railed in January against public service announcements in Spanish encouraging people to fasten seat belts .
The US believes it has killed the leader of al Qaeda ’s external operation branch during the Dec. 8 airstrike on a vehicle in North Waziristan .
Saleh al Somali is thought to have been killed in the strike in the town of Aspangla , near the main town of Miramshah in North Waziristan .
The region is controlled by the dangerous Haqqani Network , a Taliban group with close links to al Qaeda and Pakistan ’s military and intelligence services .
Initial reports indicated that two Arabs from Saudi Arabia were among the three people killed in the Dec. 8 attack .
A follow - up report , which later turn out to be incorrect , stated that Abu Yahya al Libi , a chief al Qaeda ideologue and propagandist , was killed in yesterday ’s strike in South Waziristan .
“ There are strong indications that senior al Qaeda operations planner Saleh al Somali has died , ” a senior US official told ABC News .
A senior US intelligence official contacted by The Long War Journal confirmed that al Somali was the target of the strike , that he was a long time operative in al Qaeda , and that he had been actively plotting attacks in the West .
“ Saleh al Somali is al Qaeda ’s latest external operations chief , ” the official said .
“ He was part of the original al Qaeda cadre .
He goes all the way back to Mogadishu , ” the official continued , referring to the infamous Black Hawk Down incident that resulted in the deaths of 19 US troops and hundreds of Somalis during an operation to detain a Somali warlord in the capital in the fall of 1993 .
Al Somali was also active in al Qaeda ’s propaganda efforts .
Al Somali ’s close ties to Al Shabaab , al Qaeda ’s affiliate in Somalia , have had US intelligence officials deeply concerned , specifically because dozens of US citizens have been recruited and are training in Somali camps .
At least two Americans have carried out suicide attacks in Somalia this year .
Both attacks were high - profile : one killed three Somali ministers , and another killed the deputy commander of the African Union forces serving in the country .
“ This is why we have been freaking out , ” the official said .
“ The number of Americans being recruited here in the US is deeply disturbing .
That they are leaving the US to train in Somalia and fight for Shabaab is worrisome .
Some of us have feared al Somali would take advantage of these recruits to hit the US mainland . ”
Al Somali has been high on the US target list due to his position as external operations chief .
The US targeted al Somali in the Nov. 18 strike in the Mir Ali region , also in North Waziristan .
Eight Taliban and al Qaeda operatives were reported killed in the strike .
Al Somali ’s position as external operations chief was not made public until today .
Al Qaeda ’s external operations network has been the prime target of the covert US air campaign in Pakistan ’s tribal areas .
The US has targeted al Qaeda and Taliban camps designated to train operatives holding foreign passports , while the leadership of the external operations branch has also been hit hard .
Al Somali is the third external operations commander to have been killed since May 2008 , when Mustafa al Jazairi was killed in a Predator strike in the town of Damadola in Pakistan ’s Bajaur tribal agency .
The US killed Osama al Kini , Jazairi ’s successor , and his senior deputy Sheikh Ahmed Salim Swedan in an airstrike in the town of Karikot in South Waziristan on New Year ’s Day , 2009 .
Background on US strikes against al Qaeda and Taliban networks in northwestern Pakistan
US intelligence believes that al Qaeda has reconstituted its external operations network in Pakistan ’s lawless , Taliban - controlled tribal areas .
This network is tasked with hitting targets in the West , India , and elsewhere .
The US has struck at these external cells using unmanned Predator aircraft and other means in an effort to disrupt al Qaeda ’s external network and decapitate the leadership .
The US also has targeted al Qaeda - linked Taliban fighters operating in Afghanistan , particularly the notorious Haqqani Network .
As of the summer of 2008 , al Qaeda and the Taliban operated 157 known training camps in the tribal areas and the Northwest Frontier Province .
Al Qaeda has been training terrorists holding Western passports to conduct attacks , US intelligence officials have told The Long War Journal .
Some of the camps are devoted to training the Taliban ’s military arm ; some train suicide bombers for attacks in Pakistan and Afghanistan ; some focus on training the various Kashmiri terror groups ; some train al Qaeda operatives for attacks in the West ; some train the Lashkar al Zil , al Qaeda ’s Shadow Army ; and one serves as a training ground for the Black Guard , the elite bodyguard unit for Osama bin Laden , Ayman al Zawahiri , and other senior al Qaeda leaders .
The US has carried out 48 airstrikes in Pakistan ’s tribal areas and in the northwest this year .
There were 36 recorded cross - border attacks and attempts in Pakistan during 2008 , according to numbers compiled by The Long War Journal .
Twenty - nine of those attacks took place after Aug. 31 .
From 2004 through 2007 , there were only 10 recorded strikes .
Bill Roggio is a Senior Fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies and the Editor of FDD 's Long War Journal .
Are you a dedicated reader of FDD 's Long War Journal ?
Has our research benefitted you or your team over the years ?
Support our independent reporting and analysis today by considering a one - time or monthly donation .
Thanks for reading !
You can make a tax - deductible donation here .
Please send your name , location , postcode and if you require manual or automatic lessons
Driving Lesson Prices
Manual lessons for £ 30 p/hr
Refresher lessons for £ 30 p/hr
Automatic lessons for £ 30 p/hr
Pass Plus course for £ 33 p/hr
Motorway driving course ( 3 Hours ) for £ 99.00
10 x Manual Lessons for £ 280
10 x Automatic Lessons for £ 280
A broad swath of American enterprise ranging from major software makers to motion picture and music companies are joining forces to oppose a new international treaty that would make books more accessible to the blind .
On Monday , dozens of nations will meet in Geneva to consider adopting the WIPO Treaty for Sharing Accessible Formats of Copyrighted Works for Persons Who are Blind or Have other Reading Disabilities .
The proposal ( .pdf ) before a subcommittee of the roughly 180 World Intellectual Property Organization members would sanction the cross - border sharing of DRM - protected digitized books that tens of thousands of blind and visually disabled people read with devices and tools like the Pac Mate , Book Port and Victor Reader .
" This treaty would be the first one that is not done for the copyright owner , but for the user of the works – for the blind to make a copyrighted work accessible , " says Manon Ress , a policy analyst at Knowledge Ecology International , a Washington , D.C. - based human rights lobby that helped spearhead the proposal .
But that prospect does n't sit well with American business .
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce , the nation 's largest lobby representing 3 million businesses , argues that the plan being proposed by Brazil , Ecuador and Paraguay , " raises a number of serious concerns , " ( .pdf ) chief among them the specter that the treaty would spawn a rash of internet book piracy .
The treaty also creates a bad precedent by loosening copyright restrictions , instead of tightening them as every previous copyright treaty has done , said Brad Huther , a chamber director .
Huther concluded in a Dec. 2 letter to the U.S. Copyright office that the international community " should not engage in pursuing a copyright - exemption based paradigm . "
Echoing that concern , the Motion Picture Association of America and the Recording Industry of America told the Copyright Office last month that such a treaty would " begin to dismantle the existing global treaty structure of copyright law , through the adoption of an international instrument at odds with existing , longstanding and well - settled norms . "
The proposal before the WIPO Standing Committee on Copyright and Related Rights could free up thousands of book titles to millions of blind people in WIPO - member nations – without payment to the publisher .
Many WIPO nations , most in the industrialized world including England , the United States and Canada , have copyright exemptions that usually allow non-profit companies to market copyrighted works without permission .
They scan and digitize books into the so - called universal Daisy format , which includes features like narration and digitized Braille .
The Daisy Corp. Consortium , a Swiss - based international agency , controls formatting worldwide and has some 100 companies under its direction across the globe .
The largest catalog rests in the United States , in which three non-profits , including the Library of Congress , host some half million digital titles produced by federal grants and donations .
As it now stands , none of the nations may allow persons outside their borders to access these works , which are usually doled out for little or no charge .
The treaty seeks to free up the cross - border sharing of the books for the blind .
" People who oppose copyright exemptions oppose exemptions on principle that there should be no exemptions of copyright law , " says George Kerscher , Daisy 's general secretary .
" They should have sole right and discretion to do what they want with their intellectual property .
To a great extent , the opposition to the treaty is based on that principle . "
To receive any reading materials , the blind and disabled must prove their condition , he said .
In the United States , Knowledge Ecology International estimates about 5 percent of published books have been transformed to the Daisy format .
Google is the only major U.S. corporation to side with the blind in the international tussle .
In filings with the Copyright Office , the company called for American copyright holders to see past their doctrinal opposition to weakening copyright protections .
" We are concerned that some of the comments are simply stating opposition to a larger agenda of limitations and exceptions , " ( .pdf ) Google 's chief copyright officer , William Paltry , wrote this month .
" We believe this is an unproductive approach to solving what is a discrete , long - standing problem that affects a group that needs and deserves the protections of the international community . "
Not surprisingly , U.S. book publishers are the harshest critics of the proposal .
The Association of American Publishers , which represents about 300 publishers large and small , argue the treaty is not necessary .
The publishers suggest the blind and disabled should pay for their materials –- the only way the market for such products could flourish .
" Under the proposed draft treaty , where it appears that privileged copies could be made even where accessible versions were commercially available , copyright owners would have understandable doubts about the wisdom of investing in the production of accessible versions for the market , " the association 's vice president , Allan Adler , wrote the Copyright Office on Dec. 4 .
" Under these circumstances , publishers not unreasonably hesitate and wonder whether they can expect such a market to flourish when potential customers would still have the option of relying upon a statutory exception to get an accessible version of a work without having to pay for it , " ( .pdf ) Adler added .
Dan Burke , a 52 - year - old blind man from Montana and a self - described " book worm , " does not agree with the publishers .
Burke , a victim of a retinal disease that blinded him decades ago , often acquires books and poems at Bookshare , an online nonprofit offering about 60,000 titles in exchange for $ 50 in annual dues and other volunteer work .
Burke says none of the rank - and - file commercially available e-readers , including the Kindle , are adequately equipped for the blind .
" You have to be able to see to use these , to turn the machine on and navigate menus , " says Burke .
Amazon , however , said this week that it would soon produce a blind - accessible Kindle , one with an audible menu and large font for the visually impaired .
But Amazon , the Kindle 's maker , gives book authors the option of disabling the read - aloud function , notes Burke , a board member for the National Federation of the Blind , which supports the treaty .
The Authors Guild , an advocacy group for writers , argued earlier this year that reading a book aloud counts as an unauthorized public performance .
" Information is what we want .
Information is the power to become economically viable members of society , " Burke said .
" This is a world in which if you do n't have money you usually do n't have access . "
Photo : Courtesy of Dan Burke
See Also :
Share Tweet Share
It seems such a small thing .
A simple thing .
It is just one of those things which will , when it does n’t work properly , drive you around the bend back to front and sideways .
As you most probably have guessed from the title I am talking about the numlock function .
Such an insignificant function .
On full size keyboards it will toggle the number pad between number mode and arrow key mode .
On laptop style keyboards it toggles a virtual number pad hidden away in the alphabetical keys .
Oh wait , did I say an insignificant function ?
I should clarify that .
It seems that distribution developers seem to think it is an insignificant function .
So much so that the latest so called user friendly version of Ubuntu has no way to graphically set the numlock status at startup .
Neither does Xubuntu .
It seems to be a window manager / desktop environment specific problem as KDE to my knowledge allows you to graphically set the numlock status .
But , for Linux distributions which are supposed to be user friendly ( not just * buntu , Fedora , Debian , Mint , etc. ) to not have a numlock setting function installed by default is ridiculous .
Why do I say ridiculous ?
From experience in watching hundreds of people typing their password in .
If their password had numbers in it they automatically use the number pad .
Even in their daily work using spreadsheets or anything else that requires numbers they use the number pad .
If the numlock is not on by default the following scenario normally happens .
Turn computer on .
Enter password .
Look confused because password is not accepted .
Enter password again .
Look frustrated because password is not accepted .
Press numlock key .
Enter password .
Login is successful and they start working .
The point I wish to make here is that Linux distributions do not act in a user friendly way with regards to the numlock key .
They do not even honour the computers BIOS setting like other operating systems do .
Even I , a supposedly experienced Linux advocate have been bitten by the numlock problem .
Now you may think it is a small problem and that people will get used to it .
They do n’t .
They want to be able to set the numlock behaviour and have it stay set .
A quick google on “ Linux num lock problem ” returns over half a million results .
Not a small number .
I have even had people want to go back to their previous operating system simply because of this numlock setting .
Sure with Linux you can install a small program called numlockx and add a couple of lines to the startup manager or edit the X config file or even change some init scripts .
For distributions like Gentoo I would expect that sort of behaviour but not for distributions targeted at the general population .
What do you think ?
Am I getting on my high horse for nothing ?
Is this a non-issue ?
Should the average computer user have to go searching and edit some confusing code just to gain control of the numlock function ?
Survivors Say Fort Hood Gunman
Shot the Wounded Again Survivors of Fort Hood massacre say he shot the wounded again .
Nov. 7 , 2009  --
Survivors of the Fort Hood massacre described today how Major Nidal Malik Hasan allegedly gunned down unarmed soldiers , and then shot them again as they lay wounded on the floor .
Investigators believe more than 100 shots were fired from Hasan 's gun in a matter of minutes .
He was described as calm and methodical in his attack , pausing only to reload .
Soldier Keara Bono survived the onslaught although she was wounded slightly in the back and grazed in the head .
Bono told " Good Morning America " today that she initially thought the scene of Hasan standing up , praising Allah and starting to fire was a drill .
She did n't believe it was real even when she felt her own blood , she said .
" Then I looked to my left and right and I saw people that were bleeding , " she said .
That 's when Bono realized that Hasan 's rampage was n't a drill .
" I started crawling , I called 911 with my phone to my side ... and I turned back and looked at him .
He was about two body lengths away from me , longways , shooting people on the ground still .
So I was just waiting to get shot in the back , " she said .
Bono instead made it to a cubicle and around the corner out of sight where a sergeant and other soldiers were hiding .
The sergeant " was telling us to see over the cubicles which way the man was going .
We were shuffling back and forth .
As soon as I heard him stop firing , I ran out the front door , " she said .
Grant Moxon of Wisconsin was one of the first to be hit , but he survived Hasan 's killing rage by playing dead until the shooting was over .
Moxon 's father , Dave , told " GMA " that his son came face to face with the alleged killer .
" He said he looked up , and this guy is standing there looking at him right in the face .
All of a sudden , he pulled up a gun and started shooting , " Dave Moxon said .
The shooting did n't stop until police Sgt. Kimberly Munley knocked Hasan down in a brief , viscious gun battle .
President Obama Baffled By Fort Hood Rampage
Dr. W. Roy Smythe of Scott and White Memorial Hospital , where some of the most severely injured patients were treated , said today that " some of the injuries are so severe only time will tell how they 'll do in the long run . "
The doctor said some of the wounded would be " physically impaired , " while others would be " psychologically impaired " as a result of the shooting .
Hasan remains at a military hospital in nearby San Antonio where source say he is paralyzed from his injuries .
Munley , also remains hospitalized .
Thirteen people were killed in the attack – 12 soldiers and one civilian – and another 38 were injured .
Late Friday , Army Col .
John Rossi said 23 people were still hospitalized , half of those in critical condition .
A Pentagon official told ABC News that the bodies were flown to Dover where combat deaths from Iraq and Afghanistan are traditionally taken .
The Fort Hood victims were greeted at Dover by Admiral Mike Mullen , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff .
At Dover , the bodies will undergo autopsies there and be prepared for burial before being returned to Fort Hood either today or Sunday .
" We view these soldiers as warriors just like those killed in a war zone …
We do n't want anyone to think of them as just having been gunned down in a mass shooting , " the Pentagon official said .
In his weekly address today , President Obama said the fact that U.S. soldiers were targeted made the attack was particularly heinous .
" It is a crime that would have horrified us had its victims been Americans of any background , " Obama said .
" But it 's all the more heartbreaking and all the more despicable because of the place where it occurred and the patriots who were its victims . "
The president was a baffled as the rest of the country by the bloody burst of violence .
" We can not fully know what leads a man to do such a thing , " Obama said .
Obama is planning to attend the memorial service on Tuesday at Fort Hood .
He has also ordered flags to be flown at half staff in Washington and at military bases around the world through Veterans '
Day in honor of the fallen .
The Pentagon official said investigators are not seeing one single motive for Hasan 's bloody outburst .
" I think it will be a mixed picture , " the official said .
He cited Hasan 's possible stress as a psychiatrist wroking with war victims at Walter Reed Hospital , and the increasing conflict between his devout religious beliefs and being a soldier .
Hasan is a Muslim .
Bono , who was released from the hospital Friday , said she is still planning on her deployment .
" I still have a duty to perform and if my commander is still willing to let us go , then yes I 'm going to go , " she said .
As for Hasan , Bono said she really had n't stopped yet to be angry .
" I think he 's very selfish , what he did , " she said .
American Muslims were braced for a backlash after Hasan 's deadly shooting spree .
Army veteran Osman Danquah , a Muslim , said Hasan was soft spoken , but was obviously conflicted about the Army 's participation in the war on terror .
" I was n't much impressed with him when we had a couple of conversations , " Danquah told " GMA . "
Danquah said Hasan wanted to know , as a psychiatrist , what he was supposed to tell soldiers who had resentment about going to war .
" My response was that it 's volunteers , " Danquah said .
" It 's an all volunteer Army .
No one is drafted into the Army . "
Family of Alleged Fort Hood Gunman Expressed Sympathy for Victims
Hasan 's cousin , Nader Hasan , issued a statement late Thursday .
" We are shocked and saddened by the terrible events at Fort Hood today .
We send the families of the victims our most heartfelt sympathies , " the statement read .
" Nidal was an American citizen .
He was born in Arlington , Va. , and raised here in America .
...
Our family loves America .
We are proud of our country , and saddened by today 's tragedy . "
Nader Hasan said that she believed it was his upcoming deployment combined with the wartime horror stories he heard from his patients that set him off .
Hasan had reportedly recently hired an attorney to help him get out of the military .
According to the suspect 's cousin , Hasan was also harassed after 9/11 because of his ethnicity , and was called a " camel jockey . "
An Army official confirmed that Hasan would have been deployed to Afghanistan later this month .
Sources told ABC
News that this would have been his first deployment .
ABC News ' Martha Raddatz contributed to this report
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
For much of this past week , White House press secretary Robert Gibbs has been fielding a flow of questions about the Afghanistan war — especially queries about the three - hour pow - wow President Barack Obama held with his entire national security team on Wednesday to discuss the road ahead in Afghanistan .
At Thursday ’s daily briefing , Gibbs would n’t say much about what had been discussed in the Situation Room during that meeting .
“ The President got a chance yesterday to hear from — a robust discussion with the intelligence community and robust discussion with military and diplomatic advisors , ” he said , using routine press secretary - speak .
Gibbs did note that there had been no discussion about sending more troops .
But he did n’t say anything about the debate now underway in the administration between those who support the call of Gen.
Stanley McChrystal , the commander of US and NATO forces in Afghanistan , for expanding the war effort there into a full - fledged counterinsurgency operation with more troops ( which would entail building up the Afghan government and military to defeat the Taliban ) , and those who favor a more narrow approach focused on counter - terrorism ( which would mainly target al Qaeda ) .
But Gibbs did signal what might become an exit strategy — or an exit excuse — for the Obama administration .
For two days in a row , Gibbs had declined to answer queries about the firing of Peter Galbraith , the United Nations ’ number - two man in Afghanistan and the top American at the UN mission there .
Galbraith was canned after advocating a more vigorous response to the fraud that occurred during Afghanistan ’s recent and still - disputed presidential election .
When a reporter on Thursday pressed Gibbs on the issue , he said , “ I ’d push you to the UN as a UN personnel matter . ”
Moments later , I took a different crack at this .
Noting that Abdullah Abdullah , the chief rival to Afghan President Hamid Karzai in the election , called Galbraith ’s firing “ the first sign that fraud is victorious over the law ” and that McChrystal ’s recent assessment of the war pointedly notes that widespread corruption in Afghanistan is a fundamental problem , I asked Gibbs :
What can the Obama administration do , as it weighs options in Afghanistan , about corruption in Afghanistan ?
And if you do n’t deal with that , do you have a way of handling Afghanistan with a corrupt government in place ?
The answer I received was a bit surprising .
First , Gibbs said , “ I do n’t think you could find anybody with any international expertise that did n’t strongly believe that you had to have a willing partner to make anything succeed in Afghanistan . ”
That was par for the course .
But Gibbs went on to say that the Afghan government must
demonstrate to the world their ability to receive international aid and put it to use not for cronyism but for worthwhile development projects that , through economic development , will increase and sustain the security of the Afghan people .
Without a willing partner , one that is free of corruption and transparent , I do n’t think any situation or any series of meetings can adequately solve for the Afghan people the problem that that would contribute to .
A willing partner that is free of corruption and transparent .
Gibbs was setting a rather high bar .
At the present moment , the Afghan government does n’t come close to meeting that standard .
( One reporter later quipped , “ That means we could n’t work with the Italian government . ” )
And what are the prospects that the Afghan government can be transformed to be free of corruption ?
Or even half - free of corruption ?
This was a different view than the one expressed by Ambassador Richard Holbrooke , the administration ’s special envoy for Afghanistan and Pakistan , who has referred to the allegations of election fraud in Afghanistan as normal for a democracy .
Might Gibbs have been foreshadowing an escape clause under consideration within the administration ?
If the Afghan government is too corrupt to work with , President Obama could well justify a decision to reduce or narrow — or not expand — the US war effort there .
It seems clear that there is a group of administration officials who are not eager to follow McChrystal into a long and dark tunnel that may or may not have light at the far end .
If Obama does not accept the recommendations of the top commander in Afghanistan , he will be assailed as a defeatist by hawks ( be they neoconservative pundits or GOP legislators ) , who will accuse him of undermining the troops already there .
Yet Obama and his aides could beat back this charge by contending that the United States cannot mount a successful counterinsurgency mission in Afghanistan without a competent Afghan government and military that has the support of the public .
Corruption can be something of a get - out - of - Afghanistan - free card for Obama .
Could Gibbs ’ remark be a clue that such an getaway is being pondered or planned ?
Or did he simply go too far in stating the obvious ?
You can follow David Corn ’s postings and media appearances via Twitter .
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan ( CNN ) --
About 200 people have been arrested in a flare - up of anti-Christian violence in Gojra that left seven dead , a government minister said Monday .
Christians in Karachi , Pakistan , on Monday protest the slayings of seven Christians in weekend violence .
Rana Sana Ullah , Punjab 's provincial law minister , told CNN that the paramilitary Rangers force was helping police and maintaining law and order .
Seven people were killed and 20 injured Saturday when Muslim demonstrators set fire to houses in a Christian enclave and fighting broke out , authorities said .
Police said the Muslims were protesting an alleged desecration of pages in the Quran , the Muslim sacred text , at a Christian wedding .
At a news conference in Islamabad carried on local TV , Shehbaz Bhatti , federal minister for minorities , said an investigation determined there was no desecration of the Quran in village 95 Gill near Gojra City , and the allegations were baseless .
He also said the government will rebuild all the burned houses .
Bhatti told CNN that four women , two men and a child , all Christians , were either shot to death or killed when their houses were burned .
About 50 houses were burned down , and more than 100 were looted by the protesters , Bhatti said .
The incident occurred in Gojra City , about 160 kilometers ( 100 miles ) southwest of Lahore .
Kamran Michael , Punjab provincial minister for human rights and minority affairs , who is a Christian , told CNN after meeting with Pakistan 's Christian leaders in Gojra that a consensus had been reached to observe three days of mourning , from Monday to Wednesday , for the attack on the Christians .
On those three days , all schools , colleges , missions and educational institutions run by Christians will remain closed .
Christian schools in Karachi , which were due to open for the new term Monday , remained closed .
However , schools in most other areas of Pakistan are still on summer vacation .
Michael also criticized Pakistan 's " law of offenses relating to religion , " which has a penalty of life imprisonment for desecration of the Quran and even death for defiling the name of the prophet Mohammed .
He called the law unjust and misused , and he strongly condemned it , demanding that it be amended because of its misuse against minorities .
Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .
All About Pakistan • Religion
A handout photo taken by Japanese researchers of Aquamarine Fukushima aquarium in October shows a juvenile coelacanth .
Japanese marine researchers have said they found and successfully filmed a young coelacanth -- a rare type of fish known as " a living fossil " -- in deep water off Indonesia .
Japanese marine researchers said Tuesday they had found and successfully filmed a young coelacanth -- a rare type of fish known as " a living fossil " -- in deep water off Indonesia .
The creature was found on October 6 at a depth of 161 metres ( 528 feet ) in Manado Bay off Sulawesi Island , where the Indonesian coelacanth was first discovered , according to the researchers .
Video footage showed the 31.5 centimetre ( 12.6 - inch ) coelacanth , coloured blue with white spots , swimming slowly among rocks on the seabed for about 20 minutes .
" As far as we know , it was the first ever video image of a living juvenile coelacanth , which is still shrouded in mystery , " said Masamitsu Iwata , a researcher at Aquamarine Fukushima in Iwaki , northeast of Tokyo .
Scientists hope the discovery will shed light on the habitat and breeding habits of coelacanths .
The researchers used a remotely operated , self - propelled vehicle to film the coelacanth , which appeared to be newly born , Iwata said .
A similar - sized juvenile was once discovered in the belly of a pregnant coelacanth .
It is believed that their eggs hatch inside the female and the young fish are fully formed at the time of birth .
Coelacanths are commonly regarded as having evolved little from prehistoric times and were thought to be extinct until a living specimen was discovered in 1938 off the coast of southern Africa .
( c ) 2009 AFP
Explore further Victorian fish fossil fills ancient gap
A Message to Our Clients About Coronavirus COVID - 19 :
At Galfand Berger , LLP we view the safety and well - being of our clients , staff , and business partners as our highest priority .
Our offices are now open .
Visits are by appointment only .
And , per state , municipal and CDC guidelines , all visitors to our firm must wear masks .
We are happy to arrange for phone or video consultations .
Should you have any concerns regarding an upcoming meeting with us , please call our firm at ( 800 ) 222-8792 .
Thank you and take care .
Planet A : Has apparently achieved a state of advanced benign equilibrium in which there are no viruses or diseases , and only a very small number of natural disasters , which , when they do strike , always eliminate only the sinful and evil .
The inhabitants , both plant and animal , have learned to maintain their existence through photosynthesis , and thus do not have to kill and eat each other in order to survive .
There are no “ birth defects ” ; every inhabitant comes into existence perfectly formed and equipped for a long and productive life .
Deity X_____
Deity Y_____
Planet B : Adorned with many examples of beauty and order , it is also constantly beset by hurricanes , earthquakes , tsunamis , floods , volcanoes , lightning bolts , viruses , disfiguring diseases , parasites , leeches , flies , crop - destroying pests and many other phenomena which afflict both the innocent and the evil .
Every life form on the planet can only sustain its existence through the destruction and consumption of other life forms .
Some of the inhabitants are born with a crippling condition called a “ birth defect ” which condemns them to living extremely limited , short or painful lives .
Deity X_____
Deity Y_____
Large blooms of tiny marine plants called phytoplankton are flourishing in areas of open water left exposed by the recent and rapid melting of ice shelves and glaciers around the Antarctic Peninsula .
This remarkable colonisation is having a beneficial impact on climate change .
As the blooms die back phytoplankton sinks to the sea- bed where it can store carbon for thousands or millions of years .
Reporting recently in the journal Global Change Biology , scientists from British Antarctic Survey ( BAS ) estimate that this new natural ' sink ' is taking an estimated 3.5 million tonnes * of carbon from the ocean and atmosphere each year .
Lead author , Professor Lloyd Peck from BAS says , " Although this is a small amount of carbon compared to global emissions of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere it is nevertheless an important discovery .
It shows nature 's ability to thrive in the face of adversity .
We need to factor this natural carbon - absorption into our calculations and models to predict future climate change .
So far we do n't know if we will see more events like this around the rest of Antarctica 's coast but it 's something we 'll be keeping a close eye on . "
Professor Peck and his colleagues compared records of coastal glacial retreat with records of the amount of chlorophyll ( green plant pigment essential for photosynthesis ) in the ocean .
They found that over the past 50 years , melting ice has opened up at least 24,000 km2 of new open water ( an area similar to the size of Wales ) -- and this has been colonised by carbon - absorbing phytoplankton .
According to the authors this new bloom is the second largest factor acting against climate change so far discovered on Earth ( the largest is new forest growth on land in the Arctic ) .
Professor Peck continues , " Elsewhere in the world human activity is undermining the ability of oceans and marine ecosystems to capture and store carbon .
At present , there is little change in ice shelves and coastal glaciers away from the Antarctic Peninsula , but if more Antarctic ice is lost as a result of climate change then these new blooms have the potential to be a significant biological sink for carbon . "
Phytoplankton use chlorophyll and other pigments to absorb sunlight for photosynthesis , and when they grow in large numbers , they change the way the ocean surface reflects sunlight .
They are eaten by krill and are the foundation of the ocean food web .
Animals such as sponges and corals also consume phytoplankton .
They can live for decades to hundreds of years and when they die they form mats on the seabed that are buried under sedimentation .
advertisement
* The 3.5 million tonnes of carbon taken from the ocean and atmosphere is equivalent to 12.8 million tonnes of CO 2 .
Global carbon dioxide emissions from fossil fuel combustion and land use change reached 8.7 billion tonnes of carbon in 2007 .
Sea ice loss and retreat of coastal glaciers on the Antarctic Peninsula were studied using historical accounts , aerial photographs and satellite images .
This shows that seven of the major ice shelves and 87 % of the 244 marine glaciers have retreated over the past 50 years .
The 24,000 km2 of new open water is approximately the size of Vermont , New Hampshire , New Jersey , Belize or Israel .
Definitions :
A glacier -- is a ' river of ice ' that is fed by the accumulation of snow .
Glaciers drain ice from the mountains to lower levels , where the ice either melts , breaks away into the sea as icebergs , or feeds into an ice shelf .
Ice sheet -- is the huge mass of ice , up to 4 km thick that covers bedrock in Antarctica or Greenland .
It flows from the centre of the continent towards the coast where it feeds ice shelves .
Ice shelf -- is the floating extension of the grounded ice sheet .
It is composed of freshwater ice that originally fell as snow , either in situ or inland and brought to the ice shelf by glaciers .
As they are already floating , any disintegration will have no impact on sea level .
Sea level will rise only if the ice held back by the ice shelf flows more quickly onto the sea .
Hello frightened male " Details " readers .
I am here to hopefully assuage your fears that women are out to steal your sperm .
In this month 's sex and relationship section , " Details " posted an article entitled , " That was no ' Accident ' " — a slam dunk in terms of promoting male fear around stereotyped female neuroses .
Just in time for Halloween : attack of the sperm stealing baby mommas .
The article includes a few choice quotes from women who admit to or support the practice of women tricking their long - term partners into an " accidental pregnancy . "
They argue this point through the good old ticking time bomb suggestion .
I personally like to refer to this as the Picasso argument because if people discuss it long enough someone will always use Pablo Picasso as the reigning example because he had a child when he was 70 .
This is physically impossible for women , therefore women are always listening to the internal countdown of when we better procreate or lose our value as people .
Women are individual people .
Some of us want children ; some of us do n't .
Some of us worry about our fertility ; some of us do n't .
Some of us realize there are other ways not dependent on your body to have a family , such as in vitro fertilization , adoption and surrogacy , and some of us do n't .
But I doubt most of us spend massive amounts of time preoccupied with these thoughts or any " Details " - esque scheming .
Point blank : I think it is incredibly immoral to trick someone into such a long - term commitment as having a child .
I would never base an important decision on the hope that seeing an ultrasound would miraculously raise my partner from the lows of Apatowian manchildness to an enlightened father .
Even writing that does n't make sense to me .
I also think this happens far less than " Details " would have us believe .
The evidence for the argument other than three women and two men is based on faulty birth control data .
" Details " argued if women were taking birth control pills correctly , only one in 1,000 would get accidentally pregnant .
Because 50 times those numbers are reported , something shady must be going on .
Maybe there is a large percentage of women using birth control pills incorrectly .
Maybe there is an ignored segment of women for whom the pill is not their preferred use of contraception .
Or maybe the man just has magically enduring sperm .
OK , maybe the last piece is not part of scientific canon , but you get the point .
And where are condoms in this ?
If you want to take a proactive two - pronged approach , stop complaining about condoms and wear them .
Articles like those are merely platforms for " men 's rights " organizations ( Is n't that an oxymoron ? ) to hock their shrill , you know , reverse sexism ( impossible , that would involve a huge shift of the power structure , an article for another day ) and their bill of male reproductive rights .
My advice for any of you out there worried your girlfriend being deceptive is this .
Dump her and in the future do n't sleep with crazies .
Warner Bros. have released a second photo ( 1st here ) through Yahoo Movies for the 7th installment in the Harry Potter franchise , Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows : Part I ( click the image to enlarge ) .
This new movie based on the book by J.K.
Rowling of the same name is being split into two as the book is so large it would involve children sitting still in the cinema far too long ….. and they make more money out of it this way !
The first installment is due for release 19th November 2010 with the 2nd part being released 15th July 2011 and reunites all our favourites including Daniel Radcliffe , Emma Watson and Rupert Grint .
( CNN ) --
An inmate wrestles with his fear , boredom and remorse .
He is subjected to random strip - searches as a fellow inmate espouses conspiracy theories about the jailhouse food and another is busted with a hidden ball of black - tar heroin .
The alternately bleak , wry and amusing scenes , described in a series of journal - like entries , would fit comfortably in the work of Academy Award - winning screenwriter and director Roger Avary .
But they may be based on fact , not fiction .
These 140 - character snippets have been popping up for more than a month on what friends acknowledge as the Twitter account of Avary , who is serving a year in a California jail for vehicular manslaughter .
In fact , the tweets may have landed Avary in tighter security .
Avary , 44 , whose Oscar came in 1995 for co-writing " Pulp Fiction " with Quentin Tarantino , appears to have begun the posts September 26 , around the time he began serving his sentence at Ventura County Jail northwest of Los Angeles .
Avary 's
Twitter feed had been dormant since July 23 , when he wrapped up a series of tweets describing what appeared to be scenes from a prospective screenplay .
After a two - month hiatus , the September 26 post contained only two words : " FADE IN , " the traditional beginning of a professional screenplay .
" Nightly , every few hours like clockwork , a guard 's flashlight beam strikes # 34 's face , perhaps to ensure lack of proper rest and exhaustion , " reads a post from November 20 .
Many tweets describe Avary as " # 34 , " an apparent reference to his inmate number .
Other posts describe an array of life - in - jail moments , from the bittersweet release of a friendly cellmate to an accidental fire in a coffee can used for cigarette butts that brings a harsh response from riot squads .
" Night falls , and the only real activity is an endless recounting of the terrible and pointless events that brought us all to this sad place , " was the November 2 post .
CNN has not been able to independently confirm that Avary has been writing the posts .
But the account is linked on Avary 's personal Web site , and friends of his have said it is authentic .
" My friend @AVARY is tweeting from the inside , " writer Neil Gaiman , who worked with Avary on the 2007 movie " Beowulf , " wrote on his own Twitter feed last week .
" It 's riveting , horrible strange .
Jail in 140 character lumps . "
Gaiman , whose books include " Coraline , " " Neverwhere " and " American Gods , " bristled when some of his followers suggested that the posts on Avary 's feed were fiction .
" So he 's actually in a nice prison with cake and sushi and is tweeting about having a rough time to make us feel sorry for him ? " he wrote to one .
Ross Bonfiglio , a spokesman for the Ventura County Sheriff 's Department , said Avary was part of a furlough program that allowed him to leave jail to work a job during weekdays while spending nights and weekends behind bars .
" That will explain why he can ' tweet , ' " Bonfiglio said .
But Wednesday night , Avary was sent from the work - release program back into regular confinement at the jail , Bonfiglio said .
" The only reason I can give you is for security reasons , " he said .
By the middle of last week , Avary 's Twitter account had begun gaining popularity on the social networking site , with several blogs mentioning it .
As of Friday , Avary had more than 13,000 followers .
" #34 is ' rolled up ' to a higher security facility for exercising his first amendment rights .
The truth he has discovered is too dangerous , " was posted on Avary 's account early Friday .
By Monday morning , that post appeared to have been deleted .
Terry Thornton , a spokeswoman for the California Department of Corrections , told CNN that state inmates are not allowed access to the Internet while in custody .
But Bonfiglio said it would not violate jail rules for an inmate to relay Twitter messages to someone over the phone or in a letter .
Born in Manitoba , Canada , and raised in Arizona , Avary directed the 1993 film " Killing Zoe " and the 2002 adaptation of the Bret Easton Ellis novel , " The Rules of Attraction . "
But his greatest accolade was as a writer , taking the Oscar along with Tarantino for Best Original Screenplay .
The two had met in the 1980s when they worked at a video store and collaborated several times in the early '90s before parting ways .
Avary pleaded guilty in August to gross vehicular manslaughter while intoxicated , according to the California corrections department .
Authorities said Avary was driving more than 100 mph when his car hit a telephone pole on January 13 , 2008 , in Ojai .
Passenger Andreas Zini , 34 -- an Italian who , according to media reports , was visiting with his wife during their honeymoon -- was killed , and Avary 's wife , Gretchen , was ejected from the car and injured .
Bonfiglio said he could not contact Avary to ask if he would be willing to do an interview for this story .
CNN tried to contact the writer of @AVARY through his Twitter feed but received no response .
Attempts to reach Avary through his agent were unsuccessful .
Resurs Bank ble grunnlagt i Sverige i 1977 , og har fortsatt hovedkontor der .
I dag tilbyr de blant annet bank – og finanstjenester og forsikringsprodukter i hele Norden og i deler av Europa .
Banken er en del av konsernet Resurs Holding .
I Norge finner du kontoret deres i Oslo .
Selv om bankens navn kanskje er ukjent for flere tilbyr de forbrukslån like gode som konkurrentenes .
Forbrukslån fra Resurs Bank
Du kan søke et usikret lån fra Resurs Bank fra kr 10 000 og til maksimalt kr 300 000 .
Avhengig av størrelsen på lånet kan du få en nedbetalingstid mellom 1 til 12 år.
Forbrukslånet har et etableringsgebyr på kr 497 – kr 950 og termingebyr på kr 29 – kr 40 avhengig av lånebeløpet .
Den nominelle renten er også variabel , og ligger i dag på 8,88 % – 21,95 % .
Når du får et tilbud fra banken vil disse gebyrene være inkludert i den effektive renten .
Resurs Bank krever at man benytter benytte avtalegiro til betaling av terminbeløp .
Banken har for delt inn nettsiden sin i flere forskjellige forbrukslån .
Det spiller liten rolle om du søker via billån eller båtlån , det er samme vilkårene for alle lånene .
Beregning av rentene
Den effektive eksempelrenten ligger på 18,54 % for et lån på kr 65 000 betalt over 5 år .
Dette er et eksempel som banken er lovp ålagt å ha .
Den renten du får kan være lavere eller høyere utfra hvordan du kommer ut på en kredittsjekk .
Når Resurs
Bank kredittsjekker deg vil resultatet av sjekken være en kredittscore ( tall bestemt av spesifikke algoritmer ) .
Får du et godt tall betyr det ofte en lavere rente på forbrukslån enn eksempelrentene .
Hvem kan få forbrukslån i Resurs Bank
Resurs bank er ikke vanskelig å få forbrukslån fra .
Så lenge du fyller vilkårene banken har satt for lån kan du søke .
Lån kan gis om du er fylt 24 år og ikke er eldre 65 år .
Du må også ha folkeregistrert adresse i Norge og ha en årsinntekt på kr 200 000 eller mer .
Har du betalingsanmerkninger eller pågående inkassosaker vil du få avslag på lånesøknaden .
I tilknytning til lånet kan du tegne en frivillig betalingsforsikring .
Betalingsforsikring
Betalingsforsikring tar man for å sikre seg om inntektsgrunnlaget svikter .
Det kan være ved arbeidsledighet , alvorlig sykdom eller dødsfall .
Innunder disse tingene er det spesielle vilkår for at forsikringen skal dekke terminene på forbrukslån .
Eksempelvis dekker ikke forsikringen arbeidsløshet om du selv sier opp jobben , eller om den er sesongbasert .
Alle vilkårene finner du på nettsiden til banken .
Selv om det koster litt ekstra er det rimelig i forhold til hva som skjer om man ikke kan betale lånet sitt .
Tilbud om refinansiering
Det er mulig å samle opp annen forbruksgjeld og refinansiere med lån fra Resurs Bank .
Å ha litt kredittkortgjeld her , og et smålån der , blir fort kostbart .
Samler du det i et forbrukslån vil du mest sannsynlig spare en god del totalt sett .
Samtidig vil du ha alt samlet på et sted og slipper å forholde deg til flere forskjellige aktører .
Vilkårene og kostnadene for et refinansieringslån er de samme som forbrukslånet .
Du kan også sjekke nettsiden https://www.forbrukslån.no for en oversikt over refinansieringstilbud i form av lån uten sikkerhet .
Slik får du lånet
Det er enkelt å søke om forbrukslån fra Resurs Bank .
Du finner søknadskjemaet på hjemmesiden .
Ha klar BankID til identifisering og signering av søknaden .
Bruker du BankID vil svaret komme på e-post .
I mailen er det en link med lånetilbudet og du bruker også BankID for å få se tilbudet .
Har du ikke BankID vil svar og lånetilbud komme med posten .
Når banken har mottatt en signert låneavtale vil det gå mellom 2 – 5 dager før du har pengene på konto .
If he did n't kill that poor girl then all he has to do is deny it .
There are so many rumors flying around about this , people are really , really concerned .
These are serious accusations and the most responsible thing to do is for him to prove that he had nothing , nothing to do with it .
I just wish he would be up front about it and clear this up .
Thierry Henry considered drawing a close to his international career after being overwhelmed by events of last week .
France skipper admits he weighed up his future
Widespread criticism
Let down
Dunne acceptance
Thierry Henry considered drawing a close to his international career after being overwhelmed by the furore over his now infamous handball .
The Frenchman occupied both the front and back pages last week after his handball ended Republic of Ireland 's World Cup dream in Paris .
Henry twice handled the ball before laying on for William Gallas to equalise on the night , a result which saw France progress to South Africa 2 - 1 on aggregate .
The FAI called on Fifa to replay the game and Henry , albeit after football 's governing body ruled out such a scenario , echoed Irish sentiments .
Having had his previous unblemished reputation tarnished by the incident , Henry admits he considered quitting in the wake of intense criticism .
" Oh yes , " he French sports dailywhen quizzed on whether retiring from international football had crossed his mind .
" Friday , when it all went too far , I was very worked up .
" It 's not the first time ( that I thought about retiring ) .
After the 2006 World Cup , I thought about it , but it was too early .
After Euro 2008 , too , but it was n't the right moment .
There was a generation that needed me .
" Despite everything that has just happened and the fact that I felt let down , I will not let my country down .
Although he has subsequently admitted his misdemeanour , Henry has received widespread criticism for the manner in which he celebrated Gallas ' winner with such gusto .
The former Arsenal favourite said he regretted the way he had celebrated the decisive goal , but that it was just an outpouring of emotion .
" I should n't have done that but , frankly , it was uncontrollable , after all we had been through , " he said .
" Indeed , I regret that .
That is why after the game I went to shake hands with each Irish player .
Then , we did n't celebrate , even in the changing - room .
People can't say anything .
" After the game , I went to the press conference to say I did a handball .
I could have missed it and not say a word .
But I did n't escape my responsibilities . "
Henry admits to feeling let down by the French Football Federation having been contacted by them only after he issued a statement to the press .
" The day after the match , and the day after that , I felt alone , really alone , " he added .
" It was only after I issued my statement that the people from the French Federation got in touch .
" We worked on my statement with my lawyer without knowing Fifa would make one the same day .
I did n't know it .
" At the end of the game Henry was seen consoling Richard Dunne , a player he knows from his time in the Premier League with Arsenal .
" After playing more than six years against Richard Dunne in England , I thought it was logical to go and say to him I was sorry .
" I lost a cup final in the same circumstances ( against Liverpool ) , so I knew what he felt .
That day , a Liverpool player ( Stephane Henchoz ) did a handball on the goal line but the referee did n't see it .
" A lot of our players were disappointed about it , but no one did anything against the player .
The least I could do was apologize .
He accepted it . "
How Not To Get Your Boat In The Water
Looking to take the boat out fishing in an attempt to catch a giant mako shark , reel in the next King of Common Carps , or even to do some noodling with Tulsa linebacker Mike Bryan ?
Well hopefully you have a bit more common sense than this guy when it comes to getting that boat of yours in the water .
In case you did n’t know ( and obviously this guy did n’t ) , cars are not exactly designed to drive into water , unless of course they were put together by Stevie Johnson .
It is anyone ’s guess as to how this whole incident developed , but I think it ’s fair to say that these guys wont be hitting the water anytime soon , unless they plan on doing so in the back of that pickup .
Hat Tip Pic – [ Jalopnik ]
Share This
1895 : The first U.S. race for gasoline - powered cars has to be postponed .
The vehicles could n't get to the starting line .
Within the month , though , they 're going to make some history .
Racing started out when cars started out .
The legend is that the first car race happened the first time one horseless carriage met another on the road .
That 's a quaint story , but back in the late 19th century , car races were not run on circuits .
They were " open road " affairs , run from one city to the other .
The first organized car race was the Paris - to - Rouen " reliability test " held only a year before the fine fellows at The Chicago Times - Herald came up with their idea to run a race from Chicago north to Milwaukee .
Unfortunately , the roads between the two Midwest metropolises were in terrible condition , so the route was shortened to Chicago to Evanston and back .
It would cover only 54 miles .
The original field featured 83 entries in the race , but 76 of them never made it to the race .
The high dropout rate seemed largely due to most of the cars not being finished in time for the contest .
Organizers postponed the event for a week .
Even pre-race favorite Elwood Haynes had to drop out when his car was damaged en route and unable to compete .
If the new technology were n't already tricky enough , dealing with the local authorities was even worse .
Before Haynes and a Mercedes Benz driver could even get into town , they were stopped by the cops .
Their infraction ?
The police said that they had no right to drive their vehicles on the city streets and the competitors had to requisition horses to pull the cars .
Naturally the editors of the Times - Herald flipped out .
They postponed the event again , until they could convince the city leaders to pass an ordinance allowing the newfangled vehicles to travel on the streets of Chicago .
By this time , the race had slipped to November 28 , Thanksgiving Day , and the course was plagued by muddy roads and snowdrifts .
There were three Benzes in the final field , all of them three - wheelers .
The only four - wheeled car to run was a " motorized wagon " from Charles Duryea .
Two electric - powered cars got to the starting line .
One of them could n't even start the race , and the other had to stop twice to replace the primitive batteries that were drained by the November weather .
It turned back early , covering only 11 miles of the course .
The only other entries were two " motorcycles , " but they lacked the power to climb one of the grades on the course , and had to drop out .
That left only the three Benzes and the Duryea .
Not only was this the first car race in America , but it also featured the first auto - racing accident .
Shortly after the start , depending on whom you believe , either two of the cars argued over the same piece of road , or one of them , a Benz , ran into a horse cart or was forced off the road by the horses .
Whatever caused it , one Benz was in a ditch and out of the race .
Then another Benz dropped out .
It was a nip - and - tuck battle between the last Benz and the Duryea .
The Duryea led at the start , but the Benz passed it going into Evanston .
The Duryea regained the lead on the return trip and crossed the finish line first .
It took home the grand prize of $ 2,000 – more than $ 50,000 in today 's money .
The event created significant publicity for automobiles , proving just how fast and how far they could go .
The race was completed in just under eight hours , at a blistering average speed of 7 mph .
Photo :
The Duryea motorized wagon was an early winner in the world of auto racing .
See Also :
Enlarge By Mike Groll , AP New York 's 23rd Congressional District Democratic candidate Bill Owens delivers his victory speech Wednesday at Democratic headquarters in Plattsburgh , N.Y .
WASHINGTON  A wildly unpredictable race for a House seat in Upstate New York gave Democrats their only high - profile victory Tuesday night in a contest both parties predicted would have implications for next year 's congressional elections .
Democrat Bill Owens narrowly beat Conservative Party candidate Doug Hoffman in the down - to - the - wire race for New York 's 23rd Congressional District — portions of which have been represented by Republicans for more than a century .
Hoffman conceded early Wednesday .
The special election in the sprawling district that tracks along the Canadian border captured national attention as Republicans such as former Alaska governor Sarah Palin endorsed Hoffman over Republican Dede Scozzafava , who later dropped out of the race amid criticism of her conservative credentials .
Owens ' win provided a glimmer of hope for Democrats in an off - year election that resulted in Republican victories in the Virginia and New Jersey gubernatorial races — but the race also emboldened conservatives .
Matt Kibbe of the conservative advocacy group FreedomWorks said the dramatic turn of events that took place before the election would put GOP incumbents on notice that they could face primaries if they do n't adhere to the party 's core principles .
" These are signals that tell fiscal conservatives to run and tell fiscal moderates — I would call them tax - and - spend representatives — they are n't going to win elections next year , " Kibbe said .
" You 're seeing a shift in the center of gravity . "
The district was held for 16 years by Republican John McHugh , who resigned after being named Army secretary by President Obama .
Although the district leans Republican , Obama carried the district last year .
Tim Kaine , the chairman of the Democratic National Committee , said the GOP 's intraparty feuding in New York will hurt the party in future races , too .
" The all - out war between Republicans and the far right wing is a disaster for the Republican Party and will dog it well after today , " he said .
Several possible Republican 2010 primaries , including in Florida 's Senate race , are shaping up as fights between centrists and conservatives .
Chris Chocola , who heads the conservative Club for Growth , said the race was not evidence of a GOP civil war because Scozzafava was not really a moderate Republican but rather held views far left of the party 's mainstream .
At Sentry Data Systems , we have a very distributed technology organization .
The majority of our technical staff does not work from our Deerfield Beach headquarters .
Instead , we have our developers , implementation staff , tech support , and infrastructure personnel spread out across the country , and even a satellite office located in the midwest .
Everyone is an employee , and we do n’t do any offshoring , but we are most certainly not geographically close to each other .
If you ’d asked me five years ago if I thought this would be a good approach to take , I would have rather emphatically told you no .
In fact , I resisted it pretty strenuously for quite a while .
You had to be a senior developer , having spent significant time on site ( at least a year ) , and working remote was a reserved privilege .
While we had a few guys working remotely , it was n’t the majority you see , so Bad Things could n’t happen , but we still had folks dialing in right from the beginning .
And yet , in hindsight , it may be one of the factors that helps us squeeze more productivity out of our staff , helps them produce higher quality code , and allows us to get the leg up on competition .
For starters , it forced us extremely early on to invest in systems , processes , and a way of working that brought everything we did online .
Project management , change control , bug tracking , issue tracking , source control , testing , collaboration , documentation , document management , communication , all of these things needed to be ubiquitous and consistently used by the entire staff .
If things were n’t accessible online , that meant Bob in Utah was n’t going to be able to contribute , learn , participate , or even know about it .
The second major factor that a distributed team gives us is a national recruiting footprint .
We ’re not just going up against Acme Software in our back yard down here in Fort Lauderdale ( South Florida has its own disadvantages for hiring technology workers ) , we ’re getting to compete for the top talent across the US in every job market .
Our pool of potential applicants increases by an order of magnitude or more , which really amps up the talent level and allows us to be super picky .
Third , I recently came across this article recently which was discussing some research from Microsoft , exploring traditional myths about Software Development , and they touched on the fact that distributed teams in their experience do n’t have a negative impact on team performance .
They rightly point out that this flies in the face of a “ one of the most cherished beliefs of software development ” but they also illustrate how any worker would much rather talk to someone knowledgeable on their team 4,000 miles away than a less knowledgeable guy next door .
Makes sense , and it jives with our experience as well , but I ca n’t say I expected this outcome at first .
Are there drawbacks ?
Sure .
It ’s nice to have everyone over for a barbeque on a long weekend , and that ca n’t happen .
It ’s fun to walk by and joke with everyone while making the rounds in the morning , and that ’s harder to do , but we still manage to interact a good deal as a team .
The flip side is it ’s nice for the remote guys to be able to live where they want , stay in touch with family and friends , and yet still have a great job at a fun company .
This really contributes to retention – we ’ve had several guys move several times in the last few years , which I count as a “ save ” on losing an employee each time .
If you ’re considering running your organization ’s software teams in a distributed fashion , here ’s some things you ’ll want to make sure you ’ve got covered :
Excellent communication methods : cell phones , VoIP phones for extension dialing off the corporate network , private instant messaging network , email , and more .
cell phones , VoIP phones for extension dialing off the corporate network , private instant messaging network , email , and more .
Organizational Discipline : People in the organization need to understand that they will often be interacting with remote individuals , and that they ca n’t cherry pick projects to those who are in the office .
Yes , a phone call is not as nice as face - to - face , but often it ’s more productive .
: People in the organization need to understand that they will often be interacting with remote individuals , and that they ca n’t cherry pick projects to those who are in the office .
Yes , a phone call is not as nice as face - to - face , but often it ’s more productive .
Team - Based Activities are Still Key :
This is an easy one for us .
We play video games every Friday afternoon / evening .
Combination of shooters ( Team Fortress 2 ) and other games ( DoTA and HoN ) and the games are part of the employee start up paperwork .
: This is an easy one for us .
We play video games every Friday afternoon / evening .
Combination of shooters ( Team Fortress 2 ) and other games ( DoTA and HoN ) and the games are part of the employee start up paperwork .
Everything Must be Online : Bug tracking , brainstorming , documentation , everything .
A major advantage this gives you is it ’s a head start on preparing for audits or other certifications ( SAS70 , etc. ) you might need to complete as an organization as everything will be easily accessible .
: Bug tracking , brainstorming , documentation , everything .
A major advantage this gives you is it ’s a head start on preparing for audits or other certifications ( SAS70 , etc. ) you might need to complete as an organization as everything will be easily accessible .
You Still Need to Be Involved :
If you like to walk around and say hi to everyone each day like I do in the office , you still need to do it “ online ” via instant messenger or phone call .
If you like to walk around and say hi to everyone each day like I do in the office , you still need to do it “ online ” via instant messenger or phone call .
Figure out if a Satellite Office Makes Sense :
We found that we had roughly 5 people clustered in one city , so we sprung for a satellite office .
It ’s a cheap thing to do and helps our recruiting in that area .
: We found that we had roughly 5 people clustered in one city , so we sprung for a satellite office .
It ’s a cheap thing to do and helps our recruiting in that area .
One Timezone : We work on US Eastern time .
You can live where you want , but you ’re going to work that timezone .
This is critical , in my opinion and while it does mean the guys in California are up at 5 AM , it ’s not the end of the world and really helps keep things simple from a scheduling and planning perspective , and maintains the ability for quick communication .
It probably is n’t for every organization , but it ’s really worked out for us , and it ’s definitely something we ’ve grown organically and will continue to improve .
The Chameleon Guitar — so named for its ability to mimic different instruments — is an electric guitar whose body has a separate central section that is removable .
This inserted section , the soundboard , can be switched with one made of a different kind of wood , or with a different structural support system , or with one made of a different material altogether .
Then , the sound generated by the electronic pickups on that board can be manipulated by a computer to produce the effect of a different size or shape of the resonating chamber .
Several resonators were made , using techniques similar to the guitar body , to demonstrate the acoustic possibilities ; from wooden acoustic resonators to experimental ones .
Watch the video! via LabCast
California county GOP launches campaign to out ‘ liberals posing as Republicans ’
In a sign that the 2010 primary season is beginning to heat up , and is likely to get ugly , a Republican candidate for the Senate has “ accused ” a rival Republican of being a closeted homosexual .
Andy Martin , a journalist from Illinois with a long history of controversial anti-Semitic remarks and the man credited with starting the rumor that Barack Obama is a Muslim , released an ad Monday in which he cited “ rumors ” that Rep. Mark Kirk ( R - IL ) is gay .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I am fighting for the facts about Mark Kirk , ” Martin , who is running for Obama ’s old seat , says in the ad .
“ Illinois Republican leader Jack Roeser says there is a ‘ solid rumor that Kirk is a homosexual . ’
Roeser suggests that Kirk is part of a Republican Party homosexual club .
Lake County Illinois Republican leader Ray True says Kirk has surrounded himself with homosexuals .
Mark Kirk should tell Republican voters the truth . ”
Sam Stein at Huffington
Post reports :
The seedy spot seems to take a page out the Karl Rove playbook — in which allegations of homosexuality are pushed by innuendo and ‘ simple demands for the truth . ’
In a statement to a local Illinois station , the Kirk camp vehemently condemned and denied its content .
“ The ad is not true and is demeaning to the political process .
The people of Illinois deserve better , ” said Kirk campaign manager Eric Elk in a written statement .
Martin , it should be noted , is quite proficient in the art of political smear .
He was profiled by the New York Times during the 2008 campaign as “ The Man Behind the Whispers About Obama . ”
But Martin ’s history of controversial comments goes back much further than last year ’s presidential campaign .
In 1996 , his run for a Florida State Senate seat ended in failure when it emerged he had named the committee for a 1986 congressional campaign “ The Anthony R. Martin - Trigona Congressional Campaign to Exterminate Jew Power in America . ”
And the New York Times reports that , in a 1983 bankruptcy case , Martin called the judge “ a crooked , slimy Jew who has a history of lying and thieving common to members of his race . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The object of Martin ’s attack ad , Mark Kirk , is considered a Republican moderate .
The five - term House representative is a leading voice in Congress for sanctions against Iran , and has also strongly criticized President Barack Obama ’s plan to relocate Guantanamo detainees to an Illinois prison facility .
OUTING CLOSET LIBERALS
A different kind of “ outing ” is taking place in Placer County , California , where the chairman of the local Republican committee has launched a campaign to expose “ liberals posing as Republicans , ” reports the Sacramento Bee .
“ We need to protect our brand , ” the paper quotes Placer County Republican Central Committee chairman Tom Hudson .
“ We need to stand for something . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The Bee reports :
With the elected committee ’s backing , Hudson has drafted candidates to run against sitting GOP officeholders he views as not conservative enough , orchestrated a controversial endorsement during the primary for the 4th Congressional District seat , and played a role in the decision by two Placer County officeholders to drop their Republican Party membership .
ADVERTISEMENT
But the paper notes that one effect of the anti-liberal campaign is a thinning of Republican ranks in the county :
North Korea said Tuesday it has detained an American man who illegally entered the country last week , following reports that a missionary from Arizona went to the communist nation on a mission to improve its human rights record .
American missionary Robert Park is shown in a December 2009 photo released by his parents at the Palomar Korean Church in San Marco , Calif .
( ( Associated Press ) )
The North 's official Korean Central News Agency said in a brief dispatch that the American was detained and is under investigation after illegally entering through the North Korea - China border last Thursday .
It did n't identify the man .
However , the report comes as South Korean activists say American missionary Robert Park , 28 , slipped across the frozen Tumen River into North Korea from China last week with letters calling for a change in North Korea 's leadership and an end to political prison camps .
The Rev. John Benson , the pastor of Life in Christ Community Church in Park 's hometown of Tucson , Ariz . , said he was happy to hear Park was alive .
' I pray he comes back in one piece '
" To hear it confirmed is great , " Benson said .
" I pray he comes back in one piece .
That would be the best case scenario . "
" He did this to bring awareness to the situation in North Korea , alert the churches around the world to the atrocities and human rights violations .
Not pay lip service and do something about it , " Benson said .
" Drastic situations call for drastic measures . "
Jo Sung -rae of the Seoul - based activist group Pax Koreana quoted one of two people who guided Park as saying he heard people who apparently were border guards speaking loudly as soon as Park crossed the border and that he believed the missionary was taken into custody immediately .
Park 's detention comes just months after North Korea freed two U.S. journalists who had been arrested in March and sentenced to 12 years of hard labor for trespassing and " hostile acts . "
UPDATE @ 11/28/09 , 5:00 pm MST : The Coyotes ' website states that Tikhonov was " loaned " to the KHL , presumably in the same way a prospect player is " loaned " back to his junior team which holds his rights .
The loan is only valid until the end of the 2009 - 2010 season .
Phoenix Coyotes ' prospect Viktor Tikhonov has left the San Antonio Rampage of the American Hockey League for the greener pastures - and bank accounts - of the Russian Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) .
Tikhonov is the second high - profile NHL prospect defection to the KHL in as many weeks , following on the heels of Nikita Filatov 's public departure from the Columbus Blue Jackets .
There is currently a dispute between the CSKA Red Army team and Severstal Cherepovets over which team holds the young prospect 's rights .
It is likely that CSKA will forfeit draft picks to acquire Tikhonov 's rights to enable him to play for the Red Army squad .
The move is something of a surprise considering that Tikhonov 's own stated intentions were to remain in the Coyotes ' system until he achieved his goal of becoming an NHL regular .
However , the Rampage are in a significant streak of consecutive defeats and have just fired their head coach ; combined with the significant increase in tax - free salary money available in the KHL , there is certainly plenty of motivation for Tikhonov to return home to play .
Interestingly , Tikhonov 's player card has been removed from the " Future Coyotes " section of the official Coyotes website , although his stats remain online there as well as at the San Antonio Rampage website .
The most likely scenario is that Tikhonov will finish the season with CSKA before returning to North America next year to attempt to make the Coyotes ' roster out of training camp .
The young native of Riga , Latvia spent most of his upbringing in California , where his father Vasily was employed as a coach with the San Jose Sharks franchise .
His grandfather Viktor is a Russian hockey legend and former coach of the Soviet National Team .
Tikhonov , the Coyotes ' 28th overall selection in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft , played in 61 games with the Coyotes last season , posting 8 - 8 - 16 , a - 3 and 20 PIM .
For the Rampage this season , Tikhonov accumulated 2 - 6 - 8 , +5 and 12 PIM .
Viktor Tikhonov # 41 / Right Wing / Phoenix Coyotes Height : 6 - 2 Weight : 187 Born : May 12 , 1988
Yelping Jessica Simpson posts video on Twitter of her ' ear candling ' experience
Jessica Simpson appears in this bizarre video in which she puts a lit ' candle ' in her ear .
The pop star - turned - actress can be seen screaming and laughing as she holds the burning candle .
She is thought to be trying ' ear candling ' , which is professionally used to regulate pressure within the inner ear .
Scroll down to see the video ...
Jessica Simpson holds a lit ' candle ' in her ear to remove wax
Ouch :
The singer - turned - actress yelped and laughed as the the flame burned and sucked the wax out of her ear and up the hollow candle tube
The Newlyweds star was told by her hairdresser Ken Paves that placing the lit candle in her ear would remove wax , so she tried it while he filmed it , before posting it on social networking website , Twitter .
The 29 - year - old singer was pictured in New York yesterday , minus her make - up , where she was visiting her sister Ashlee .
Looking more like an English rose than an all - American girl , Jessica sported rosy cheeks in the Big Apple where temperatures are currently below freezing .
Glam to bland : Jessica seen here in full make - up compared with her au naturel red-faced look as she braved the freezing temperatures
Meanwhile , sister Jessica has been showing off one of her early Christmas presents .
The singer posted a video of herself using a candle , given to her by designer friend Ken Paves , to rid her ears of wax .
In the bizarre video she is seen lying with her head down on a table , with the burning candle wedged into her ear .
The 29 - year - old singer braves the snow in New York where she will be spending Christmas with sister Ashlee and parents Joe and Tina
Jessica was recently forced to deny that she 'd had any involvement with Tiger Woods in the midst of his infidelity scandal .
U.S. magazine Star claimed that the two flirted in the presence of Simpson ’s then - beau Tony Romo , and exchanged text messages days later .
However , Jessica said , via her Twitter page : ' [ I ] ca n’t believe that I ’m on the cover of star magazine with Tiger Woods , what a JOKE !
‘ The Shocking Inside Story ’ is ( insert drumroll ) A LIE !'
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - America ’s baby boomers are likely to have far more trouble moving around as they get older than their parents had , U.S. researchers said on Thursday .
They studied disabilities among several age groups and found that people in their 60s were less able to do daily activities like walking up a flight of stairs or using a vacuum cleaner than people in their 70s .
Rising rates of obesity -- two - thirds of American adults are either obese or overweight -- may be to blame .
“ If you have more weight , you wear out your joints faster and report more disability , ” said Dr. Arun Karlamangla of the University of California at Los Angeles , whose study appears in the American Journal of Public Health .
“ Clearly there is an obesity epidemic , and that is why you are seeing a worsening , ” he said in a telephone interview .
The researchers looked at data from a national study of nutrition and health to see how disabilities have changed for adults in their 60s , 70s and 80s .
For disability they looked at basic activities like getting out of bed , going to the toilet and doing household chores .
For mobility they looked at walking in the community or climbing stairs and they examined functional limitations like being able to crouch or kneel or bend over to pick something up .
They found that between 1988 and 1999 , disability among those in their 60s increased by 40 and 70 percent in each area studied except functional limitations .
The increases were worse among people who were obese .
They saw no significant changes among people 70 to 79 , while the 80 - plus group had fewer functional limitations .
Karlamangla said people who have trouble doing household chores may not be an immediate drain on health care , but they do wind up needing nursing home care much faster than others .
“ If this trend continues unchecked , it will put increasing pressure on our society to take care of these disabled individuals , ” UCLA ’s Teresa Seeman , who worked on the study , said in a statement .
The breaching of the Berlin Wall 20 years ago this month has become the symbol of the collapse of communism in Eastern Europe and , ultimately , the triumph of democracy .
But sometimes I wonder if we actually know yet what we were witnessing .
I did n’t see the wall come down , but I was in Hungary eight months earlier for what was in retrospect the beginning of the end of the Soviet system .
At the time , we did n’t know what we were seeing , but on March 15 , 1989 , I was part of a team from the “ MacNeil / Lehrer NewsHour ” on PBS , filming a crowd of demonstrators estimated at 100,000 who had flooded into the square that housed Magyar Televizio , Hungarian state television in Budapest .
The people were carrying Hungarian flags and were there to deliver a petition demanding democratic rights .
It was a far cry from the Budapest I ’d reported on just two years earlier , when it seemed as if the Soviet presence in Eastern Europe would last for a thousand years .
The U.S. Embassy was then one of the most heavily bugged structures in Budapest , so when we went there to interview embassy personnel , we talked about the weather , carrying on our actual communication by passing notes .
When we interviewed dissidents on that trip , they took great pains to keep the meetings secret .
Among the few people who dared to say anything mildly challenging against the regime were a group of university students who spread a blanket on the lawn of their school and talked on camera about having read George Orwell ’s anti-authoritarian novel , “ 1984 . ”
By 1989 , when I returned , everything had changed .
When I visited that same embassy the first week of March , a U.S. official talked openly to us -- and presumably to the KGB eavesdroppers -- about how , as the impending March 15 demonstration seemed to get bigger , Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev was not responding to pleas for instruction from Hungary ’s communist rulers .
“ We do n’t know what to make of it , ” he said .
Dissidents nonchalantly joined me for dinner in the restaurant of my hotel , the most prominent in town .
And the people planning the March 15 demonstration -- a coalition of traditional dissidents , mildly oppositional academics and students -- held their sessions in the basement of a well - known restaurant and allowed us to videotape their strategizing .
Advertisement
Among the boldest of the demonstration planners were a group of students , including those we ’d interviewed two years earlier , who ’d formed a political movement called the Young Democrats .
They told us they were determined to make a stand while they were young , because by the time Hungarians reached their mid-20s , the regime had usually co-opted them .
Still , the outcome was not certain .
This was Hungary , after all , where in 1956 the Soviet Union had brutally put down a revolt against the regime that began when demonstrators surrounded Hungarian state radio .
On March 15 , as we videotaped from the steps of Magyar Televizio , some people carried a list of demands for democracy up out of the crowd .
The door of the television station opened , and the list was accepted .
That evening , it was read on the news .
Tens of thousands of people marched peacefully through the city .
The world was changing as we watched , but we did n’t report that the Iron Curtain had torn open , because we had no idea that it had .
It all began to come into clearer focus two months later , when Hungary removed the barbed - wire fence along its border with Austria and told guards not to shoot those who wanted to cross .
Months after that , the Berlin Wall fell , and two years later the Soviet Union dissolved , albeit with fewer memorable images .
Before the decade was out , Viktor Orban , one of the mildly rebellious students whom we ’d interviewed in 1986 , had become prime minister of Hungary .
Advertisement
In retrospect , some things that seemed puzzling at the time now seem so clear .
The embassy wondered why Gorbachev was ignoring the Hungarian leaders ’ plea for assistance .
But as it turned out , his not responding was central to all that happened next .
Months later , he also did n’t take the calls from panicky East Germans seeking guidance for how to react when the wall was breached .
He had decided to disengage , and that made all the difference .
It ’s also clear , two decades later , that the end of the Cold War left a power vacuum in the world .
No longer was it necessary for countries to affiliate themselves with one superpower or the other .
But once the world no longer fell obediently into zones of either Soviet or U.S. control , control was harder to impose .
Think Afghanistan .
Since the end of the Cold War , new powers , such as China and India , seem to be rising , based on their increasing power in the world economic system .
But it ’s not entirely clear what it all will mean .
When Eastern Europe emerged from Soviet domination 20 years ago , it seemed as if they were joining us , but in retrospect , we all may have been joining something else that is pulling us along .
Exactly what that is , we ca n’t yet see .
For the times I have needed to pass parameters to my Rake tasks from the command - line , I have always used environment variables ( as Ryan describes in this post from 2007 ) .
I recently checked out the parallel_specs plugin to see if I could get some noticeable performance improvements when running the test suite for one of my current projects .
I did n't in this case , but I saw something in the documentation that caught my eye :
$ rake parallel : spec [ 1 ] $ rake parallel : spec[ models ] $ rake parallel: test[ something /else ]
I have been using Rake forever , but those bracketed options were something new .
I thought that it was something Michael added as part of his plugin , but it turns out that this feature is built directly into Rake itself .
It was first introduced in this commit and made available as part of version 0.8.1.10 .
Configuring your tasks to use this feature is simple .
I 'll show you how .
A Sample Task
The basic task definition needs no explanation :
desc " Basic call and response " task : call do response = ' Task ' puts " When I say Rake , you say '# {response} ' ! " sleep 1 puts " Rake ! " sleep 1 puts " #{response} ! "
end
To configure the response each time the task was called , I would modify it to take the response as an argument using this syntax :
task : call , : response do |t , args| response = args [ : response ] ... end
The task description now reflects this change :
$ rake - T call rake call [ response ] # Basic call and response
Now when I invoke this task with a parameter , the args hash will contain : response as the key and the value I supply to the parameter :
$ rake call [ Task ]
When I say Rake , you say ' Task ' !
Rake !
Task !
However , the argument is not required so I get some strange results when I do n't provide one .
I can fix that quickly by setting a default value :
task : call , : response do |t , args| response = args [ : response ] || ' Task ' ... end
This feature is n't limited to a single argument .
In fact , I can pass as many as I want :
task : call , : response , : repeat do |t , args| response = args [ : response ] || ' Task ' repeat = ( args [ : repeat ] || 1 ) . to_i puts " When I say Rake , you say '# {response} ' ! " repeat .
times do sleep 1 puts " Rake ! " sleep 1 puts " #{response} ! " end end
And I call it in a similar fashion :
$ rake call [ Hoe ,2 ]
When I say Rake , you say ' Hoe ' !
Rake !
Hoe !
Rake !
Hoe !
If you 're used to specifying task dependencies using the hash syntax , do n't worry .
It 's still possible to do this when passing arguments , but the syntax is a bit different :
task : microphone do puts " Check 1 , 2 , 3 " end task : call , : response , : repeat , : needs => : microphone do |t , args | ... end
The dependency is called as expected :
$ rake call [ Hoe , 2 ] Check 1 , 2 , 3 When I say Rake , you say ' Hoe ' !
Rake !
Hoe !
Rake !
Hoe !
In Practice
FeedStitch has a task that starts the update process for a subset of the feeds users have added .
It looks something like this :
namespace : feedstitch do desc " Perform a rolling update of all feeds " task :update_feeds => :env do hours_for_full_update = 24 Updater.rolling_update(hours_for_full_update ) end end
The hours_for_full_update local variable is there for clarity , but having that value hardcoded into the Rake task means a code change and deploy each time we need to change it .
Specifying this update frequency when the task is called would eliminate that complexity :
namespace : feedstitch do desc " Perform a rolling update of all feeds " task :update_feeds , :hours_for_full_update , :needs => :env do |t , args | hours_for_full_update = ( args [:hours_for_full_update ] || 24).to_i Updater.rolling_update(hours_for_full_update ) end end
Now , when calling it I can configure how many feeds are updated at a time :
$ rake feedstitch : update_feeds [ 12 ]
This approach works great in those cases where you can use Rake for command - line scripts , but you need just a bit more configurability .
If your project requires a custom Ruby script to be run from the command - line , I recommend Trollop for a lighter - weight solution or even
Thor if you need something more advanced .
Update
As Brandon points out in the comments , there is a with_defaults method on args provided by Rake : : TaskArguments that will allow you to specify default values if none are provided .
Here 's what the cleaned - up task would look like using this feature :
desc " Basic call and response " task : call , : response , : repeat , : needs => : microphone do |t , args| args.with_defaults ( : response => ' Task ' , : repeat => 1 ) puts " When I say Rake , you say ' # {args [ : response ] } ' ! " args [ : repeat ] .to_i.times do sleep 1 puts " Rake ! " sleep 1 puts " #{args [ : response ]} ! " end end
The call to to_i is still required as parameters are received as strings when passing them to the task .
Another Update
Donald emailed to let me know about the new API for declaring tasks with dependencies .
The above tasks should now be written as :
Law enforcement sources tell TMZ ... Brooke Mueller was legally drunk when she called 911 on Charlie Sheen ... and , we 've learned , Brooke has fessed up that her allegation was phony .
Sources say authorities gave both Charlie and Brooke blood alcohol tests .
Brooke registered a .13 while Charlie registered a .04 .
By the way , the 911 call came in at 8:34 AM on Christmas day .
We 're also told Brooke recanted her story to a female officer just before the bail hearing , telling the cop she was drunk when she made the 911 call .
Nevertheless , law enforcement sources say police will still pursue the case -- at least for now .
We 've also learned Sheen has hired well - known Colorado attorney Richard Cummins to represent him .
Cops responded to the 911 call , arrived at the home and Sheen was arrested after Brooke claimed he assaulted her .
Charlie was booked for two felonies and one misdemeanor relating to domestic violence .
As we first reported , Sheen told law enforcement Brooke was the aggressor and he was just trying to defend himself .
Charlie 's next court date is set for February 8 .
Arsene Wenger 's side proved too good as they moved to second in the Premier League
Preamble Good evening everyone for what - tempting fate alert - will be a monumental goal - fest at Molineux .
The stats certainly point that way , with Arsenal having kept only four clean sheets in their last 19 away matches and Wolves having scored in 15 of their previous 19 home games .
It 's no surprise that Arsenal are new - boiler - hot favourites : they 've scored 19 goals in their last six games , collecting 16 out of 18 points in the process , while Wolves are winless in five .
What 's more , Wolves have n't beat Arsenal at Molineux for 30 years .
Teams :
Wolves : Hennessey , Stearman , Craddock , Berra , Zubar , Edwards , Henry , Milijas , Catillo , Ebanks - Blake , Doyle .
Subs : Hahnemann , Mancienne , Kightly , Halford , Jarvis , Keogh , Maierhofer .
Arsenal : Almunia , Sagna , Vermaelen , Gallas , Gibbs , Diaby , Fabregas , Ramsey , Arshavin , Eduardo , Van Persie .
Subs : Mannone , Senderos , Silvestre , Eboue , Rosicky , Nasri , Song Billong .
An email : " I see Liverpool are out to 25 - 1 to the Premier League , " says Richard Cox .
" I know it 's wrong , but I 'm tempted , I really am .
Anyone else ? "
Well ?
5.30 pm Both teams , who have poppies embedding in their shirts , enter the pitch to a guard of honour performed by RAF servicemen .
If you have n't read it , here 's Marina Hyde on why the vitriolic campaign to bully all Premier League clubs into wearing a poppy on their shirts shames the memory of the fallen .
1 min After an impeccably - observed minute 's silence , ahead of Remembrance Sunday tomorrow , Wolves get things underway .
Meanwhile there 's more unbridled optimism in my inbox .
" If Wolves win 14 - 0 or more , Tottenham go third ! " says Joe Gibson .
2 min Ten seconds in and Mick McCarthy is already scowling after Wolves ' thump it out on the full from the kick off .
Interestingly ( ish ) Wolves have made their pitch as narrow as it can possibly be under Fifa regulations in an attempt to squeeze Arsenal .
4 min
It 's been a lively start on and off the pitch .
Wolves fans are singing " In - ger - land , In - ger - land ! " at Arsenal supporters .
Ah , that famed black country wit ...
6 min Corner to Wolves , Doyle flicks it goalwards and Gibbs heads off the line !
7 min Actually , looking at the replay Doyle 's header was going wide .
Meanwhile Shammi Hude asks viz a viz the lack of autorefresh option ( which should now be fixed ) : " Are your technical gremlins haunting you again or is it my dodgy internet connection in Dhaka ?
You lot should really think of getting in a Bangladeshi IT support crew ... will work 24 - 7 with no holidays for a couple of quid an hour ( in cash ) . "
We 're the Guardian , Shammi , not [ insert multinational of choice here ] .
9 min More decent play from Wolves leads to another corner .
Again it 's taken by Milijas , and again a Wolves ' striker - this time Ebanks - Blake - evades his marker only to head just wide .
11 min Arsenal are still looking a bit sluggish and Wolves are definitely on top .
Minor aisde : legendary rocker Robert Plant , who is a vice - president of Wolves , is watching today 's game .
13 min " Re. 5:30 pm , Marina Hyde - she is entrirely right about poppy fascism , " says David Hilmy .
" As a veteran myself throughout the late 70s - 80s , just as in WWII , the men who fought in the trenches did so to protect freedom and the right to choose to prefer your chips in newspaper or a Mickie - D Happy Meal , to watch footie on the Beeb or scrounge a satellite feed via Kazakhstan , or to wear a poppy or not ... "
15 min Eduardo goes down in the box under the challenge of Berra , but there 's no strong Arsenal appeal for a penalty .
17 min What a chance for Wolves !
Milijas ' free - kick from just inside Arsenal 's half found Berra completely unmarked , six yards out and with Almunia flapping , but his header looped up like a beachball under a gust of wind and Arsenal cleared .
18 min
That 's three decent chances Wolves have had from set - plays already ...
20 min Much slicker from Arsenal as , in a draw of a breath , Diaby finds Arshavin who slip - slides it to Van Persie .
His cross zips along the six - yard box but Wolves clear .
22 min
There 's a delay in play as Diaby is treated for what looks a knee injury .
For the time being Arsenal are playing with 10 men ...
23 min Another Wolves free - kick in a dangerous postition , 35 yards from goal , but this time Van Persie clears .
24 min Arsenal sub : Diaby off , Song in .
25 min Wolves continue to attack .
Doyle swivels and finds space on the right and crosses low and hard but there 's no one in the box to meet it .
26 min Milijas ' inswinging free - kick is flicked on by Edwards before Arsenal clear for a corner .
Milijas takes it , Ebanks - Blake tries to fist it in and gets a yellow card from Steve Bennett .
GOAL !
Wolves 0 - 1 Arsenal ( Zuba OG 28 ) Oh dear oh dear .
Wolves have had by far the best of this and yet they are behind .
Fabregas 's corner went across Wolves ' goal , Van Persie missed it , and the ball went in after colliding with Zuba 's thigh .
30 min " I have just spent 30 minutes in the pouring rain in Cardiff trying to find a single pub with a single screen showing this match live , " fumes Tony Attwood .
" Some of the pubs I went into had 15 screens , including several ordinary size ones with no one watching them - but they refused to put a single screen on to the football .
I appreciate rugby is the national game , but one tiny screen that no one else is watching , turned over to football would have harmed no one .
What is the matter with these people ?
Talk about cultural fascism . "
32 min Arsenal fast - break , Hennessy flaps , but Ramsey 's header is straight at him .
Arsenal are looking a lot more comfortable now .
34 min Fabregas ' corner flies over bar .
Meanwhile , according to Arsenal 's back - room staff , Diaby has a calf injury .
35 min
It 's now slating it down at Molineux .
GOAL !
Wolves 0 - 2 Arsenal ( Craddock OG 36 )
Wolves go hell for leather and leave just Craddock back , which turns out to be incredibly stupid when Arsenal suddenly fast break .
A two - on - one quickly becomes two - nil when Eduardo 's chip takes a big deflection off Craddock , clanks off the post and goes in .
38 min Doyle fires well wide from a difficult angle .
" Tell Tony in Cardiff to walk left as you are looking at the castle , there is an Irish pub there which actually appreciates football , " says Jack Webster .
" I 've been through all this myself earlier in the season ! "
39 min Arshavin .
Eduardo .
Van Persie ... and wide of the post .
The referee , wrongly , gives an Arsenal corner which comes to nothing .
40 min Arshavin has just been booked , but I 've no idea what for as my ESPN feed suddenly went a similar shade of green to Brian Clough 's famous jersey .
42 min Milijas takes yet another free - kick in a dangerous area but this time he Wilkinsons it over the bar .
As Joe Royle on commentary points out , despite Wolves playing very well , they 've yet to force Almunia into a save .
44 min
There 's some kerfuffle in the Wolves box after Ramsey 's lovely outside - of - the - foot cross , but the ball is eventually cleared .
Wolves 0 - 3 ( Fabregas 45 min ) Brilliant from Arsenal .
Sagna romps forward before playing it to Van Persie , who carresses it to Fabregas , who slots it home .
Game over .
Half - time
Well , that 's surely it , is n't it ?
While I have a short break , I 'd appreciate your thoughts on what would happen if the Arsenal side of 2009 - 10 played the Wimbledon team of 1990 - 91 in a fantasy - I 'm using the word loosely - match - up .
46 min We 're off again .
Meanwhile lots of emails about what would happen if Wimbledon 90/91 played Arsenal 09/10 .
" It would end 6 - 1 to Arsenal with four Wimbledon players sent off and seven Arsenal players injured , two of whom would be out for the rest of the season , " suggests Yasser Hamdi .
47 min
This looks like damage - limitation for Wolves .
They 're now sitting much deeper , happy to let Arsenal ping the ball around .
49 min Van Persie flicks it to Ramsey , but he 's unable to control it before Craddck clears .
" I 'm going to be the gazillionth to point out that the Wimbledon team of 90/91 would be a bit short of pace these days to cope with the likes of Fabregas , " says Richard Woods .
Also , as you have mentioned the great man , Brian Clough believed that players improve from generation to generation - as I recall , he made the point that if there were n't timings , people would still be arguing that Roger Bannister was a better runner than Sebastian Coe .
I have no idea who would win between the current Arsenal and the ancient Wimbledon as I was drunk in 1990 / 91 . "
50 min Arsenal are showing no signs of easing off : Arshavin switches to the right but his cross is too close to Hennessy .
52 min " Re this fantasy Wimbledon v Arsenal match , surely it depends which decade you get the ref from , " says Ian Marlow , not unreasonably .
54 min
This is all a bit show 's over .
Wolves can't string three passes together .
56 min This from Charles Balfour .
" Wenger vs Crazy Gang : Fabregas loses both testicles within the first five minutes .
Eduado asks to be substituted after 10 .
Gould asks Wenger to step outside after Wise chews Arshavin 's ear off .
89th minute ; Beasant punts it up for a scrambled 1 - 0 to the Dons.
Arsenal 's season falls apart .
William Gallas renounces all worldly goods and spend the rest of his days in a Himalayan retreat . "
58 min Wolves ' supporters are taking delight in petty victories - an offside decision going their way , a free - kick awarded in their favour - and again rejoicing in the fact that their relegation - threatened squad is mostly English with chants of " Ing - ger - land !
Ing - ger - land ! "
59 min Yellow card for Kieran Gibbs , whose foot was high - and off the floor when he went into Zuba .
60 min Yellow card for Zubijas , who is late on Sagna .
62 min
The game has got very bitty and tetchy , with lots of fouls and very few chances .
Arsenal are comfortable with the status quo , and so - you sense - are Wolves , for to press forward would open themselves to further pain .
64 min Wolves sub : Knightly on , Castillo off .
65 min " Who 's going to be the first to tell Charles Balfour ( 56 min ) that his scenario is impossible because Dave Beasant left the Crazy Gang immediately after the 1988 Cup Final ? " asks Gerard Cullen .
You are Gerard .
Wolves 0 - 4 Arsenal ( Arshavin 66 ) Seconds after seeing Hennessy save his rasping shot , Arshavin scores .
Fabregas 's corner was punched out to the edge of the area , and Arshavin , under too little pressure , drove his shot into the corner .
69 min
And that should have been five .
Eduardo had a one - on - one , but tried to nutmeg Hennessy from six yards and his shot was blocked .
" Am working in San Francisco at a focus group with 12 chemists speaking about textbook publishing , " says Scott Dustan .
" It is as exciting as it sounds , so I 'm grateful for the hilarious antics of the Wolves defense to distract me .
Does anyone know what 's the highest number of own - goals scored in a Premier League game ? "
70 min Arsenal sub : Rosicky on , Eduardo - who leaves the pitch to what sounds like cries of ' wanker ! wanker ! ' from the home fans - off .
72 min Arsenal continue to attack .
Meanwhile more Wenger v Crazy Gang talk .
" Surely it would be an easy win for the Arsenal , " chuckles Niall Harden .
" That Wimbledon team must be well into their forties by now . "
74 min Wolves sub : Milijas off , Jarvis on .
Meanwhile Charles Balfour is back .
" Gerard is quite right about David Beasant but in a 3 am Beijing hotel room with only a dram of whisky for reference I believe I deserve a little slack , " he sighs .
76 min Arsenal sub : Arshavin off , Nasri on .
76 min More lovely football from Arsenal ends with Van Persie beating his man , squaring his cross and - surprisingly - Fabregas chipping over the bar .
78 min
It 's all flicks , tricks and drag - backs from Arsenal now .
Another stunning spell of one - touch football ; another desperate block from Wolves , this time from Nasri 's shot .
80 min Wolves sub : Mancienne on , not sure who went off .
Meanwhile Wolves have a free - kick , 25 yards out and central ...
81 min ... Knighty tips it to Henry , whose shot is charged down .
83 min More PlayStation football from Arsenal .
Speaking of which this from Stig Tennås .
" The Norwegian commentator here just suggested that the Arsenal players all have some special software installed to give them a special understanding of playing football the Arsenal way , " he says .
Real science from professor wenger , I guess .
Great stuff . "
84 min Van Persie is played in and has a one - on - one with Hennessy , albeit from a difficult angle .
He beats him once , then twice , and then tries to beat half the Wolves defence who have , in the meantime , tracked back .
And fails .
86 min " Re : Tony Atwood 's comment on 30 m - am I the only person pleased to find that there is at least one corner of the world that ' the greatest League in the World ' has n't conquered ? " asks Tony Cross .
" Admittedly I 'm not trying to find my team playing a live televised match but then my team is Brentford so getting a live televised match for us is something of a miracle in and of itself . "
87 min More one - touch stuff from Arsenal , but Rosicky clown - foots it over from eight yards .
Meanwhile Wolves ' fans are singing " We hate Fabregas " .
Wolves 1 - 4 Arsenal ( Craddock 89 )
It 's too little , too late , but Wolves fans finally have a goal on the board .
It was a bog - standard corner , floated in level with the six - yard box , but Vermalean barged into Gallas leaving Craddock free to head in .
92 min Speaking of late efforts , here 's Gary Naylor .
" The Wimbledon team of the past would n't be the Wimbledon team of the present .
The Crazy Gang would have benefited from the dietary revolution ( who had heard of pre-match pasta and er... creatine , back then ? ) and would have modified their game in the light of new tactics ( Dennis Wise played centre - midfield playmaker for a successful 90s Chelsea team ) .
I 'm certain that Everton 's mid-80s team would , with a season to adjust , win this edition of the Premier League by a margin - they solved every problem posed in their time , were stronger and faster than any of their contemporaries and had a will to win that I have n't seen before or since . "
I rate that Everton team very highly Gary , and it's a shame they were n't able to go for the European Cup , but surely saying they'd win the Premier League ' by a margin ' is overcooking things ?
Full - time
That 's it !
Wolves gave it a real go , but in the end Arsenal were just too good .
I 'll leave the final word about the fantasy Arsenal v Wimbledon match to Matt from Washington .
" Earlier this week , some American women 's college teams attempted to stage a dramatization of your dream Wimbledon - Arsenal matchup , " he writes , before providing this link , which is definitely worth a look .
Thanks for all your emails .
Cheers , Sean .
The
took another blow in the national media yesterday courtesy of Fox News commentator Shepard Smith .
" If my kid were in Detroit , I 'd try to burn the place down , " Smith said during a discussion on the district's
.
Smith quickly pointed out his comment was meant figuratively , but his guests -- school board member Tyrone Whinfrey and Detroit Parent Network Executive Director Sharlonda Buckman -- say he went too far .
" We 're not going to burn down Detroit , " Whinfrey
after the interview .
" We 're going to stand together in the city . "
Buckman , a fierce critic of the district herself , said Shepard 's comment was shameful .
" If you 're not part of the solution , you 're part of the problem . "
But Buckman may have paved the way for the discussion with a critique she offered last weekend .
In a story
and other national media , she proposed parents should file civil lawsuits against teachers and administrators and suggested they belong in jail .
" Somebody needs to pay for this , "
at a breakfast forum Saturday .
" Somebody needs to go to jail , and it should n't be the kids . "
, Detroit students in fourth and eighth grade recorded the lowest math scores in the history of the National Assessment of Educational Progress standardized test .
Mayor Dave Bing said the results were "
" and Emergency Financial Manager Robert Bobb called for a "
" in Detroit , asking volunteers to spend 100,000 hours teaching students to read .
Hundreds have already heeded his call to action .
The Detroit Free Press , which is partnering in the initiative ,
more than 700 volunteers from across the metro area signed up online within 36 hours and an additional 140 people signed up over the phone .
Update
: If you 're interested in helping ,
.
Update 2
:
Update 3
:
Update 4
:
( Boston ) - Researchers from Boston University School of Medicine ( BUSM ) have shown that fat collection in different body locations , such as around the heart and the aorta and within the liver , are associated with certain decreased heart functions .
The study , which appears on - line in Obesity , also found that measuring a person 's body mass index ( BMI ) does not reliably predict the amount of undesired fat in and around these vital organs .
The prevalence of obesity is rising rapidly in the United States .
Recent estimates suggest that approximately 30 percent of the adult population meets this criterion .
Past studies have shown that fat accumulation in the liver and around the heart are linked to cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes .
BUSM researchers compared fat volumes in obese persons ( BMI over 30 ) , all of whom had high blood pressure and / or diabetes , and lean healthy persons ( average BMI of 22 ) .
All subjects underwent magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) and proton MR spectroscopy to quantify pericardial and peri-aortic lipid volumes , cardiac function , aortic compliance and intra-hepatic lipid content .
Fasting plasma lipoproteins , glucose , insulin , and free fatty acids were also measured among the subjects .
The researchers found fat collections in anatomically separate locations , such as within the liver and around the heart , to be associated to cardiovascular function – including a decrease in cardiac pumping function – as fat around the heart increased .
However , they also found that the amount of fat around the heart and aorta was not predicted by the BMI of the individual in this population .
" Our study found that fat collection around the heart , the aorta and within the liver is clearly associated with decreased heart functions and that an MRI can quickly and noninvasively measure fat volume in these areas .
Our study also found that looking at BMI of the individual does not reliably predict the amount of undesired fat in and around organs , " said James
Hamilton , PhD , senior author and project leader , and a professor of biophysics , physiology and biomedical engineering at BUSM .
According to the researchers , this method of measuring cardiac function and fat depots can be done in less than one hour , and may provide a basis for future individualized treatment .
Source : Boston University Medical Center
struct
Cause struct Detail Valid variable names must start with a letter and can only contain letter , numbers , and underscores .
ErrNumber 0 Message
The string url.1 is not a valid ColdFusion variable name .
StackTrace coldfusion.runtime.NeoPageContext$InvalidVariableNameException :
The string url .1 is not a valid ColdFusion variable name .
at coldfusion.runtime.NeoPageContext.SymTab_validateName(NeoPageContext.java:1515 ) at coldfusion.runtime.NeoPageContext.setAttribute(NeoPageContext.java:433 ) at coldfusion.runtime.NeoPageContext.setAttribute(NeoPageContext.java:427 ) at coldfusion.runtime.CfJspPage._set(CfJspPage.java:421 ) at cfPortcullis2ecfc2088727880$funcSCAN.runFunction(D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\requirements\mura\Portcullis.cfc:127 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod.invoke(UDFMethod.java:472 ) at coldfusion.filter.SilentFilter.invoke(SilentFilter.java:47 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod$ReturnTypeFilter.invoke(UDFMethod.java:405 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod$ArgumentCollectionFilter.invoke(UDFMethod.java:368 ) at coldfusion.filter.FunctionAccessFilter.invoke(FunctionAccessFilter.java:55 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod.runFilterChain(UDFMethod.java:321 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod.invoke(UDFMethod.java:220 ) at coldfusion.runtime.TemplateProxy.invoke( TemplateProxy.java:491 ) at coldfusion .
runtime .TemplateProxy.invoke( TemplateProxy.java:337 ) at coldfusion.runtime.CfJspPage._invoke(CfJspPage.java:2360 ) at cfscriptProtect_include2ecfm1326099910.runPage(D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\config\appcfc\scriptProtect_include.cfm:5 ) at coldfusion.runtime.CfJspPage.invoke(CfJspPage.java:231 ) at coldfusion.tagext.lang.IncludeTag.doStartTag(IncludeTag.java:416 ) at coldfusion.runtime.CfJspPage._emptyTcfTag(CfJspPage.java:2722 ) at cfonRequestStart_scriptProtect_method2ecfm773177258$funcONREQUESTSTART.runFunction(D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\config\appcfc\onRequestStart_scriptProtect_method.cfm:50 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod.invoke(UDFMethod.java:472 ) at coldfusion.filter.SilentFilter.invoke(SilentFilter.java:47 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod$ReturnTypeFilter.invoke(UDFMethod.java:405 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod$ArgumentCollectionFilter.invoke(UDFMethod.java:368 ) at coldfusion.filter.FunctionAccessFilter.invoke(FunctionAccessFilter.java:55 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod.runFilterChain(UDFMethod.java:321 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod.invoke(UDFMethod.java:220 ) at coldfusion.runtime.CfJspPage._invokeUDF(CfJspPage.java:2582 ) at cfonMissingTemplate_include2ecfm368542900.runPage( D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\config\appcfc\onMissingTemplate_include.cfm:64 ) at coldfusion.runtime.CfJspPage.invoke(CfJspPage.java:231 ) at coldfusion.tagext.lang.IncludeTag.doStartTag(IncludeTag.java:416 ) at coldfusion.runtime.CfJspPage._emptyTcfTag(CfJspPage.java:2722 ) at cfonMissingTemplate_method2ecfm386368301$funcONMISSINGTEMPLATE.runFunction(D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\config\appcfc\onMissingTemplate_method.cfm:50 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod.invoke(UDFMethod.java:472 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod$ReturnTypeFilter.invoke(UDFMethod.java:405 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod$ArgumentCollectionFilter.invoke(UDFMethod.java:368 ) at coldfusion.filter.FunctionAccessFilter.invoke(FunctionAccessFilter.java:55 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod.runFilterChain(UDFMethod.java:321 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod.invoke(UDFMethod.java:220 ) at coldfusion.runtime.TemplateProxy.invoke( TemplateProxy.java:491 ) at coldfusion.runtime.TemplateProxy.invoke( TemplateProxy.java:337 ) at coldfusion.runtime.AppEventInvoker.invokeMissingTemplate(AppEventInvoker.java:162 ) at coldfusion.runtime.AppEventInvoker.onMissingTemplate(AppEventInvoker.java:348 ) at coldfusion.filter.ApplicationFilter.invoke(ApplicationFilter.java:317 ) at coldfusion.filter.RequestMonitorFilter.invoke(RequestMonitorFilter.java:48 ) at coldfusion.filter.MonitoringFilter.invoke(MonitoringFilter.java:40 ) at coldfusion.filter.PathFilter.invoke(PathFilter.java:94 ) at coldfusion.filter.ExceptionFilter.invoke(ExceptionFilter.java:70 ) at coldfusion.filter.BrowserDebugFilter.invoke(BrowserDebugFilter.java:79 ) at coldfusion.filter.ClientScopePersistenceFilter.invoke(ClientScopePersistenceFilter.java:28 ) at coldfusion.filter.BrowserFilter.invoke( BrowserFilter.java:38 ) at coldfusion.filter.NoCacheFilter.invoke(NoCacheFilter.java:46 ) at coldfusion.filter.GlobalsFilter.invoke(GlobalsFilter.java:38 ) at coldfusion.filter.DatasourceFilter.invoke(DatasourceFilter.java:22 ) at coldfusion.filter.CachingFilter.invoke(CachingFilter.java:62 ) at coldfusion .CfmServlet.service(CfmServlet.java:201 ) at coldfusion.bootstrap.BootstrapServlet.service(BootstrapServlet.java:89 ) at jrun.servlet.FilterChain.doFilter(FilterChain.java:86 ) at coldfusion.monitor.event.MonitoringServletFilter.doFilter(MonitoringServletFilter.java:42 ) at coldfusion.bootstrap.BootstrapFilter.doFilter(BootstrapFilter.java:46 ) at jrun.servlet.FilterChain.doFilter(FilterChain.java:94 ) at jrun.servlet.FilterChain.service(FilterChain.java:101 ) at jrun.servlet.ServletInvoker.invoke(ServletInvoker.java:106 ) at jrun.servlet.JRunInvokerChain.invokeNext(JRunInvokerChain.java:42 ) at jrun.servlet.JRunRequestDispatcher.invoke(JRunRequestDispatcher.java:286 ) at jrun.servlet.ServletEngineService.dispatch ( ServletEngineService.java:543 ) at jrun.servlet.jrpp.JRunProxyService.invokeRunnable(JRunProxyService.java:203 ) at jrunx.scheduler .ThreadPool$ThreadThrottle.invokeRunnable( ThreadPool.java:428 ) at jrunx.scheduler.WorkerThread.run( WorkerThread.java:66 )
Suppressed array [ empty ] TagContext array 1 struct COLUMN 0 ID CF_NEOPAGECONTEXT LINE 127 RAW_TRACE at cfPortcullis2ecfc2088727880$funcSCAN.runFunction(D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\requirements\mura\Portcullis.cfc:127)
TEMPLATE D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\requirements\mura\Portcullis.cfc
TYPE CFML 2 struct COLUMN 0 ID CF_TEMPLATEPROXY LINE 5 RAW_TRACE at cfscriptProtect_include2ecfm1326099910.runPage(D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\config\appcfc\scriptProtect_include.cfm:5 ) TEMPLATE D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\config\appcfc\scriptProtect_include.cfm
TYPE CFML 3 struct COLUMN 0 ID CFINCLUDE LINE 50 RAW_TRACE at cfonRequestStart_scriptProtect_method2ecfm773177258$funcONREQUESTSTART.runFunction(D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\config\appcfc\onRequestStart_scriptProtect_method.cfm:50 )
TEMPLATE D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\config\appcfc\onRequestStart_scriptProtect_method.cfm
TYPE CFML 4 struct COLUMN 0 ID CF_UDFMETHOD LINE 64 RAW_TRACE at cfonMissingTemplate_include2ecfm368542900.runPage(D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\config\appcfc\onMissingTemplate_include.cfm:64 ) TEMPLATE D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\config\appcfc\onMissingTemplate_include.cfm
TYPE CFML 5 struct COLUMN 0 ID CFINCLUDE LINE 50 RAW_TRACE at cfonMissingTemplate_method2ecfm386368301$funcONMISSINGTEMPLATE.runFunction(D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\config\appcfc\onMissingTemplate_method.cfm:50 )
TEMPLATE D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\config\appcfc\onMissingTemplate_method.cfm
TYPE CFML Type Expression VarName url.1
Detail
An exception occurred while invoking an event handler method from Application.cfc .
The method name is : onMissingTemplate .
Message Event handler exception .
RootCause struct Detail Valid variable names must start with a letter and can only contain letter , numbers , and underscores .
ErrNumber 0 Message
The string url.1 is not a valid ColdFusion variable name .
StackTrace coldfusion.runtime.NeoPageContext$InvalidVariableNameException :
The string url .1 is not a valid ColdFusion variable name .
at coldfusion.runtime.NeoPageContext.SymTab_validateName(NeoPageContext.java:1515 ) at coldfusion.runtime.NeoPageContext.setAttribute(NeoPageContext.java:433 ) at coldfusion.runtime.NeoPageContext.setAttribute(NeoPageContext.java:427 ) at coldfusion.runtime.CfJspPage._set(CfJspPage.java:421 ) at cfPortcullis2ecfc2088727880$funcSCAN.runFunction(D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\requirements\mura\Portcullis.cfc:127 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod.invoke(UDFMethod.java:472 ) at coldfusion.filter.SilentFilter.invoke(SilentFilter.java:47 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod$ReturnTypeFilter.invoke(UDFMethod.java:405 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod$ArgumentCollectionFilter.invoke(UDFMethod.java:368 ) at coldfusion.filter.FunctionAccessFilter.invoke(FunctionAccessFilter.java:55 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod.runFilterChain(UDFMethod.java:321 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod.invoke(UDFMethod.java:220 ) at coldfusion.runtime.TemplateProxy.invoke( TemplateProxy.java:491 ) at coldfusion .
runtime .TemplateProxy.invoke( TemplateProxy.java:337 ) at coldfusion.runtime.CfJspPage._invoke(CfJspPage.java:2360 ) at cfscriptProtect_include2ecfm1326099910.runPage(D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\config\appcfc\scriptProtect_include.cfm:5 ) at coldfusion.runtime.CfJspPage.invoke(CfJspPage.java:231 ) at coldfusion.tagext.lang.IncludeTag.doStartTag(IncludeTag.java:416 ) at coldfusion.runtime.CfJspPage._emptyTcfTag(CfJspPage.java:2722 ) at cfonRequestStart_scriptProtect_method2ecfm773177258$funcONREQUESTSTART.runFunction(D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\config\appcfc\onRequestStart_scriptProtect_method.cfm:50 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod.invoke(UDFMethod.java:472 ) at coldfusion.filter.SilentFilter.invoke(SilentFilter.java:47 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod$ReturnTypeFilter.invoke(UDFMethod.java:405 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod$ArgumentCollectionFilter.invoke(UDFMethod.java:368 ) at coldfusion.filter.FunctionAccessFilter.invoke(FunctionAccessFilter.java:55 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod.runFilterChain(UDFMethod.java:321 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod.invoke(UDFMethod.java:220 ) at coldfusion.runtime.CfJspPage._invokeUDF(CfJspPage.java:2582 ) at cfonMissingTemplate_include2ecfm368542900.runPage( D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\config\appcfc\onMissingTemplate_include.cfm:64 ) at coldfusion.runtime.CfJspPage.invoke(CfJspPage.java:231 ) at coldfusion.tagext.lang.IncludeTag.doStartTag(IncludeTag.java:416 ) at coldfusion.runtime.CfJspPage._emptyTcfTag(CfJspPage.java:2722 ) at cfonMissingTemplate_method2ecfm386368301$funcONMISSINGTEMPLATE.runFunction(D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\config\appcfc\onMissingTemplate_method.cfm:50 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod.invoke(UDFMethod.java:472 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod$ReturnTypeFilter.invoke(UDFMethod.java:405 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod$ArgumentCollectionFilter.invoke(UDFMethod.java:368 ) at coldfusion.filter.FunctionAccessFilter.invoke(FunctionAccessFilter.java:55 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod.runFilterChain(UDFMethod.java:321 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod.invoke(UDFMethod.java:220 ) at coldfusion.runtime.TemplateProxy.invoke( TemplateProxy.java:491 ) at coldfusion.runtime.TemplateProxy.invoke( TemplateProxy.java:337 ) at coldfusion.runtime.AppEventInvoker.invokeMissingTemplate(AppEventInvoker.java:162 ) at coldfusion.runtime.AppEventInvoker.onMissingTemplate(AppEventInvoker.java:348 ) at coldfusion.filter.ApplicationFilter.invoke(ApplicationFilter.java:317 ) at coldfusion.filter.RequestMonitorFilter.invoke(RequestMonitorFilter.java:48 ) at coldfusion.filter.MonitoringFilter.invoke(MonitoringFilter.java:40 ) at coldfusion.filter.PathFilter.invoke(PathFilter.java:94 ) at coldfusion.filter.ExceptionFilter.invoke(ExceptionFilter.java:70 ) at coldfusion.filter.BrowserDebugFilter.invoke(BrowserDebugFilter.java:79 ) at coldfusion.filter.ClientScopePersistenceFilter.invoke(ClientScopePersistenceFilter.java:28 ) at coldfusion.filter.BrowserFilter.invoke( BrowserFilter.java:38 ) at coldfusion.filter.NoCacheFilter.invoke(NoCacheFilter.java:46 ) at coldfusion.filter.GlobalsFilter.invoke(GlobalsFilter.java:38 ) at coldfusion.filter.DatasourceFilter.invoke(DatasourceFilter.java:22 ) at coldfusion.filter.CachingFilter.invoke(CachingFilter.java:62 ) at coldfusion .CfmServlet.service(CfmServlet.java:201 ) at coldfusion.bootstrap.BootstrapServlet.service(BootstrapServlet.java:89 ) at jrun.servlet.FilterChain.doFilter(FilterChain.java:86 ) at coldfusion.monitor.event.MonitoringServletFilter.doFilter(MonitoringServletFilter.java:42 ) at coldfusion.bootstrap.BootstrapFilter.doFilter(BootstrapFilter.java:46 ) at jrun.servlet.FilterChain.doFilter(FilterChain.java:94 ) at jrun.servlet.FilterChain.service(FilterChain.java:101 ) at jrun.servlet.ServletInvoker.invoke(ServletInvoker.java:106 ) at jrun.servlet.JRunInvokerChain.invokeNext(JRunInvokerChain.java:42 ) at jrun.servlet.JRunRequestDispatcher.invoke(JRunRequestDispatcher.java:286 ) at jrun.servlet.ServletEngineService.dispatch ( ServletEngineService.java:543 ) at jrun.servlet.jrpp.JRunProxyService.invokeRunnable(JRunProxyService.java:203 ) at jrunx.scheduler .ThreadPool$ThreadThrottle.invokeRunnable( ThreadPool.java:428 ) at jrunx.scheduler.WorkerThread.run( WorkerThread.java:66 )
Suppressed array [ empty ] TagContext array 1 struct COLUMN 0 ID CF_NEOPAGECONTEXT LINE 127 RAW_TRACE at cfPortcullis2ecfc2088727880$funcSCAN.runFunction(D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\requirements\mura\Portcullis.cfc:127)
TEMPLATE D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\requirements\mura\Portcullis.cfc
TYPE CFML 2 struct COLUMN 0 ID CF_TEMPLATEPROXY LINE 5 RAW_TRACE at cfscriptProtect_include2ecfm1326099910.runPage(D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\config\appcfc\scriptProtect_include.cfm:5 ) TEMPLATE D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\config\appcfc\scriptProtect_include.cfm
TYPE CFML 3 struct COLUMN 0 ID CFINCLUDE LINE 50 RAW_TRACE at cfonRequestStart_scriptProtect_method2ecfm773177258$funcONREQUESTSTART.runFunction(D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\config\appcfc\onRequestStart_scriptProtect_method.cfm:50 )
TEMPLATE D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\config\appcfc\onRequestStart_scriptProtect_method.cfm
TYPE CFML 4 struct COLUMN 0 ID CF_UDFMETHOD LINE 64 RAW_TRACE at cfonMissingTemplate_include2ecfm368542900.runPage(D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\config\appcfc\onMissingTemplate_include.cfm:64 ) TEMPLATE D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\config\appcfc\onMissingTemplate_include.cfm
TYPE CFML 5 struct COLUMN 0 ID CFINCLUDE LINE 50 RAW_TRACE at cfonMissingTemplate_method2ecfm386368301$funcONMISSINGTEMPLATE.runFunction(D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\config\appcfc\onMissingTemplate_method.cfm:50 )
TEMPLATE D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\config\appcfc\onMissingTemplate_method.cfm
TYPE CFML Type Expression VarName url.1
StackTrace coldfusion.runtime.EventHandlerException : Event handler exception .
at coldfusion.runtime.AppEventInvoker.onMissingTemplate( AppEventInvoker.java:356 ) at coldfusion.filter.ApplicationFilter.invoke(ApplicationFilter.java:317 ) at coldfusion.filter.RequestMonitorFilter.invoke(RequestMonitorFilter.java:48 ) at coldfusion.filter.MonitoringFilter.invoke(MonitoringFilter.java:40 ) at coldfusion.filter.PathFilter.invoke(PathFilter.java:94 ) at coldfusion.filter.ExceptionFilter.invoke(ExceptionFilter.java:70 ) at coldfusion.filter.BrowserDebugFilter.invoke(BrowserDebugFilter.java:79 ) at coldfusion.filter.ClientScopePersistenceFilter.invoke(ClientScopePersistenceFilter.java:28 ) at coldfusion.filter.BrowserFilter.invoke(BrowserFilter.java:38 ) at coldfusion.filter.NoCacheFilter.invoke(NoCacheFilter.java:46 ) at coldfusion.filter.GlobalsFilter.invoke(GlobalsFilter.java:38 ) at coldfusion.filter.DatasourceFilter.invoke(DatasourceFilter.java:22 ) at coldfusion.filter.CachingFilter.invoke(CachingFilter.java:62 ) at coldfusion .CfmServlet.service(CfmServlet.java:201 ) at coldfusion.bootstrap.BootstrapServlet.service(BootstrapServlet.java:89 ) at jrun.servlet.FilterChain.doFilter(FilterChain.java:86 ) at coldfusion.monitor.event.MonitoringServletFilter.doFilter(MonitoringServletFilter.java:42 ) at coldfusion.bootstrap.BootstrapFilter.doFilter(BootstrapFilter.java:46 ) at jrun.servlet.FilterChain.doFilter(FilterChain.java:94 ) at jrun.servlet.FilterChain.service(FilterChain.java:101 ) at jrun.servlet.ServletInvoker.invoke(ServletInvoker.java:106 ) at jrun.servlet.JRunInvokerChain.invokeNext(JRunInvokerChain.java:42 ) at jrun.servlet.JRunRequestDispatcher.invoke(JRunRequestDispatcher.java:286 ) at jrun.servlet.ServletEngineService.dispatch(ServletEngineService.java:543 ) at jrun.servlet.jrpp.JRunProxyService.invokeRunnable(JRunProxyService.java:203 ) at jrunx.scheduler .ThreadPool$ThreadThrottle.invokeRunnable( ThreadPool.java:428 ) at jrunx.scheduler.WorkerThread.run( WorkerThread.java:66 )
Caused by : coldfusion.runtime.NeoPageContext$InvalidVariableNameException :
The string url .1 is not a valid ColdFusion variable name .
at coldfusion.runtime.NeoPageContext.SymTab_validateName(NeoPageContext.java:1515 ) at coldfusion.runtime.NeoPageContext.setAttribute(NeoPageContext.java:433 ) at coldfusion.runtime.NeoPageContext.setAttribute(NeoPageContext.java:427 ) at coldfusion.runtime.CfJspPage._set(CfJspPage.java:421 ) at cfPortcullis2ecfc2088727880$funcSCAN.runFunction(D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\requirements\mura\Portcullis.cfc:127 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod.invoke(UDFMethod.java:472 ) at coldfusion.filter.SilentFilter.invoke(SilentFilter.java:47 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod$ReturnTypeFilter.invoke(UDFMethod.java:405 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod$ArgumentCollectionFilter.invoke(UDFMethod.java:368 ) at coldfusion.filter.FunctionAccessFilter.invoke(FunctionAccessFilter.java:55 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod.runFilterChain(UDFMethod.java:321 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod.invoke(UDFMethod.java:220 ) at coldfusion .runtime .
TemplateProxy.invoke( TemplateProxy.java:491 ) at coldfusion.runtime.TemplateProxy.invoke( TemplateProxy.java:337 ) at coldfusion.runtime.CfJspPage._invoke(CfJspPage.java:2360 ) at cfscriptProtect_include2ecfm1326099910.runPage(D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\config\appcfc\scriptProtect_include.cfm:5 ) at coldfusion.runtime.CfJspPage.invoke(CfJspPage.java:231 ) at coldfusion.tagext.lang.IncludeTag.doStartTag(IncludeTag.java:416 ) at coldfusion.runtime.CfJspPage._emptyTcfTag(CfJspPage.java:2722 ) at cfonRequestStart_scriptProtect_method2ecfm773177258$funcONREQUESTSTART.runFunction(D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\config\appcfc\onRequestStart_scriptProtect_method.cfm:50 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod.invoke(UDFMethod.java:472 ) at coldfusion.filter.SilentFilter.invoke(SilentFilter.java:47 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod$ReturnTypeFilter.invoke(UDFMethod.java:405 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod$ArgumentCollectionFilter.invoke(UDFMethod.java:368 ) at coldfusion .
filter .
FunctionAccessFilter.invoke(FunctionAccessFilter.java:55 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod.runFilterChain(UDFMethod.java:321 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod.invoke(UDFMethod.java:220 ) at coldfusion.runtime.CfJspPage._invokeUDF(CfJspPage.java:2582 ) at cfonMissingTemplate_include2ecfm368542900.runPage( D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\config\appcfc\onMissingTemplate_include.cfm:64 ) at coldfusion.runtime.CfJspPage.invoke(CfJspPage.java:231 ) at coldfusion.tagext.lang.IncludeTag.doStartTag(IncludeTag.java:416 ) at coldfusion.runtime.CfJspPage._emptyTcfTag(CfJspPage.java:2722 ) at cfonMissingTemplate_method2ecfm386368301$funcONMISSINGTEMPLATE.runFunction(D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\config\appcfc\onMissingTemplate_method.cfm:50 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod.invoke(UDFMethod.java:472 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod$ReturnTypeFilter.invoke(UDFMethod.java:405 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod$ArgumentCollectionFilter.invoke(UDFMethod.java:368 ) at coldfusion .
filter .
FunctionAccessFilter.invoke(FunctionAccessFilter.java:55 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod.runFilterChain(UDFMethod.java:321 ) at coldfusion.runtime.UDFMethod.invoke(UDFMethod.java:220 ) at coldfusion.runtime.TemplateProxy.invoke( TemplateProxy.java:491 ) at coldfusion.runtime.TemplateProxy.invoke( TemplateProxy.java:337 ) at coldfusion.runtime.AppEventInvoker.invokeMissingTemplate(AppEventInvoker.java:162 ) at coldfusion.runtime.AppEventInvoker.onMissingTemplate(AppEventInvoker.java:348 ) ... 26 more
Suppressed array [ empty ]
TagContext array 1 struct COLUMN 0 ID CF_NEOPAGECONTEXT LINE 127 RAW_TRACE at cfPortcullis2ecfc2088727880$funcSCAN.runFunction(D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\requirements\mura\Portcullis.cfc:127)
TEMPLATE D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\requirements\mura\Portcullis.cfc
TYPE CFML 2 struct COLUMN 0 ID CF_TEMPLATEPROXY LINE 5 RAW_TRACE at cfscriptProtect_include2ecfm1326099910.runPage(D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\config\appcfc\scriptProtect_include.cfm:5 ) TEMPLATE D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\config\appcfc\scriptProtect_include.cfm
TYPE CFML 3 struct COLUMN 0 ID CFINCLUDE LINE 50 RAW_TRACE at cfonRequestStart_scriptProtect_method2ecfm773177258$funcONREQUESTSTART.runFunction(D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\config\appcfc\onRequestStart_scriptProtect_method.cfm:50 )
TEMPLATE D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\config\appcfc\onRequestStart_scriptProtect_method.cfm
TYPE CFML 4 struct COLUMN 0 ID CF_UDFMETHOD LINE 64 RAW_TRACE at cfonMissingTemplate_include2ecfm368542900.runPage(D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\config\appcfc\onMissingTemplate_include.cfm:64 ) TEMPLATE D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\config\appcfc\onMissingTemplate_include.cfm
TYPE CFML 5 struct COLUMN 0 ID CFINCLUDE LINE 50 RAW_TRACE at cfonMissingTemplate_method2ecfm386368301$funcONMISSINGTEMPLATE.runFunction(D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\config\appcfc\onMissingTemplate_method.cfm:50 )
TEMPLATE D:\WebContent\BioedOnlineRedesign_Production\config\appcfc\onMissingTemplate_method.cfm
TYPE CFML
Type Expression
These blue dog democrats touting from various states and districts are finding out , THE HARD WAY , that their constituents do want a public option as part of the health care reform bill .
Senator Max Baucus ( D - MT ) , Chairman of the Senate Finance Committee is the most compromised senator that is currently in the hot seat .
Mr. Baucus has taken MILLIONS of insurance , health care lobbyist money and his slow walk and lack of commitment to the public option has enraged folks .
Thus the pressure and heat is on Baucus to back a public option .
His poll numbers have slipped in Montana , thus making him actually STATE that he is for a public option .
But seeing is believing from Mr. Baucus , at this point .
U.S. Senator Max Baucus has finally broken his silence regarding his personal position on including a public option in health care reform legislation .
Last Monday night ( 8/17 ) , in an unprecedented conference call to Montana Democratic central committee chairs , the powerful leader of the Senate Finance Committee told his strongest supporters that he supported a public option .
While discussing the obstacles to getting a public option through the Senate , he assured his forty listeners , " I want a public option too ! "
The conference call was groundbreaking in that none of the recipients could ever remember this kind of call ever happening before .
The teleconference was set up seemingly in reaction to rising discontent among the local Democratic leaders with the Senator 's failure to take a clear position on the issue .
The discussion , which became contentious and rancorous at times , also touched upon
The wisdom of creating insurance cooperatives as an alternative to a public option .
When several of the county chairs objected , commenting that they did not trust the health insurance companies to police themselves and limit their outrageous corporate
profits , Baucus commented , " Neither do I . "
This is the sticking point .
Why should we trust the insurance companies to do the right thing for the consumer ?
They have not for years and have benefitted in record profit .
The insurance companies are mounting the largest MISINFORMATION campaign in record history against any health care reform .
If one industry is doing all this to keep things the SAME , you know that the system is not working to benefit us , the consumer .
Then Blue Dog , Jim Cooper out of Tennessee .
This man was instrumental in destroying the Clinton Health Care Reform in the 90s .
He is another one who has been slow walking things in the House of Representatives and now a new poll shows that his constituents do n't like how he is handling the health care reform bill and they too , want a public option .
Let 's be frank here , many of these Blue Dog Democrats are from districts with working class and below poverty folks , these people want a public option in this health care bill .
The one thing that Barack Obama did right during his campaign was the continuous pounding of health care reform , the continuous talking of the American public having " health care like congress " .
That resonated with the public and the public wants it .
What is happening now is all about the money , the lobbyist money .
It is up to these politicians to either vote their district , state or deal with defeat at the polls .
It is that simple .
It did not take long for Cooper to respond to the poll on his district , read it here .
Drill if you dare ( Image : R.W.W./ Ambra Galassi / Flickr )
TO ANCIENT Romans the Phlegraean Fields hosted the entrance to Hades .
In modern times it is better known as the site of a “ supercolossal ” volcanic eruption 39,000 years ago .
Will we see the next disaster coming ?
That ’s one of the questions an ambitious drilling project hopes to answer by sinking boreholes into Campi Flegrei , as the giant collapsed volcanic crater is now called .
Starting as early as next month , the Campi Flegrei Deep Drilling Project is planning to drill seven holes in the region ( see map ) .
Though the researchers on this …
Parents pose as their 11 - year - old daughter to snare Facebook paedophile grooming her for sex
An 11 - year - old girl 's parents posed as their child on the internet to snare Thomas Gibbs
A couple posed as their 11 - year - old daughter on Facebook to trap a paedophile who was grooming her for sex .
The parents took over the girl 's online profile and , after arranging to meet Thomas Gibbs twice , handed the evidence to police .
Yesterday , 52 - year - old Gibbs was jailed for 16 months after admitting two counts of meeting a child following sexual grooming .
Oxford Crown
Court heard how the couple , who can not be named for legal reasons , first became concerned after noticing their daughter was spending a lot of time on the internet .
Prosecutor Jennifer Edwards said the mother 's suspicions were further aroused when she noticed her daughter chatting with another Facebook user on a laptop in the family 's living room .
The mother took over the conversation and saw Gibbs had commented on the girl 's profile picture , saying he wanted to kiss her .
He had also written on her profile page ' I really like you ' and ' I want to meet you .'.
' She saw over the little girl 's shoulder and immediately appreciated she was communicating with Gibbs , ' Mrs Edwards said .
The woman alerted her husband and the police , and the couple continued to chat with Gibbs , posing as their daughter .
' The contact continued for the following week , ' Mrs Edwards said .
' Each time her daughter went on to the computer Gibbs was there ready , willing to respond . '
When Gibbs asked to see the girl for the first time , her mother suggested meeting in Witney , Oxfordshire , at noon on April 18 .
The couple watched Gibbs from a distance , collecting evidence , but did not confront him .
The family then agreed to another meeting in Carterton , Oxfordshire , on April 30 , and Gibbs was arrested .
Mark Dixon , defending , said Gibbs had never mentioned sex or made any sexual references during the online conversations .
However , he admitted : ' It has caused the family hell and he ( Gibbs ) accepts responsibility and guilt for that .'
Gibbs , from Witney , was also ordered to sign the sex offenders ' register for five years .
Outside court , the girl 's mother said : ' She 's a very bright girl but you think about all the others that could have been targeted .
' When it first happened she did n't want to go out but she knows it 's all over and he wo n't be able to do this to any other families .
' It does make me more wary of Facebook and parents should be aware of what their children are doing on the internet . '
Detective Constable Jon Capps said : ' I would like to pay tribute to the family who have prevented any further offences being committed , as well as the young girl who was brave enough to tell her parents . '
PREGNANT women who work in occupations that may bring them into contact with heavy metals are at more than double the usual risk of having a baby boy with hypospadias - a birth defect linked to hormone changes in which the opening of the penis is on the shaft instead of the tip .
The finding , by scientists from the Telethon Institute of Child Health Research in Perth , could shed light on the rise in the condition , which separate research has shown has increased by 50 per cent over the last two decades and now affects at least one in 118 boys in Western Australia .
Women who worked in dentistry , defence , laboratories and petrol stations were identified as possibly at risk .
Hairdressers , beauticians and cleaners , who were exposed to a range of different chemicals , were also at a smaller increased risk - about 30 per cent higher than other mothers - of having a baby with the condition .
About 9 per cent of mothers of affected children had been in contact with potentially damaging chemicals through their work , versus 7 per cent of mothers of unaffected babies , according to the analysis based on state birth records , which was led by Natasha Nassar , a research fellow at the institute .
She cautioned that the numbers were small , but noted that more severe hypospadias appeared to be linked to chemical exposure - especially pesticides , which doubled the chance of a severe case .
Pesticide and heavy metal exposure also increased the chance that hypospadias would be diagnosed together with other birth defects rather than in isolation , Dr Nassar wrote in her study , published in the journal Occupational and Environmental Medicine .
The chemical exposure of fathers made no difference to the chances their sons would be born with the defect , though electricians and men who worked with plastics or in factories were at elevated risk of having a son with the condition , which may result from excessive exposure to oestrogen in the uterus , or to the suppression of testosterone .
'' This is the first study to show maternal exposure to heavy metals such as mercury , lead and cadmium were significant risk factors for hypospadias , '' Dr Nassar wrote .
Show Embed Code
We are living in a pivotal moment : pivotal for the earth ’s climate , for other natural systems , and for world population .
The decisions made today , especially by policymakers and by the world ’s estimated 3 billion people under the age of 25 , will determine whether human numbers grow from 6.8 billion to 8 billion , or even 11 billion , by 2050 .
As the world struggles to respond to climate change , concern about population growth is making a comeback — and raising critical questions :
To what extent are demographic changes a factor in today ’s environmental problems ?
Are these issues a subject for debate in Copenhagen ?
Could renewed interest in population growth present an opportunity to mobilize resources for reproductive health , women ’s rights and other vitally important programs ?
Is there a risk that fears of exponential growth will revive population policies that trample , rather than advance , women ’s health and human rights ?
Join Laurie Mazur , editor of A Pivotal Moment : Population , Justice and the Environmental Challenge ( Island Press , 2009 ) , and a panel of experts to discuss the complex connections among population growth , climate change and other environmental issues , and explore the policies necessary to advance environmental sustainability and reproductive rights , equity and justice .
Copies of A Pivotal Moment : Population , Justice and the Environmental Challenge will be available for purchase at the event .
Featured Speakers :
Laurie Mazur , editor , A Pivotal Moment : Population , Justice and the Environmental Challenge
Andrew Light , Senior Fellow , Center for American Progress ; Director , Center for Global Ethics at George Mason University
Rachel Harris , U.S. Climate Change Campaign Coordinator , Women ’s Environment and Development Organization
Moderated by :
Shira Saperstein , Senior Fellow , Center for American Progress
The public currently sees bankers and their bonuses through a red mist .
Punches are being thrown , like one - off windfall taxes on profits or bonuses , which may feel satisfying but do n't connect with the underlying problems .
These relate to having a banking system where profit – and bonus – maximisation occurs on the back of state guarantees , for institutions that are deemed too big or important to fail .
As long as the guarantees exist , the key issue becomes one of how best to make banks pay a fair fee for the privileges they enjoy .
The anger has had several causes .
Even before the crisis , customers resented the capricious and unreasonable charges , the incompetence and the impersonal nature of modern retail banking .
Then , highly paid whizz kids managed to destroy their industry through recklessness – the taxpayer then being called upon to rescue them .
Then we had rewards for failure ( Sir Fred ) .
And latterly there have been bonuses in institutions on state life support .
It is like a building contractor who made a fortune putting up unsafe dwellings and , when they collapsed , made another fortune clearing up the debris .
Of course people are angry , and they have every right to be , especially when so many are losing their jobs in a recession triggered by a banking collapse .
There are , however , different types of banks .
Bonuses are a big issue in investment banks from proprietary trading , but are rare in retail banks .
Some banks over - reached themselves and have been nationalised or semi-nationalised , but others have continued to operate successfully and sensibly – like HSBC , Clydesdale , Nationwide , and the Co-op .
The immediate political question is what to do about bonuses .
There will be a crescendo of indignation as bank profits and bonuses are announced in coming months .
There is some force in the argument that governments should act collectively through the G20 or the EU , since the bits of banking that generate the biggest bonuses are global .
But this can be a cop-out , like those pious calls for " general and complete disarmament " which signal an unwillingness to do anything much about reduction .
A policy of unilateral bonus disarmament is less risky , not least because other governments are already decommissioning .
One option is to use nationalised and semi-nationalised banks to set a standard of behaviour , stopping or restricting bonuses .
Some of us thought such an agreement was reached a year ago by the government for RBS and Lloyds , but it does not appear to have been implemented .
One obstacle is that bonuses will simply be consolidated into basic pay ; another that it puts nationalised banks at a competitive disadvantage .
The latter could be minimised if government procurement from the banking sector were conditional on a code of conduct neutralising the bonus culture .
Transparency is a good principle , shining a light into dark corners .
One investment bank is said to have included cleaners in its bonus head count ( without having paid any a bonus ) to make payments appear less greedy .
Transparency demands that all highly paid staff – earning , say , more than the PM – should declare all salary and entitlements as board directors currently do .
Personal taxation is the obvious way of ensuring bonuses are shared with the public .
The top rate of 40 % will become 50 % next year .
But bankers are scarcely trembling in their boots , since the government has left them easy tax - avoidance opportunities .
The most glaring is capital gains at 18 % – so any bonus paid in shares will attract much lower tax rates on any rise in share price ( given current depressed prices , it 's a one - way bet ) .
I am also sceptical about the value of paying bonuses in shares redeemable after several years , an idea adopted by the G20 and now being represented as an original thought by George Osborne .
It is a sensible way to discourage excessive risk - taking , and should be pursued for that reason .
But free shares in RBS and Lloyds come at taxpayers ' expense , and it does nothing to deal with the inequity of excessive rewards on the back of state guarantees .
It merely means the next Ferrari is bought on account , rather than with a case of cash .
Greed deferred , rather than cancelled .
Another approach is indirect : taxing the profits of banks , rather than the bankers .
The demand for a windfall tax reflects the belief that banks should repay some of the money they are earning thanks to the taxpayers ' rescue .
The rough justice has undoubted appeal .
But it risks unintended consequences .
Banks are being encouraged by the government to increase profits to strengthen their capital base against future bad loans , and to put the nationalised banks in a better position to repay the taxpayer .
A one - off tax will merely postpone this process .
It will also encourage the banks to widen their spreads further , hitting job - creating smaller businesses being throttled by extortionate fees and hitting pensioners getting a poor return on their deposits .
Moreover , the underlying problem of state guarantees is not dealt with by a one - off tax .
It will continue until the structure of banking is reformed .
A central element in that reform is resolving the " too big to fail " problem highlighted recently by the governor of the Bank of England : UK - based global banks that pile up massive commitments , as well as profits and bonuses , from speculative proprietary trading , all on the back of a taxpayer guarantee .
Various ideas are being tossed around to deal with this , but nothing is happening .
Meanwhile banks that benefit from a state guarantee should pay for it through a government guarantee fee .
Banks are already required to pay to guarantee their depositors , but they are being given free guarantees on the counterparty risk in their " casino activities " .
The guarantee fee could be paid for through a supplementary rate of corporation tax , or be based on the turnover .
It is n't sensible to be dogmatic about means ; the key is to have the principle accepted .
Such a considered approach is perhaps less emotionally satisfying than a high - profile penalty on banks or bonuses .
I suspect anything short of hanging will not meet public expectations .
But bashing bankers detracts from the issue at the heart of the banking crisis : the continuing , dangerous but – usually – profitable behaviour that enjoys implicit protection from the taxpayer .
That protection is free for the banks and potentially ruinous for the rest of us .
They should pay a proper price for it .
DON’T FEED THE CRAZIES ….
It ’d be great if congressional Republicans would show a little more courage when confronted with violence - related rhetoric .
Hey tea partiers , you say you want a revolution ?
Well , you know Rep. Rob Wittman ( R - VA ) understands .
At a recent town hall meeting in his Montross , VA - area district , Wittman told an angry constituent he sees where conservatives looking for an actual fight with their government are coming from .
Told by a tea partier that the government is “ gang - raping ” the people and that it ’s getting close to time when “ people will have no recourse but to take things into their own hands , ” Wittman was n’t fazed .
His response to the tea partier ’s call for revolt ?
“ Good point . ”
This is n’t especially rare .
Over the summer , Rep. Wally Herger ( R ) of California held a town - hall event , and heard from a constituent who described himself as “ a proud right - wing terrorist . ”
The Republican congressman replied with a broad smile , “ Amen , God bless you .
There is a great American . ”
Around the same time , Sen. Chuck Grassley ( R ) heard from one town - hall attendee , “ The president of the United States , that ’s who you should be concerned about .
Because he ’s acting like a little Hitler .
I ’d take a gun to Washington if enough of you would go with me . ”
Grassley did not distance himself from the remarks .
It ’s likely that most of the far - right voices who pop off at public events are just loudmouths , blowing off steam .
They ’re probably not literally prepared to take up arms against the United States .
But let ’s not forget that the threat of political violence has been real this year .
Right - wing activists have shown up at presidential events with assault rifles ; they ’ve made death threats against members of Congress ; and they ’ve painted swastikas on lawmakers ’ signs .
Not too long ago , conservative David Frum went so far as to accuse the “ reckless right ” of courting violence , imploring the right to “ tone down the militant and accusatory rhetoric . ”
With this in mind , when a member of Congress hosts an event , and some crank argues that Americans are being “ gang raped ” by U.S. officials , and that conservatives may have to “ take things into their own hands , ” the proper response is not for the lawmaker to say , “ Good point . ”
Ella Wheeler Wilcox once said , “ To sit in silence when we should protest makes cowards out of men . ”
Something for Rep. Rob Wittman ( R - Va. ) to consider .
The message on Rodney Bradford ’s Facebook page , posted at 11:49 a.m. on Oct. 17 , asked where his pancakes were .
The words were typed from a computer in his father ’s apartment in Harlem .
At the time , the sentence , written in street slang , was just another navel - gazing , cryptic Facebook status update  meaningless to anyone besides Mr. Bradford .
But when Mr. Bradford , 19 , was arrested the next day as a suspect in a robbery at the Farragut Houses in Brooklyn , where he lives , the words took on greater importance .
They became his alibi .
His defense lawyer , Robert Reuland , told a Brooklyn assistant district attorney , Lindsay Gerdes , about the Facebook entry , which was made at the time of the robbery .
The district attorney subpoenaed Facebook to verify that the words had been typed from a computer at an apartment at 71 West 118th Street in Manhattan , the home of Mr. Bradford ’s father .
When that was confirmed , the charges were dropped .
“ This is the first case that I ’m aware of in which a Facebook update has been used as alibi evidence , ” said John G. Browning , a lawyer in Dallas who studies social networking and the law .
“ We are going to see more of that because of how prevalent social networking has become . ”
Here it comes , more artificial support for the housing market .
You can't blame people for speculating on houses when they know the government will come in and try to save them .
So here we are again , warping market expectations and sowing the seeds for the next housing bubble with an extension and expansion of the homebuyer tax credits .
NYT : The Senate might pass its version as early as Wednesday , and aides to Congressional leaders say the House could accept it this week , sending the bill to President Obama to sign into law .
After weeks of partisan delay in the Senate , Democrats are eager to show progress before Friday , when the October jobless report is again expected to show high unemployment .
The homebuyers ’ credit — enacted last year , expanded this year and scheduled to expire Nov. 30 — would be extended to cover homes under contract by April 30 .
Also , it no longer would be limited to first - time buyers ; people who have owned a home for at least five years could get a $ 6,500 credit on a new residence .
Income limits for eligibility would be raised , making many more people qualify .
Read the entire article here .
Polish con themselves with cheat sheets
By Edward Lucas
It 's as hard to translate as it is to pronounce .
Sciagawki ( sh - chong - aahf - ki ) are literally " the little things you pull out " .
The English word " cheat sheet " does n't do justice to what is a thriving industry in the world of Polish education .
Sciagawki are usually just scraps of paper , tightly folded , with teeny - weeny writing .
That 's fine , but they are not very durable .
More diligent students laminate their bits of paper ( the truly skilled producers make them both laminated and foldable ) .
But there are commercial ones too .
A Cracow - based publishing house , Greg , actually produces textbooks with readymade sciagawki : little pamphlets you can keep up your sleeve , with the contents of the main textbook printed in microscopic type .
Then there are ' cheating pens ' with spring - loaded rolls of paper inside .
And there are ' secret writers ' - pens with ultra-violet ink and a tiny bulb at the end to reveal the secrets of what seems to be a blank sheet of paper .
One reason why cheating is so endemic in Poland is that the exams are so strange .
The toughest exam at Oxford is for the prize fellowship at All Souls ' college .
It includes an essay paper where the biggest brains in the university are presented with a choice between intimidating subjects such as ' God ' and ' water ' .
Not much room for cheating there .
But Polish exams are largely a memory test .
I was visiting a school in Cieszyn , on the Polish - Czech border , and I asked a bunch of students to show me their « sci aþgawki .
They were heading for a geography test , so most of the scraps of paper bore painstakingly compiled features of physical geography ( the biggest lake in Africa in cubic metres , the population of Bogata and so on ) .
This seems to me to be pretty pointless .
If you want to teach people memorisation skills ( which is a good thing ) make them learn poetry , not statistics .
I wanted to highlight cheating in my survey of Poland , published in The Economist last week .
But sadly the space needed to explain the intricacies and idiocies of Polish politics over the past six months meant that there was little room for such colourful extras .
But I did mention it at the press conference which launched the survey .
Cheating in schools , I said , is far worse in Poland than in any other post - Communist country , and it affects competitiveness by devaluing the educational currency .
The participants ' reaction was a ripple of unselfconcious laughter .
That 's the oddest thing about cheating in Poland : nobody takes it seriously .
It 's seen as an amusing bit of rascaldom , no more serious than parking on the pavement or breaking a visa rule .
On several other occasions when I have raised this with Poles , the response was " Did n't you cheat when you were at school ? "
When I say that a ) I did n't ; b) I can't remember anyone else doing so and c ) it would n't have helped anyway , the reaction is offended disbelief .
Cheating reflects , I suspect , a deep - seated Polish scepticism towards authority , highlighted in the commonly used verb kombinowa«c .
This is also barely translatable , but means roughly " to get together against authority " .
The social pressure in Poland to help your pals against the bosses must come , I think , from the many decades when the bosses were foreign .
Like other post - Communist countries , Poland needs to change its education system to emphasise problem - solving and critical thinking , rather than raw memorisation .
That should make « sci aþgawki redundant .
But the morally soggy culture that tolerates cheating will take longer to change - and damages much more than just the education system .
Edward Lucas is central and eastern Europe correspondent for The Economist .
2010 Update : A while back I wrote this guide to help instruct and direct the avid eater on the best possible plan of attack on the ever so amazing wonder that is the All - You - Can -Eat - Buffet .
With the New Year upon us all your co-workers are trying to stick to their resolutions ( even though they ’ll slip within the week ) and your gyms are probably packed with all the Oprah watching , bandwagon jumping people who feel guilty about their “ Holiday weight . ”
Well I say we laugh in the face of convention .
Let us not celebrate the the New Year with self - abnegation … let us embrace overindulgence instead .
Let us celebrate what makes this nation great so great .
We are Americans and we must wear that title with pride !
Here I present to you an updated version of the most thorough , comprehensive guide on how to get the most for your money .
Eat on my friends .
Oh …and you can thank me later .
Head over to Top Cultured to read the new and improved 2010 All - Inclusive All - You - Can-Eat Buffet Guide .
Advertisements
On his Fox News program today , Glenn Beck was standing at his chalkboard trying spell California , when he said , “ Saturday Night Live makes me so paranoid . ”
Something tells me that SNL is n’t the only thing that makes Beck paranoid .
Here is the video courtesy of Media Matters :
Standing at his chalkboard , Beck said , “ This is a little place I like to call , Calif - ornia .
Saturday Night
Live makes me so paranoid now , I like Cali , I gotta write .
This is where it affects you . ”
Advertisements
This is n’t the first time that Beck has been a bit paranoid about SNL .
In October , Beck claimed that the program was out to Sarah Palin him .
</object
We can now add SNL to the list of things that make Glenn Beck paranoid .
This list already includes black presidents .
Although that one can probably be expanded to black people in general , labor unions , art , and movie theaters .
It would appear that there is little in this world that does n't make Beck paranoid .
I do n't know if it is such a good idea for Beck to announce , even in a joking way , that SNL makes him paranoid .
This just seems like it would be opening him up for even more ridicule on Saturday Night Live , which will in turn make Beck more paranoid , and result in more SNL comedy .
Was the moon landing a hoax ?
If not , why do n't we have photos of Apollo moon landings from space ?
In fact , we do !
Below are photos of all the Apollo spacecraft on the moon , plus astronaut footprints , instruments , lunar rovers , and flags at several different Apollo mission landing sites .
India 's space program photographed tracks of Apollo 15's astronauts in September '09 .
Japan 's Selene / Kaguya lunar probe imaged the Apollo 15 and 17 sites in 2008 with a stereoscopic 3D camera , including the " halo " of brighter material kicked up by Apollo 15 's exhaust plume .
China 's Chang'e 2 lunar orbiter has imaged Apollo equipment on the surface , according to chief scientist Yan Jun .
Also , it turns out that the Clementine spacecraft snapped a distant picture of the Apollo 15 landing site as far back as 1994 .
But those photos can't match the resolution of the new Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter 's camera !
This page includes detailed photos of the landing sites of Apollo 11 - 12 , Apollo 14 - 17 , and the crash site of Apollo 13's upper stage booster .
Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter images are from NASA / GSFC / Arizona State University .
Over the weekend , I participated in KinkForAll Washington DC , which was small but amazing .
Without a doubt , this was the most controversial KinkForAll unconference we ’ve held , because the original venue was going to be the Bethesda Chevy - Chase High School .
The idea that we ’d have an educational sexuality event at a high school instantly put many people on guard .
Quite a number of people who signed up to participate on the wiki page removed their names .
Some also unsubscribed from the KinkForAll mailing list .
A few even went so far as to accuse me , personally , of carelessly risking getting everyone involved registered as sex offenders .
The amount of backlash coming from the alternative sexuality communitiesâ€ ” groups of people who are supposedly sexually progressiveâ € ” to the idea of being available to minors totally blew me away .
I was so surprised , saddened , and disappointed by the vehemence of the opposition from otherwise freedom - loving people that I resolved to use my presentation slot at KFADC to share my thoughts about youth sexuality .
I video recorded the presentation I gave , which I titled , “ Sexual Adultism : The tragedy of youth sexual oppression . ”
A full transcript as well as a downloadable copy of the presentation is below .
Please help me spread awareness of this important issue by redistributing this presentation or sharing a link back to this page .
Sexual Adultism – KinkForAll Washington DC from maymay on Vimeo .
Download the presentation files here :
Anyway , for an event that was bad - mouthed , and suffered from incredible amounts of FUD , not to mention legal and political struggles , the unconference was surprisingly well - attended and extraordinarily vibrant .
I counted just over 30 people by lunch time , and more showed up after the lunch break .
I think I can safely say that about 50 people participated over the course of the day .
Even more heartwarming than the attendance numbers , numerous teenagers and some minors were present .
The president of a local high school Gay Straight Alliance not only showed up , but also lead a discussion !
One of the points she made was how vital the support of school administration is in running an effective GSA .
She told story after story of unhelpful and helpful school Principles , teachers , and other adults .
The overtones of adultism in the frustrating stories were unmistakeable .
My favorite part about KFADC was after the event itself , when a group of about 15 of us went for dinner at a nearby noodle restaurant .
One man came up to me privately and said , “ I just wanted to let you know that you changed my mind about the youth issue . ”
“ Really ? ” I asked , smiling .
“ Yeah , ” he explained .
“ I joined the KinkForAll mailing list and saw the arguments about minors and was just instantly put off .
I started think that maybe this was a bad idea .
But then , after listening to your presentation , I realized how stupid the fighting was . ”
The ensuing conversation was the highlight of my day .
Even if I only opened one person ’s eyes about how damaging sexual adultism really is , then I think all of my efforts over the past few months was well worth it , because we have to start somewhere .
Why not here ?
Since this post is getting linked a lot more than the transcript of my presentation is , I decided to put the transcript into the Post , so , below , you ’ll find an embedded version of the full transcript .
Additionally , you might also find the precursor to this post , On Youth , Sexuality , Education , and Your Fears , worth reading , as well .
Thank you all for coming to KinkForAll Washington DC .
As some of you may already be aware , the original venue of this event were classrooms at the Bethesda Chevy - Chase High School .
We ’ve changed venues , however , due to pressure from the Montgomery County School Board , who cited fears that this event would attract sex offenders to the school grounds and thus put schoolchildren at risk .
So , without some small effort , we moved .
If the fears of the school board were an isolated case , I probably would n’t be giving this talk .
But the school board ’s reactions to bar this unconference from happening in high school classrooms exemplify a nation - wide pandemic of a disease so insidious and so virulent that the numbers of people who are harmed or even killed by it is literally uncountable .
The root of this disease is called adultism .
For those who are unaware of this phenomenon , indulge me in a brief digression to define the concept .
Adam Fletcher , founder of The Freechild Project , defines adultism thusly :
Adultism is discrimination against young people .
It happens anytime children or youth are ignored , silenced , neglected or punished because they are not adults . [ … ] adultism is part of the structure of society and its institutions , including families , schools , churches and the government . [ … ] adultism is expressed by treating the young person as weak , helpless and less intelligent than adults .
John Bell says :
adultism refers to behaviors and attitudes based on the assumption that adults are better than young people , and entitled to act upon young people without their agreement . [ … ]
As children , most young people are told what to eat , what to wear , when to go to bed , when they can talk , that they will go to school , which friends are okay , and when they are to be in the house . [… ]
If this were a description of the way a group of adults was treated , we would all agree that their oppression was almost total .
However , for the most part , the adult world considers this treatment of young people as acceptable because we were treated in much the same way , and internalized the idea that ‘ that ’s the way you treat kids . ’
Bell ’s explanation continues ,
The essence of adultism is disrespect of the young .
Consider how the following comments are essentially disrespectful .
What are the assumptions behind each of them ?
Do you remember having heard any of these as a younger person ?
“ You ’re so smart for fifteen ! ”
“ You are too old for that ! ” or “ You ’re not old enough ! ”
“ What do you know ?
You have n’t experienced anything ! ”
“ It ’s just a stage .
You ’ll outgrow it . ”
I can think of no function of society unhindered by adultism .
In wishing to restrict high schoolers and other young people from participating in this event , where sexuality is discussed publicly and peer - to - peer education about sexuality is a driving goal , one is falling prey to adultism .
This wish also highlights a secondary deeply - ingrained problem : sexual paranoia .
No where are the symptoms of sexual paranoia more prevalent than when they intersect with the young .
The symptoms of sexual paranoia are unambiguous and unmistakable .
They include spreading sexual misinformation , internalizing shame about sexuality , feeling afraid of sex and sexual expression , and ultimately desiring to promote censorship of all things sexuality - related as a form of so - called “ protection . ”
Further , in the worst cases , it leads to agoraphobia and deaths , often by suicide .
Now , it ’s important to mention that the people perpetuating the climate of fear around sexuality and youth truly believe they are protecting society in general and young people in specific .
It ’s admirable to want to protect our kids from pedophiles , our daughters from over pushy gray - raping boyfriends , and even ourselves from being registered as sex offenders for no good reason .
Even if their actions are not rational , their fears are not imagined .
But until we educate our children , our policy makers , and ourselves , we will all be forever doomed to live in fear –of the dirty old man down the street , of over - eager prosecutors and politicians , or even of our own bodies .
If you truly want to protect our children from sexual abuse , then education is far and away the best protection you can give them .
And yet , sadly , even in otherwise unbiased communities , many people are extremely uncomfortable with the idea that young people might want to participate , almost always citing fears that access to sexuality information could be traumatic .
Tragically , projecting such sexual paranoia onto young people is actually killing many of them .
Adultist sex-negativity is , of course , the intersection of two realms of fear - mongering : the sex is going to turn us all into sinners one , and the everything in the world is going to kill our children one .
The effects of this pandemic fearfulness are devastating in the mainstream population but it ’s even more devastating in minority and alternative sexuality communities .
As Ramon Johnson points out in his article on LGBT suicide :
[ LGBTQ ] youth are up to four times more likely to attempt suicide than their heterosexual peers , according to the Massachusetts 2006 Youth Risk Survey .
A 2007 San Francisco State University Chavez Center Institute study shows that LGBT and questioning youth who come from a rejecting family are up to nine times more likely to attempt suicide than their heterosexual peers .
And for every completed suicide by a young person , it is estimated that 100 to 200 attempts are made ( 2003 Youth Risk Behavior Surveillance Survey ) .
In society ’s rush to protect our children from harmful sexuality , children ’s own defense mechanisms have been damaged .
As Erin Runnion , founder of The Joyful Child foundation , which aims to protect children against sexual molestation , says , Kids need their freedom .
At some point they ’re going to have to take care of themselves , so it ’s better to start empowering them and giving them the confidence that they can handle that , and that they can handle their world , than to make them so afraid that it ’s just an evil place .
( Quote is at 19:57 in Episode 8 , Season 6 of “ Penn & Teller ’s : Bullsh*t ! ” )
This misguided approach to protecting children from the dangers of the world simultaneously piles unreasonable expectations on parents , teachers , policy - makers , and law enforcement .
In 2003 , the Dallas Observer reported on the case of Jacqueline Mercado and her boyfriend , who were arrested and indicted for “ sexual performance of a child ” when they developed a photograph of their 1 - year - old son breastfeeding from Jacqueline ’s breast at a local drugstore .
Child Protective Services took away their two children and ordered all kinds of onerous counseling and tests .
To any reasonable person not infected by sexual paranoia , seeing a mother breastfeeding her child would not incite the kind of fear that it clearly did in the case of the this photo developer .
Stories like Jacqueline ’s are not uncommon .
A similar story appeared just a few months ago when a Wal - Mart employee in Arizona reported Mr. and Mrs. Demaree to the cops as sex offenders and child pornographers for attempting to develop photographs of their three daughters , each younger than 5 , taking a bath .
As a result , the three little girls were taken away from their parents for more than a month .
The drugstore and Wal - Mart employees in these cases , and the Montgomery County School Board in the case of ousting this event from school grounds , were probably all imagining the dirty old man down the street .
But such unsavory characters are more often the stuff of nightmares than reality .
In fact , according to the US Department of Justice ’s statistical report entitled , Sexual Assault of Young Children as Reported to Law Enforcement , 14 year old teenagers are apparently the most sexually dangerous group in America .
( Reference : Figure 6 , pg 8 of US Department of Justice statistical report , “ Sexual Assault of Young Children as Reported to Law Enforcement : Victim , Incident , and Offender Characteristics ” . )
How can 14 year olds be the most likely group of American citizens to be child molesters and sex offenders ?
Well , according to a 2008 news article in the Seattle P - I , more than 3,500 teenagers and adolescents in the State of Washington averaging 14 years old have been charged and convicted as felony sex offenders since 1997 .
In December of 2006 , the Denver Post reported on a Utah court case in which two 13 year old heterosexual adolescents were convicted of sexually molesting each other .
They , too , are now both registered sex offenders .
This story showcases a horrible double - standard of youth sexuality : at 13 , you ’re too young to be capable of consenting to sex , but apparently you ’re old enough to consciously decide to sexually molest someone else .
In Georgia , then - 17 year old Wendy Whitaker became a registered sex offender for having consensual oral sex with a fellow high school classmate 3 weeks before his 16th birthday .
Now a housewife , she filed a lawsuit against the state of Georgia that says , “ The gravity of Whitaker ’s offense ‘ bears no reasonable relationship ’ to the harshness of her penalty . ”
There ’s little about paranoia that can be reasonable .
Whitaker ’s case is interesting because had she committed her “ crime ” just three weeks later , her legal standing today would be dramatically different .
It raises the question : is age a reasonable measure for determining the criminality of sexual activity ?
If so , at what age should sexual curiosity become criminal ?
At what age should it stop ?
Unfortunately , today ’s laws codify a supreme oversimplification of the issues at hand .
Age itself is merely a number , and setting any age as the primary or sole determining factor of criminality reduces consent to a boolean value : either you can or you can ’t .
But we all know that the issue is much more complicated than that .
While it ’s appropriate for individuals and society to protect children , the societal fear of youth sexuality so tragically overshadows rational thinking in so many cases that the result is n’t protection , but censorship and a sexuality information deficit that causes terrible emotional damage to the very youth they claim to be protecting .
The more afraid we are , the more arbitrary rules –like age - based oversimplifications –we try to impose on each other .
That ’s not a solution –that ’s unacceptable .
Many people fail to understand this , possibly because of the prevalence of sexual paranoia .
Young or old , no one is safe from it .
And in the last decade , the instances of the kinds of cases I mentioned earlier has not slowed .
Even more frightening , the irrational age line is changing as panic over youth sexuality increases .
Also in December of 2006 , a four year old boy in Waco , Texas was punished with an in - school suspension for hugging a teacher ’s aide while boarding the school bus because the aide complained that he had brushed his face against her breast .
Whether or not this toddler experienced sexual feelings is not the point ; the point is that his expression of it is probably not malicious , and it was CERTAINLY not actually threatening to the teacher ’s aide .
And if you think this only happens in the Bible Belt , you ’re sadly mistaken .
In fact , during the school year of 2005 - 2006 right here in the State of Maryland , 28 kindergartners were suspended for sex offenses , including 15 for sexual harassment .
One writer who blogs at Classically Liberal crystalized what sexual paranoia is doing to our children today :
Once you reach a certain age , having sex with people your own age is normally not considered a crime .
The explosion of “ youthful sex offenders ” is not the result of our kids becoming perverts .
It is the result of the law criminalizing what is a normal part of growing up . ”
Sexual paranoia incites people to act in paternalistic and contradictory ways .
These young people are not the face of society ’s worst criminals .
Only a decade or so ago , doing what any one of these youth I just described did could very well have been YOU .
In fact , if I had not been such an isolated child , it would have been me .
When I was an adolescent , it would have changed my life for the better to be able to be in a public , safe place where people discussed sexuality freely –a place like this event .
But I never got that opportunity because places like this did n’t exist .
Instead , to get information about sex , bisexuality , and everything else that sexuality was related to in my life –which , as a boy going through puberty , was a lot !
–I hid behind the glow of my computer screen in a dark room .
In other words , I was a closeted teenager .
I began masturbating at 9 years old , but I was in the closet about that until I turned 15 , when I finally talked to a girl who would become my first girlfriend about it .
By the way , she was 17 , and we gave each other head lots of times .
Should she , like Wendy Whitaker , be branded a criminal ?
In either case , I do n’t think so .
Put simply , the closet is not a safe place to be .
Whenever you ’re afraid to reveal something about yourself , someone else can harm you by revealing that truth .
Most teens and younger people , regardless of their sexual orientation , are closeted .
They , like I before them , are afraid of discussing their sexuality openly and matter - of - factly .
Youth keep any and all sexual activity or sexual curiosity hidden for fear of being punished for it .
In his 1999 talk , Censorship and the Fear of Sexuality , Dr. Marty Klein says :
Children know they ’re sexual , so most conclude that they are bad .
Unconsciously , kids fear being abandoned or destroyed because of their sexuality .
This is not a metaphorical fear–for young children , 100 % dependent on the caretaking and good will of their parents , it is a literal fear .
In terror , kids learn to hide , deny , repress , and distort their sexuality .
When I was 10 , my family got an America Online account .
That ’s when I discovered the Internet and , of course , pornographic websites .
I was afraid to hit the “ I am over 18 years of age ” button when I was n’t and yet I did so anyway .
I wanted to learn about sexuality from people who were willing to talk about it with me , not engage in it with me .
The uncensored Internet was one of the tools that helped me come out of the closet , that helped me develop a healthy and respectful sexual understanding of myself and of others .
It was n’t the perfect tool , and so today I ’m working on making it better , but I fully believe that I would have been a statistic in Ramon Johnson ’s suicide article had it not been for the miniscule amount of information about sexuality that I found online .
Sadly , because of the social constructions of power with which sex and age are so inextricably intertwined , the people in power –the adults –often choose censorship to restrict the availability of sexuality information to young people instead of education , all under the guise of protection .
But censorship and oppressive information restrictions are not protection , only education is .
In the same 1999 talk , Dr. Klein said :
Talk of censorship typically leads to thoughts of “ pornography . ”
But that ’s only one aspect of sexual censorship .
Other targets include sex education , contraceptive advertising , fiction , sex surveys , the Internet , and public nudity .
The Color Purple , Our Bodies Ourselves , and Ms. Magazine , for example , have all been banned from various high school libraries in supposedly liberal California .
The fear of one ’s own sexuality with which frightened parents routinely indoctrinate their children in a vicious cycle of adultism and sexual oppression , is far , far more damaging to most children than sex education , contraceptive advertising , or fiction could ever be .
And yet it is those avenues of information , even when they ’re not sexualized , that are often attacked by sexually paranoid parents and educators on a startlingly routine basis .
Earlier this month , Cory Doctorow ’s first young adult novel , Little Brother , received criticism .
Was it a badly written book ?
No .
In an article on Locus Online , Cory Doctorow explains :
I did n’t expect […] that I would receive a torrent of correspondence and entreaties from teachers , students , parents , and librarians who were angry , worried , or upset that Marcus [ the main character ] loses his virginity about two - thirds of the way through the book .
[ … T ] he sex - scene in the book is anything but explicit . [ … ]
There is no anatomy , no grunts or squeals , no smells or tastes .
This is n’t there to titillate .
It ’s there because it makes plot - sense and story - sense and character - sense for these two characters to do this deed at this time . [… ]
I remain baffled by adults who object to the sex in this book .
Not because it ’s prudish to object , but because the off - camera sex occurs in the middle of a story that features rioting , graphic torture , and detailed instructions for successful truancy .
When I needed sexuality information as an adolescent my schools , my teachers , my parents , and even my trusted adult friends would not talk to me about it .
I suspect they must have been afraid of the very things I sense some people who wish to restrict the access of minors to educational events like these KinkForAll unconferences are afraid of .
Finding information about sexuality in public libraries and on the Internet very literally saved my young , questioning , and very isolated life .
I do n’t want any other young person to go through the isolation and uncertainty I felt about my own sexuality at that age .
Do you ?
As clinical sexologist Becky Knight said ,
It ’s kind of amazing to me that so many people wish they had better information and guidance when they were young , but then they fail to provide it for the next generation .
Information about sex and relationships is critical for young people if they are going to grow into sexually healthy and happy adults .
Some people can find it on their own , but many people suffer from misinformation and misunderstandings that could have been helped by simply getting accurate information earlier on .
Young people today are in the closet because they are not treated equally , because too many adults think the phrase “ freedom ” and especially “ sexual freedom ” only apply when someone turns 16 , or 18 , or whatever the ages of consent or majority , which both vary wildly across regions of the world , happens to kick in .
In fact , developmental psychologist Alison Gopnik says that the younger children are , the more morally they tend to behave .
( Skip to 57 seconds into the video . )
Take , for example , the case of 10 year old Arkansas resident Will Phillips , who made national headlines a few weeks ago when he refused to recite the Pledge of Allegiance in school ( you know , the one that ends with liberty and justice for all ) until gay and lesbian people have equal rights to marry whomever they love , just as heterosexual people do .
Will recently appeared on CNN for an interview alongside his father , Jay Phillips .
When asked if his son was prepared for the media attention , Mr. Phillips said his son saw it as an opportunity to raise awareness :
He felt that just because he ’s ten years old does n’t mean he does n’t have opinions , does n’t mean he does n’t have rights , and does n’t mean he ca n’t make a difference .
So it seems to me that young people are often painfully aware of fundamental human rights and have an intellectual and moral capacity as keenly developed as any of the healthiest adults .
I submit to you today that freedom is not something that we can put to a vote , nor is it something that someone should be made to wait 18 years for , because they should have it from the moment they enter into this world .
And this is not a new idea .
The United Nations ’ Universal Declaration of Human Rights says ( paraphrased ) :
Every man , woman , and child on Earth is born free and equal in dignity and rights . [ … ]
Everyone is entitled to the rights set forth in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights regardless of age [ … ] .
You have the right to live in freedom and safety .
Nobody has the right to treat you as their slave .
The law is the same for everyone .
You have the right to think what you want and say what you like , to organize peacefully , [ and ] to take part in your country ’s political affairs .
The society in which you live should help you to develop .
Education should strive to promote peace and understanding among all people .
Here ’s some food for thought : there ’s a word for minors who are legally able to make their own choices .
That word is ’ emancipated . ’
In other words , most minors are not emancipated .
This word might sound familiar , since it ’s in the Emancipation Proclamation , which freed African - American slaves from the legal control of their owners across the United States .
On that note , imagine what kind of priority adults might make education and childcare if school children could vote .
You might be thinking to yourself , ‘ This is too much , too radical , too dangerous , too risky . ’
Yes , it is a lot , it is radical , it is dangerous , and it is risky .
But it is not merely possible , it is necessary .
We will not have a world free of sexism , classism , racism , or religious persecution if we do not also empower our children to actually live a life of equal dignity and rights from the moment they join us here .
In order for our children and ourselves to live free of fear , we must eradicate this pandemic of sexual paranoia and its symptoms of sexual adultism .
And we can , because there are enough people around who want to make the world a better place .
You can be the cure this world needs .
On a blog post that I wrote while trying to come up with this presentation , one commenter said this :
Whenever I think about sex education and young people , I ’m left with my persistent conviction that lack of real education about sex and relationships nearly got me raped at fourteen .
This …leaves me rather emotional about the subject .
I ’m typing this with my three month old daughter asleep in my lap .
This also leaves me rather emotional about the subject .
I need to know how to do for her better than was done for me .
With that in mind , I challenge you–each and every one of you listening to me speak , whether you ’re hearing me in person today or you ’re watching this presentation from a recording a month from now , a year from now , or a decade from now –I challenge you to take it upon yourself to be an educational hero and make accurate , rational , nonjudgmental sex education a real priority .
You can do it by pressuring your school districts , politicians , and teachers to promote body - positive materials in classrooms .
You can do it by sharing a link to a sex - positive article or posting a tweet about this talk .
Help one person–just one person–to make something better for themselves than was done for you .
Thank you very much .
Because adding constants " helps " data fit a theory , there is an old joke : " Five constants ??
You can fit an elephant with five constants ! "
In a 1975 article James Wei tested this and found that there is a least squares Fourier sine series that will fit these coordinates
that requires a minimum of 30 terms in the Fourier expansion .
This Demonstration shows that you can get fairly close with 15 ( five more if you want your elephant to have an eye ) .
The larger question addresses how far you should go to " back into " a theory from data .
The plot of the data shows that it has little correlation .
Indeed , Pearson 's correlation coefficient for this data is very small .
Yet with adequate computing power a set of equations can be found .
The message becomes : if you want this elephant to have feathers , Mathematica can include them in the fit .
Have you have found a theory in your data ?
No .
Is your client impressed ?
Perhaps , if your client is a cartoon company .
The Original : The Blair Witch Project ( 1999 )
The most successful " found footage " flick , Blair Witch 's stealthy , is - it - real - or - not horror introduced a new generation to the possibilities of DIY lo-fi filmmaking .
It is - oh , yes it is - one of the greatest horror films ever made .
Why We Didn't Want The Sequel :
When something breaks out as original and unique , it 's probably best not to try and follow it .
Despite a healthy pedigree ( director Joe Berlinger has made some great documentaries ) , this flop ditches everything that worked about the original for a generic horror romp that tries to feed off the mythology , but ends up choking .
We ’ll start with a puzzle , taken from Hofstader ’s Godel , Escher , Bach .
In this puzzle , we are going to learn to speak in a restricted language .
We will be talking about integers , so our variables will always stand for integers .
We have available to us the ordinary arithmetic operations , , , and the relations , , , , , .
We have the logical connectives : " AND " , " OR " , " NOT " , " IF … THEN " and the quantifiers " THERE EXISTS " and " FOR ALL " .
So we can say " is prime " , because we just say " There do not exist and , both , with . "
Or we can say “ Every nonnegative integer is a sum of four squares ” ; we just say “ If then there exist , , and such that . ”
The technical phrase here is that we are speaking the first order language of integers .
Puzzle : Within this limited vocabulary , express the statement .
Why is this puzzle important ?
In Godel ’s proof of the undecidability of Peano Arithmetic , he took theorems and proofs and encoded them as integers .
He then needed to express “ is a proof of ” as a sentence in the vocabulary of first order logic .
When you think about how challenging the above puzzle is , and how much more complicated “ is a proof of ” is than “ “ , this should astonish you .
There are a lot of great popular introductions to the overall structure of Godel ’s proof .
Most of them gloss over HOW Godel solved this technical problem .
My goal in this post is to discuss precisely this point , and ignore the larger questions .
I will take the view that expressing things in the first order language of arithmetic is a worthwhile goal in its own right , and will show you how surprisingly strong this language is .
Below the fold , I ’ll solve the puzzle .
Then I ’ll show how to express some more serious ideas .
First , a basic construction :
By “ “ , we mean “ and there exists such that . ”
So , when we write , this is a statement of first order logic .
Now , without further ado , the solution :
There exist , and such that .
.
For all , there exist and such that , and .
, there exist and such that , and . .
I urge you to stare at this a lot , and convince yourself that it works .
For any finite sequence ; we can find such that .
This is the trick everything else will be based on .
By giving only three integers , we have managed to encode an entire sequence of integers .
Obviously , we could modify this trick to say “ ” or “ is the - th Fibonacci number . ”
The next statement says that the recursion , starting at , terminates :
There exist nonnegative integers , , and such that .
.
For all , there exist and such that , , if is even then and , if is odd , then .
, there exist and such that , , if is even then and , if is odd , then . .
Now , we are encoding a list of length by giving a quadruple of positive integers .
It will be convenient to have a way to encode a list by just one integer .
That ’s easy enough .
Just take the previous example and change it to read
There is a nonnegative integer such that there exist nonnegative integers , , and with and
Of course , I use binomial coefficients as a convenient shorthand .
The right hand side is some polynomial in , which we could write out in full if we wanted .
The point is , given any nonnegative integer , there is exactly one way to express it as this sum of binomial coefficients .
So we can encode four integers in one .
And those four integers , in turn , can encode a list of finite length .
We ’re going to be using this idea a lot , so let ’s create notation .
will mean “ the - th term of the list encoded by ” and will be “ the length of the list encoded by . ”
I could always unravel this to talk about and if I wanted to .
( But I do n’t ! )
Here ’s a nice example :
If is prime , then there is some with such that and .
and .
For to , , and , for to , .
to , , and , for to , .
For , there is a such that .
Do you see what ’s going on here ?
is a list of lists , encoding the first rows of Pascal ’s triangle .
This states the ( true ) theorem that is divisible by .
The ability to talk about lists of lists is incredibly powerful .
It can also be very confusing .
In one of Douglass Hofstadter ’s essays , he says something like : “ Godel ’s paper is n’t a mathematical paper at all ; it ’s a LISP compiler ! ”
And , indeed , most of the length of the paper comes down to saying how to convert very simple statements about lists into very long statements about arithmetic relations between integers .
In this analogy , the first order language of arithmetic is assembly language .
What is C ?
This is the first order language of hereditarily finite lists of integers .
Our variables will denote either integers or finite lists whose elements are either integers or finite lists whose elements are either integers or finite lists , so something like
The important point is that we do not have infinite branching or infinite nesting .
We will , again , have all the logical symbols " AND " , " OR " , " NOT " , " IF … THEN " and the quantifiers " THERE EXISTS " and " FOR ALL " .
We will have the statements “ is an integer ” and “ is a list ” .
For integers , we will have all the arithmetic operations and relations we had before .
We also have basic operations on lists .
For example , if is a list and an integer , we have the operations and .
The next few screens will address some technical points .
To keep you interested , here is another puzzle :
Puzzle 2 : Let be the function which takes a hereditarily finite list of integers and returns the list where every integer , at any level of nesting , has been doubled .
Express the sentence in the first order language of hereditarily finite sets of integers .
There is one very technical point to warn you about .
Since the language of arithmetic only has integers , we have to use integers both to encode lists and to encode integers .
We can solve this in many ways ; a traditional solution is to use odd integers for lists and even integers for actual integers .
So the sentence
in the language of hereditarily finite lists of integers .
has to be compiled to
in the language of integers .
I will completely hide this issue from you in the future , but the first book I read about this did n’t point it out , and it freaked me out for a while when I realized the issue existed .
Hereditarily finite lists of integers are a vastly nicer language than integers .
There is one immediate problem .
Depending on exactly how we set up our encoding of lists by integers , we might be able to encode the list that contains itself .
We could probably dodge that by choosing our encoding right , but it ’s easier to just write down a statement that says that is hereditarily finite .
Here ’s a solution ; it is worth reading carefully :
There is a list such that and , for between and , either is an integer
or
is an integer or is a list and , for between and , there is a , with , such that .
Do you see how this works ?
Every subobject which occurs anywhere in , at any depth of nesting , must occur as an object of .
As an imperfect analogy , you can think of this as like the way that very complicated data structures are flattened into a linear computer memory .
We can use this trick to define recursive functions on hereditarily finite lists , the same was as we used lists to define recursive functions on numbers .
For example , we now give the solution to puzzle 2 .
There are two lists and , with , with and and such that ,
for between and , either and are integers with
or
and are integers with or and are lists of the same length and , for between and , there is a such that and .
Again , I encourage you to stare at this until you see that it says what it is supposed to .
So we can do recursion !
We are now something like ‘s of the way to LISP .
There is an important point which I ’ve glossed over .
We can have two different integers encode the same list .
All the code first order sentences which I have written so far will work just fine if you read the symbol to mean “ are the same actual integer , in the low level encoding . ”
But we also do need a way to say that two lists are equal , however they are encoded .
To solve this , take the block above and just remove the multiplication by .
We ’ll write for this more general notion of equality .
At this point , you should be able to write Godel ’s proof .
Assign numbers to characters like , , and so forth .
Figure out how to say things like “ is a grammatical sentence , containing the unbound variable . ”
Keep pushing and , now that we have a decent language for handling lists and recursion , it is not that hard to write sentences that say we have a valid proof .
I ’m going to go in a different direction , and explain why I started writing this post .
Over at Math Overflow , I asked the question “ What is induction up to ? ” I did n’t realize it at the time , but I was basically asking someone to write me a multi-screen blogpost .
So , now that I understand , I have written that post .
Let me explain how to encode .
I ’ll say that
if one of the following is true : and are integers with
and are integers with is an integer and a list
is an integer and a list and are lists and either
There is some , with such that , for and or and for .
and are lists and either
This gives us a total ordering on all hereditarily finite lists of integers .
( Thanks to Allison Miller for pointing out that my previous definition did n’t work . )
Roughly , we do a depth first search of and , looking for where they first differ .
We rank large integers above small integers , and lists above integers .
Exercise for the reader : convince yourself that the relationship really can be written in the first order language of hereditarily finite lists of integers .
This will get you a lot of practice in unfolding recursions .
Now that we can compare lists , we can sort lists of lists .
is sorted if either is an integer or
is an integer or is a list so that for and is sorted for .
is a list so that
SOME PREVIOUS ERRORS ARE NOW FIXED
Define a pure list to be a list whose elements are either pure lists or the empty list .
( Details are left to you at this point . )
So , something like .
Now , I can define .
The ordinal is the set of all pure sorted lists , under the relation .
Here are the first few elements of , along with their more standard notations :
I think you can see why no one wanted to write out a complete answer to “ How do you encode in the first order language of integers ? ” on Math Overflow !
Alabama Rep. Parker Griffith says he can't be ' with a party that continues to pursue legislation that is bad for our country . '
Griffith faults Pelosi for switch
Democratic Rep. Parker Griffith announced Tuesday that he 's switching parties – saying he can no longer align himself “ with a party that continues to pursue legislation that is bad for our country , hurts our economy and drives us further and further into debt . ”
“ Unfortunately there are those in the Democratic Leadership that continue to push an agenda focused on massive new spending , tax increases , bailouts and a health care bill that is bad for our healthcare system , ” Griffith said in a statement .
“ I have always considered myself to be an independent voice and I have tried to be that voice in Congress – but after watching this agenda firsthand I now believe that the differences in the two parties could not be more clear and that for me to be true to my core beliefs and values I must align myself with the Republican party and speak out clearly on these issues .
Advertisement
Griffith ’s party switch comes on the eve of a pivotal congressional health care vote and will send a jolt through a Democratic House Caucus that has already been unnerved by the recent retirements of a handful of members who , like Griffith , hail from districts that offer prime pickup opportunities for the GOP in 2010 .
The switch represents a coup for the House Republican leadership , which had been courting Griffith since he publicly criticized the Democratic leadership in the wake of raucous town halls during the summer .
Virginia Rep. Eric Cantor , the No. 2 Republican in the House , hailed Griffith 's move from a large majority to a small minority as proof that the Democrats have become “ completely disconnected from seniors , young workers and and families in America . ”
Liberals countered that Griffith was essentially a Republican all along , and Rep. Chris Van Hollen ( D - Md. ) , the chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee , said he should give back the money Democrats have contributed to his campaign .
" House Democratic members and the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee took Parker Griffith at his word and , as a result , invested a great deal in working with Alabamans to bring Mr. Griffith to Congress , " he said in a statement .
" Mr. Griffith , failing to honor our commitment to him , has a duty and responsibility to return to Democratic Members and the DCCC the financial resources that were invested in him .
His constituents will hold him accountable for failing to keep his commitments . "
Griffith , who captured his seat in a close 2008 open seat contest , will become the first Republican to hold the historically Democratic , Huntsville - based district .
A radiation oncologist who founded a cancer treatment center , Griffith cited the Democratic health care bill as a major reason for his switch .
“ I want to make it perfectly clear that his bill is bad for our doctors , our patients and will have unintended consequences far beyond what we know today , ” he said .
“ As a doctor and as a Republican , I plan to once again oppose this measure and hope that we can defeat this bill that is a major threat to our nation . ”
While the timing of his announcement was unexpected , Griffith ’s party switch will not come as a surprise to those familiar with his voting record , which is one of the most conservative among Democrats .
" He has bucked the Democratic leadership on nearly all of its major domestic initiatives , including the stimulus package , health care legislation , the cap - and trade energy bill and financial regulatory reform .
" He was one of only 11 House Democrats to vote against the stimulus .
“ Look at his voting record – he’s had substantial differences philosophically with the Democratic agenda here in Congress , ” said an Alabama ally who is familiar with Griffith ’s decision .
“ It ’s something that ’s been discussed for the last several months … talking to people in his family .
And it genuinely is a reflection of where he feels .
It ’s his own personal conviction . ”
The Obama administration ’s decision to scrap plans to build a missile defense shield in Eastern Europe further frustrated Griffith , according to GOP sources , because his district contains the base for Boeing ’s ground - based missile defense research .
Ironically , a National Republican Congressional Committee spokesman called Griffith a “ woefully ineffective advocate for Tennessee Valley jobs ” after the decision was announced in September .
Signs of Griffith ’s dissatisfaction with his party began to surface publicly during the summer recess , when he received an earful of criticism from constituents .
In August — one month after Republicans picked up his former state legislative seat in a special election — Griffith told a local newspaper that he would n't vote for Nancy Pelosi to remain as House Speaker because she 's too divisive .
He joked that if she did n’t like it , he ’d provide her with a gift certificate to a mental health center .
He added that if the Democratic leadership would n't commit to working in a more bipartisan manner , " perhaps we should look at altering that . "
Later that month , he was booed at a town hall forum , even though he said he was against his leadership ’s version of health care reform .
“ If I 'm agreeing with you , do n't fight me , " Griffith said to a heckler , according to the Huntsville Times .
" I 'm on your team . "
After the November off - year elections , he told POLITICO that he wanted to be called an independent Blue Dog and not a Democrat .
He said the point of the elections was clear : “ I should be nervous . ”
Democratic pollster John Anzalone , an Alabama native , said that Griffith would have faced a difficult re-election , and undoubtedly was worried about his prospects in a conservative district .
“ This is never a pleasant thing … you never can really figure out the motivation .
Usually , it ’s political opportunism .
Parker Griffith can win as a Democrat , but it ’s easier to win as a Republican , ” said Anzalone .
“ When you run as a Southern Democrat , you run because you have a certain principle of being with the party of the people .
You know what you ’re getting into , there ’s no surprise on the legislative side .
It ’s a political calculation . ”
Several Republicans have already stepped forward to challenge Griffith , and it ’s not clear whether they ’ll drop their bids in light of his party switch .
Madison County Commissioner
Mo Brooks has already raised more than $ 100,000 for the campaign , while Navy veteran Les Phillip also is running .
Brooks 's campaign manager , Bruce Tucker , told POLITICO he would remain in the race and called Griffith 's move “ a desperate political move . ”
The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee will now have to scramble to find a candidate to run against Griffith before Alabama ’s April 2 filing deadline .
Though it has never elected a Republican to Congress , Griffith ’s seat has a long conservative tradition and has backed Democrats who have a brand independent from the national party .
As a result of the district ’s Democratic heritage , Democrats still hold the majority of state legislative seats within the 5th Congressional District ’s boundaries .
The district , however , is trending Republican : A wave of new residents is moving into the Huntsville suburbs , where the area ’s burgeoning aerospace and defense industries have created a miniboom .
And those voters , with fewer ties to the area ’s past politics , have been reliably Republican at the national level .
The district gave John McCain a resounding 61 percent of the vote last year — a tick above the 60 percent President George W. Bush won in 2004 .
Even so , last year Griffith managed a narrow win against the strong drag at the top of the ticket in one of the nastiest House races in the nation .
He defeated Republican Wayne Parker 51 percent to 48 percent , despite heavy GOP spending against him .
The National Republican Congressional Committee poured in $ 514,000 to air ads attacking Griffith , including one that suggested he was soft on Islamic terrorism .
And the committee raised questions about whether Griffith engaged in medical malpractice when it released decades - old documentation accusing his cancer center of underdosing patients with radiation so that he could collect more money .
Griffith is the first House Democrat to switch parties since Rep. Rodney Alexander ( R - La. ) changed parties in 2004 .
The most recent member of Congress to switch parties is Sen. Arlen Specter ( D - Pa. ) , who announced his decision in April .
Griffith ’s predecessor , former nine - term Rep. Bud Cramer , had been frequently mentioned as a possible party - switcher — and also as a possible appointee in the Bush administration — but he retired from Congress as a Democrat .
Griffith now has $ 619,000 in the bank to run as a Republican , a total boosted by contributions from several of the Democratic Party ’s more liberal leaders .
The political action committee of House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer donated $ 10,000 to Griffith ’s reelection this year , and even Pelosi chipped in $ 4,000 — prior to Griffith 's August remarks .
An internet campaign to stop the winner of British television 's top show from once again claiming the coveted Christmas number one single has triumphed against the odds .
US rap metal band Rage Against The Machine 's expletive - ridden 1992 hit Killing In The Name , which has lyrics about rebelling against control , saw off Joe McElderry , the winner of this year 's
The X Factor singing contest , in the battle for the festive top spot .
A campaign on Facebook was set up in a bid to stop student McElderry 's version of Miley Cyrus 's The Climb from becoming a fifth straight X Factor shoo - in for the Christmas number one slot .
Killing In The Name sold more than 500,000 copies in the past week while The Climb chalked up sales of 450,000 .
Killing
In
The Name was not available as a single on CD and is the first download - only Christmas number one , and achieved the biggest download sales total in a first week ever in the British charts .
" As we have seen in recent years , overhauling any X Factor winner in the race for the Christmas number one is no mean achievement , " said the official UK Charts Company 's managing director Martin Talbot .
" The popular support we have seen for the record this week has been truly amazing , and handed them two all - time records . "
Rage Against the Machine vocalist Zack de la Rocha told BBC radio : " We are very ecstatic and excited about the song reaching number one .
We want to thank everyone who has participated in this incredible organic grassroots campaign . "
" It says more about the spontaneous action taken by young people throughout the UK to topple this very sterile pop monopoly and less about the song and the band .
" We are very proud to have had the song chosen as the vehicle by which to do this .
" It 's a great moment as they make what is seemingly impossible , possible . "
The Californian said a " large portion " of the sales profits would be donated to a British homelessness charity and the band would perform a free gig in 2010 as promised if they got to number one .
Joe McElderry said : " Fair play to the guys who have organised the Facebook campaign - it 's been exciting to be part of a much - hyped battle and they definitely deserve congratulations . "
" This time last year I never thought for one minute that I 'd win The X Factor , never mind about having a debut single out , so I 'm just delighted to be in the charts .
" It 's been such an incredible couple of months and I got the best Christmas gift I could ever have asked for in winning The X Factor . "
- AFP
Back in the first few months of the current administration , when I was writing piece after piece urging the new administration to adopt a more aggressive economic policy , what I had very much in my mind — and wrote about on a few occasions — was the possibility of a sort of political economy trap .
If unemployment continued to rise , I feared , Congress would n’t draw the right conclusion — that we needed more stimulus .
Instead , the verdict would be that Obama ’s economic policies were n’t working , so we needed to do less .
And high unemployment would also lead to Democratic electoral losses , further undermining the ability to act ( since the fact is that today ’s GOP is the party of economic ignorance ) .
The result would be a persistently depressed economy , and a fading out of Obama ’s promise .
I really , really wish I had been wrong about this — and for a while , as banks seemed to regain their footing and stocks went up , it looked as if the administration ’s softly , softly policy might work out after all .
But on the things that truly matter , above all jobs , reality has played out even worse than I feared .
Today the unemployment rate passed 10 % , a sort of brutal milestone .
The thing to do , I guess , is to keep making the case for doing more ; in particular , we can hope that centrist Democrats will finally realize that timid economic policies are hurting their own electoral prospects .
But it ’s an uphill fight .
Who ’s to blame ?
The buck stops with the president .
But did his economic advisers make it clear to him that the proposed stimulus was way short of what the math suggested we needed , even given what was known in January ?
Or was Mr. Obama really led to believe that his stimulus proposal was as bold as he claimed it was ?
I do n’t know .
But I ’ve got a sick feeling about the whole situation .
By By Stephanie Dearing Dec 26 , 2009 in World A humanitarian convoy , loaded with food and medical supplies and intended for the Gaza strip .
The Viva Palestina Convoy , also known as the Mile of Smiles , originated in Europe .
" We are only a four hour ferry ride and a four hour drive from Gaza - we have to be there by 11:35 am on 27th December - the first anniversary of Israel 's war on Gaza .
So though we have all the cargo manifests , we have to just sit , wait and hope .
Unfortunately , the Egyptians I have spoken to say this is a ' political aid convoy ' rather than a humanitarian aid convoy - and that makes all the difference .
And though the Jordanians are being very kind to us while we wait , the fact is our trucks are impounded in a car park 30 km from the port with tonnes of medicines spoiling in this Middle Eastern heat .
Please Mubarak , let our people go !. "
British MP , The The issue is a bit convoluted because Mubarak is not technically refusing the convoy passage through Egypt .
What has happened is Egypt has directed that the convoy go through a specific port , one that organizers say they cannot easily access from their current location in Aqaba , Jordan .
The convoy is continuing to press Mubarak for permission to use a port the convoy can access , but Egypt has refused this proposed alternative .
A statement from the Egyptian government " The Egyptian government welcomes the passage of the convoy into the Gaza Strip on December 27 , on condition that it abides by the mechanisms in place for humanitarian aid convoys to the Palestinian people .
" This includes most importantly , the entry of convoys through the port of El - Arish " .
This is not the first time that Egypt has The Egyptian border crossing , Rafah , is the only non-Israeli controlled crossing into Gaza .
Viva Palestina is a U.K. registered charity .
Aqaba , Jordan -
The Mile of Smiles convoy is stuck in Jordan at the Bour Sai'id port , trying to access the Egyptian - controlled Rafah Terminal , but Egypt is not allowing to convoy to move on to Rafah .
The original 80 trucks also carry mobility chairs , and represent the efforts of Viva Palestina , a registered charity based in the U.K. , as well as different Arab groups based in Germany , France and Belgium .
Turkey added in donations as the convoy passed through , and now the convoy has around 210 trucks and 500 people .
According to Zuber Hatia , who has accompanied the convoy from Portsmouth , England , British MP , George Galloway has accompanied the convoy from England .
He has appealed to Egypt's President , Hosni Mubarak , for quick passage to the Rafah crossing into Gaza , but Mubarak has not granted the wishes of the humanitarian convoy .
Just a short while ago , an unknown number of members of the convoy began a hunger strike in an attempt to sway the Egyptians .
The convoy left England on December 6th .
It follows on the heels of two other aid convoys that made it to Gaza earlier this year .
The organizers of Viva Palestina are trying to rally support for their cause through facebook , twitter , going to the media as well as appealing to an unknown number of Ambassadors for diplomatic assistance in getting passage through Egypt .
The issue is a bit convoluted because Mubarak is not technically refusing the convoy passage through Egypt .
What has happened is Egypt has directed that the convoy go through a specific port , one that organizers say they cannot easily access from their current location in Aqaba , Jordan .
The convoy is continuing to press Mubarak for permission to use a port the convoy can access , but Egypt has refused this proposed alternative .
A statement from the Egyptian government says
This is not the first time that Egypt has refused access to Gaza .
Earlier this summer , three U.K. medics who were travelling to Gaza for a humanitarian mission were refused access by Egypt .
Another aid convoy saw Egyptian authorities controlling access so strictly that only 16 people from the convoy were allowed into Gaza .
The restrictive access meant most of the convoy was stranded at the border .
Conditions in Gaza are alarming .
Home to about 1.4 million people , the strip is cut off from the rest of the world by Israel and Egypt .
Devastted by Israel 's military campaign , reconstruction is stalled out .
Refugee camps lack running water .
Schools , health care facilities , parks , and recreational facilities are not available .
Gaza is being fenced off by both Israel and Egypt .
Egypt is now working to stop the illegal tunnels that Palestinians were digging to give people access to Egypt -- and the food and health care available in Egypt .
The Egyptian border crossing , Rafah , is the only non-Israeli controlled crossing into Gaza .
Rafah is the southern border crossing into Gaza from Egypt , and some say that Israel controls that crossing even though it is technically in the hands of the Egyptians .
Viva Palestina is a U.K. registered charity .
More about Humanitarian aid , Gaza strip , Egypt , Viva palestina convoy
More news from Show all 7 humanitarian aid gaza strip egypt viva palestina convo ...
NBC's " Today " show Halloween decorating segment with Better Homes & Gardens and the news team dressed as " Star Wars " characters went increasingly awry due to a pair of scene stealing ( and reportedly intoxicated )
Ewoks .
THE ENDURING KNOW - NOTHING STRAIN ….
Washington Times editor Wesley Pruden trashed President Obama in his column today , which would n’t ordinarily be especially interesting .
The right - wing writer , however , touched on a specific kind of attack that illustrates a larger trend .
In this case , Pruden is all worked up because the president bowed before the Japanese Emperor .
Pruden believes Obama does n’t understand “ American history ” because “ the essence of America is that all men stand equal and are entitled to look even a king , maybe particularly a king , straight in the eye . ”
That ’s nice rhetoric , which would be more compelling were it not for the various photos of Presidents Eisenhower , Nixon , and H.W. Bush bowing before foreign leaders during their respective tenures .
I ’ve looked for related columns of Pruden trashing these Republican presidents for forgetting “ the essence of America , ” but ca n’t seem to find any .
But the key to the column is the wrap - up :
… Mr. Obama , unlike his predecessors , likely knows no better , and many of those around him , true children of the grungy ’ 60s , are contemptuous of custom .
Cutting America down to size is what attracts them to “ hope ” for “ change . ”
It ’s no fault of the president that he has no natural instinct or blood impulse for what the America of “ the 57 states ” is about .
He was sired by a Kenyan father , born to a mother attracted to men of the Third World and reared by grandparents in Hawaii , a paradise far from the American mainstream .
This is obviously some pretty offensive nonsense from a shameless hack , but it also speaks to a Know - Nothing strain that lingers in American politics .
Nativism was more common during last year ’s campaign .
Columnist Kathleen Parker , for example , wrote a piece in May 2008 on questions of candidates and “ full - bloodedness . ”
She wrote , “ It ’s about blood equity , heritage and commitment to hard - won American values .
And roots ….
We love to boast that we are a nation of immigrants .
But there ’s a different sense of America among those who trace their bloodlines back through generations of sacrifice … .
Full - blooded Americans get this . ”
The skepticism was , of course , directed at Barack Obama , which is odd when one thinks about it — his grandfather fought in Patton ’s Army , and Obama himself is apparently a distant cousin of Dick Cheney .
How his “ roots ” have been deemed inadequate is a mystery .
Unless , of course , you ’re a conservative who think the president ’s father does n’t count because he was African ; his mother does n’t count because she married a man from “ the Third World ” ; and his birthplace does n’t count because it ’s a non-contiguous state .
It ’s what makes Pruden comfortable openly mocking the president ’s “ blood impulse ” — as if the president is only technically American , in a way that we should n’t respect .
It ’s a shame such reminders are necessary in the 21st century , but I ’d like to note that America is n’t a country club or fraternity reserved for the white , wealthy elite .
Obama ’s story is a uniquely American story .
Some of us take pride in such things .
The notion that we must judge citizens based on a right - wing understanding of “ natural instincts ” or “ heritage ” — more generations = more American — is an idea that offends everything our country stands for .
Productivity Sauce
Dmitri Popov
I 've been thinking about replacing the hard disk on my production notebook with a solid - state disk ( SSD ) for quite a while .
So when I stumbled upon a good offer on Kingston 64GB SSDNow V series SSD I decided to take the plunge .
64GB is a far cry from the modest by today 's standards 160 GB hard disk on my notebook .
But since I store all my files on a Bubba Two server , I rarely use more than 15 - 20 GB anyway .
The Kingston 64GB SSDNow V series SSD model is available in several versions , including a so - called notebook kit .
It 's slightly more expensive than the disk itself , but it 's well worth a few extra bucks .
The notebook kit includes hard disk cloning software ( which is , obviously , of no use on Linux ) and a hard disk enclosure .
The latter is a very handy addition , as you can use it to convert the replaced hard disk into an external USB drive .
So I pulled the old hard disk out of the notebook , inserted it into the enclosure , and moved files and profiles to the freshly installed SSD .
The entire procedure of installing the SSD and moving the files took no longer than half an hour .
While I was hoping to get a slight speed boost , my expectations were n't very high : the Kingston V - series SSD is designed for the consumer market and the disk offers relatively modest read / write speeds .
I was therefore pleasantly surprised when the Ubuntu 9.10 's installer zoomed through the installation process in about 10 minutes -- almost twice as fast as with the old hard disk .
And I was completely blown away by how fast my notebook booted into Ubuntu 9.10 -- it took about 10 - 15 seconds .
Still skeptical , I launched OpenOffice.org .
Yep , it started noticeably faster than before .
I have n't done any scientific measurements , but I can say that switching to the SSD disk has had a more significant impact on the system 's performance than doubling the amount of RAM .
So if you are considering replacing the conventional hard disk on your machine with an SSD , I say go for it .
Before you make the move , though , you might want to do some research to find the SSD model that fits your needs and budget .
Comments
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
The new AOL and Tim Armstrong held their coming out party for Wall Street in New York yesterday , in a vast roadshow luncheon at the St. Regis .
What did Wall Street think ?
Some observations from attendees :
" I was prepared to hate this guy Armstrong -- just another dick from Google .
But he came across real well . "
" Tim Armstrong 's an impressive guy .
The CFO 's an impressive guy . "
They 're all new .
Of the top 6 guys it seems like only 1 - 2 are from AOL . "
" Opening statement : Very confident this will eventually be a growth business .
But realistic .
Admitted that the math is daunting .
The two highest margin businesses , access and search , are shrinking .
He said the new search deal [ in 2010 ] ' wo n't look like the last one . '
That 's spin for saying the new search deal will probably be worth about $ 500 million a year instead of the current $ 680 million . "
" Two - thirds of the people in the room were value guys hoping they 'd say they 're going to run off the access business for cash .
They 're obviously not going to do that . "
[ TRANSLATION : Many of the investors in the room just want AOL to admit it 's doomed and collect as much cash as possible before going bust . ]
" They were obviously not interested in getting people excited about the AOL story .
If they 'd wanted to get people excited about buying the stock , they could have told a much more exciting story .
They were VERY low key .
They 're just setting a low bar so they can get their options struck at a really low price . "
[ MORE CHARITABLY :
They understand the benefits of underpromising and overdelivering ] .
" He talked a lot about structured data .
That flew right over my head .
What the hell 's structured data ?
Is that that Patch thing ? "
" They said the turnaround will take 2 - 4 years .
He said he do n't expect the turnaround to take one year .
But he also said ' We did n't come here for 5 years . ' "
" Armstrong said the Wall Street Journal got the whole content strategy story wrong .
It 's not ' Robo - content . '
It 's a system that enables human editors and freelancers . "
" He said when he got there they had 24 ad serving systems and 17 content systems ...
The main message : Baboons built all this crap .
But now the humans have arrived . "
That 's about as good a reaction as one could hope for .
Well done , Tim !
Gaming has always bore the brunt of parental and media criticism , with titles like those in the Grand Theft Auto series and many others being accused of polluting the minds and souls of our youth .
Many activist groups will target games and condemns them for objectifying women and perpetuating negative stereotypes .
They see games as turning women either into shameless sex objects or unintelligent and powerless NPC ’s subservient to the male protagonists .
Unfortunately , in many cases this is true .
In fighting games , 99 % of all female fighters are scantily clad and trying to support a pair of watermelons with a tube top .
In games like GTA , yes , you can kill prostitutes — but it is n’t an integral gameplay element and it ’s done in the spirit of realism ( and to increase sales ) .
Games like those in the Leisure Suit Larry series portray all women as ‘ bounties ’ of sorts , the goal of the game being to ‘ score ’ as many times as possible .
Princess
Peach is a horrible stereotype in that she ’s a damsel in distress in need of saving , and , at times , a dutiful housewife .
( See Super Mario RPG where her most powerful weapon is a frying pan . )
I wo n’t mention the slew of Japanese adults - only games that often have sexual content and even violent sexual content because these games are n’t in the mainstream either here in the US or in Japan .
They are released almost always exclusively online and only a small handful of people have heard of them .
They are also never seen on consoles because no one would license it .
However , the groups who target gaming often overlook ( through ignorance or choice ) the positive images of females in games .
Women who are both strong and independent , often reaching the ideal that so many feminists strive for .
I can name dozens of female characters that are excellent role models to young girls and women : Terra , Celes , and Relm from Final Fantasy VI , for instance .
Though Relm is a bit tomboyish , Terra and Celes are powerful and motivated characters who , despite their strength , maintain their femininity .
There ’s Marle from Chrono Trigger , who , in the game emancipates herself from her father , the King , to choose her own life instead of accepting the life that had been chosen for her .
There ’s also Schala from the same game , who defies her mother to save the protagonist .
Farah from The Prince of Persia : Sands of Time must help correct the once - misogynistic Prince ’s mistake in order to save his kingdom .
There are plenty of action - oriented females , as well , like Alyx Vance from the Half - Life 2 series , Jill Valentine from the Resident Evil series , Nariko from Heavenly Sword , and , of course , Samus Aran from the long - standing Metroid series .
Each of these characters do things that men do and often they do them better .
Female characters like Governor Elaine Marley from the Monkey Island series are strong to the point of emasculating the males in the game , but not to the point of losing their allure and femininity .
In fact , a female in a game with a domineering attitude is often MORE attractive because of it .
The Boss from Metal Gear Solid 3 was one of the best characters in the franchise .
She was integral to the storyline and development of the main character , Solid Snake .
Yet there are also characters like EVA from the same series and Lara Croft from the Tomb Raider series who , though being incredibly powerful and assertive , are still portrayed as sex objects .
( Note the increase of Lara ’s bust over the years . )
Females also assume the role of villains in many games , with such characters as The Queen from Chrono Trigger being responsible for the downfall of an entire civilization and being so ruthless that she would sacrifice her children for power .
Nicole Horne from Max Payne systematically and cold - heartedly destroys the protagonist ’s life before trying to destroy the man himself .
While these villainesses are n’t exactly positive depictions of females , it does show that the ‘ boss of the game ’ need not be a man .
There are hundreds of other characters that I could mention , but you get the idea .
In my opinion and based on my gaming experience , video games are an incredibly progressive medium that have hosted several female characters that activists should extol .
However , these characters are often eclipsed by the negative images of females in gaming .
Although personally I think that any complaints about the depiction of women in mainstream gaming are senseless and that the arguments of those who made the complaints are empty .
There are plenty of positive female figures in gaming .
You do n’t need to look hard to find them .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Eliot Hagen .
A resident 's attempt to get free wireless Internet was the cause of a bomb scare in downtown Carlisle late Tuesday , police said this afternoon .
Lt. Michael Dzezinski said an investigation showed that a " suspicious package " that authorities at first feared might be an explosive was in fact a wireless router in a container wrapped in tape with its antenna sticking out .
The device was found in the ground in the 100 block of West High Street around 6:30 p.m.
Police closed nearby Dickinson Avenue where a state police explosives expert squad neutralized it four hours later .
Dzezinski said it was determined that a resident of a third - floor apartment had placed the router , wrapped to make it weatherproof , on a windowsill in an attempt to pick up free wireless Internet service from the nearby Bosler Memorial Library .
The device fell off the windowsill onto the sidewalk below where a witness found it and alerted police , he said .
No criminal charges will be filed , Dzezinski said .
I often hear people proclaiming themselves to be “ fanboys and proud of it . ”
I despise that statement and it ’s the sole inspiration for this article .
The term “ fanboy ” is n’t an official word in any language and has no known ( firm ) roots , so therefore we have to accept the popular understanding of the term .
A fanboy is described as an individual who has an obsessive and irrational loyalty to a specified subject , in this case games and game consoles .
This is the accepted definition of the term and if you disagree you ’re just going to have to live with it until you can change the majority ’s opinion to match your own .
Fanboys and Sports :
So I started trying to compare the fanboy phenomenon to other forms or entertainment or ideals , and although you can easily apply the term too many sects in politics and especially religion , I found that the term was most easily compared to sports fans , because although religious and political zealots certainly are obsessive and irrational , they are n’t necessarily loyal ; they will abandon a faith or political party if it changes to much compared to their conservative ideals .
So for that reason I went with sports , or in particular ; sports fans .
Any average sports fan usually has a team or player they favour and stay loyal to no matter how badly they do in the sport .
This is highly irrational , if a team or player falls back in their sport it is most likely because they are inadequate compared to the other teams or players .
At the same time if a team or player rises ahead of the curve then they have proven themselves to be superior and therefore worthy of applause and recognition .
And although these superior teams or players have a larger chance of attaining fans , some or most of those same fans will then stick with the team or player even if they fall behind .
Yes there can be several reasons for this such as a physically hurt player , but in the bigger picture it ’s very simple ; the best team simply is the best team .
As previously stated , this mentality is highly irrational .
I know a lot of people will try to make the argument that I ’m not a sports fan and therefore my input in this topic is worthless , however just because I ’m not a particularly big sports fan does n’t mean that I do n’t appreciate the skill and dedication most if not all sports requires of its players … again though that only counts for those that are at the top .
And besides , you do n’t have to be a sports fan to utilize critical thinking .
Fanboys and Music :
I had this discussion with a friend and he brought up the argument that in a way I too am a fanboy when it comes to music , I naturally disagree but acknowledge that there are indeed fanboys in music .
When comparing fanboys in games to fanboys in music you run into a few problems .
First and most notably you run in to the problem of taste , but you have taste in games to and that does n’t apply to the fanboy mentality and so it should n’t in music either .
Taste is purely subjective and ranges from the simples pop and punk to the most complex classical or experimental music , but even the most close minded genre , artist or band fan is able to recognize the good and the bad in any genre , artist or band , even if those goods and bads are subjective .
The more educated music fans will even go so far as to be almost completely objective in their analysis , you often see this in music critics and that ’s why so many people discard them , since they do n’t care how complex the beat or undertones of the song is or is n’t , they just like the sound of it .
But as I mentioned I do believe there are fanboys in music as well , some people will literally fool themselves into believing they like an artist ’s new album even though they deep down were disappointed , this is most often based on the artists ’ previous work and this is where we can apply the obsessive and irrational loyalty description .
How do I know this you ask ?
They might just happen to like the changes the artist / band made you say ?
Well sure , some people do … but others have come out later admitting that they really did n’t like it after all , this usually happens when they ’ve simply had enough or have “ seen the light ” , most people who experience this self denial probably never stop .
Conclusion :
There are many more comparisons I could make , but then this article would be way to long and besides ; I think I got my point across .
So let ’s go back to the first part of this feature and look at the following quotes :
I ’m a Sony fanboy , and proud of it !
I ’m a Microsoft fanboy , and proud of it !
I ’m a Nintendo fanboy , and proud of it !
So far I ’ve only explained my later thoughts on the fanboy phenomenon , but not really my inspiration .
What ticked me off were not these people being fanboys , if I got annoyed every time I met one of those I would be a wreck .
It is their announcement and pride that annoys me , as I ’ve mentioned quite a few times in this blog being a fanboy is highly irrational , and irrationality is basically the same as idiocy .
Thus these people are proclaiming themselves as proud idiots , which needless to say is HIGHLY IRRATIONAL .
And let ’s make one thing clear , the console makers are n’t loyal to you at all .
They ’re loyal only to the bottom line .
They will do anything they can to make money of off you , but in order to do that they ( usually ) have to make you want to pay for their service and / or product , and when market competition comes into the picture you get quality .
If they think they can make better money elsewhere they will leave the loyal fanboys in the dust without even a second thought , it just so happens that because of market competition they usually can’t make better money elsewhere … but if they do that will spawn a whole new type of fanboy relative to that market .
Now remember , all this does n’t mean that you ca n’t have a preference towards any particular console or game .
Heck , I do !
It ’s important to remember that preference , or shall we say “ taste , ” is not the same as fanboyism , here ’s an easy to remember way to distinguish the two :
A fanboy clings to the ship even while it ’s sinking .
A person with preference knows when it ’s time to jump ship .
And that ’s it , I ’m sorry if this was long but I felt it was necessary .
I would also like to add that nothing I ’ve said in this post is based on any type of statistic , but more my own experience and understanding of the subjects , so take that for what it ’s worth .
Hope you liked it and please send me some feedback either to matsp@elder-geek.com or on our forums .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mats Paasche
Retired French accountant André Bamberski waited more than a quarter of a century for the man he believed had killed his daughter to be brought to justice .
Exactly 27 years and 99 days after Kalinka Bamberski , 14 , died , her father took the law into his own hands , judges heard as his court case started today .
The man he blamed for killing her , German cardiologist Dieter Krombach , was abducted from his home in Bavaria in October , beaten , bound and gagged .
He was then driven across the border to France where he was left near a courthouse in the eastern city of Mulhouse .
Bamberski told investigators he had received an anonymous telephone call in October from someone offering to snatch the doctor , but denies organising or taking part in the abduction .
He has been put under official investigation for his role in the kidnapping and appeared before two judges for questioning today .
Police found Krombach , 74 , who had been convicted of the manslaughter of Bamberski's daughter by a French court in absentia – after an anonymous caller with an " eastern European accent " tipped them off .
Bamberski , 72 , who is of Polish origin , and was in Mulhouse at the time , is believed to have made the call .
Krombach was taken into custody , as was Bamberski .
The snatching of Krombach two months ago brought to light the story of this heartbroken but determined father 's relentless crusade on behalf of his daughter .
Year after year , Bamberski , with the help of private detectives , locals and supporters of his campaign " Justice for Kalinka " made sure he knew where Krombach was living and working .
He also made sure the doctor not only knew he knew , but was aware he would never give up .
Kalinka Bamberski died in mysterious circumstances in July 1982 while on holiday with her mother and stepfather , Krombach , at Lake Constance in southern Germany .
She was found in her bed one morning with needle wounds on her arms and a minor injury to her genitals .
Krombach said the death was an accident after he injected her with a substance used to combat anaemia to help her tan .
Her father believed she had been injected with a sedative and raped .
A post -mortem examination failed to establish the cause of death and the doctor was cleared of any involvement .
However , three years later , when Bamberski demanded a second autopsy and Kalinka 's body was exhumed it was found that her genitals had been removed ruling out any chance of further tests .
Bamberski refused to give up and in 1995 persuaded a French court to try Krombach in his absence .
The doctor was sentenced to 15 years in prison for " deliberate violence leading to death without the intention of killing " by injecting her with a toxic substance , but the German authorities refused to extradite the doctor .
In 1997 Krombach was found guilty in Germany of the sexual abuse of a 16 - year - old patient and sentenced to two years in prison .
He was later suspended and banned from practising .
In 2006 the doctor was arrested for continuing to treat patients and sentenced to two years .
When he was released in June 2008 , Bamberski redoubled his efforts to bring him to court for the death of his daughter .
Sixteen months later , Dieter Krombach was delivered to the French courts .
Germany has sought to repatriate him , but the French authorities insist he will now face a retrial in France .
Bamberski is , in any case , relieved and unrepentant .
" I can now smile .
After 27 years of fighting I can finally say in my prayers to Kalinka that the promises I made her are beginning to be kept , " he told his local newspaper La Dépêche after his arrest in October .
" I only accepted a proposition that consisted of bringing Krombach to France because the German courts had refused to extradite him .
I was never aware of the details of that abduction . "
He added : " The biggest part of my fight is finished .
But I will not be completely at peace until he is in front of the court to answer for the death of my daughter . "
Update :
Comments are closed on this post , and the nominations are included in the poll .
Cast your vote on this post .
The results are out - see this post .
Let 's make a list , our very own Top 10 , our "
2009 Humanity 's Shame Top 10
" : things " we " - humanity as whole - should be ashamed of .
What shameful 2009 event should we highlight , so we can improve in 2010 ?
I will take nominations for the " Shame List " , as comments to this post .
Deadline December 24th midnight EU time .
So start posting your comments on this post NOW .
The nominations should concern an event that happened , or peaked , or had a significant humanitarian impact in 2009 .
On Dec 26th , I will put out a post with a poll with all nominees on the top 10 " Shame List " .
Then you can vote for those which you think we should be the most ashamed of until Dec 31st midnight .
On Jan 2nd , I will publish the top 10 with a summary of each " Shame " .
To kick off the list , here are the " Shames " I have collected so far :
DRC : shame on us , on the international community to ignore the violence against civilians , mostly women and children , in the Democratic Republic of Congo .
Shame on the UN in its inability to do anything significant about it .
Sudan : shame on us , the international community in failing to execute the international arrest warrant for the Sudanese President , on account of genocide and crimes against humanity , allowing him to continue his government 's genocide in Darfur and arming fractions in South Sudan , preparing for a new war .
Copenhagen : shame on our political leaders to come up with a significant agreement during the Copenhagen Climate Change Summit .
Somalia : shame on us , on the international community to stop the politicization of the civil war supported by the US through its proxy Ethiopia , and supported by some Arab states through their proxy Eritrea .
Shame on the donor community in its failure to provide sufficient aid to sustain the support of the feeding centers and refugee camps .
Zimbabwe : shame on us , the international community in failing to pressure Zimbabwe 's government to provide sufficient social security , social safety nets and proper social welfare to its citizens , turning what once was the breadbasket of Subsaharan Africa into a well of hunger .
Afghanistan : shame on us , the international community , and the UN , in underestimating the level of corruption during the elections , trying to cover it up while supporting Karzai , ignoring all reports of large scale fraud .
Pakistan : shame on the Pakistani government into armed interventions in the Swat province , plunging the country into chaos , riddled with suicide attacks , displacing over 2 million people , with no hope of a longer term peace settlement .
Shame of on the US government in bribing the Pakistan 's ruling elite to take up arms
Pakistan , Afghanistan and Iraq : shame on the US for continuing the short sighted armed interventions , plunging any country they touch , into chaos .
Sri Lanka : shame on us , the international community in failing to highlight the crimes against humanity and genocide the Sri Lankan government covered up during the last weeks of their civil war .
Shame on the Lanka government in trying to exterminate the Tamil population as a whole , locking up all civilians in camps which are rated as ' inhumane ' .
H1N1 : shame on WHO , for their inability to correctly estimate , leave alone forecast , the impact of H1N1 ( not sure about this one .
If you agree / disagree , leave a comment )
Palestine : shame on Hamas and the Israeli government in equally ignoring the rights of the civilian population during the recent Gaza conflict .
Guinee : shame on the Guinean government in violently suppressing protests through whatever means , including widespread rape .
World hunger record : shame on all of us allowing a record of 1 billion people to go hungry , while the world is producing sufficient food .
Seed and GMO market manipulation : shame on Monsanto and Cargill for monopolizing the seed market , using the US government to introduce GMO - food and seeds into developing countries .
Shame on Monsanto for singlehandedly causing the autumn corn harvest in South Africa to fail .
So add your suggestions as a comment to this post .
Nominations end Dec 24th midnight !
Picture courtesy David Gray / Reuters .
Here is how we will do this :
To kick off the list , here are the " Shames " I have collected so far :
So add your suggestions as a comment to this post .
Nominations end Dec 24th midnight !
Picture courtesy David Gray / Reuters .
Imagine we have an official mission from outaspace .
As they get out of their spacecraft the leaders of our earth welcome them .
For two months , the aliens will tour around the world , at their free will .
Observing , asking , questioning , ... What according to you would be the things we - as a human race - , we - humanity as a whole - would be ashamed of ?
Things we would be unable to explain , to justify ?
Things we would have to bow our head with shame ?
In this post , I had a go at MSF 's top 10 humanitarian crisis highlights for 2009 .
So now is the time to prove WE can do better :
Melvyn Bragg and guests Paul Cartledge , Edith Hall and Angie Hobbs discuss Sparta , the militaristic Ancient Greek city - state , and the political ideas it spawned .
The isolated Ancient Greek city - state of Sparta was a ferocious opposite to the cosmopolitan port of Athens .
Spartans were hostile to outsiders and rhetoric , to philosophy and change .
Two and a half thousand years on , Sparta remains famous for its brutally rigorous culture of military discipline , as inculcated in its young men through communal living , and terrifying , licensed violence towards the Helots , the city - state 's subjugated majority .
Sparta and its cruelty was used as an argument against slavery by British Abolitionists in the early 1800s , before inspiring the Nazis in the 1930s and 1940s .
Yet Sparta also produced poets of great skill : Tyrteaus wrote marching songs for the young men ; Alcman wrote choral lyrics for the young women .
Moreover , the city - state 's rulers pioneered a radically egalitarian political system , and its ideals were invoked by Plato .
Its inhabitants also prided themselves on their wit : we do n't only derive the word ' spartan ' from their culture , but the word ' laconic ' .
Paul Cartledge is AG Leventis Professor of Greek Culture and a Fellow of Clare College , University of Cambridge ; Edith Hall is Professor of Classics and Drama at Royal Holloway , University of London ; Angie Hobbs is Associate Professor of Philosophy and Senior Fellow in the Public Understanding of Philosophy at the University of Warwick .
Show less
Before today , Google 's Chrome Operating System was an exciting idea that than answers . .
We now know much more about what the company is working on and have even seen it in action .
For those who were n't able to make it out to Mountain View today , here are 11 important things you need to know about the Google Chrome OS .
It 's not Available Yet
Every Application in Google Chrome OS is a Web Application
This means there are literally no desktop apps .
Google execs reiterated this point by adding , " third party apps will work as long as they 're Web applications . "
This fact could and maybe should scare you .
All the application CDs you currently have sitting on shelves are useless with the Chrome OS .
If you have a favorite drawing or scrapbooking application , you might as well throw it out if you plan on devoting your life to the Chrome OS .
On the other hand , it 's likely that you 've started using more and more cloud - based applications to get work done .
One thing that 's not clear here is whether or not Google 's own Picasa photo management app will work .
You download and install the client on your desktop and are not usually doing all of your work in the clouds .
Your photos are stored locally , too .
In the Google Chrome OS world , you store them with Google or another service like Yahoo's Flickr .
Google Chrome Browser is Part of the OS Foundation
If you like Google 's upstart browser , you may love the Chrome OS .
They look almost exactly the same , though Chrome OS does add a number of important , operating system - like features .
Google Chrome OS will Offer Easy Access to Apps
A Web browser lets you add shortcuts to Websites on the toolbar , but it is n't particularly good at giving instant access to applications .
Google Chrome OS tries to address this by adding a " Tabs " feature .
These are persistent tabs that keep your favorite Apps a click away .
Panels Are Persistent
Browsers are n't persistent , but Google Chrome OS is not a browser .
It 's an operating system and , as such , can handle multiple tasks at once .
One way Google Chrome OS will do this is with Panels .
These will allow you to play music in the background , play video , and interact with external storage media .
Google Chrome OS Will Always be Up - to Date
Microsoft always recommends you turn on Windows Update , but not everyone does it .
In the Google Chrome OS , there is no choice .
If you 're currently running the Google Chrome Browser , this should n't surprise you .
It always polls for new versions and updates on its own , as well .
Google Chrome OS will Repair Itself
Google said its primary goals for the Chrome OS are speed , simplicity , and security .
To achieve that last part , the Chrome OS will do something never seen before in a desktop operating system : it will , if it needs to , re-image itself .
If the OS detects a malware infection or even just a bad bit , it will get an updated version of the OS from the cloud and reinstall it .
Thankfully , this will not blow away your data and settings , because they 're all stored in the cloud .
Your Data is in the Cloud
Google Chrome OS will not store any of your data locally .
As long as you 're online , it will constantly cache your data and settings in the cloud .
All of that information is , by default , encrypted .
There is a benefit here .
If your computer is stolen , or even if you want to upgrade , you do n't have to backup or migrate a thing .
You 'll have it all as soon as you sync up your new computer .
The concern , obviously , is what happens when you do n't have online access -- cross - country flight , anyone ?
[ See item 11 ]
There is No Hard Drive
Google Chrome OS will not run on spinning hard drives .
Google execs said they 're working with OEMS to create the ultimate reference design for Google Chrome OS machines .
Part of that is flash or solid state media .
A key benefitspeed .
During Google 's demonstration of early code , the company showed a machine booting to login in seven seconds and launching an app in an additional three seconds .
Google Chrome will not Run on Just any PC
Sorry , but if you were planning on converting all your existing systems to the Google Chrome OS , you 're out of luck .
As noted in point nine , Google is targeting a very specific kind of computer .
In fact , even though Google expressed great love for all the world 's netbooks those that have helped drive people toward a more light - weight operating system they have concerns about the current crop of small , affordable laptops .
Google execs said they want to see netbooks with 100 percent keyboards and larger screens .
They said they also want to focus on 802.11n connectivity .
Google does believe that its operating system will eventually run on more powerful desktops and laptops , but not in 2010 .
Stunning footage has emerged of protesters in the Iranian city of Sirjan rescuing two men from being hanged by the regime .
The video , uploaded to YouTube on Saturday , shows a brutal clash between Iranian authorities and protesters that was largely overlooked until Gateway Pundit found video footage of it .
A Reuters report from last Wednesday stated that security forces “ shot dead two gunmen ” in the melee that followed the rescue , but , as Jim Hoft points out at Gateway Pundit , “ the only ones with guns in the video are the regime thugs . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Footage shot by an amateur cameraman shows a crowd of people descending on a gallows where two men — Esmail Fathi - Zadeh and Mohammad Esfandiarpoor , reportedly both convicted bank robbers — are being hanged .
Protesters rush the gallows and hold up the men , preventing them from choking to death , until someone manages to cut them down .
Then gunshots can be heard , and the crowd flees as security officers rush the area .
The cameraman then finds his way to a young man , presumably a protester , lying on the ground .
He has been shot in the chest .
Reuters reported that 25 people were injured in the melee .
“ When you see footage such as this , with anti-regime Iranian protesters losing any concern about their own safety , it ’s hard to imagine the current leadership hanging on , ” writes Joe Weisenthal at Business Insider .
The following video was recorded December 22 , 2009 , and uploaded to the Web December 26 , 2009 .
There is a report today from the UN as part of the Copenhagen Conference that claims this decade is the warmest on record and that 2009 was the fifth warmest on record ( e.g. see ) .
This claim is based on surface temperature data ( from CRU , GISS and NCDC ) , which use essentially the same raw data and then perform slightly different analyses ; see .
Following I have listed below examples of what the peer - reviewed research reports on this surface data :
There are a number of signficant uncertainties and biases in these temperatures when they are used to diagnose the magnitude of global warming ; e.g. see Pielke Sr. , R.A. , C. Davey , D. Niyogi , S. Fall , J. Steinweg - Woods , K. Hubbard , X. Lin , M. Cai , Y.- K. Lim , H. Li , J. Nielsen - Gammon , K. Gallo , R. Hale , R. Mahmood , S. Foster , R.T. McNider , and P. Blanken , 2007 : Unresolved issues with the assessment of multi-decadal global land surface temperature trends .
J. Geophys .
Res. , 112 , D24S08 , doi:10.1029/2006JD008229 .
This includes a clear significant warm bias with respect to quantifying the magnitude of global warming as diagnosed , for example , by the peer reviewed paper Klotzbach , P.J. , R.A. Pielke Sr. , R.A. Pielke Jr. , J.R. Christy , and R.T. McNider , 2009 : An alternative explanation for differential temperature trends at the surface and in the lower troposphere .
J. Geophys .
Res. , 114 , D21102 , doi:10.1029/2009JD011841 .
The conclusion from these ( and other papers on this subject ) is that the claim that the first decade of this century is the warmest on record is based on temperature data sets that clearly overstate the magnitude of global temperature anomaly .
However , the most robust data we have that extends back several decades ( to 1979 ) does confirm that , as represented by lower tropospheric temperatures , the first century of this century are above average in terms of this climate metric .
This can be seen in the below of the lower tropospheric temperature diagnosed by RSS data ( see Figure 7 )
It is , therefore , correct to state that the first decade of the century is the warmest in this record , but it is also correct to state that there is no statistically significant trend since early in this current decade ( where the large spike in 1998 is not involved ) .
There has been warming , in terms of the temperature anomalies in the last two years , however , so it is correct to report that lower tropospheric warming is currently occurring .
Both the RSS and MSU data are available at NCDC .
The latest available global average lower tropospheric temperature anomaly relative to the 1979 - current time period ( which is for November 2009 ) is +0.50C ( UAH ) with the current linear long - term trend of 0.13C per decade ( UAH ) .
Bildung - keine Frage des Geldes
Mehr Humboldt bitte !
Von Michael Böhm
Nicht immer hängt die Bildung vom Einkommen ab . ( AP )
Bessere Bildung durch mehr Geld ?
Diese Forderung scheint einleuchtend , aber ein Blick auf Vietnam macht stutzig .
Das Land gehört laut OECD zu den zehn ärmsten in der Welt : Dort wird im Drei-Schicht - System an den Schulen unterrichtet , die Klassen sind überfüllt , die Lehrer schlecht bezahlt , es gibt keine Lehrbücher , von Computern ganz zu schweigen - trotzdem haben Grundschüler in Hanoi deutlich bessere Mathematikleistungen als ihre Altersgenossen in München .
Das besagen erziehungswissenschaftliche Studien .
Es scheint , dass auch noch andere Faktoren zum Bildungserfolg führen als das leidige Geld .
Nach dem chinesischen Philosophen Konfuzius beispielsweise gilt die Weisheit als eine der fünf Grundtugenden .
Bildung erscheint im Konfuzianismus als Wert an sich , ohne die der Mensch keine Harmonie mit dem großen Ganzen findet .
" Lerne , als könntest du das Wissen nie erreichen und als fürchtest du es wieder zu verlieren " , sagt Konfuzius – in Vietnam gehört seine Lehre zur Alltagswelt .
Tatsächlich konstatieren Bildungsforscher weltweit schon seit langem unterschiedliche Leistungsniveaus zwischen westlichen und konfuzianisch geprägten Ländern : Im Lesen und Rechnen , so heißt es immer wieder , stünden Kinder aus China , Japan oder Vietnam souverän an der Spitze .
Das liege nicht zuletzt an einer weiteren konfuzianischen Tugend : am Sinn dafür , sich zu bemühen , da man erst dadurch seine Würde erlange .
Und in der Tat : Ungläubig , staunend , ja bestürzt sehen wir im Fernsehen japanische Schüler , die lächelnd erklären , bei ihren Prüfungsvorbereitungen seien sie dreimal in Ohnmacht gefallen .
Gewiss : Dergleichen kann man wohl kaum als Aufforderung zum Nachahmen empfehlen .
Aber - wie ist es bei uns , in der westlichen Wohlstandsgesellschaft ?
Untersuchungen zeigen , dass dort Kinder und Jugendliche weniger gern zur Schule gehen , weniger Zeit mit Lernen verbringen , weniger ambitioniert sind .
Das resultiert jedoch nicht allein nur aus mehr Freizeitmöglichkeiten , es ist auch die Folge einer aufklärerischen Kultur , in der Vernunft keinen eigenen
Wert darstellt , sondern nur ein Instrument - kaum verwunderlich , gilt uns Bildung heute auch als Mittel für den sozialen Aufstieg .
Das gab es jedoch einstmals auch bei uns : Bildung als ein Wert an sich .
Im 19 .
Jahrhundert erhoben sich in Deutschland romantische Philosophen wie Herder , Schlegel und Schelling gegen die instrumentelle Vernunft der englischen , utilitaristischen Tradition .
Sie strebten danach , Ratio und Kunst , Natur und Technik miteinander zu versöhnen , und so dachten sie auch jenseits von Ökonomie und Effizienz .
Hierdurch beförderten sie Humboldts Ideal , nach dem sich der Mensch durch Bildung von innen heraus vervollkommnen solle , ohne Gedanken an Berufe oder sonstige wirtschaftliche Interessen .
Freilich , die Quellen dieses Ideals versiegten bald , da die instrumentelle Vernunft auch in Deutschland immer mehr an Boden gewann : Durch die Industrialisierung des 19 .
Jahrhunderts , die zwar Eisenbahnen bescherte und Elektrizität , aber auch Großstadtelend und soziale Konflikte .
Doch bis in die erste Hälfte des 20 .
Jahrhunderts prägte es Generationen von Akademikern .
Selbst Arbeiter orientierten sich an ihm : Die sozialdemokratischen Bildungsvereine , die Volksbühne , die Volkshochschule , all das entstand in seinem Geist - und ohne dass sich daran die Perspektive des sozialen Aufstiegs knüpfte .
Die ganze
Welt schaute verwundert auf den Kulturstand des deutschen Proletariers .
Aber nach 1945 verschwand das Bildungsbürgertum , seine vermittelnde Instanz , im Wohlfahrtsstaat .
Bildung war nun nicht mehr
Wert an sich , sondern lediglich Krücke für die soziale Stufenleiter .
Und wie die instrumentelle Vernunft weiter ihre Schattenseiten entblößte , wie sie die Natur verheerte , Wirtschaftskrisen brachte , Armut und Krieg nicht verhinderte , so misstraute man auch immer mehr Fortschritt , Wissenschaft und Technik - kurz , dem " immer weiter voran " , das Bildung garantieren soll .
Nicht nur moderne Vergnügungen haben zum sinkenden Bildungsniveau geführt , es war auch Angst vor dem drohenden ökologischen Kollaps und den Möglichkeiten der modernen Genforschung .
Und heute , angesichts zahlloser taxifahrender Akademiker , ist auch der Glaube an den sozialen Fahrstuhleffekt von Bildung geschwunden , und er wird weiter schwinden , je mehr die Erwerbsarbeitsgesellschaft an ihre Grenzen gelangt .
Unter diesen Umständen ist es müßig , darauf zu hoffen , mit mehr Geld den heutigen Bildungsdefiziten zu begegnen .
Dahinter wartet die eigentliche Aufgabe : Bildung wie im Konfuzianismus wieder als Wert an sich zu etablieren , sie von instrumenteller Vernunft zu lösen - wieder zurück zu Humboldt zu finden .
Michael Böhm ( privat ) Michael Böhm , geboren 1969 in Dresden , studierte Politikwissenschaft in Berlin und Lille und lebt als freier Publizist in Berlin .
Er schreibt für verschiedene Zeitschriften , so unter anderem für " Du - Das europäische Kulturmagazin " .
Sein letztes Buch " Alain de Benoist - Denker der Nouvelle Droite " erschien 2008 in der Edition Antaios .
More than half of the nation ’s unemployed workers have borrowed money from friends or relatives since losing their jobs .
An equal number have cut back on doctor visits or medical treatments because they are out of work .
Almost half have suffered from depression or anxiety .
About 4 in 10 parents have noticed behavioral changes in their children that they attribute to their difficulties in finding work .
Joblessness has wreaked financial and emotional havoc on the lives of many of those out of work , according to a New York Times / CBS News poll of unemployed adults , causing major life changes , mental health issues and trouble maintaining even basic necessities .
The results of the poll , which surveyed 708 unemployed adults from Dec. 5 to Dec. 10 and has a margin of sampling error of plus or minus four percentage points , help to lay bare the depth of the trauma experienced by millions across the country who are out of work as the jobless rate hovers at 10 percent and , in particular , as the ranks of the long - term unemployed soar .
Meet Ken Segall — the man who dreamed up the name “ iMac ” and wrote the famous Think Different campaign .
Segall is a veteran creative director who worked at Apple ’s agency , TBWA \Chiat \Day , back in the day .
“ I ’ve put in 14 years working with Steve Jobs on both Apple and NeXT , ” says Segall .
“ I ’m the author of the Think Different campaign and the guy who came up with the whole “ i ” thing , starting with iMac . ”
Segall collaborated closely with advertising legend Lee Clow , chief creative officer of TBWA \Chiat \Day , whose retirement was widely — but prematurely — reported last week .
In this exclusive interview , Segall talks about working with Steve Jobs , how Jobs initially hated the word “ iMac , ” and the importance of the Think Different campaign to Apple .
Think Different — The Campaign That Helped Save Apple
Back in 1997 , Apple was just six months from bankruptcy .
Jobs was busy trying to save the company , mostly by cutting back .
He needed to remind people what Apple stood for — both customers and staff .
The best way to do that was a new advertising campaign .
Jobs asked TBWA \Chiat \Day to craft a campaign that reminded the world what Apple was about , what the company meant .
“ It was a pretty pure assignment that does n’t come along very often , ” Segall says .
At the time , Jobs often talked about how successful Apple had been in the past .
“ What are we going to do to recapture the spirit of that company ? ” he asked .
“ We ’ve got some great products coming but we need to communicate to the world what the company stands for . ”
The TBWA \Chiat \Day team quickly came to the conclusion that Apple is n’t like other companies .
It does n’t follow the rules .
It thinks different .
The slogan , Think Different , was dreamed up by an art director , Craig Tanimoto , Segall says .
“ We had a lot of ideas in that area ; it was one of those things up on the wall .
Everyone says , ‘ Huh , that ’s pretty good . ’
Like a lot of things , we were not really sold on it straight away , but it grew on everyone . ”
On his blog , Segall describes how the campaign evolved :
With the concept in focus , it was now just a matter of developing the campaign that could best deliver it .
We went down many roads – with and without a human presence , with and without mice ( yes , mice ) .
The breakthrough came when we stepped back and realized that the spark driving Apple existed long before Apple .
In fact , it existed long before electricity .
The ability to think creatively is one of the great catalysts of civilization .
So the logic seemed natural : why not show what kind of company Apple is by celebrating the people Apple admires ?
Let ’s acknowledge the most remarkable people – past and present – who “ change things ” and “ push the human race forward . ”
Jobs jumped on it pretty quickly , Segall says .
“ It was very special — a career defining moment .
It was very special because the company was in so much trouble . ”
The Think Different campaign became a huge success and ran for five years .
Customers loved it .
It became a rallying cry for Apple employees , and it won every award , including the first Emmy for a commercial .
Naming the iMac the “ iMac ”
Jobs promised to follow up Think Different with a line of unique computers .
One day , the TBWA team flew up to Cupertino and were led into a secret room .
In the middle of a conference table was a big lump covered by a cloth .
After a couple of words , Jobs whipped off the cloth .
There in the middle of the table was a see - through plastic teardrop — the first Bondi-Blue iMac .
No one had ever seen anything like it .
The TBWA team was horrified , but no one dared say so .
“ We were pretty shocked but we could n’t be frank , ” Segall recalls .
“ We were guarded .
We were being polite , but we were really thinking , ‘ Jesus , do they know what they are doing ?
It was so radical . ”
Jobs said he was betting the company on the machine and so it needed a great name .
He suggested one at the meeting , Segall says , but it was terrible .
It would “ curdle your blood . ”
Segall declined to say what Jobs wanted to call it .
Jobs said the new computer was a Mac , so the name had to reference the Macintosh brand .
The name had to make it clear the machine was designed for the internet .
It also had to be applicable to several other upcoming products .
And it had to be quick : the packaging needed to be ready in a week .
Segall says he came back with five names .
Four were ringers , sacrificial lambs for the name he loved — iMac .
“ It referenced the Mac , and the “ i ” meant internet , ” Segall says .
“ But it also meant individual , imaginative and all the other things it came to stand for . ”
It “ i ” prefix could also be applied to whatever other internet products Apple was working on .
Jobs rejected them all , including iMac .
“ He did n’t like iMac when he saw it , ” Segall says .
“ I personally liked it , so I went back again with three or four new names , but I said we still like ‘ iMac . ”
He said : ‘ I do n’t hate it this week , but I still do n’t like it . ' ”
Segall did n’t hear any more about the name from Jobs personally , but friends told him that Jobs was silk - screening the name on prototypes of the new computer .
He was testing it out to see if it looked good .
“ He rejected it twice but then it just appeared on the machine , ” Segall says , laughing .
“ He never formally accepted it . ”
While working on the name , Jobs purposely worked in a small , tight - knit group .
He did n’t want to have a lot of opinions at the table .
He also did n’t do any market research or testing .
“ Apple in my entire time never tested a thing in print or on TV , ” Segall says .
“ Everybody else tests everything . ”
Segall is delighted that iMac grew on Jobs .
“ It ’s a cool thing .
You do n’t get to name too many products , and not ones that become so successful .
It ’s really great .
I ’m really delighted .
It became the nomenclature for so many other products .
Millions of people see that work . ”
Segall says over the last few years , the debate about dropping the “ i ” prefix has come up several times at Apple .
“ They ’ve asked : ‘ Should the company drop the “ i ” ?’
But there ’s a desire to keep it consistent : iMac , iPod , iPhone .
It ’s not as clean as it should be , but it works . ”
Working With Steve Jobs
Segall lives in New York , and spent many years commuting back and forth to California .
During the Think Different days , his team met with Jobs every other Monday at Apple ’s HQ in Cupertino .
“ I ’ve got some great emails from him , ” Segall says .
“ I might publish them one day , but he ’ll never talk to me ever again . ”
Jobs is a very Walt Disney - like character , Segall says .
He ’s best at creating teams — that ’s how he ’s creative .
“ He surrounds himself with creative people and gives them room to be creative , ” Segall says .
“ He ’s an interesting combo of taste , no compromise and charisma . ”
Occasionally Jobs can be scary , Segall says , but he ’s mostly charismatic and fun .
“ More times than not , he ’s a charming , funny guy , ” Segall says .
“ His charismatic , fun side is what makes everyone want to follow him around . ”
But he sometimes freaks out .
“ I was around for a few good flare - ups but they were n’t directed at me , ” Segall recalls .
“ He mostly got mad if things had n’t moved forward ; if he did n’t see two weeks of work out of you .
That ’s when he got annoyed .
Everything ’s in constant motion at Apple .
There ’s always new products . ”
Segall was still consulting for Apple until a couple of years ago when he started working for Dell .
“ Dell and Apple : It ’s night and day , ” Segall says .
“ It ’s a transactional world Dell lives in .
It ’s all about numbers .
Everything they say about Apple making products for themselves is true .
Apple — it ’s about changing the world .
For everyone else , it ’s about the money . ”
Check out Segall ’s blog at KenSegall.com .
A spokesman for the Dubai department of finance confirmed that all options and asset sales would be considered , except for the DP World subsidiary that bought P&O , the British ports company .
" I 'm sure all of the assets of Dubai World will be reviewed , " he said .
" The QE2 is one of them .
It 's part of the restructuring process , though it 's too early to say whether there 's any sale in mind . "
Ilya Kovalchuk : “ Olympics more important than Stanley Cup ” ( Photo © Elsa / Getty Images )
Russian forward Ilya Kovalchuk gave an interview to Russian site sportbox .ru where he talked about the Olympics in Vancouver .
RussianHockeyFans.com offers you a translation .
Q. How often do you think about the Olympic Games in Vancouver ?
Kovalchuk : “ Pretty often , but right now I ’m focused on playing for the Thrashers .
We got into a functional slump and now have to get out of it as soon as possible . ”
Do you agree that Russia has the best attack and Canada has the best defence ?
And what do you expect from the Russia - Canada game ?
Kovalchuk : “ Let ’s wait until February when we face Canada , if we face them at all .
I do n’t think that Canada has the best defence , I ’d rather say their defencmen are the most touted ones .
The Swedes , Americans and Finns have very good defence too . ”
Is Olympics gold the most important prize for you in hockey ?
Kovalchuk : “ Comparing the Olympics gold and the Stanley Cup is hard .
Every player treats these victories individually .
For me as a Russian , who understands how much the Olympic gold means to the country , the gold medal is more important than the Stanley Cup ring . ”
The 7 Biggest Challenges of a Manager
I ’ve previously written about why you might want to be a manager and the 13 skills needed by a manager .
This article explains the seven biggest challenges faced by a manager .
1. Achieving a Stretch Goal
The organization you ’re managing is responsible for something — whether it ’s performing a business process , supporting some other organization , developing a new product , or getting new customers .
There are goals associated with your objectives , and if your organization is aggressive then those goals require more than the typical amount of effort .
It ’s going to take some careful planning for you to figure out how to apply your organization ’s people and resources to achieve an aggressive goal .
You ’re going to have to motivate people , remove roadblocks from their path , and focus them on the things that are most important .
It ’s a stretch goal , but you can achieve it — maybe even surpass it .
2. Bringing Out the Best in Your Employees
All employees have good days and bad days .
Some of the causes are out of your control .
But it ’s important that you take steps to make as many days as possible “ good days . ”
Here are some of the things that you can do :
Treat every employee with respect .
If you have praise for the employee , give the praise in front of coworkers .
If you have criticism for the employee , give it in private .
For all but the worst underperforming employees , make sure that the praise happens much more often than the criticism .
Help employees align their personal goals with their work goals .
Talk with each employee about his or her personal goals : what they want to get out of life , where they want their career to go .
To the extent possible , use this information to help you allocate work assignments .
Provide a work environment that is appropriate for the work and conducive to employee well - being .
A comfortable work environment makes your employees more productive .
Encourage employee communication and cooperation .
For example , in one of my management jobs , I held a monthly lunch for my employees .
During the lunch I updated them on any company news I ’d heard , and I had some of the employees describe their recent work and some of their challenges .
We also had a series of awards .
But these were not your typical awards .
Each award was given by the previous award recipient to someone who exemplified the spirit of the particular award .
There was a “ Gumby ” award ( a Gumby character ) given to the most flexible employee , and other awards for things like putting the team ahead of yourself , most creative outside - the - box idea , and unluckiest employee .
Employees sometimes even created their own one - time awards when something special or unusual happened .
Over time the number of awards grew , and the interchange of enthusiasm and ideas made the organization a happy and fun place to work .
3. Dealing with Underperforming Employees
Not all of your employees will do their best .
Some will have personal issues that interfere with their work .
Technically it ’s not your problem , but in reality any issue that contributes to an underperforming employee is your problem .
You ’ll help employees cope with personal issues , you ’ll provide motivation and counsel , maybe steer them to appropriate resources inside or outside your company .
You ’ll “ carry ” your underperforming employees to a point , and then beyond that point you ’ll have to ease them out of your organization .
You ’ll be humane , but you have to balance the needs of the organization with the needs of the employees .
4. Dealing with Outstanding Employees
Some of your employees obviously outperform the others .
That ’s good news for your organization , but it presents its own set of challenges .
Outstanding employees need special treatment .
You want them to keep doing an exceptional job but that usually means that you ’ll have to pay them special attention .
They need recognition for their talents and efforts .
They need encouragement , training and guidance .
And above all they need to know that they have a career path in your company , even if that career path takes them out of your organization .
You ’ll be tempted to hold on to your outstanding employees and keep them from being promoted out of your organization .
You should n’t do that .
When an employee star outgrows your organization , the best thing for your company is to make sure that the employee finds a home in another part of your company where he or she can continue to contribute .
And ultimately , you ’ll be rewarded for your good deed of helping the employee achieve his or her potential .
Your reputation as a “ team player ” and good manager will grow , and your own career will be enhanced .
5. Hiring the Right People
No matter how happy your employees are , you ’ll get occasional turnover .
And if your organization is successful then you ’ll often find that your budget and headcount will grow as you are assigned more and more responsibility .
Either way , you ’ll need to hire .
Hiring is easy , but hiring the right person is extremely difficult .
The trick in hiring is to get an understanding of how an employee will actually perform the work — not just how the employee does in interviews .
Interviews are seldom a good predictor of work and work habits , so going beyond the interview is crucial .
I ’ve sometimes used unconventional interviewing techniques .
I ’ve done the traditional interview , but then I ’ve tried some things that gave me a better feel for how the interviewee will perform in an actual work situation .
For example , for some programmer positions , I had the prospective employee spend some time with his / her future coworkers , going through a task that the current employee was doing .
Getting feedback from the current employee ( who had a vested interest in finding someone who would carry a part of the workload ) made a big difference in our choice for some potential new hires .
And the process also increased our acceptance rate for job offers , since the job applicants had a better feel for the environment into which they were being hired .
6. Responding to a Crisis
No matter how much planning you do , things will go wrong .
An employee will get sick at a critical time .
A weather disaster will hit your facility and disrupt your plans .
A crime will be committed — maybe a theft or even something that harms an employee .
Planning is a part of managing , but perhaps more important is a manager ’s ability to change plans on the fly in response to changing conditions .
When a crisis hits , you have to be able to deal with it — calmly , quietly and without being overwhelmed by stress .
7. Continuous Improvement
No matter how good your organization gets , it can do better .
There ’s always some type of improvement that can be made : a change in a process , a better working environment , better employee motivation , more focus on the essentials .
If you ever get to the point where you honestly have no idea how to improve things further , then you should either ( a ) seek outside advice , or ( b ) look for another job .
There ’s always a better way , and you have to keep looking for it .
Conclusion
Management is complicated .
It requires skill and motivation .
But most of all it requires commitment — the commitment needed to rise to these seven challenges .
Irony in Language and Thought assembles an interdisciplinary collection of seminal empirical and theoretical papers on irony in language and thought into one comprehensive book .
A much - needed resource in the area of figurative language , this volume centers on a theme from cognitive science - that irony is a fundamental way of thinking about the human experience .
The editors lend perspective in the form of opening and closing chapters , which enable readers to see how such works have furthered the field , as well as to inspire present and future scholars .
Featured articles focus on the following topics :
theories of irony , addressing primarily comprehension of its verbal form
context in irony comprehension
social functions of irony
the development of irony understanding
situational irony .
Scholars and students in psychology , linguistics , philosophy , literature , anthropology , artificial intelligence , art , and communications will consider this book an excellent resource .
It serves as an ideal supplement in courses that present major ideas in language and thought .
WASHINGTON -- It 's Thanksgiving , the start of the holidays , the season of giving - and getting - and many labor union officials have a lot to be thankful for .
Some members of Congress are thinking about giving the union bosses a multi-billion dollar gift - a bailout of failing , collectively - bargained multiemployer pension plans .
No matter that this would increase the federal deficit , putting even more pressure on the American taxpayer and the economy .
After the $ 787 billion " stimulus " plan , the $ 700 billion Troubled Asset Relief Plan , and the potential $ 1 trillion health care " reform " plan , what are a few more hundreds of billions of dollars ?
Who 's counting ?
Representatives Earl Pomeroy , a North Dakota Democrat , and Patrick Tiberi , an Ohio Republican , have come to the rescue of pension plans with the proposed Preserve Benefits and Jobs Act of 2009 .
Even though the Pomeroy - Tiberi bill has not yet had a hearing , and has no companion bill in the Senate , the mere introduction of the bill shows how desensitized Congress has become to costly legislation .
What are multiemployer plans , and why do some members of Congress want to rescue them with money from the federal Treasury ?
Multiemployer pension plans are created and sponsored by unions to generate retirement income for employees of different companies .
Such plans allow workers to take their pension rights with them if they move to another participating company ; they also facilitate consolidation of union pension contributions into larger investment pools .
Although these plans were created with the best of intentions , multiemployer pension plans generally have lower levels of funding than do plans sponsored by other employers for their nonunion employees .
This disparity in funding adequacy is evident in Labor Department data for 2006 , the latest year for which complete reporting is available .
Since the 2008 stock market crash , the disparity has worsened .
While a pension plan need not be fully funded at any moment to be stable , Congress ( through the Pension Protection Act of 2006 ) considers funds with less than 80 % of needed assets to be in " endangered " status , and those with less than 65 % to be in " critical " status .
Among all large plans - those with 100 or more employees - only 17 % of union - negotiated plans were fully funded in 2006 , compared to 35 % of non-union plans .
Thirteen percent of union funds had less than 65 % of required assets , while only 1 % of non-union plans were in critical shape .
Plans in critical status include the Central States Teamsters ' plan , which has 48 % of the assets needed to fund its obligations , the Service Employees International Union plan , at 65 % , and the Sheet Metal Workers , at 39 % .
Included in the bill 's provisions is a " fifth fund , " under the auspices of the government 's Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation , to rescue union - controlled multiemployer funds .
The fifth fund would be used to " protect the reasonable benefit expectations of plan participants and beneficiaries ... to encourage the continuation and maintenance of voluntary private pension plans for the benefit of their participants while maintaining premiums at the lowest level consistent with that objective . "
Notice the emphasis on keeping contributions to the fund low .
That 's to permit active union members to get bigger pay raises .
The bill states that whereas the U.S. government is not responsible for the obligations of the PBGC - which is funded through contributions from employers - the government is directly liable for the fifth fund .
The bill sets no upper limit to the Treasury 's exposure .
This means that the underfunded union - controlled pension obligations would be shifted directly to taxpayers .
You could call it another entitlement program .
The Congressional Budget Office has not yet given a cost estimate for the bill , but the figure is likely to be in the hundreds of billions , because of the sizeable number of large multiemployer plans - over 300 this year - that are in critical or endangered condition .
The bill also would loosen accounting standards , allowing plans to spread recent financial losses over 10 years and in some cases over 30 years .
This sleight of hand would make plans appear to be in better financial shape than they are under present rules .
Unions would come under less pressure to acquiesce in a reduction of future benefits , or to shift compensation from wages to contributions .
Further , the bill would allow certain multiemployer pension funds to form alliances and merge where these mergers would reduce the PBGC 's losses .
Plans that have been financially prudent could lose , because they could be merged with failing plans .
The bill would scale up PBGC payouts to workers in bankrupt multiemployer plans from $ 13,000 a year to $ 20,000 , placing further financial pressure on the PBGC .
The root of the problem is that union leaders prefer to seek increases in wages rather than divert available money to pension contributions , and so many pension plans are increasingly underfunded .
Unions advertise solid pension plans to attract new members , but do not diligently strive to protect the rosy financial futures they advertise .
If this bill is enacted , unions will have no incentive in the future to negotiate well - funded pension plans .
In the guise of helping out workers , the bill 's transparent purpose is to rescue union leaders , so they can shift from negotiating higher pension contributions to negotiating higher wages .
That 's the way union leaders win re-election .
Congressional observers are preoccupied with the health care bill and how it might further inflate our already - bloated budget deficit .
Health care is n't the only uncontrolled spending bill rolling on Capitol Hill .
Walk down any congressional hallway and members seek to spend billions more on their favorite causes .
Just ask Reps. Pomeroy and Tiberi .
The crucifix must disappear from Italian classrooms , the European court of human rights ( ECHR ) has ruled .
It 's a religious symbol that violates the right of parents to educate children according to their principles .
" The court , " reads the sentence " cannot see how the exposition in schools of a symbol that is reasonable to associate with Catholicism could serve pluralism in education , which is essential to preserve a democratic society . "
This is not an unreasonable conclusion , and in fact in a pluralist society children should not be forced to attend schools where symbols not belonging to their religion are displayed .
But there is one key argument against the ruling : hanging the crucifix in Italian classrooms is the result of a legal and political agreement between the state and the Catholic church .
In article 7 , the Italian constitution reads : " The state and the church are , each one in its own domain , independent and sovereign .
Their relationships are regulated by the Patti Lateranensi " .
That 's the Lateran treaty , the agreement reached in 1929 between Mussolini and the Cardinal Pietro Gasparri which established a framework for mutual recognition and cohabitation of the secular and the religious domains within the Italian state .
The agreement , among other things , states that crucifixes must hang in every classroom and tribunal in the country .
The ECHR 's ruling says exactly the opposite .
But because of the superiority of the court according to Italian law , it has the power to supercede national regulation .
And so this religious matter has turned into a political one that concerns not only Italians but all Europeans .
Quite from the Vatican 's reaction – which labelled the ruling " short - sighted " and " ideological " – the ruling provoked raised concern on every political side has generated a lively debate .
Raimondo Soragni , mayor of a small town in the north of Italy , Finale Emilia , near Modena , said that he 's ready to sign a law responding to the European court 's decision , imposing the crucifix in every classroom in his town .
" A court cannot decide on matters not belonging to it " , he said .
" The crucifix does n't harm anyone 's dignity .
It is one of the cultural references of our nation .
I cannot accept that an entity outside Italy decides on the cultural conduct of our state . "
In Italy the ruling has not pitted Catholics and non-Catholics against one another .
Instead , what has emerged is a single strong coalition against the European court 's ruling .
Politicians feel that defending the crucifix amounts to defending Italian identity and culture .
That 's the issue now ; the need for children to receive a secular education or to grow up in an " pluralist " environment is not now being debated .
Pierluigi Bersani , leader of the main leftwing opposition , the Democratic party , said " On delicate matters such as this , common sense risks falling victim to the law .
An ancient tradition like the crucifix cannot be offensive to anyone . "
" The secularisation of the state [ is n't incompatible with ] the role of Christianity in Italian society and culture " , said Gianfranco Fini , speaker of the lower house .
Italy defends its culture and traditions , which includes Christianity and , in the specific case , a symbol which is not considered to jeopardise the separation between church and state .
Europe , on the contrary , looks at general guidelines to be imposed across the board .
This is struggle with many ramifications .
ROME ( Reuters ) - A nativity scene featuring a dark - skinned Jesus , Mary and Joseph that has gone on display in a Verona courthouse has created heated debate in a city with strong links to Italy ’s anti-immigration Northern League party .
The nativity ’s appearance coincides with the League ’s controversial operation “ White Christmas , ” a two - month sweep ending on Christmas Day to ferret out foreigners without proper permits in Coccaglio , a small League - led town east of Milan .
The Christmas scene -- featuring a dark - skinned baby Jesus dressed in a red shirt and lying in a manger -- was the idea of Mario Giulio Schinaia , the chief Public Prosecutor in Verona .
“ History teaches us that baby Jesus and his parents were very probably dark - skinned , ” Schinaia told Reuters .
“ This nativity belongs to a universal Christmas tradition that brings together the whole of Christianity in celebration . ”
The nativity has caused heated reactions in the rich northern town , where resentment toward foreigners has spread as the number of immigrants , particularly from north Africa and eastern Europe , continues to rise .
“ It is a useless act of provocation , just like the suggestion not to have a nativity scene at all , in order not to offend Muslims , ” Northern League farm minister Luca Zaia told one paper , referring to proposals in recent years that town halls and stores should no longer sponsor Christmas scenes .
“ Magistrates have other problems to deal with : I hope they spend as much time thinking about lawsuits and trials , ” he said .
The Northern League , an ally of conservative Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi with key cabinet posts including the interior ministry , has used its growing political clout to secure tough new laws including making illegal immigration a crime .
League proposals have ranged from separate buses and trains for immigrants to banning new mosques and forbidding the serving of Chinese food and kebabs in towns under its control .
Schinaia defended his black nativity scene , saying it was not intended to be polemical but to encourage debate .
“ There should n’t be a white or black Christmas , only a merry Christmas for everyone , of every skin color , ethnic background and nationality . ”
It ’s time to talk about a “ desktop widget ” for the console , and you ’ll have to use your imagination a little bit on this one .
After all , consoles do n’t really have “ desktops , ” and the idea of a “ widget ” on the desktop that refreshes periodically and displays cutesy text , a la conky or gdesklets / adesklets , is a little counterintuitive .
And console geeks dislike anything fluttery or flashy anyway , and the mere suggestion might be somehow irritating . 🙂
But be honest — what ’s the difference between the left and the right ?
( I hope Onyros does n’t mind if I borrow an old screenshot . …)
Both sides have a system profiles , a clock , uptime meters , and so forth .
Arrangement and “ pretty ” factor is slightly different , but the idea is the same .
So how about something a little more challenging ?
How about a disk usage meter ?
or a weather “ widget ” ?
Well , how does this grab you ?
That ’s a lot to take in at once , so here ’s a brief explanation .
In the upper left hand corner are the weather conditions for Osaka , Japan , and next to that is cdf , which is showing a quick disk usage display .
The weather report is running inside elinks , and refreshes every 10 minutes ( even though the weather report itself is n’t updated for a matter of hours .
This is an example , see ? 😉 ) . cdf spits out a new analysis every 10 seconds , although that too is overkill for the machine .
My drive space does n’t change that quickly .
The entire business is split up by screen -vs — which is only the best thing since sliced bread — and so I also have mc on the left , hnb at the upper middle , and tty - clock at the lower middle .
At the bottom are the load readouts from htop , which is in there only because it could be thought of as another example of a “ widget . ”
So how do they update ?
Well , htop and tty - clock update themselves , so there ’s no trick involved in that ( I daresay neither would be very useful if they did n’t update , really 🙄 ) .
cdf , on the other hand , is a one - shot application , and does n’t recur unless I tell it to — like this :
while true ; do cdf -t ext2 -hm ; sleep 10s ; clear ; done
So long as that terminal window continues to run , that will loop through , refreshing every 10 seconds .
I can stop it at any time by pressing CTRL+C , and recue it or adjust the flags or what have you .
Most little one - line applications like that will work fine that way ; you could have a brief upload / download meter display like that , or list the users on your machine , or even just spew out a date .
Trap it in a tiny box in your screen setup , and it will continue on gleefully , for as long as you let it .
What about that weather report ?
Well , that ’s a little trickier .
Taking a cue from Jerris Welt , who wrote a nifty post called “ Scripting screen for fun and profit , ” the same sort of thing is possible with elinks and screen , with some tiny adjustments .
elinks by default , I believe , uses only the CTRL+R key to refresh a page .
We can feed elinks a refresh command while it ’s pointed at the weather reports available here , and using the same while true - style loop , refresh that page every few minutes .
( You will have to hunt down your own METAR code and find it in that directory .
This time , Google is your friend . )
The problem I encountered was that escape codes and control key codes did n’t feed through screen ’s stuff option like I thought they would .
As always , it was probably my fault and easy enough to fix , but it was just as easy to set elink ’s options to accept another keystroke as a “ page refresh ” command , and send that through .
In my case , I used the at - symbol , which means the loop looks like …
while true ; do screen - p weather - X stuff @ ; sleep 600s ; done &
The weather “ widget ” has to be in a screen “ window ” labeled “ weather ” , and note the ampersand at the end of that line .
That forks the command off into its own little world , meaning I can close the bash prompt and it will continue to refresh .
I did n’t do that with the first example because I wanted that prompt to remain attached to the cdf output .
Here , it ’s not necessary , so I can close that and let it spin in the background .
Next step is of course , to trap that in a little box in your screen - vs arrangement and — voila !
you have your own little desktop weather bug that updates regularly .
There are other ways to do this , of course .
You could look at the venerable but nonetheless excellent weather - util script , which reads the same information from the same site , and reformats it in a different style .
Set that to cycle in the same way as cdf , and you get the same effect .
But a lot of people I know have a preference for a web - based weather page , and this would allow you to load and refresh it regularly , in widget fashion .
Keeping in mind that elinks adds a menu bar and a status bar and a tab bar , you might also prefer to look at a different text browser — something like w3 m might not eat up so much space .
And of course , if you ’re not using an 8 - year - old laptop with an 800×600 LCD , you might have an easier time arranging things as you like . 😉
P.S. : This is one of those times when using screen - vs in conjunction with dvtm might be useful ; dvtm might be easier to arrange , might organize all your “ widgets ” together , and might allow you to “ pop ” them out of the screen display as a group , when they get in the way .
You be the judge .
Campaign against illegal filesharers will begin with warning letters only , but with option of blocks from summer 2011
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Lord Mandelson , the business secretary , warned internet users today that the days of " consequence - free " illegal filesharing are over as he unveiled the government 's plan for cracking down on online piracy .
Mandelson , speaking at the government 's digital creative industries conference , C&binet , confirmed that the internet connections of persistent offenders could be blocked – but only as a last resort – from the summer of 2011 .
He added that a " legislate and enforce " strategy was the only way to protect the intellectual property rights of content producers .
The strategy , which will be officially set out in the government 's digital economy bill in late November , will involve a staged process of warning notifications with internet suspension as a last resort .
" It must become clear that the days of consequence - free widespread online infringement are over , " Mandelson said .
" Technical measures will be a last resort and I have no expectation of mass suspensions resulting . "
The legislation is expected to come into force in April next year .
The effectiveness of the warning letters to persistent illegal filesharers will be monitored for the first 12 months .
If illegal filesharing has not dropped by 70 % by April 2011 , then cutting off people 's internet connections could be introduced three months later , from the summer of that year .
" If we reach the point of suspension for an individual , they will be informed in advance , having previously received two notifications – and will have the opportunity to appeal , " Mandelson added .
" The British government 's view is that taking people 's work without due payment is wrong and that , as an economy based on creativity , we can not sit back and do nothing as this happens . "
Mandelson said that the strategy was a " proportionate measure that will give people ample awareness and opportunity to stop breaking the rules " .
" The threat for persistent individuals is , and has to be , real , or no effective deterrent to breaking the law will be in place , " he added .
There would be a " proper route of appeal " for those that do have their internet accounts suspended , Mandelson said .
He added that he did not want to see internet service providers " unfairly burdened " by the new system .
" ISPs and rights - holders will share the costs , on the basis of a flat fee that will allow both sides to budget and plan , " he said .
The staged roll - out of the strategy will see Ofcom assess the effectiveness of the warning notification system on cutting illegal filesharing , backed by the threat of legal action by rights holders and content companies , in about April 2011 .
If the 70 % reduction is not achieved the use of technical measures to cut off persistent offenders ' web access will be introduced by about July 2011 .
Should this system be introduced repeat offenders will be warned they are infringing and then , in a second letter , told that technical measures could be implemented .
Further infringement will lead to the offenders ' names being put on a " serious infringers list " , with ISPs then " obliged to exercise technical measures " .
No timetable was given by the government for the speed with which the process can progress from a warning letter to internet suspension .
When infringers are informed that they face having their internet access suspended , they will have 20 working days to appeal to an independent body , to be established by Ofcom .
The suspension will not come into force until the appeal has been heard .
If the first appeal is unsuccessful the infringer can lodge a second appeal within 20 working days .
Cutting off illegal filesharers ' internet access was originally ruled out in Lord Carter 's Digital Britain report released in June .
However , in August Mandelson 's department for business innovation and skills launched a consultation document that proposed considering taking a tougher stance , including suspending internet connections .
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 .
• If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
So , Star Trek as we know it is , following the cancellation of Enterprise and the eleventh ( or was it tenth ? ) movie , currently on hiatus .
A good thing ?
Most definitely .
There 's precedent for such a rest being good for a franchise : see Doctor Who for a prime example , Battlestar Galactica for another ( I think there 's at least one more but I can't remember it right now ) .
Be patient , give it a decade or two , and I have no doubt a revitalised and bouncy Star Trek will be on our screens once more .
But showing what ?
Well , it 's abundantly clear that the Borg are gunning for Earth and sooner or later they MUST launch a proper , all - out attack on Fed space .
But also , sooner or later the Borg have to be beaten .
A lengthy war with the Borg would , in my opinion , be the perfect backdrop for seven years of Star Trek .
Imagine that : we went to those strange new worlds , we sought out new life and new civilisations , and what we found , oh deary me , it 's got teeth , it 's evil and it 's coming to get us all .
A series that 's no longer about exploration , it 's about running in fear from what we found out there .
So it starts off a fanfare - only a kind of discordant , off - key fanfare which is definitely the Star Trek fanfare but does n't sound impressive but instead , somewhat ... chilling .
Then some sort of variation on the opening monologue from TOS / TNG which explains the above .
Then we have Borg taking Federation outposts and making inroads into Fed space .
Fed scientists decide we need to know what 's going on out there so they come up with a crazy plan to deploy spies INSIDE the Collective .
But we can't sacrifice one guy without arousing suspicion , it 's gotta be an ordinary colony .
But we can't sacrifice a colony of innocents , so what about a whole colony of spies ?
Once inside , they start reporting back - using amazingly faint transmissions which Borg internal sensors wo n't detect but a Federation subspace telescope the size of a star system CAN ( cool ! ) - and hey , guess what : it 's gonna be war , and soon .
The Borg War - it 's big , it 's bad , it 's geometrically - shaped
So the Federation and its allies have to move from a peacable democracy to a war footing so they can be ready for a fight .
This means , among other awesomeness , weapons , and lots of them .
The new Enterprise ?
A warship / gunship / flagship , intended both for battle and diplomacy , to persuade whatever species might be sitting on the fence to side with the Feds or be assimilated in the aftermath .
The new Enterprise is loaded , positively bristling with armaments .
Science tech takes a back seat to phasers and photon torpedos .
It 's built to fight , and move hella fast ( revised warp scale by the way because nines get boring ) , and built as only the first of MANY .
Like , thousands .
In formation .
Guarding whole planets .
Awe - inspiring .
Just imagine panning across one ship 's hull , then lifting to see another , and another , and then a whole fleet in stable orbit around a gas giant ...
I say phasers and photo torpedoes .
But that 's misleading .
Here 's the thing .
The Borg adapt to incoming weaponry .
A given weapon is good for exactly two shots and then it 's all but useless .
Phasers on cycling frequencies ?
They adapt to the cycle .
So instead of reusable phaser banks , new phasers are disposable two - shot devices - which can be deployed external to the ship as autonomous drones - each carrying the impact of , say , half a warp core of antimatter , each hitting on a single unique frequency and burning out immediately afterwards from intentional overload .
Use ; jettison ; replace ; repeat , going through hundreds of single - use phasers and hundreds of different frequencies , each one doing a whole heap of damage , and each frequency becoming useless immediately afterwards .
Let 's say two billion unique frequencies spread over every ship in the fleet .
Phasers as powerful as nukes .
Shading , perhaps , from red to blue as frequencies get used up over the course of the series ?
And not just that .
Fed scientists from any number of different worlds rallied together to build as many different and unique weapons as possible .
Got an idea ?
Go , build it !
Build it in as many variations and models as you can imagine .
Every ship 's armaments non-standard .
New weapons built by the ship 's engineer out of spent old ones ?
A staple plot point !
Tractor - beam antimatter at them , lob rocks at them , rip the Borg apart with giant magnetic fields , anything goes !
Equals varied and intense battles .
Save the best for Earth , naturally .
Of course , this is totally out of character for the peace - loving Federation and many of its constituent races .
This is going to be a major theme of the entire series - when is it okay to fight ?
When do you stop trying to negotiate and start shooting ?
This is going to be represented on a massive scale within the Fed as a whole .
For example , there 's the fact that ( let 's say ) seventy - odd people have been successfully removed from the Collective in recorded history , so SHOULD we be actually setting out to kill these people instead of trying to find a way to free them all ?
There should be conscientious objectors , rifts on every planet ( even Vulcan ) , almost sparking a civil war inside the Federation even as the Borg advance .
Meanwhile the conflict is represented as a microcosm on the bridge of the new Enterprise .
The new captain - well aware that he is following in great footsteps and has a massive legend to live up to - is of the new breed , geared , like his ship , towards combat rather than engineering and diplomacy .
Whereas many of his crew , specifically his second - in - command , are of the old school .
They want to think their way out of situations .
These two leads think very differently .
Sometimes the captain is right .
Sometimes the number two is right .
Sometimes they 're both right and sometimes they 're both wrong .
Eventually the two characters get to know each other 's strengths and when to use them - and eventually it turns out there IS a non-violent solution to the Borg problem , a solution I 'll reveal shortly ...
Anyway : the war .
Eventually the Borg ( who have now started flying , let 's say , dodecahedra ) do indeed take Andor and Vulcan and whatever and , ultimately , invade Earth .
That 's the season three or four finale .
KAPOW : Earth is under rapid assimilation , changing into a Borg planet .
Alarm bells ringing in San Fransisco , imagine the shock !
Picard 's line in the sand ?
Gone !
Sanctity of the home ?
Invaded !
But suddenly !
A last - ditch evacuation plan is put into action .
Emergency massive bulk transporter systems designed SPECIFICALLY for this eventuality transport all X billion people on Earth - one by one - onto ark ships hidden under the sea or the Earth 's crust or Antarctica or whatever , which blast away from the planet .
The vast majority of individuals are saved , but Humanity is on the run with no home .
Mirror Borg
Then , we ( i.e. the Federation ) play the trump card .
I 'm sure you 're all familiar with the Mirror Universe - where good guys from our universe ( i.e. regular Star Trek ) become evil and sprout goatees .
Somehow , everybody in the real universe has an equivalent in the Mirror Universe .
So what about the Borg ?
In this universe , the Borg are an all - consuming hegemonising swarm which assimilates all new people and technology into a single faceless collective of space bees .
What would they be like in the Mirror Universe ?
Presumably , some massively benelovent cyborg race which just wants everybody in the universe to be as happy as possible and achieves this by sharing all their accumulated technology with whoever they meet .
( Brief thought :
While the Borg fight fiercely , they do not in fact seek war , only assimilation .
So while the Mirror Borg are generous , they inadvertently spark conflict wherever they go by giving big guns to small people ? )
So anyway , the Mirror Borg are presumably just about kicking the butts of the evil Terran Empire or whatever it is they have over there , when a small desperate mission arrives to plead for their help .
So they agree .
But it 's kind of a dilemma - what about the universe they leave behind ?
Can there really be a happy ending for BOTH ?
The Mirror Borg help us beat the regular Borg for good , and incidentally reveal a whole lot about the origins of the Borg , something which has been shrouded in mystery for , well , ever .
Everything works out great for the regular universe .
But then the regular Borg find their way to the Mirror Universe , and all hell breaks loose , for better or worse .
End the series there ?
Why not .
Thus we have a peaceful Federation all ready to take on the challenges of , oh , let 's say , the 29th Century .
Throw in some seriously awesome characters , SENSIBLE bridge design ( i.e. acceleration couches and screens which do n't explode , plus , hopefully , explanations for the previous shortfalls in this regard ) , highly trained Starfleet soldiers , clever tacticians , intelligently - designed and - deployed weaponry , more about those spies inside the Collective , plenty about Borg spies inside the Federation (! ) , some romantic arcs , a smattering of cool new planets for old time 's sake ... and I rather think you 've got yourself a season .
What do you want to see in the next series of Star Trek ?
Email me .
Other things we'd like to see in Star Trek
A MELBOURNE baby given no chance of survival has amazed doctors after being saved with one of the biggest long shots in medical history .
" Baby Z's " brain started virtually dissolving soon after she was born 18 months ago because she had too much toxic sulphite in her system .
But her parents and doctors refused to give in to the one - in - a- million genetic condition and stumbled on a highly experimental drug .
The Herald Sun can reveal treatment began a month after she was born and within days Baby Z " woke up " .
" It was really like awakening - it was just bang , and she was switched on , " pioneering neonatologist Dr Alex Veldman said .
Baby Z's overjoyed mother said she had grown into a happy and determined little girl .
" She is absolutely delightful and as stubborn as anything - I do n't know where she gets that from , " she said .
" She has just started saying a few words and is constantly moving around .
" Every day just gets better and better .
We look at her every day and just think , ' Wow ' . "
The first person to be cured of molybdenum cofactor deficiency - a condition that poisons the brain and kills within months of birth - Baby Z has made world medical and legal history for Monash Children 's at Southern Health .
The child and her parents cannot be named for legal reasons and to protect their privacy .
But her relieved mother told the Herald Sun she refused to accept her daughter would die , even when told she had no chance .
" ( The procedure ) was a tiny bit of hope but , when you have nothing , that is a lot of hope .
She might have one bad gene but she has a lot of other good and strong genes . "
Soon after she was born in 2008 , Baby Z's toxic sulphite levels were almost 30 times higher than normal and were dissolving her brain .
After three weeks looking for answers , biochemist Dr Rob Gianello found a research paper by German plant biologist Prof Gunther Schwarz describing how he had developed an experimental drug that was able to save mice with the disease in 2004 .
The drug had hardly been used in animals and nobody had more than an educated guess at what it would do in a human .
But Monash 's Dr Alex Veldman contacted Prof Schwarz in Cologne and appealed to the hospital 's ethics committee to use the drug on Baby Z .
The long shot was backed because the only other option was a painful death .
The Office of the Public Advocate then called on special medical procedure powers - used just twice before - to convince the Family Court to allow the unique treatment to go ahead .
Within an hour of the court 's approval , Baby Z was given the drug .
Within hours of receiving her first daily dose of cPMP ( cyclic pyranopterin monophosphate ) , tests showed Baby Z's sulphite levels immediately dropped from near 300 to below 100 .
Within three days they fell to the normal level of about 10 .
Baby Z's neurological development is delayed due to some brain damage in the weeks it took to find the cure , but she is now improving .
The full details of the treatment are now being analysed for a planned human trial of the medication at Southern Health .
Victorian Public Advocate Colleen Pearce said she was thrilled everything had fallen into place for Baby Z and her family .
Originally published as Baby saved in medical miracle
Atkinson To Appeal Modern Warfare 2 MA15 + Classification
South Australian Attorney - General and video game censorship advocate Michael Atkinson is to appeal the MA15 + rating handed out by the Classification Board to Modern Warfare 2 .
Speaking to Radio National , Atkinson was asked for his views on the recently released game , described by interviewer Peter Mares as “ violent and bloody and graphic and confronting . ”
“ I ’ll be appealing against that classification , I think it ’s wrong , ” said Atkinson .
We have approached Activision for comment regarding the proposed appeal , but they have yet to respond .
The Member for Croydon , who will be challenged for his seat at the March 2010 state election by Australia ’s first gamer rights party , went on to admit he had no faith in the Classification Board to do its job properly .
“ It does n’t surprise me .
The Classification Board in Australia does everything to try to get games in under the radar .
But just because the system is not being applied properly , it does not mean that the principles of the system are wrong .
“ What I want the Classification Board to do is to apply the guidelines properly .
What I do n’t want is the extremely violent , sexually depraved , drug use games in Australia at all .
At the cinema , we can stop people under 18 going in to see R18 + rated movies .
We ca n’t stop these games that are extremely violent and depraved from getting into the home or getting into the hands of children . ”
Atkinson raised the example of “ the Japanese game Rape Play where one scores points for raping a mother and daughter . ”
Mares noted that this game is not available anywhere outside of Japan , even in countries that do have an R18 + rating .
But Atkinson suggested that “ Rape Play ” ( sic ) would be released in Australia .
“ Well , I would n’t put it past the Classification Board to make that an R rated game , frankly , on their previous form , ” he replied .
Atkinson also described an unnamed game in which “ the player straps explosives to himself and blows himself up in a market and scores points for how many people he kills . ”
( Anyone know what game he ’s talking about ?
I honestly have no idea . )
When it was suggested to Atkinson that , as Attorney - General , he would be responsible for drawing up the guidelines for an R18 + rating if it were introduced , and thus he would be able to ensure that such “ extremely violent , sexually depraved , drug use games ” would still be refused classification , he once again reiterated his lack of faith in the Board .
“ I have no trust in the Classification Board to apply the guidelines sincerely and correctly , ” he said .
“ And thus to draw up such guidelines would be to do so in sure and certain knowledge that they would be stretched and then broken . ”
Finally , Mares asked the minister whether he knew the status of the Commonwealth discussion paper on video game classification , originally scheduled to be released to the public in April this year .
Mr Atkison denied any knowledge of why it has not yet been issued .
In the second half of the segment , Mares spoke with Gamers 4 Croydon founder David Doe .
Hit the link below to listen to the full interview .
Does Australia need an R18 + rating for computer games ?
[ Radio National , via Screen Play ]
Big Breasted Jana In Bikini at PinupGlam.com
Jana Defi also called Maria Swan is one of the hottest busty stars from Czech .
I do n’t know why there is so many busty Czech and Polish girls , but I do n’t mind at all ..
Must be something in the water there :) ) )
These Exclusive Maria Swan ’s photos are from PinupGlam.com
ENTER HERE for more Busty girls like Jana Defi at PinupGlam.com
Full Set is Available HERE …
Download Her Nude photos are see for yourself how perfect her body is …
More Busty Babes ….CLICK HERE and enjoy for the rest of your life …
Download some more tits now … .
_
Last night a unofficial launch tasting of Ardbeg Blasda was held at the Dr Jekylls Pub in Oslo , Norway .
Unfortunately I was nowhere close to this location at the time of the tasting , so no Blasda for me – yet .
But I have been most fortunate as to nick a couple of pictures and some tasting notes from the forumpages of the Norwegian Malt Whisky Society .
Regards to the user ioeverga who posted the following pictures and notes :
Colour :
White wine , same as Ardbeg TEN Nose ( 22 ) : Some peat , starting off oily , nuts , sweet , jasmin .
Liquorice steps forward with the adding of water ( one drop ) .
Some grassy / herbal notes come out in the end after heating the glass with my hands , also a powerful aroma of green apples .
Most definately Ardbeg , but not quite as expected .
Palate ( 23 ) : Much more concentrated then what would be expected at 40 % !
There ’s peat , sweetness , liquorice and oily at first .
Aples , cocao and herbs after a while .
Finish ( 23 ) : Peat and herbs / grass , dry .
Medium to long .
The flavour goes towards cocao ( corresponding to the peat in VY , SY and AT ) .
Balance ( 24 ) : Taste = Smell .
there ’s a return trip both in smell and taste .
It ’s a bit lighter on the nose than on the palate , but all in all it ’s a very nicely balanced Ardbeg that delivers aroma and flavour in a very nice way .
Conclusion ( 92 ) : This is good Ardbeg , lightly peated or not , Ardbeg it is !
UPDATE 1 : Another user ( Lars Helge ) has given it 7 out of 10 points .
Btw .
Ardbeg Blasda is scheduled for international release on 28th September .
UPDATE 2 : Changed the date to 28th September ( from 8th ) , as the original information ( from the Norwegian importer ) contained a minor typo .
UPDATE 3 : Official picture of the Blasda ( Copyright ( c ) 2008 Ardbeg / Glenmorangie Plc ) :
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Tags : Ardbeg , Blasda , Islay , Single Malt , whisky
Thanks to Richard Marks for posting the press release .
Humboldt County , CA - Freshwater Tissue , California ’s last pulp mill and the only chlorine - free / dioxin - free mill in the United States plans to permanently close .
The current owners of the Samoa , CA pulp mill were unable to obtain federal stimulus funds to convert the Samoa mill into an integrated tissue plant .
The plant would have served as an exemplary model of responsible and environmentally sound American manufacturing .
Meb Keflezighi heads through Central Park toward the finish line to win the 2009 New York City Marathon , November 1 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Chip East
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Meb Keflezighi won the New York City marathon on Sunday , making him the first American to win the event since the early 1980s .
Keflezighi , 34 , won with a time of two hours , nine minutes and 15 seconds after pulling away from Kenyan Robert Kipkoech Cheruiyot in the last few miles .
Third place went to Moroccan Jaouad Gharib .
Transcript :
Executive :
We 're laying you off because of the economy .
We can't rehire you until you start spending .
But do n't do that until you pay down your debt and rebuild your savings .
In any case , you 'll be unemployed a long time because it will be a jobless recovery .
Man : I do n't see how I 'm supposed ...
Executive : Shhhh !
Surprise us .
Man : I need health care .
Executive : That 's not a surprise .
As money has rolled back into the coffers of the banks in the past six months , they 've come up with plenty of inventive excuses to explain why , in City parlance , " bonuses are back " :
The Beckham clause
Like star footballers , the banks say , their talented top staff are part of a hotshot international talent pool that could be poached by overseas rivals at any time if they are not richly rewarded .
This is suspiciously reminiscent of the arguments used to justify the lavish remuneration of bosses such as RBS 's Sir Fred Goodwin just before their firms hit the wall .
With God on our side
Goldman Sachs boss Lloyd Blankfein ( paid $ 68 m in 2007 ) has given a series of unrepentant speeches and interviews , exclaiming at one point that " we 're very important .
We help companies to grow by helping them to raise capital .
Companies that grow create wealth .
This , in turn , allows people to have jobs that create more growth and more wealth . "
He went on to quip that the bank was " doing God 's work " .
Goldman has since caved in to shareholder pressure and put its pay policies to the vote .
School of hard knocks
Collared at Canary
Wharf to justify their remuneration last week , some bankers pointed out that their working lives were tough – in particular the excessively long hours .
" I work 12 - hour days , " said one .
Much like the cleaners in the building .
Another version of this argument involves the terrifying levels of risk bankers say they are obliged to run .
It 's quite scary investing billions of pounds of someone else 's money , and if it all goes wrong , they could lose their jobs ; thousands already have .
This argument plays badly among nurses , factory workers and others who also put in long hours and have also lost their jobs in droves .
Please do n't let me be misunderstood
Some bankers have shown their sensitive side and admitted they 've been hurt by the public pounding they 've taken .
They say they 're just ordinary guys trying to get on with their jobs in what 's only a business like any other , albeit a fantastically lucrative one .
JP Morgan boss Jamie Dimon said that public questioning of Wall Street bonuses amounted to " vilification of corporate America " .
Diddums .
Was n't me , guv
Throughout the credit crunch , banks have sought to remind the public that they were n't the only villains .
At the CBI conference last month , Stephen Hester , the man with the job of picking up the pieces at RBS , admitted that a bit of humility was in order , but added that consumers must also take a long , hard look at their own behaviour .
" We must all of us get it , " he said .
" Part of the expansion of the last decade was not real .
It was built on an unsustainable tidal wave of borrowing and we can't go back to that . "
Pay up or I 'm off !
This is the argument that top bankers are hard - nosed wheeler - dealers , who would gladly leave their employer and sell their services to the highest bidder , if necessary by flitting overseas .
It 's also widely used in the Mayfair hedge fund industry , including by the " hedgies " themselves , whose latest putative home of choice , with Dubai up the creek , seems to be Switzerland .
Just the kind of committed and loyal Brits the country needs to bring it around .
( Free Online Game )
American 8 - Ball Pool is a billiards sim with Tournaments , Challenges and Time Attacks .
Play against 15 CPU pool players in world 8 - ball and straight pool cups to win trophies and become Rank # 1 -
All this while having a sly pint .
Only the best free online flash games
Intructions :
Aim with the mouse , then hold down the left mouse button and move downwards to set the power - use the scale that appears on the left to judge the shot strength .
Release the left mouse button to take the shot .
You can set the cue ball spin by using the Arrows , WASD keys or by clicking on the large cue ball in the top center of the screen .
Your Pub Rank is based on your best and current form in the tournaments - your Pub Rank can go up and down .
Good Luck !
We 've seen a lot of simulations of U.S. Airways Flight 1549 going into the Hudson River , but a new video painstakingly compiled by an engineer offers the most comprehensive and compelling look yet at the airliner 's short but incredible flight .
When the plane went down in January , it did n't take long before the internet was flush with videos of Flight 1549 landing in the Hudson .
They appeared everywhere from YouTube to the evening news , offering a fascinating look at a flight that lasted less than six minutes and made Capt .
Chesley B. " Sully " Sullenberger and First Officer Jeffrey Skiles household names .
But the latest work by Kas Osterbuhr , an engineer at K3 Resources who specializes in the visual presentation of complex data , goes one step further .
It reconstructs the flight using vast amounts of material , including radar information showing the position of the geese that led to the Airbus A320 losing power .
The result is an incredible series of videos providing an immersive look at the flight of Cactus 1549 .
The main video ( featured below ) shows a 3 - D simulation of the flight from the moment the brakes are released at La Guardia to the collision with the geese to Sully 's amazing touchdown .
It shows the flight from several angles , including a constant cockpit view in the corner , as well as the plane 's air speed and altitude .
The video also includes the audio between the crew and air traffic control and text of the conversation between Sullenberger and Skiles .
It 's an up - close - and - personal look at the demeanor of both pilots .
Subsequent videos provide an overhead view of greater New York with radar returns for all the aircraft and bird flocks in the area .
You can see there was more than one flock in the area and the birds that hit Flight 1549 were visible before the collision .
Osterbuhr notes these types of radar returns often are filtered from controllers – they do n't see them , in other words – to keep the controllers focused on the aircraft instead of smaller things that often pose no danger to the planes .
Smaller returns often are false positives anyway , and there 's a lot of work being done to develop a reliable avian radar system to warn airports , controllers and pilots of birds that may pose a hazard .
Osterbuhr says after 200 hours on the presentation , it turned from a project into an obsession .
He spent many , many more hours on it and ended up with something so exhaustive it even discusses the physics of a Canadian goose hitting an airplane .
They 're definitely worth checking out , and it's worth scrolling through the presentation and reading the explanations behind the video reconstruction and data presented .
We 've provided the main video , but there are several more available .
Image and video : Exosphere3d.com
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tE_5eiYn0D0
" Four shots in my Americano , please .
I ’ve got a presentation due tomorrow at 9:00 a.m. and I have n’t started it yet .
I ’ll probably be up all night . ”
The poor Starbucks barista is probably covering her ears .
Caffeine and nicotine , which work by tweaking our neurons — in the case of coffee , by inhibiting our inhibitory neurotransmitters — are the most commonly used cognitive enhancers today .
I currently use a very powerful drug called caffeine to aid in my non-creative work , and for creative work I do not need additional help , ” says Bruce Katz , an adjunct professor of Computer Engineering at Drexel University in Philadelphia and author of Neuroengineering the Future : Virtual Minds and the Creation of Immortality .
( See the accompanying h+ interview with Dr. Katz . )
I currently use a very powerful drug called caffeine to aid in my non-creative work , and for creative work I do not need additional help , ” says Bruce Katz , an adjunct professor of Computer Engineering at Drexel University in Philadelphia and author of Neuroengineering the Future : Virtual Minds and the Creation of Immortality .
( See the accompanying h+ interview with Dr. Katz . )
Today , a new breed of cognitive enhancers — neuroenhancers , or “ smart drugs ” — is starting to appear with increasing frequency on university campuses around the world .
Nature reports that students are striking deals to buy and sell prescription drugs such as Adderall and Ritalin — not to get high , but to get higher grades , to provide an edge over their fellow students or to increase in some measurable way their capacity for learning .
These transactions are crimes in the United States , punishable by prison .
“ Society must respond to the growing demand for cognitive enhancement .
That response must start by rejecting the idea that ‘ enhancement ’ is a dirty word , ” argues Henry Greely , a Deane F. and Kate Edelman Johnson Professor of Law at Stanford University .
Modafinil — a banned stimulant in competitive sports — enhances academic productivity and significantly reduces the need for sleep to a couple of hours per night while improving working memory .
A University of York web site describes three students — Charles , Nick and David — who each took a 200 mg tablet of Modafinil .
According to Charles , “ After an hour , none of us felt any different .
But then I started to feel markedly more alert .
I could n’t be sure it was n’t a placebo , but then Nick became uncannily good at computer games , beating his friends three times in a row at Pro Evo .
It was no coincidence . ”
Modafinil has proven so popular in the academic pressure cookers of Oxford and Cambridge that close to one in ten students have admitted taking prescription medication such as Modafinil without a prescription .
The academic uses range from increased alertness during exams to stimulating thought processes when writing essays or take - home exams .
“ It ’s not the mind - expanding sixties anymore , ” comments Margaret Talbot in a recent New Yorker article .
“ Neuroenhancers are perfectly suited for the anxiety of white - collar competition in a floundering economy .
And they have a synergistic relationship with our multiplying digital technologies : the more gadgets we own , the more distracted we become , and the more we need help in order to focus . ”
In short , many of today ’s students would rather drop Modafinil than LSD to maintain a competitive edge .
But do drugs like Adderall , Ritalin and Modafinil really enhance intelligence , increase focus , and boost creativity ?
Bruce Katz comments , “ As far as increasing intelligence , this is a… difficult matter .
For example , simply increasing the brain ’s learning rate may speed up the acquisition of new concepts , but will also increase the rate of catastrophic forgetting of older concepts .
Intelligence and wisdom is not just about knowledge acquisition , but in applying this knowledge in the right contexts . ”
h+ contacted Zack Lynch , author of The Neuro Revolution : How Brain Science Is Changing Our World , to ask him about this new neuro frontier .
“ Neurotechnology is the broad term for drugs , devices and diagnostics focused on the brain and nervous system , ” he says .
“ Neuroceuticals is a term I coined to describe future neuropharmaceuticals that have very low if any side effects , so that they may be used by healthy humans .
There are three categories of neuroceuticals : cogniceuticals for memory , emoticeuticals for emotions , and sensoceuticals focused on sensory systems . ”
Why Do You Think They Call It Dopamine ?
At the State University of New York at Stony Brook , a handful of young people who had just fallen madly in love volunteered to have their brains scanned to see what areas were active when they looked at pictures of their sweethearts .
The LA Times reported that the brain areas that lighted up were precisely those known to be rich in dopamine .
Dopamine is the key chemical in the brain ’s reward system , a network of cells that is associated with pleasure — and addiction .
The “ feel - good ” chemical has long been understood to play a big role in the excitement of love .
Brain cells also release it in response to cocaine and nicotine .
Dopamine agonists — drugs that mimic the effects of dopamine — are also used to treat Parkinson’s .
In some cases , Parkinson ’s patients can benefit from deep brain stimulation ( DBS ) , a procedure in which surgeons implant electrodes in the brain to regulate the body ’s movements , similar to the use of a pacemaker in the heart .
h+ Neuro columnist James
Kent does not find much benefit from over - the - counter or legal cognitive enhancers .
“ Everybody has a slightly difference pharmacological profile , and I tend to function best with increased dopamine modulation .
And all the drugs that increase dopamine supply are illegal or are prescription ADHD drugs like Adderall .
I was medicated with Ritalin for most of my childhood for ADHD so most of my life has been an experiment in pharmacological cognitive enhancement . ”
He goes on to say that he does not take prescription medication and he has found that ( for him ) , “ medical marijuana and caffeine are better options for modulating focus than pharmaceuticals . ”
Will Block is a researcher , writer and speaker specializing in the life extension , life enhancement and cognitive enhancement aspects of nutritional science .
In a backwards - and - forward looking multimedia article entitled “ From Grain to Grin – Nootropics : Past , Present , and Future ” on the Better Humans website , Block describes the history and importance of nutritional supplements and other cognitive enhancers .
Nootropics ( from the Greek words nous or “ mind ” and tropein “ to bend / turn ” ) includes vitamin supplements and functional foods that are purported to improve mental functions such as cognition , memory , intelligence and focus .
A good example is Ginkgo biloba : an alleged memory and concentration enhancer cultivated in China for over 1500 years .
Look Ma , No Drugs !
( Or Nutrients )
Neuroceuticals and nootropics are not the only way to enhance intelligence or creative faculties .
The concept of entrainment involves “ the interaction and consequent synchronization of two or more rhythmic processes or oscillators . ”
For example , studies show that trance music has the same effect on the human mind as military drums , causing listeners to dance in unison with simple movements including head bobs , light bouncing / jumping and humming .
A similar reaction is reported for the locking of step and inhalation cycles in jogging ( “ runner ’s high ” ) , or between respiration and heartbeat in high performance swimmers .
Most brain functions can best be described as cooperative , synchronized activity of large , distributed ensembles of neurons , and a large part of this synchronized activity is of an oscillatory nature .
These autorhythmic oscillatory properties of neurons in the central nervous system are a consequence of their electrochemical properties .
The cooperative and oscillatory activities of these neurons can be seen as the basis for the timing of sensory - motor coordination and trance phenomena .
Meditative practices and the use of biofeedback tools such as the Proteus Light and Sound Machine induce the oscillatory properties of neurons .
Kaleidoscopic patterns of color are seen behind closed eyelids and synchronize with pulses of sound .
The combinations of flickering color and sound pulses have an effect on brainwaves .
Both ancient meditative practices and new biofeedback technologies are now being analyzed in dozens of studies using computerized electroencephalography ( EEG ) , EEG topographic brain mapping , positron emission tomography , regional cerebral blood flow , single photon emission computed tomography , and nuclear magnetic resonance imaging .
Intel Inside and Out
A more radical neuroengineered future is suggested by the increasing use of sensory and motor prostheses — brain implants — to deliver input to and output from the nervous system .
Cochlear implants to aid the deaf are a good example .
Theodore Berger at the University of Southern California defines another class of prostheses aimed at restoring cognitive function by replacing circuits within the brain damaged by stroke , trauma or disease .
Work has begun on a proof - of - concept device — a hippocampal prosthesis that can mimic the function of a region of the hippocampus — a part of the brain responsible for the formation of memories .
Such prosthetics may ultimately become the substrate for the mind itself .
Bruce Katz comments ,
“ The alternative is to free the mind from limitations of the brain by the addition of prosthetic devices and ultimately uploading it into digital form .
While it is unlikely either of these and especially the latter will occur in the next few decades , this remains the ultimate goal of enhancement . ”
In a recent Atlantic Monthly article , Jamais Cascio argues that “ the age of the cyborg and the super - genius has already arrived ” in the form of netbooks , iPhones and other forms of access to the Internet … “ it just involves external information and communication devices instead of implants and genetic modification . ”
The bioethicist James Hughes of Trinity College refers to all of this as exocortical technology , but like Cascio , you can just think of it as “ stuff you already own . ”
For many , a smart phone or laptop has become an exobrain with access to much of the information in the world ’s libraries .
Zach Lynch :
There are thre categories of neuroceuticals : cogniceuticals for memory , emoticeuticals for emotions , and sensoceuticals focused on sensory systems . ”
Bruce Katz suggests that cognitive enhancement is a kind of evolution , but not in a traditional sense , “ because with cognitive enhancement we will be taking the first significant steps towards being a self - modifying system . ”
He points out that ordinary evolution develops at a glacial pace , and it is not at all clear that evolution can take us much beyond where we already are “ in the smarts department . ”
He describes how the path from early hominids to Homo sapiens — when walking upright freed our hands for tool construction — encouraged a larger frontal cortex both for the manufacture and use of these tools , “ But walking upright also means that there are limits on the size of the birth canal before locomotion is seriously disturbed .
This is why human birth is so painful relative to other species — our brains are already too big for our bodies . ”
Hence , he says , “ we should not expect to see hypercephalic beings , giants heads perched on slender bodies , walking around in 10,000 years , unless of course we are able to produce them ourselves . ”
Smarts and Consequences
There are obviously profound societal consequences in using neurotechnology by healthy humans to improve their performance .
Some of us will be enhanced , while others wo n’t .
Zach Lynch , however , is optimistic .
“ Like any new set of tools developed by humans , there are both positive and negative potential uses of these tools .
However , if we look broadly at human history we can see that newly developed technologies have extended life spans , improved living standards and made it possible for more of us to live happier lives .
We should expect this trend to continue as we move into the Neuro Revolution . ”
“ It makes no sense to ban the use of neuroenhancers , ” says Margaret Talbot .
“ Too many people are already taking them , and the users tend to be educated and privileged people who proceed with just enough caution to avoid getting into trouble .
In a consumer society like ours , if people are properly informed about the risks and benefits of neuroenhancers , they can make their own choices about how to alter their minds , just as they can make their own decisions about shaping their bodies . ”
James
Kent takes it a step further , “ Right now we are transitioning away from counterculture championing of cognitive enhancement and into these memes being adopted by the mainstream media .
Soon the general public will be demanding consumer - level cognitive enhancement .
It is only a matter of time , but it will probably take another generation or two to sort it all out . ”
This will likely be only the first — and perhaps the most significant step — in the emerging world of neuroceuticals , nootropics , entrainment and neuroprosthetics to boost human intelligence and creativity .
Bruce Katz believes it will lead to a positive feedback loop — enhanced intellectual capacity will lead to greater inventiveness , which will lead to better means of increasing intelligence , which will lead to even more powerful enhancement techniques .
At some point in this development , he speculates , “ We will bear as little resemblance to plain old vanilla Homo sapiens as a man does to a mouse . ”
Welcome to the California Superbike School Forum !
Whether you have questions about cornering techniques or are looking for information about how the school works or just want to talk about motorcycles with others that share a passion for riding , you have come to the right place .
This is a friendly , supportive and helpful forum , your questions are welcomed and will be answered by forum members and Superbike School staff .
Color plays an important role in how we perceive the world around us .
So when you choose to shoot a photograph in black and white , it drastically changes what ’s in front of the lens .
Without color , other elements of the photograph take on a bigger role in telling the story .
Notice how lighting , contrast , and composition are much more important in these beautiful examples of black and white photography .
Clicking on the images will take you to where we found them , and will allow you to see a larger version and learn more about the photographers .
I was reading Noam Nisan 's blog post about the different attitudes of computer scientists and economists .
Noam hypothesizes that economists emphasize research on “ what is ” while computer scientists emphasize on “ what can be ” , and offers the view of an algorithmic game theorist .
I have my own interpretation on this topic , mainly from the data mining point of view .
Economists are interested in suggesting policies ( i.e. , suggest to people , " what to do " ) .
Therefore , it is important to built models that assign causality .
Computer scientists are rarely interested in the issue of causality .
Computer scientists control the system ( the computer ) and algorithms can be directed to perform one way or another .
In contrast , economists cannot really control the system that they study .
They do not even know how the system behaves .
When a computer scientist proposes an algorithm , the main focus is to examine the performance of the algorithm under different settings of incoming data .
How the ( computer ) system will behave is controlled .
When an economist suggests a policy , it is highly unclear how the underlying ( rational ? ) agents will behave .
Therefore , it is important to figure out what exactly " causes " the behavior of the agents , and figure out what policies can change this behavior .
One area that gets closer to economics in this respect is the area of data mining and machine learning .
Get the data , and learn how the underlying system behaves .
For example , get data about credit card transactions and learn which of them are fraudulent .
However , there is a significant difference in focus : Computer scientists are mainly focused on predictive modelling .
As long as the system can " predict " the outcome on unseen data , things are ok .
A black box with perfect predictive performance is great .
Explanatory models are rarely the focus .
In the best case , someone may want to understand the internals of the predictive model but even if the model can be understood ( e.g. , read the rules or the decision tree ) , these rules are rarely causal in nature .
Let me give you an example : Suppose that you are trying to predict price per square feet for houses .
As one independent variable ( feature ) you add average size of the house in the area .
What the predictive model will find ?
That places that have smaller houses also have higher price per square foot .
Unexpected ?
Not really .
Houses in urban areas are typically smaller and more expensive compared to the their suburban and rural counterparts .
For a predictive model , this information is absolutely sufficient ; the average house size is a valuable feature for predictive purposes .
Think however what would happen is someone was devising policy based on this feature .
A house builder would try to build smaller houses in rural areas , hoping that the resulting prices would be higher .
Or a politician in Manhattan would encourage construction of bigger apartments , since the experiments have shown that if average house size is increased , the prices will drop .
Absurd ?
Yes .
Even funnier things can come up if someone uses country - wide data to predict demand for apartments using apartment prices .
The result will show that increasing prices actually increases demand , even though we would expect the opposite .
( Just the effect of prices increasing in places where there is higher demand . )
Predictive modeling can survive ( or even thrive ) by exploiting such strange correlations .
A causal model that captures correlations and presents them as causes can wreak havoc .
So , an economist will try to build a model that will generate causal relationships .
In the case above , a model based on supply and demand is more likely to result in a model that captures the true " causes " of increased apartment prices .
A house builder can see these effects and make a more informed decision on how to build .
Similarly , for a politician that is trying to encourage building more affordable housing .
Often , causal models are called " structural " in economics [ not sure where the term comes from ; I have seen a few different interpretations ] .
They typically start by modelling the micro-behavior of agents , and then proceed to explain the behavior of a large system comprising of the interactions of such agents .
A benefit of such models is that assumptions are easier to check , test , and challenge .
In contrasts to " statistical " models , such models tend to generate relationships that are easier to consider " causal "
An advantage of causal models over predictive models is that causal models are valid even if the underlying data distribution changes .
Causal models are supposed to be robust , as long as the behavior of the agents remains the same .
A predictive model works under the assumption that the " unseen " data follow the same distribution as the " training " data .
Change the distribution of the unseen data , and any performance guarantee for the predictive models disappears .
Update 1 : This is not an attempt to downgrade the importance of predictive models .
Most of the results presented by Google after a query are generated using predictive modeling algorithms .
You get recommendations from Amazon and Netflix as the outcome of predictive algorithms .
Your inbox remains spam - free due to the existence of the spam filter , again a system built using predictive modeling techniques .
It is too hard , if not impossible , to build " causal " models for these applications .
Update 2 : An interesting example of a company
An interesting example of a company deriving policy based on their predictive model is American Express .
They realized that the feature " customer buys in a 99 c store " is correlated with higher delinquency rates .
So , AmEx decided to decrease the credit limit for such customers .
Of course , the result will be that potentially affected customers will stop visiting such stores , decreasing the value of this policy for AmEx .
Furthermore , this action may cause even more economic stress to these customers that are now " forced " to buy from more expensive stores , and this may result in a much higher default rate for AmEx .
This " unexpected " outcome is the effect of devising policy based on non-causal variables .
If AmEx had a variable " customer in economic distress " , which arguably has a causal effect on default rates , then it would be possible to perform this action , without the ability of customers to game the system .
However , since AmEx relied on a variable " customer buys in a 99 c store " that is the outcome of the variable " customer in economic distress " it is possible for consumers to simply change their behavior in the face of economic distress .
As South Korea ’s economy has grown remarkably over the last decade , so have its carbon emissions .
In fact , Seoul has the second highest emissions growth rate in the world .
Such an increase would be even higher if it were not for the country ’s 20 nuclear reactors , which generated a little more than one - third of the country ’s total electricity in 2008 .
According to that year ’s National Energy Basic Plan , South Korea wants to increase nuclear energy ’s share of domestic electricity generation to 59 percent by 2030 .
To do so , it will need to build roughly 18 more nuclear reactors .
As South Korea ’s economy has grown remarkably over the last decade , so have its carbon emissions .
In fact , Seoul has the second highest emissions growth rate in the world .
Such an increase would be even higher if it were not for the country ’s 20 nuclear reactors , which generated a little more than one - third of the country ’s total electricity in 2008 .
According to that year ’s National Energy Basic Plan , South Korea wants to increase nuclear energy ’s share of domestic electricity generation to 59 percent by 2030 .
To do so , it will need to build roughly 18 more nuclear reactors .
Yet the South Korean public is n’t exactly on board with this idea .
In particular , South Koreans have serious concerns about where all of the waste generated from its nuclear plants should go .
What to do with the country ’s nuclear waste has been an ongoing problem for years .
To wit , the South Korean government has yet to select a high - level waste repository site .
And if the time and money it took to decide upon a location for its low - level waste is any indication , it will be almost impossible to do so anytime soon .
All the while , the space in temporary storage pools at the country ’s reactor sites is filling up .
Despite ongoing efforts to expand the capacity of these pools , they will start reaching capacity by 2016 .
Therefore , finding a long - term spent fuel management solution has become a vitally important issue for the government .
Luckily , there is a solution –advanced pyroprocessing and fast reactor technologies , both of which could reduce the amount of spent fuel in need of burial .
The current quagmire in further detail .
At the end of 2008 , there were 10,083 tons of spent fuel in South Korea with an additional 700 tons generated each year .
( About 1,100 tons will be generated annually if and when all planned reactors are built . )
By the end of the century , the cumulative amount is expected to exceed 110,000 tons .
In order to dispose of such a large amount of spent fuel , an underground repository ( and an exclusion zone surrounding the site ) would need to cover as much as 80 - square kilometers , an area larger than Manhattan .
Finding that much free space in South Korea would be enormously difficult ; the country is roughly the size of Virginia with about six times as many people .
Even if such a parcel of land could be found , winning public acceptance would be expensive .
In order to secure a 2 - square kilometer site for low - level waste in Gyeongju , a city in the southeastern part of the country , the government provided $ 300 million in cash to the municipal government , an additional $ 600 per waste drum accepted ( for a total of nearly $ 50 million if the site reaches its full capacity ) , and paid to move Korea Hydro & Nuclear Power ‘s headquarters and to build a proton accelerator and associated research facilities , both of which would create additional jobs in the city .
Only then was Seoul able to begin construction of the low - level waste facility ( that is estimated to cost at least $ 1.5 billion ) .
Obviously , if South Korea were to use a similar process to find a final disposal site for its more highly radioactive material , which would require 30 - 40 times more space , the costs would be astronomical .
Clearly then , a more effective and efficient disposal option that reduces both the area required for spent fuel disposal and the time necessary to decrease its radioactivity is needed .
Enter pyroprocessing and fast reactors .
In December 2008 , South Korea ’s Atomic Energy Commission , which is the country ’s top nuclear policymaking body and is chaired by the prime minister , issued a long - term research and development plan [ in Korean ] for a next - generation domestic nuclear system .
The system would be based on pyroprocessing –an advanced spent fuel recycling technique–and fast reactors that operate in “ burner ” mode and can use such recycled spent fuel to generate electricity .
1
The commission mandated that a demonstration of the technical and economic viability of both technologies be completed by 2028 .
Pyroprocessing differs completely from conventional spent fuel reprocessing ( and its associated proliferation dangers ) because it does n’t produce a pure stream of separated plutonium .
In pyroprocessing , spent fuel is cut into pieces , heated , and turned into a powder .
This process burns off volatile fission products such as krypton and xenon as well as some semi-volatile fission products such as iodine and cesium .
( The hotter the process , the more is burned off . )
The powder is then transformed into a metal and placed in a molten bath of lithium and potassium chloride salts .
An electric current is run through the bath to dissolve the radioactive metal and to separate its elements in several stages , beginning with the recovery of uranium .
This operation continues until the concentration of transuranics ( plutonium , neptunium , americium , and curium ) in the molten salt reaches a level where they also can be separated from the bath , along with a significant amount of fission products ( cerium , neodymium , and lanthanum ) .
It then can be directly refabricated into metallic fuel for use in fast reactors without any further processing or purification .
As such , South Korea would be able to drastically reduce the volume and heat load of the spent fuel it pyroprocesses and reuses in fast reactors , allowing it to make a future spent fuel repository up to 100 times smaller than a repository filled with spent fuel that does n’t undergo such a treatment .
Resulting radioactive waste would decay to the level of natural uranium in roughly 300 years rather than 300,000 years .
Plus , the resulting pyroprocessed product is proliferation resistant , since it ’s thermally and radioactively far too hot to use for a weapon .
It also generates too many spontaneous neutrons from the small amount of curium left in the material , which severely limits any yield if the material were weaponized .
( For a complete breakdown on pyroprocessing and fast reactors , see this U.S. Energy Department report . )
The proliferation - resistance of pyroprocessing is especially important for South Korea , as it prepares to renegotiate its civil nuclear cooperation agreement with the United States , which expires in 2014 .
Under this agreement , Seoul needs prior consent from Washington to conduct experiments using U.S. - origin spent fuel and effectively seeks such consent for any potentially controversial nuclear experiments .
How to further develop pyroprocessing .
Despite the advantages of pyroprocessing , it has never yet been used outside the lab or at commercial scale .
Therefore , the technology still needs to be fully developed , exactly what the Korea Atomic Energy Research Institute ( KAERI ) is doing .
A laboratory - scale electrolytic reduction system is ready for active demonstration but still needs U.S. support before it begins operating .
South Korean scientists are working on techniques that will allow the reuse of the molten salts and KAERI has developed a system with Los Alamos National Laboratory to account for and track the recycled material .
KAERI also is involved in a joint research and development program with the International Atomic Energy Agency to develop efficient safeguarding systems for future pyroprocessing facilities .
All of these innovative concepts will be incorporated into an engineering - scale , mock - up facility scheduled to be built by 2011 to verify its technical and economic viability .
A viable and expanded nuclear energy infrastructure –complete with pyroprocessing and fast reactors –would allow South Korea to continue its robust economic expansion and help manage its greenhouse gas emissions .
It would also allow the country to become a leading developer of next - generation nuclear technologies , a good strategy for a future where concern about climate change , dwindling fossil fuels , and growing energy demand become paramount .
1 Editor ’s note :
The term “ recycling ” is increasingly being used to replace the term “ reprocessing , ” which is perceived by nuclear power advocates as having a negative connotation .
The two terms , however , describe the variety of processes that extract plutonium and uranium from spent nuclear fuel for reuse in nuclear power reactors .
The term reprocessing is particularly sensitive in South Korea due to its agreements with North Korea and the United States .
Tim Langdell , founder of EDGE Games and former IDGA board member , is evidently not a big believer in freedom of speech -- at least , not in respect to the word " edge . "
After managing to remove Mobigames ' EDGE from the iPhone app store for a few months under the pretense of copyright infringement , Langdell is now going after PuzzleKings ' Killer Edge Racing , yet another app to have committed the unforgivable sin of using a word Tim Langdell thinks he has a monopoly on .
According to gamesindustry .biz , Langdell is now applying for a trademark for the name " Killer Edge Racing " in order to force PuzzleKings to drop the title altogether .
In a charmingly creative move , a slew of indie devs have decided to protest Langdell 's greedy idiocy by using his own whininess against him .
Critter Crunch is now Critter Credge , according to the game 's official Web site ; Polytron recently announced that 2.5D platformer Fez will now be called Fedge , Canabalt is now Canabedge , and so on .
You can find a relatively complete summary of all the indie game name changes here .
Distress over not having enough is all - too - common — even among the wealthy .
Later in the month , the American Medical Association reversed a longtime position and urged the federal government to remove marijuana from Schedule One of the Controlled Substances
Act , which equates it with heroin and cocaine .
" This issue is breaking out in a remarkably rapid way now , " said Ethan Nadelmann , executive director of the Drug Policy Alliance .
" Public opinion is changing very , very rapidly . "
The shift is widely described as generational .
A Gallup poll in October found 44 percent of Americans favor full legalization of marijuana -- a rise of 13 points since 2000 .
Gallup said that if public support continues growing at a rate of 1 to 2 percent per year , " the majority of Americans could favor legalization of the drug in as little as four years . "
A 53 percent majority already does so in the West , according to the survey .
The finding heartens advocates collecting signatures to put the question of legalization before California voters in a 2010 initiative .
At last week 's International Drug Reform Conference , activists gamed specific proposals for taxing and regulating pot along the lines of cigarettes and alcohol , as a bill pending in the California Legislature would do .
The measure is not expected to pass , but in urging its serious debate , Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger ( R ) gave credence to a potential revenue source that the state 's tax chief said could raise $ 1.3 billion in the recession , which advocates describe as a boon .
There were also tips on lobbying state legislatures , where measures decriminalizing possession of small amounts have passed in 14 states .
Activists predict half of states will have laws allowing possession for medical purposes in the near future .
Interest in medical marijuana and easing other marijuana laws picked up markedly about 18 months ago , but advocates say the biggest surge came with the election of Barack Obama , the third straight president to acknowledge having smoked marijuana , and the first to regard it with anything like nonchalance .
" As a kid , I inhaled , " Barack Obama famously said on the campaign .
" That was the whole point . "
In office , Obama made good on a promise to halt federal prosecutions of medical marijuana use where permitted by state law .
That has recalibrated the federal attitude , which had been consistently hostile to marijuana since the early 1970s , when President Richard Nixon cast aside the recommendations of a presidential commission arguing against lumping pot with hard drugs .
Allen St. Pierre , the executive director of the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws , said he was astonished recently to be invited to contribute thoughts to the Office of National Drug Control Policy .
Obama 's drug czar , Gil Kerlikowske , was police chief in Seattle , where voters officially made enforcement of marijuana laws the lowest priority .
" I 've been thrown out of the ONDCP many times , " St. Pierre said .
" Never invited to actually participate . "
Anti-drug advocates counter with surveys showing high school students nationwide already are more likely to smoke marijuana than tobacco -- and that the five states with the highest rate of adolescent pot use permit medical marijuana .
" We are in the prevention business , " said Arthur Dean , chairman of the Community Anti-Drug Coalitions of America .
" Kids are getting the message tobacco 's harmful , and they 're not getting the message marijuana is . "
In Los Angeles , city officials are dealing with elements of public backlash after more than 1,000 medical marijuana dispensaries opened , some employing in - house physicians to dispense legal permission to virtually all comers .
The boom town atmosphere brought complaints from some neighbors , but little of the crime associated with underground drug - dealing .
Advocates cite the latter as evidence that , as with alcohol , violence associated with the marijuana trade flows from its prohibition .
" Seriously , " said Bruce Mirken , communications director for the Marijuana Policy Project , an advocacy group based in the District , " there is a reason you do n't have Mexican beer cartels planting fields of hops in the California forests . "
But the controversy over the dispensaries also has put pressure on advocates who specifically champion access for ailing patients , not just those who champion easing marijuana laws .
" I do n't want to say we keep arm 's length from the other groups .
You end up with all of us in the same room , " said Joe Elford , counsel for Americans for Safe Access , which has led the court battle for medical marijuana and is squaring off with the Los Angeles City Council .
" It 's a very broad - based movement . "
Note : Approval for medical use expands alongside criticism of prohibition .
Source : Washington Post ( DC )
Author : Karl Vick , Washington Post Staff Writer
Published : Monday , November 23 , 2009
Copyright : 2009 Washington Post
Contact : letters@washpost.com
Website : http://www.washingtonpost.com/
URL : http://drugsense.org/url/uMFxiiN5
CannabisNews -- Cannabis Archives
http://cannabisnews.com/news/list/cannabis.shtml
Posted on November 17th , 2009
For too long , wine has been the sole companion to fine dining , while beer has been relegated to tailgates and parties .
Do n’t get me wrong , nothing beats a beer on its own when you ’re relaxing with your friends , but that ’s not all beer can do .
Beer pairs amazingly well with a variety of foods .
Enjoying a great meal with the proper beer can enhance them both , making a good dining experience into a great dining experience .
Today we ’re going to look at the basics of how to pair beer with food .
When pairing food with beer , there are two basic approaches .
The first is to match the flavors of your food with similar flavors in your beer , and the second is to contrast the flavors of your meal with a beer on the flip side of the palate .
To better illustrate these ideas , let ’s take a look at an example - pairing beer with Indian cuisine .
Spicy Indian dishes like chana masala or chicken korma are delicious , but they do n’t always go well with wine .
Hot and spicy foods are notoriously difficult to pair with wine , but beer makes a great companion .
The spicy hops in an India Pale Ale can match the spices and the herbs in the food perfectly .
The similar flavors from both are blended together on your palate to create a fusion of spicy goodness ; this is what matching flavors is all about .
A great IPA to pair with Indian food is Hazed & Infused from Boulder Beer Co. , which has some wonderfully bitter Crystal and Centennial hops in it .
Instead of pairing a meal with a beer that will match the flavors of the food , you can pick a beer that will offer a contrast in flavor , something that will balance out the spiciness of Indian cuisine and refresh the palate .
The fruity , crisp flavors of a hefeweizen like Paulaner make a great counterpoint to curry and other intense Indian flavors .
It cleans the taste buds with its intense carbonation and cools them down with flavors of banana and cloves .
Even if Indian food ’s not your thing , this example should give a basic idea of how food pairing works .
Once you understand the concept of matching and contrasting different flavors it ’s time to experiment with the pairings you like best .
There is no ‘ right ’ or ‘ wrong ’ way to do it .
One thing to keep in mind though is to keep the intensity of the food flavors consistent with the intensity of the beer flavors .
Do n’t let your beer overpower your meal ( or vicea versa . )
A big hoppy and malty barleywine like Big Foot from Sierra Nevada can certainly offer a contrast to many different meals , but that does n’t mean it ’s the best thing to pair it with a subtle dish like lobster .
If enjoyed together the barleywine will undoubtedly dominate your palate , drowning out the lobster ’s delicate flavors and hurting the meal .
A more subtle and nuanced beer like Chimay ’s Belgian Triple would help bring out the complicated flavors in seafood .
A beer as bold as Big Foot would properly do well against a meal with a similar level of intensity such as barbecue pork , which matches the sweet and spicy flavors of the beer .
This is just a suggestion though , to discover what you like you should explore as many beer and food pairings as you can .
What are some of your favorite beer and food pairings ?
Let us know next time you try it by tweeting what you drank and adding the ‘ # mybeer ’ hashtag .
On Thursday , we ’re going to take a more in depth look at how to pair beer with a meal many of us well be enjoying next week - Thanksgiving .
Be sure to tune in then for suggestions on what beers go best with traditional Thanksgiving favorites .
WASHINGTON — Sen. Joe Lieberman ’s ( I - CT ) staunch refusal to support both the public option and the Medicare buy - in compromise , thereby killing both programs , has sent the progressive base into a fury , eager to toss him out of office .
The liberal advocacy group MoveOn.org on Thursday announced that it had raised more than $ 1 million in a campaign drive to target Joe Lieberman for “ single - handedly gutting health reform , ” as they accused him of doing in their first e-mail to members Tuesday .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ First , we ’re going to launch a huge ad campaign , ” Tuesday ’s e-mail read , “ to make sure every last Connecticut voter knows that Senator Lieberman is blocking strong reforms .
Then , we ’ll push Senate leaders to strip him of his chairmanship and seniority .
Finally , we ’ll work to defeat him in his next election . ”
“ Joe Lieberman ca n’t be allowed to stay in the U.S. Senate , ” MoveOn declared .
Less than 24 hours later , the group claimed to have raised $ 650,000 “ to send Lieberman home for good . ”
Before another 24 hours were up , it had hit the $ 1 million mark .
The rivalry between the liberal netroots and Lieberman goes back several years to 2006 , when progressive activists helped U.S. Senate candidate Ned Lamont defeat Lieberman in Connecticut ’s Democratic primary .
Lieberman , however , had the last laugh as he ran as an Independent in the general election and won .
ADVERTISEMENT
A number of respected progressive writers and policy wonks — including Paul Krugman and Ezra Klein — have tallied up Lieberman ’s adamant opposition to the bill ’s liberal priorities as a sign of his lingering bitterness toward the base .
MoveOn released this sock - puppet caricature video of Lieberman on Thursday :
Why should I choose BodyFit ?
For a fraction of the price of a personal trainer , Body Fit provides training customized to match your goals .
And since many of our fitness plans and programs can be done from the comfort of your home , even a gym membership is optional .
We realize there are free workouts available elsewhere online , but what sets us apart from everyone else is that our trainers , workouts , and recommendations have been powering world - class workouts for 20 years .
We offer workouts , programs , and nutrition and supplementation guides that are thoroughly researched , tested in the trenches , and rigorously reviewed before we bring them to you .
We know they work for us , and you ’ve let us know they work for you .
Body
Fit is how we can continue to provide you with your best workouts for the next two decades !
17 % women and 9 % men had nothing discernibly wrong with their appliances .
Men and women have different approaches to dealing with technology problems , according to a gadget helpline .
The service found that 64 % of its male callers and 24 % of its female callers had not read the instruction manual before ringing up .
12 % of male and 7 % of female customers simply needed to plug in or turn on their appliance .
The company , Gadget Helpline , surveyed 75,000 calls received between 25 September and 23 October 2009 .
The helpline has 120,000 subscribers in the UK , most of whom are over the age of 35 .
The average age of helpline staff is 21 .
Women spent 32 % longer on the phone to their helpers than men - but 66 % of the helpline staff preferred speaking to them , the survey found .
" There is evidence of a gender divide in technology , although a lot of it comes down to interpretation , " Joanna Bawa , chartered psychologist and editor of the Usability News website , told the BBC .
In general terms men treat technology as something to be understood and conquered while women are more motivated by appliances that benefit them , she added .
Sync stress
The helpline 's busiest times are Monday mornings and Boxing day , said founder and chief executive Crispin Thomas .
Getting gadgets to communicate with each other was the subject of a large number of requests for help .
" Syncing one gadget with another causes problems , " he said .
Newly released products also seem to cause teething problems - many of Mr Thomas ' customers had difficulty setting up their Blu - Ray players in 2008 when they first became mass market .
He does not believe that appliances are becoming more complicated , but thinks that they are expected to do a lot more .
" Generally speaking , in a production run , 5 % of appliances will contain a manufacturing fault , " he added .
" But 15 % - 20 % get taken back to the shop for return . "
From The Newshour with Jim Lehrer -- TV , Radio Talkers Shaping Political Discourse in U.S.
It was nice to see Thom Hartmann and Media Matters ' Eric Burns featured in this segment .
They both did a great job here .
ROGER HEDGECOCK , Radio America : I like Glenn Beck personally .
And I like that his TV show , in that he is speaking truth to power .
That 's his attitude .
He really is trying to overturn the apple carts .
Beck is a persistent critic of the president and his policies .
Among much else , he helped rally opponents to show up and speak up at this summer 's town hall meetings on health care , and led the way on exposing problems with ACORN , the community organizing group that ran into numerous public controversies .
All of these talk show hosts far exceed the numbers of their liberal counterparts .
And , as the numbers grow , so has the attention in other media , and Beck 's seeming influence on the national agenda .
JEFFREY BROWN : Since moving from CNN Headline News to FOX last year , Beck has successfully built up his cable TV audience .
He now reaches almost three million viewers with his 5:00 p.m. show , unseating FOX's Sean Hannity for the number - two spot , right behind the network 's Bill O'Reilly .
On radio , Beck 's audience of nine million is second only to Rush Limbaugh .
I 'm saying he has a problem .
He has a -- this guy is , I believe , a racist .
GLENN BECK : ... is that there are Marxist revolutionaries who have dedicated themselves to principles that will destroy our nation as we know it .
JEFFREY BROWN : ... and , most of all , for his over - the - top style and words , which , for many , push the limits of acceptable public rhetoric .
JEFFREY BROWN :
In a multimedia world of talk and more talk , the latest big talker is Glenn Beck , known for his folksiness and emotion , which sometimes spills over to tears ...
GLENN BECK , Host , " Glenn Beck " :
If it was n't for FOX or talk radio , we would be done as a republic .
JEFFREY BROWN : Roger Hedgecock is a nationally syndicated conservative talk show host carried on 100 stations through the Radio America network .
He recently joined dozens of other talk show hosts to broadcast live from Capitol Hill , addressing their discontent with the Obama administration 's immigration policies .
Beck and others , says Hedgecock , are giving the public something it otherwise does n't get .
ROGER HEDGECOCK : I mean , where in the mainstream press are we actually getting investigative reporting of who 's behind Barack Obama ?
What is -- who are the elements of his coalition ?
Why do so many of them appear to be self - avowed socialists and communists , in a way that suddenly we can't talk about without getting labeled , without having our advertisers attacked ?
This is fascism , in a way .
JEFFREY BROWN : That kind of rhetoric , says Thom Hartmann , a progressive radio host , is both uncivil and dangerous .
Hartmann reaches 60 stations nationally on his daily show .
THOM HARTMANN , radio talk show host :
There are some people who will use the excuse of it being show business to be very irresponsible and present things that are not news , things that are not fact as if they were fact .
I 'm concerned that , in the United States , demagogues are -- are reaching out to people who are appropriately frightened and concerned about their economic situation , and telling them that the people they should blame are actually the people who are trying to help .
You have got people standing in the streets , saying , well , you know , Glenn Beck told me that this is -- this is some evil plot .
MICHAEL HARRISON , editor and publisher , Talkers : Yelling , screaming , insulting , not always checking its facts .
And I say , what else is new ?
JEFFREY BROWN : Michael Harrison , publisher of Talkers magazine , a leading industry trade publication , says that some historical perspective is necessary .
Advocacy and sharp opinion have had a place in American journalism from its beginnings , sometimes attracting huge audiences .
Harrison points to the broadcasts of Father Charles Coughlin , whose hate - filled rants against Jews and others drew some 40 million listeners in the 1930s .
FATHER CHARLES COUGHLIN :
So that the people would drive the money - changers from the temple , and you did it !
MICHAEL HARRISON : Radio , popular radio in America , all the way back to the '30s , has been a street medium .
It 's always been the medium of the street , reflecting populism .
So , what you hear on radio and what you 're seeing now on cable news talk television , which is really an extension of talk radio , is just the First Amendment in action .
JEFFREY BROWN : In some ways , says Kathleen Hall Jamieson , who studies public rhetoric at the University of Pennsylvania 's Annenberg Public Policy Center , and often helps analyze it for us , today 's sharp - edged talk does come with advantages .
KATHLEEN HALL JAMIESON :
To the extent that opinion talkers argue from one clear ideological point of view , they increase the likelihood that their listeners understand that ideology , are able to see politics through that ideology , and , as a result , that politics is coherent for them .
That 's important , because it increases engagement , and that 's a positive effect .
JEFFREY BROWN : But , Jamieson says , it 's engagement of a certain kind .
KATHLEEN HALL JAMIESON :
The downside occurs when this type of insulating discourse is used to tag the other side , the opposition , as more different than it actually is from the listener .
It polarizes .
So , the audience becomes locked up in its own little ideological world .
The rhetoric becomes more shrill , more strident .
It becomes hysterical and hyperbolic .
And then one 's sense of that as appropriate discourse is something that one begins to feel .
One think that it 's appropriate to ridicule the other side , to demonize the other side .
One stops calling it ridicule and demonization .
One starts to think that that 's how we talk politics .
JEFFREY BROWN : And , of course , there 's the rub for many , if what we see and hear in the talk - fests is actually how we increasingly talk and do politics .
One response from a cable news heavyweight , CNN's Lou Dobbs :
What 's wrong with that ?
Dobbs , who 's made himself a lightening rod for his oft - stated blasts against immigration policy , added a radio program to his portfolio last year , and has built an audience of 160 stations .
LOU DOBBS :
That 's one of the great things about talk radio , is that people , whether they 're the talk show hosts , or whether they 're the listeners , the callers , are speaking forthrightly .
And I think we need more of that , not less of it , in this country .
We have now a body politic constrained by some sort of political correctness that seems to seek to control thought and expression .
We need to break away from that .
I do n't mean to be profane and to be ugly in our speech , but we certainly need to be direct , and , yes , even salty .
JEFFREY BROWN : But Eric Burns of Media Matters , a liberal watchdog group , says the breaking away goes too far .
ERIC BURNS : That 's one of the biggest problems that we see with folks like Lou Dobbs , Glenn Beck , and other personalities in the conservative movement , is they are regularly peddling conspiracies theories , lies , smear campaigns .
And this is -- these are provably wrong information that make its way into mainstream media , that makes its way into people 's homes , into their living rooms , where they 're turning on their television sets expecting to get news , and they 're not getting news .
They 're getting propaganda .
JEFFREY BROWN : Another argument sometimes put forward is that all this talk , after all , is just a form of entertainment , and most of us know the difference .
GLENN BECK : But that 's just me , you know , your typical white , hate - mongering bigot clinging to God and my guns .
JEFFREY BROWN : Glenn Beck has long worked as a stand - up comedian .
He performed on a Common Sense Comedy Tour this summer while promoting his latest bestselling book .
MSNBC 's Keith Olbermann , who regularly attacks media figures and politicians on the right , spent his early career doing sports .
The bottom line for these people , this argument goes , is n't politics ; it 's the bottom line .
MICHAEL HARRISON : One of the mistakes that political activists and political junkies and political media watching itself make is that they forget that Olbermann 's job is not to get anyone elected or to get elected himself , nor is Beck 's job to do that .
Their job is to be in the news , to create controversy , to be entertaining , to draw audience , and to make money for their companies .
JEFFREY BROWN : Maybe so , but one area where the rise of talk may be having an influence is on blurring the line between opinion and traditional straight news reporting .
A recent poll by the Pew Research Center shows that the public 's trust of news stories is at its lowest level in more than two decades .
Kathleen Hall Jamieson says , that 's no accident .
KATHLEEN HALL JAMIESON : Opinion talk has actually helped precipitate the decline of mainstream media .
JEFFREY BROWN : Precipitate , not ...
KATHLEEN HALL JAMIESON : Precipitate ...
JEFFREY BROWN : OK .
KATHLEEN HALL JAMIESON : ... and reinforce , because one of the arguments made in opinion talk on both the left and right is that you can't trust the mainstream ; it distorts our points of view on our ideological side ; it selectively uses evidence to disadvantage us ; it uses a double standard .
And , as a result , if you pay attention to it -- and there really is n't much reason , given that it distorts -- you 're less likely to trust it .
JEFFREY BROWN : A backlash of sorts may be under way .
The White House has signaled it's had enough , with Communications Director Anita Dunn recently calling FOX News -- quote -- " a wing of the Republican Party . "
A number of companies have refused to advertise with Beck .
JOE SCARBOROUGH , MSNBC : We 're going to have a conservatives ' honor roll ...
JEFFREY BROWN : And , in September , conservative MSNBC host and former Republican Congressman Joe Scarborough announced an honor roll for conservatives willing to denounce what he called Glenn Beck 's hatred .
Still , Michael Harrison of Talkers magazine , embracing provocative speech , says there is one more point worth remembering :
As today 's media becomes more fragmented , programs appeal to smaller slices of the pie than in the days of three television networks , a handful of radio groups and city papers .
That may , in the end , limit the larger influence of any particular talker , no matter how loud his or her voice appears to be .
MICHAEL HARRISON :
We have these nationally famous people who really have much smaller audiences than the awareness of them would indicate or make you believe .
What happens is , they -- they talk to their faithful in terms that the faithful expect and understand .
They preach to the choir .
And some of the things they say are repugnant to people who have other choirs .
JEFFREY BROWN : So , a nation of choirs .
The question is , is it the beautiful music of democracy in action or the cacophony of destructive politics ?
By Jonathan Amos
Science correspondent , BBC News , San Francisco
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Amazing video has been obtained in the Pacific Ocean of the deepest undersea eruption ever recorded .
The pictures show lavas bursting into the water at the West Mata submarine volcano , which is sited about 200 km ( 125 miles ) south - west of the Samoas .
The US Jason robotic submersible had to descend over 1,100 m to acquire the high - definition video .
The vehicle found microbes and a specialized volcano - dwelling shrimp thriving in hot , acidic waters .
" It 's an extraordinary environment , " said Joseph Resing , a chemical oceanographer at the University of Washington and the Joint Institute for the Study of the Atmosphere and Ocean in Seattle , US .
" You have molten lavas at 1,400C producing acidic fluids - the sulphur dioxide makes these fluids as acidic as pH1.4 - and yet microbes are thriving , " he told BBC News .
" The magmatic gases sustain and provide energy for microbial life , and then the microbes provide energy for the shrimp .
" We see them very close to the volcano - within metres . "
Dr Resing has been describing the volcano 's behaviour here at the American Geophysical Union 's ( AGU ) Fall Meeting , the world 's largest annual gathering of Earth scientists .
Rock recycling
The West Mata submarine volcano is about 9 km long and 6 km wide .
The base is some 3 km down .
The shrimp are dependent on the bacteria that live around hot vents
Its setting is very close to the 10,000 m - deep Tonga - Kermadec Trench .
This is where the Pacific Tectonic Plate , which comprises much of the central ocean floor , dives under ( subducted ) the Australian Plate .
It is a key location for the recycling of rock back into the interior of the Earth and it is where molten material can also then force its way back up to the surface .
The possible existence of the eruption was first identified in November 2008 through water samples recovered from the ocean that contained anomalously high levels of hydrogen and volcanic debris .
But it was not until a full scale expedition took place in May this year and Jason was able to go down and investigate West Mata that scientists realised the magnificence of the discovery .
Lava flows Jason , which is operated by the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution ( WHOI ) , moved to within 3 m of the erupting volcano .
The summit of West Mata is more than a kilometre down
The vehicle 's high - definition camera captured large molten lava bubbles about a metre across bursting into cold seawater , and it saw glowing red vents explosively ejecting lava into the sea .
It is said to be the first - observed advance of lava flows across the deep - ocean sea floor .
Jason 's two robotic arms collected samples of rocks , hot spring waters , the microbes , and the shrimp .
To find and study animal life in such a location was fascinating , said Tim Shank , a WHOI macro- biologist on the expedition .
" The animal life you see down there has evolved over millions of years to take advantage of the situation .
Virtually every species down on the sea floor at vents has some sort of novel adaptation , " he told reporters at the AGU meeting .
Researchers say the volcano is spewing boninite lavas " Shrimp have modified eye forms , and modified claws to enable them to scrape certain types of bacteria .
This is where fundamental planetary processes like eruptions meet life , so it has profound implications for me as a biologist looking at the evolution of life on this planet . "
Researchers say the volcano is spewing boninite lavas , believed to be among the hottest erupting on Earth in modern times , and a type only seen before on extinct volcanoes older than a million years .
" Having a very fresh occurrence - it has n't been altered by the ravages of time - and having a known date of eruption gives us the ability to study many different aspects of the rock , including radioactive tracers which will give us the rates of these processes - i.e. how long it takes for this recycling [ at subduction zones ] to occur . "
The West Mata expedition was funded by the US National Science Foundation and the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Last night , SNL ripped President Obama 's recent trip to Asia , and the arrogance of us telling the Chinese how to run their country .
Here 's part of the transcript via Freedom Eden :
...
INTERPRETER : Are we ?
Are we going to get our money ?
Because from what I read your country is in the middle of a serious recession .
OBAMA : Uh , while this is true , there are signs that our bailout has steadied the financial markets and our stimulus package has been effective in fixing the job crisis .
( Hu Jintao " speaks . " )
INTERPRETER : I 'm curious .
How many jobs has it created ?
OBAMA : Uh , so far , none .
( Hu Jintao " speaks . " )
INTERPRETER : I see .
OBAMA : But our health care reform plan , we 're confident , is going to lead to enormous savings .
( Hu Jintao " speaks . " )
INTERPRETER :
How exactly is extending health care coverage to 30 million people going to save you money ?
OBAMA : I ... do n't know .
( Hu Jintao " speaks . " )
INTERPRETER : And this " Cash for Clunkers " program -- I have read that you purchased many clunkers with our money .
OBAMA : Yes , we have .
( Hu Jintao " speaks . " )
INTERPRETER :
What does this word " clunkers " mean ?
( Hu Jintao " speaks . " )
OBAMA : Well , a clunker is a car ...
( Hu Jintao " speaks . " )
INTERPRETER : I know what a clunker is .
And just so there is no misunderstanding , you are not allowed to pay us back in clunkers .
OBAMA : Of course not .
( Hu Jintao " speaks . " )
INTERPRETER :
You know , as I listen to you , I am noticing that each of your plans to save money involves spending even more money .
This does not inspire confidence .
OBAMA : I assure you , you 're going to get your money .
And here 's a video , which will likely get taken down at some point , but will have to do for the moment until NBC puts its version up .
We all know what sex looks like .
Many movies have tried to capture the magic , but most can only bring home the tricks .
This movie allows you to participate where others leave you the ...
See full summary »
One of the upcoming new features being added to ASP .
NET MVC 2 Beta is a little helper method called Html.
RenderAction and its counterpart , Html.
Action .
This has been a part of our ASP .
NET MVC Futures library for a while , but is now being added to the core product .
Both of these methods allow you to call into an action method from a view and output the results of the action in place within the view .
The difference between the two is that Html .
RenderAction will render the result directly to the Response ( which is more efficient if the action returns a large amount of HTML ) whereas Html .
Action returns a string with the result .
For the sake of brevity , I ’ll use the term RenderAction to refer to both of these methods .
Here ’s a quick look at how you might use this method .
Suppose you have the following controller .
public class MyController { public ActionResult Index ( ) { return View ( ) ; } [ ChildActionOnly ] public ActionResult Menu ( ) { var menu = GetMenuFromSomewhere ( ) ; return PartialView ( menu ) ; } }
The Menu action grabs the Menu model and returns a partial view with just the menu .
<%@ Control Inherits =" System.Web.Mvc.ViewUserControl<Menu > " %> < ul > < % foreach ( var item in Model.MenuItem ) { %> < li><%= item %></li > <% } %> </ul >
In your Index.aspx view , you can now call into the Menu action to display the menu :
< %@ Page %> < html > < head >< title ></ title ></head > < body > <%= Html.Action ( " Menu " ) %> < h1>Welcome to the Index View </ h1 > </ body > </html >
Notice that the Menu action is marked with a ChildActionOnlyAttribute .
This attribute indicates that this action should not be callable directly via the URL .
It ’s not required for an action to be callable via RenderAction .
We also added a new property to ControllerContext named IsChildAction .
This lets you know whether the action method is being called via a RenderAction call or via the URL .
This is used by some of our action filters which should do not get called when applied to an action being called via RenderAction such as AuthorizeAttribute and OutputCacheAttribute .
Passing Values With RenderAction
Because these methods are being used to call action methods much like an ASP.
NET
Request does , it ’s possible to specify route values when calling RenderAction .
What ’s really cool about this is you can pass in complex objects .
For example , suppose we want to supply the menu with some options .
We can define a new class , MenuOptions like so .
public class MenuOptions { public int Width { get ; set ; } public int Height { get ; set ; } }
Next , we ’ll change the Menu action method to accept this as a parameter .
[ ChildActionOnly ] public ActionResult Menu ( MenuOptions options ) { return PartialView ( options ) ; }
And now we can pass in menu options from our action call in the view
<%= Html.Action ( " Menu " , new { options = new MenuOptions { Width=400 , Height=500} } ) %>
Cooperating with the ActionName attribute {.clear}
Another thing to note is that RenderAction honors the ActionName attribute when calling an action name .
Thus if you annotate the action like so .
[ ChildActionOnly ] [ ActionName ( " CoolMenu " ) ] public ActionResult Menu ( MenuOptions options ) { return PartialView ( options ) ; }
You ’ll need to make sure to use “ CoolMenu ” as the action name and not “ Menu ” when calling RenderAction .
Cooperating With Output Caching
Note that in previous previews of the RenderAction method , there was an issue where calling RenderAction to render an action method that had the OutputCache attribute would cause the whole view to be cached .
We fixed that issue by by changing the OutputCache attribute to not cache if it ’s part of a child request .
If you want to output cache the portion of the page rendered by the call to RenderAction , you can use a technique I mentioned here where you place the call to RenderAction in a ViewUserControl which has its OutputCache directive set .
Summary
Let us know how this feature works for you .
I think it could really help simplify some scenarios when composing a user interface from small parts .
Slide 1 of 10 ,
The Philippine government appealed for international help as the death toll rose to at least 240 due to floods caused by Typhoon Ketsana .
A woman washed clothes recovered from her house , which was destroyed , in the town of Pilila Rizal , east of Manila , on Monday .
John Javellana / Reuters
Petition from Vermont Senator Bernie Sander To Time Geithner
Too Big to Fail is Too Big to Exist
Financial institutions that are “ too big to fail ” played a major role in undermining the American economy and driving our country into a severe recession .
Financial institutions that are “ too big to fail ” put taxpayers on the hook for a $ 700 billion bailout and more than $ 2 trillion from the Federal Reserve in virtually zero interest loans .
Huge financial institutions have become so big that the four largest banks in America ( JP Morgan Chase , Bank of America , Wells Fargo , and Citigroup ) now issue one out of every two mortgages ; two out of three credit cards ; and hold $ 4 out of every $ 10 in bank deposits in the country .
Just five banks in America ( JP Morgan Chase , Bank of America , Citigroup , Goldman Sachs , and Morgan Stanley ) own a staggering 95 % of the $ 290 trillion in derivatives held at commercial banks .
Derivatives are risky side bets made by Wall Street gamblers that led to the $ 182 billion bailout of AIG , the $ 29 billion bailout that allowed JP Morgan Chase to acquire Bear Stearns , and the collapse of Lehman Brothers .
The concentration of ownership in the financial services industry has resulted in higher bank fees and interest rates that consumers are forced to pay for credit cards , mortgages and other financial products .
No single financial institution should be so large that its failure would cause catastrophic risk to millions of American jobs or to our nation ’s economic well - being .
No single financial institution should have holdings so extensive that its failure could send the world economy into crisis .
We believe it is time to break up the banks and insurance companies which are too big to fail .
We believe that passage of The Too Big to Fail , Too Big to Exist Act is essential for a strong American economy and a secure future for ourselves , our children , and our grandchildren .
We urge the immediate enactment of the Too Big to Fail , Too Big to Exist Act , which directs the treasury secretary to compile a list of those financial institutions that are too big to fail in the next 90 days , and to break up these banks and insurance companies a year after the legislation is signed into law .
We urge readers to support the Too Big To Fail Petition : maybe one of these days kalamari will finally be served .
Like using the pinned tabs feature in Chrome but wish you could make your pinned tabs permanent ?
Combine the -- pinned - tab - count command switch magic and a list of your favorite pinned web sites to do just that .
Advertisement
Note :
We highlighted this tip in a tips box post a few weeks ago , but here 's a more thorough guide for Windows users who like the idea .
If you 're using Firefox , check out the very cool App Tabs extension .
Advertisement
Before
Normally you have to use the " Tab Context Menu " to create pinned tabs in Chrome , then repeat the same actions again the next time that you open the browser .
Doing so once in a while is okay , but it quickly gets tedious if you have to do it every time .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Setting Up Permanent Tabs
To get started you will need to locate and right click on your shortcut (s ) for Google Chrome .
Select " Properties " .
Advertisement
Once you have clicked through , you will see the " Properties " window with the " Shortcut " tab displayed .
Now you are ready to modify the " Target Path " .
Advertisement
There will be two parts to this :
In the address area for " Target : " you will need to add the following command to the end of the target path making certain to leave a single space in between the final quote mark and the " pinned tab count command " .
Enter the number of permanent pinned tabs that you would like to have in place of the " x " … for our example we chose " 5 " .
Advertisement
It should look like this :
Advertisement
Now for the second part .
You will need to add the URL for each website that you would like to have as a permanently pinned tab after the " pinned tab count command " .
Make certain to leave a single space in between each URL and the " pinned tab count command " as shown below .
Advertisement
Once you have that finished , click " Apply " , then " OK " .
After
Once you start Chrome ( and each time thereafter ) you will have a very nice set of permanently pinned tabs ready to go .
Advertisement
Accessing the " Tab Context Menu " you can still temporarily turn the permanent tabs back into " normal ones " by clicking on " Pin tab Command " to " deselect " it .
You will also be able to close the tabs in the normal fashion if you do not need them at the moment .
Advertisement
If you love using pinned tabs in Google Chrome and have been wanting to make them permanent , then you should definitely give this a try .
Advertisement
Make Google Chrome Open with Pinned Tabs [ How - To Geek ]
“ The incident had happened at 12.45 am that morning and the victim said she thought she knew who it was .
She requested police go to see her after 9 am later that day , once she was out of hospital .
TEHRAN ( Reuters ) - Iran believes the United States is holding a former deputy defense minister who disappeared in 2007 and 10 other Iranian nationals , according to a list carried by the semi-official Mehr news agency on Wednesday .
Separately , a Saudi official denied Iran ’s claim that Riyadh handed an Iranian nuclear scientist to the United States , saying the kingdom had searched in vain for him on its territory .
“ Saudi authorities searched for him after being informed of his disappearance in Medina and at all the hospitals , hotels and centers in Mecca -- even at his place of residence -- but they could not find him , ” Saudi Foreign Ministry media chief Osama al - Nogali said .
On Tuesday , the Iranian Foreign Ministry ’s spokesman said 11 Iranians were being detained in the United States , naming only the missing scientist , Shahram Amiri .
U.S. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley , speaking to reporters in Washington , declined to comment on the situation .
The list on Mehr also named former deputy minister Ali Reza Asgari and included a former ambassador to Jordan .
Iran and the United States have had no diplomatic relationship for three decades and are embroiled in a long - running row over Tehran ’s nuclear program , which the West suspects is aimed at making bombs .
Iran denies the charge .
Iran ’s foreign ministry was “ seriously following ” the cases of the 11 Iranians held in the United States through legal and diplomatic channels , Mehr said .
In 2007 , Iran ’s police chief suggested that Asgari , who disappeared in Turkey that year , had been kidnapped by Western intelligence services .
Israel and the United States have denied any involvement in the disappearance .
At the time , Turkish newspapers reported that Asgari had information on Iran ’s nuclear program .
Turkish , Arabic and Israeli media have suggested Asgari defected to the West , but his family dismissed that .
“ There are documents and evidence showing he has been transferred to the United States , ” Mehr said .
Amiri , a researcher working for Iran ’s Atomic Energy Organization , disappeared during a pilgrimage to Saudi Arabia in June .
Media reports said he wanted to seek asylum abroad .
Three months after he disappeared Iran disclosed the existence of its second uranium enrichment site , near the central holy Shi’ite city of Qom , further heightening tension over the Islamic state ’s atomic activities .
Sunni Muslim Saudi Arabia , a key regional ally of the United States , shares its fears that Iran ’s nuclear energy program is aimed in part at acquiring nuclear weapons and opposes Tehran ’s backing for Shi’ite and anti-U.S. militant groups in the region such as Lebanon ’s Hezbollah .
More Evidence Of Fish Oil ’s Heart Health Benefits –
There is mounting evidence that omega - 3 fatty acids from fish or fish oil supplements not only help prevent cardiovascular diseases in healthy individuals , but also reduce the incidence of cardiac events and mortality in patients with existing heart disease .
link to the research
A couple of weeks ago , I wrote about Iraqi military employing useless dowsing magic wands to search for explosives at checkpoints , and how this has deadly results .
This was based on an article in the New York Times , and the word has now spread far and wide .
Skeptic , physician , and journalist Ben Goldacre wrote about it in The Guardian , and Graeme Wood did so as well for The Atlantic .
It was huge on tech and skeptic sites too , like Slashdot , MetaFilter , Gizmodo , and Bruce Hood 's Supersense blog .
It made a brief appearance on TV , too , in this segment on the Rachel Maddow Show :
Visit msnbc.com for Breaking News , World News , and News about the Economy
And she mentioned friend of the JREF Hal Bidlack by name !
I have heard some rumors -- as yet unsubstantiated but encouraging -- that members of the U.S. government have taken an interest in this story , too .
What this all shows is that we need to stand up to nonsense and call it out , letting others know when they believe in garbage ... especially when it will lead to people getting killed .
If enough of us do it , then maybe , just maybe , we can get something done about it .
Remember :
It 's true for reality , too .
Chronic kidney failure , the disease diagnosed in Osama Bin Laden by 2001 , carries ominous probability outcomes .
Recent statistics list a 85.8 percent ( ratio of deaths to incidence ) with care in modern hospital / dialysis facilities .
Hence , the probability of OBL 's survival while living " on the run " without modern dialysis facilities for the past nine years is nothing short of a medical miracle .
We must send our best physicians and scientists to discover the secrets known only to bin Laden 's field hospital .
Clearly General McChrystal believes in medical miracles when he recently announced " I do n't think that we can finally defeat al - Qaeda until he's ( bin Laden ) captured or killed . "
( Reuters , December 8 , 2009 )
In addition , according to Defense Secretary Robert Gates , the United States does not know where the al - Qaida leader , Osama bin Laden , is hiding and has not had any good intelligence on his whereabouts in years .
( ABC , This Week , December 5 , 2009 )
Now surely General McChrystal and Defense Secretary Gates are privy to medical information on OBL 's medical condition , chronic renal ( kidney ) failure .
I checked the online version of the Merck Manual for the above probability statistics and current recommended procedures : dialysis followed by kidney transplantation .
With both procedures , it is critical to have ongoing laboratory diagnostic assays to monitor creatine and other waste products .
These are medically fragile people subject to heart failure caused by uremic poisoning .
Persons with uremic symptoms experience anorexia , vomiting , weight loss , pericarditis , pleuritis .
Hyperkalemia ( rising serum potassium levels ) cause ECG changes indicative of heart failure and difficult to control metabolic acidosis .
This medical information makes one want to redirect General McChrystal 's search -- look for burial grounds .
In the meantime , check with nephrology experts for advice on the probability of whether or not , Osama bin Laden is dead or alive .
The scenario presented by General McChrystal brings to mind Michael Corleone 's terse comment in the Godfather film : " Do n't insult my intelligence . "
_______
About author Sara S. DeHart , MSN , Ph.D. is Associate Professor Emeritus University of MN , School of Nursing .
She also served as a Visiting Scholar University of WA .
She currently resides in the Northwest and writes about various issues including public health and public policy .
See Substituting deception for sound public health policy .
In Jerry " Politex " Barrett ( 2004 ) " Big Bush Lies , " Riverwood Books ( 117-128 ) .
She may be contacted at Sara S. DeHart , MSN , Ph.D. is Associate Professor Emeritus University of MN , School of Nursing .
She also served as a Visiting Scholar University of WA .
She currently resides in the Northwest and writes about various issues including public health and public policy .
See Substituting deception for sound public health policy .
In Jerry " Politex " Barrett ( 2004 ) " Big Bush Lies , " Riverwood Books ( 117-128 ) .
She may be contacted at dehart.ss@frontier.com
Using Waste Heat Energy for Industrial - Scale Air Conditioning
October 30th , 2009 by Susan Kraemer
Here ’s a low carbon cooling technology that uses hot water from waste to make A/C without fossil fuels , saving 80 % over fossil - fueled chillers .
[ social_buttons ]
This industrial scale chiller from the Chinese company Broad Central Air can convert many different kinds of waste heat into air conditioning .
The waste heat can come from many industrial sources , including what the Chinese site calls “ town gas ” – methane from town landfill , collected and burned to generate heat .
Absorbtion chillers take heat and make coolness out of it , by this process .
The Broad Central Air chiller uses hot water from burning town gas , biogas , recycled oil , combined heat and power .
It also can use waste hot water directly from other industrial waste streams such as steam , hot water or exhaust .
By waste heat recycling , it can save 70 % to 80 % of the CO2 from traditional chiller hookups from non-recycled fossil fuels .
Any source of hot water at at least 185 degrees Fahrenheit can do the same , so geothermal or utility - scale solar thermal hot water could also be used with a chiller to make climate friendly green air conditioning .
Residential scale solar thermal is not hot enough as most only heat water to between 90 – 130 degrees .
Utility - scale solar thermal does generate waste hot water at the required level , so another low carbon way to make use of the technology would be for air - conditioning for desert industrial complexes near utility - scale solar thermal plants ( or geothermal ) plants .
This unit can go on the roofs or in basements , and can be used for heating as well as cooling , both for heating water or heating the building .
Broad ’s technology has been used in 30 countries including the green Madrid Barajas Airport .
Image Broad Central Air
Follow at twitter
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Mosquitoes are one of the world ’s most dangerous and annoying insects , with an impact that ranges from irritating bites that cause discomfort ...
Welcome to IGN TV Show Obituary , formerly known as " IGN 's Endangered Series List . "
Now that the major networks have announced their renewals and new series pick - ups , we have a more definite answer to what will and wo n't be back next season .
The focus here is on primetime network series , but we 've also included some notable cable shows .
Note also that our " What Wo n't Be Back " section means just that and includes shows that died a " natural " death , getting a proper and planned finale , along with others that were unceremoniously yanked from the schedule , giving fans no closure .
Update ( 5/28 ) : ABC has passed on Ghost Whisperer , and the show is now officially finished and added below to the " Wo n't Be Back " page .
Update ( 6/05 ) : ABC has now also passed on picking up The New Adventures of Old Christine - leaving just one lonely show on the Endangered page !
24 Most assumed this was probably the final season for 24 , but then its fate became a bit more cloudy , especially after NBC hinted they might pick up the series , should FOX decide not to renew it .
However , that is no longer be an option and FOX , in the wake of dwindling ratings and rising costs , decided Jack Bauer 's time on television has indeed come to an end , after an impressive eight season run .
But do n't fret too much , Bauer fans – a 24 movie is in development .
Accidentally on Purpose This Jenna Elfman series was the weak link on Monday nights for CBS .
A move to Wednesday nights for the last few episodes of the season did n't help it make more of an impact , and the network decided to cut it loose after one season .
The Beautiful Life
The show with the dubious honor of being fall 's first cancellation was this ill - conceived model - centric soap ( starring Mischa Barton ) , which only aired two episodes .
Better Off Ted Only Dollhouse surpassed Better Off
Ted in terms of the semi- surprise over its renewal last year , given the very poor ratings the show had in its first season .
Unfortunately , despite critical support and a cult following , Better Off Ted continued to barely register when it came to TV ratings this season and has been cancelled .
Brothers
This critically lambasted , very low - rated FOX comedy was allowed to air more episodes than one might expect – albeit burnt off , in the little viewed pre-8:00 Sunday night timeslot ..
Cold Case Last season , CBS chose renewing this series over Without a Trace .
But with the ratings down , Cold Case could n't survive another round of cancellations .
The Deep End
This midseason replacement series performed incredibly poorly for ABC , among an otherwise strong Thursday night lineup .
Dollhouse A miraculous renewal for a second season only put off the inevitable for this ratings starved Joss Whedon series , which has continued to lose viewers most weeks .
The series will wrap up with the airing of Season 2's thirteenth episode in January .
Eastwick Despite a trio of attractive stars , few viewers tuned in to this new take on the popular book and film , The Witches of Eastwick .
ABC has decided to end the series after episode 13 .
FlashForward
This much - hyped new series , touted initially by some as ABC 's hope to replace the soon - to - end Lost in the zeitgeist , dropped and dropped in the ratings from its strong opening .
With little critical support and hard to ignore issues behind the scenes ( both of the show 's main executive producers departed the series as the season progressed ) , ABC decided to end Flash Forward after just one season .
The Forgotten This Jerry Bruckheimer produced series , starring Christian Slater , was one of several failed shows ABC tried at 10:00 this season .
In a vote of no confidence , ABC cut the season short by a couple of weeks .
Insert joke about the show 's title here .
Ghost Whisperer
A strong performer for CBS for several years , this Jennifer Love Hewitt series dropped considerably in the ratings this past season , along with CBS 's entire Friday night lineup .
In the end , the network decided to save the show they owned completely , Medium , over one they only partially owned – a bit ironic , given Medium aired on NBC until last year .
ABC toyed with picking the series up , but ultimately passed , sending Ghost Whisperer into the afterlife .
Hank
One of the fall 's most critically trashed new series , Hank , starring Kelsey Grammar , was obviously the weak link in ABC 's new comedy lineup on Wednesdays and the network pulled the plug after airing five episodes .
Happy Town ABC launched this mystery series late in the season and it failed to make any impact , suffering from some very negative reviews , coupled with low ratings .
The producers promise the identity of The Magic Man will be revealed in the finale – but we 're not going to see him or her ever caught , since there wo n't be a second season .
Heroes
A cautionary tale for other series , Heroes went from a ratings smash with critical acclaim to a series whose cancellation barely caused much other than a shrug by most , on the heels of a couple of seasons of rapidly dwindling ratings and much - criticized storylines .
At first , it seemed it might get one final ( shortened ) season , but after NBC picked up several promising new shows , they decided it was time to end Heroes .
However , the network has said they are considering a TV - Movie wrap up .
Law & Order
It was widely believed that this incredibly durable series would come back for a jaw - dropping Season 21 .
But as NBC picked up more and more new series for fall , they decided it was time to bring this franchise - starter to an end - albeit while simultaneously announcing a new Los Angeles set spinoff .
Legend of the Seeker
This syndicated fantasy series was having trouble in the ratings , and things got bleak when Tribune -- who own a large number of stations that carried the series -- decided to drop it for next fall .
Seeker 's producer , ABC Studios , attempted to find other stations to pick up the series , but it was to no avail , and Season 2 will be the last .
Lost
What the hell ?!
They cancelled Lost ?!
Let 's boycott everyone , everywhere !
… Oh wait , no .
Lost is just coming to the ending we 've all been prepared for since 2007 , when it was announced Season 6 would be the final year for the show .
Richard +( Nestor + Carbonell ) +explains+how+upset+he+is+to+be+made+a+series+regular,+only+for+<i>Lost</i>+to+come+to+an+end .
Melrose Place Ratings were terrible for this new version of the popular 1990s series , and the slight and momentary increase from Heather Locklear 's inclusion was not enough to save it .
Mercy
In previous years , the numbers Mercy got would have led to a quick cancellation .
But NBC is not the network it used to be , and so the so - so numbers for this medical drama led to a full - season pickup .
But as the network plans for a much more ambitious slate of new series next fall , Mercy 's time as a schedule place - holder has come to an end .
Miami Medical
Ratings were good for the premiere of this new medical drama , but it seemed most who sampled it did n't like what they saw , as those numbers fell rapidly in the subsequent weeks .
As it quickly dropped , CBS made the quick decision not to renew the series .
The New Adventures of Old Christine
This was the third year in a row CBS waited until the last minute to make a decision on this series , but this time they actually cancelled it .
However , for the third year in a row , ABC considered picking it up - only to pass this time , in the wake of launching their own successful comedies this past year .
Numb3rs
The numbers ( ahem ) for this CBS procedural , which made it a respectable six seasons , had been dropping of late .
The network cut the season back from 22 to 16 episodes , deciding it was time to end the story of guys solving crimes with math .
Past Life
One could say this critically trashed , low - rated FOX series was dead on arrival !
Get it , cause it 's about people who …
Oh , never mind .
Romantically Challenged This Alyssa Milano comedy was a recent addition to ABC's Monday night lineup , sandwiched between two hits – Dancing With the Stars and Castle .
It debuted to so - so numbers , and its fate was decided rather quickly , as it was clearly the weak link among a strong night of programming .
Scrubs ABC resurrected this long - running comedy , after airing what most considered a wonderful series finale .
The revamped show , with a new setting and mostly new cast , was something of a non-entity in the ratings this year - made even more obvious because ABC has done so well with most of their new comedies , such as Modern Family .
It 's a bit sad to have this show end so awkwardly after nine seasons , but this time , Scrubs is truly over .
Sons of Tucson FOX quickly pulled this live - action comedy , starring Reaper 's Tyler Labine .
It aired during the network 's animation block on Sunday nights , making for an odd pairing – but a necessary one , given the lack of other FOX live - action comedies .
With the failure of Sons , this is an arena the network needs to work extra hard at , if they 're ever going to find a niche .
The Spectacular Spider - Man
The ratings and critical support were strong for this animated series out of the gate , but several factors way outside the creators ' control affected it – including a change in networks and a long delay between US airings of episodes , while those episodes became easy to find online .
In the wake of Sony ( who produced the show ) relinquishing the TV rights to Spider - Man and the huge Disney / Marvel deal , Spectacular became a sad casualty , as Disney / Marvel decided to start anew with their own , in - house produced Ultimate Spider - Man series .
Three Rivers
This medical procedural starring Moonlight 's Alex O'Loughlin struggled out of the gate , and its minimal ratings improvements were not enough to save it .
At January 's TCA ( Television Critics Association ) press tour , CBS admitted it was not coming back to the schedule .
' Til Death Inexplicably lasting fourth seasons , this always terribly rated ( and reviewed ! ) sitcom seemed likely to outlast us all , despite frequently being pulled from FOX 's schedule for months at a time .
But it 's finally been confirmed that this time , ' Til Death is indeed dead .
Trauma
This show was considered cancelled last fall , until an about face had the network deciding to order more episodes .
It was only prolonging the inevitable however , as Trauma suffered weak ratings from the start and has now been sent to the TV morgue .
Ugly Betty
Once a very buzzed about show , Betty was doing terribly in its new Friday night timeslot last fall .
A move to Wednesdays was not enough to improve matters , and ABC the series would be ending a few months ago , allowing the producers enough time to give the show a proper ending .
Wolverine and the X - Men
The circumstances were unusual for this animated series , as we had heard last year it was renewed and would be back for another full season .
But Marvel recently confirmed growing rumors of trouble , saying the series was ending because , " we have been unable to work out the financing for the show with our financing partner . "
Continue on to Page 2 to see what shows are returning .
Articles
Our American militarists love war so much that they even bankroll the enemy , just to keep the blood money flowing .
This odd but absolutely crucial characteristic of the Never - Ending Terror War was borne out again in a remarkable story in the Guardian ( with an expanded version in The Nation ) .
As Aram Roston reports -- and U.S. military officials openly admit -- American taxpayers are giving Afghan insurgents at least 10 - 20 percent of the war machine 's multibillion - dollar transportation contracts .
Hundreds of millions of dollars are flowing into Taliban coffers every year from bribes offered to stop insurgents from attacking supply convoys -- convoys which are increasingly controlled by local warlords and druglords , including convicted drug dealers in the Corleone - like Karzai family .
Of course , in Iraq , the Pentagon finally started paying insurgents as well .
But in that instance , they were at least paying the enemy to stop fighting .
Here , they only ask that the Taliban allow some trucks to roll through the countryside -- which seems to be entirely in the hands of the insurgents , despite eight years of war and months of Obama 's " surge " .
The Americans pay handsomely for the privilege -- sometimes up to $ 1,500 per truck , depending on the cargo -- even though they know the insurgents will use the money to keep fighting .
It 's a nice racket all around , everybody makes out -- the American militarists and war profiteers , their criminal Afghan allies , and the insurgents ( who use the American money to top up the cash flow they get from American allies in Saudi Arabia , Yemen , etc. ) .
So where 's the harm ?
OK , OK , there are all those civilians being slaughtered -- women and children ripped to pieces , to shreds of flesh and fragments of bone – by the bombs of the defenders of Western civilization .
And yeah , there are all the American and British soldiers being killed , wounded , and brutalized , year after year , in a senseless , criminal conflict .
And then there 's the looting of the American treasury by the warmongers , and the relentless and inevitable destruction of American liberties by the all - corrosive acid of perpetual war .
But as Stalin liked to say : when wood is chopped , chips fly .
And what are these few paltry chips – life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness – when there 's so much juicy loot out there ?
premium_icon
Next level :
The reasons behind Lachie ’s rise to the top
LIONS
After taking his game to another level since arriving in Brisbane , Lachie Neale is arguably the AFL ’s best player .
But what makes him so special ?
His teammates lift the lid on why the midfielder has become so good ahead of the finals clash with Richmond .
日本最強の看板を下ろしたミラーサーバftp.jaist.ac.jpの管理者の一人が、
このサーバにまつわるよしなしごとを語ります。
English versions of some posts on another blog .
All told , December was the biggest month in history for offerings , according to Thomson Reuters .
Here ’s what the post - bailout bonanza means for all the banks that helped find investors for the new shares : Bank of America ’s $ 19.3 billion offering generated $ 482 million in fees ; Citigroup ’s $ 17 billion offering resulted in $ 425 million in fees ; and Wells Fargo ’s $ 12.2 billion offering led to $ 275.6 million in fees .
( The banks paid themselves roughly 2.5 percent of the offering price . )
Other banks were beneficiaries as well .
As part of the Citigroup offering , for example , Citi syndicated part of the sale to Morgan Stanley , BNP , Lloyds and ING .
( Why ca n ’t Citi do it alone ?
The answer is that to raise that kind of money , you need a little help from your friends , some of whom are better at raising money than others . )
Those fees are likely to factor into the bonuses for the investment bankers involved .
“ Ironically , the mechanics of exiting TARP turned out to be lucrative business for equity underwriters this year , ” said Matthew Toole , director of the Deals Intelligence unit of Thomson Reuters ’ Investment Banking Division .
Mr. Toole ran some numbers and turned up a startling figure : fees over the last two years for follow - on share offerings among financial companies in the United States totaled $ 5.4 billion .
That ’s more than the $ 4.8 billion that was raised in the previous 20 years .
There ’s one wrinkle in the case of Citigroup , and it is good news .
When the Treasury Department begins to unload its shares in Citigroup  it originally said last week that it planned to sell $ 5 billion worth , but then said it would delay the sale  the taxpayers are not likely to be asked to pay the fees .
Citigroup has privately signaled that it will pay the fees , though  wait for it  Citigroup will participate in the offering itself , so it will in effect pay fees to itself .
For a custom installer application , I have been working on a crude and efficient way to determine whether the particular version of the C runtime ( CRT ) we need is installed or not .
The technique I use is simply to check if a dummy DLL linked to the CRT libraries would load up properly .
This works gloriously well , except for one simple detail .
When the CRT is not installed , on Windows 2000 only , the LoadLibrary error would also cause a MessageBox to be displayed .
This stops the flow of the installer and of course , is not very elegant …
But there is a simple trick to get rid of the MessageBox , using the very obscure SetErrorMode system call .
1 2 3 4 :: SetErrorMode ( SEM_FAILCRITICALERRORS
) ; HMODULE hDll = :: LoadLibrary ( " CrtCheck .Dll " ) ; //
Wo n't bark if ( hDll ) ; // CRT is installed else ; // CRT is NOT installed
Do you guys know a better ( yet simple ) way to determine if the CRT is installed ?
Singapore ( CNN ) -- U.S. President Barack Obama , on his first Asia trip since taking office in January , arrived Saturday in Singapore to attend the Asia - Pacific Economic Cooperation Forum .
In addition to the meetings with the APEC heads of state , Obama planned to hold three bilateral meetings -- with the leaders of Russia , Indonesia and Singapore .
APEC 's 21 member nations represent more than half of the world 's economic output .
The forum sees its goal as " facilitating economic growth , cooperation , trade and investment in the Asia - Pacific region . "
Obama will become the first U.S. president to take part in a summit of the 10 - member Association of Southeast Asian Nations ( ASEAN ) economic alliance .
The formal meeting is Sunday .
Earlier Saturday , Obama told a packed house at Tokyo's Suntory Hall that all Americans should know that what happens in Asia " has a direct effect on our lives at home . "
The president leaves Sunday for Shanghai , China .
The trip , which lasts more than a week , is Obama 's first to Asia since taking office in January .
In his Tokyo speech , Obama touted himself as America 's " first Pacific president , " and pledged a renewed engagement with Asia Pacific nations based on " an enduring and revitalized alliance between the United States and Japan . "
He touched on nearly every part of the Asia Pacific region during his speech , and talked about a boyhood visit to Japan with his mother , his birth in Hawaii , a childhood spent partly in Indonesia and the United States ' position as a Pacific nation .
" There must be no doubt : as America 's first Pacific president , I promise you that this Pacific nation will strengthen and sustain our leadership in this vitally important part of the world , " he said .
He emphasized that the United States was not interested in containing the emerging economic growth in China .
Obama also called on Myanmar to make more definitive moves toward democracy , including releasing all political prisoners .
He urged North Korea to return to the Six - Party Talks so the reclusive nation can be reintegrated into the world stage and pledged America 's support for eliminating nuclear weapons and efforts to reduce the global effects of climate change .
In China , Obama will continue efforts to define and strengthen the United States ' relationship with the world 's largest emerging economy , which has a growing influence in Asia , said Jeffrey Bader , the National Security Council 's senior director for East Asian affairs .
Bader cited North Korea 's nuclear weapons program , the economy , climate change , human rights and Afghanistan as among the top issues for the China swing .
On human rights , Bader said Obama is likely to address " freedom of expression , access to information , freedom of religion , rule of law and , certainly , Tibet . "
Obama will make clear to Chinese President Hu Jintao that he intends to meet with the Dalai Lama , the exiled Tibetan spiritual leader , Bader said .
China , which rejects Tibetan aspirations for autonomy , opposes such high - level contacts with the Dalai Lama .
The publicity material states how “ destiny intervened ” in the unmarried American journalist ’s life .
“ In her last weeks in Yemen she met the British ambassador and they fell in love .
She has been in Yemen ever since . . . living in the ambassador ’s residence and writing this book .
They are engaged to be married , ” it states .
Virgin Media will trial deep packet inspection technology to measure the level of illegal filesharing on its network , but plans not to tell the customers whose traffic will be examined .
The system , CView , will be provided by Detica , a BAE subsidiary that specialises in large volume data collection and processing , and whose traditional customers are the intelligence agencies and law enforcement .
The trial will cover about 40 per cent of Virgin Media 's network , a spokesman said , but those involved will not be informed .
" It would be counter - productive because it does n't affect customers directly , " he said .
CView will operate at the centre of Virgin Media 's network on aggregate traffic , the spokesman emphasised , and seek only to determine the proportion of filesharing traffic that infringes copyright .
The system will look at traffic and identify the peer - to - peer packets .
In a step beyond how ISPs currently monitor their networks , it will then peer inside those packets and try to determine what is licensed and what is unlicensed , based on data provided by the record industry .
Virgin Media emphasised that it is seeking to measure the overall level of illegal filesharing , not to keep records on individual customers .
Data on the level of copyright infringement will be aggregated and anonymised .
Nevertheless , the trial - which has no scheduled end date - is likely to prove controversial .
CView 's deep packet inspection is the same technology that powered Phorm 's advertising system , which allowed monitoring and targeting of individual internet users .
It too was trialled - by BT - without customers ' consent or knowledge .
Detica is also understood to be in talks with other major ISPs with a view to wider trials of CView .
To begin with at least , Virgin Media 's implementation will focus on music sharing .
The ISP is preparing a legal download service in partnership with Universal , the largest of the four major record labels , which it hopes will be the " carrot " to Lord Mandelson 's " stick " of technical measures against those who persistently infringe copyright .
" Understanding how consumer behaviour is changing will be an important requirement of Virgin Media 's upcoming music offering and , should they become law , the Government 's legislative proposals will also require measurement of the level of copyright infringement on ISPs ' networks , " said Jon James , Virgin Media 's executive director of broadband .
As part of Lord Mandelson's " stick " , the Digital Economy Bill , which the government is hoping to pass before the election , requires Ofcom to measure the effect of its anti-illegal filesharing provisions .
As we reported last week , Detica has also tried to pitch CView as an accurate method for regulators to use .
At the launch of the Bill on Friday , however , a senior civil servant suggested that a crude estimate based on the level of illegal filesharing observed by rights holder organisations could be used .
In the pitch document , Detica said that as well as aggregate data , CView could be used to categorise filesharers and apply technical measures against them , or target them to be sold legal alternatives .
Virgin Media 's spokesman said it has no plans to use such features .
The Register will meet Detica executives next week to discuss CView .
Post your questions about the system in comments . ®
The public will have future access to nearly 2 miles of shoreline along Point Molate in Richmond that have been off - limits to pedestrians for decades , thanks to a recent deal between Chevron and the East Bay Regional Park District .
The 20 - foot - wide easement runs in two pieces , from the Richmond - San Rafael Bridge to Point San Pablo , bordered by rolling grasslands , beaches and rocky embankments , with views of San Pablo Bay , the Brothers islands and Mount Tamalpais .
" People have been banging on Chevron for years to get this done , " said Norman La Force , chair of the San Francisco Bay chapter of the Sierra Club .
" This area has some beautiful vistas and is an important connector to other areas . "
Chevron gave the easement in Richmond to the East Bay Regional Park District , which will spend $ 100,000 on engineering , surveying and title costs .
The district plans to open the trail within the next seven years and will also be responsible for maintaining the path .
This segment of the Bay Trail is a critical link between the portion that begins in Emeryville and ends at Miller / Knox Regional Shoreline , and Point Pinole Regional Park .
It includes the largest stretch of undeveloped land along San Francisco Bay , and has been off - limits to pedestrians for decades .
" It 's an extraordinary place , " said Bruce Beyaert , chairman of Trails for Richmond Action Committee .
" It has drop - dead spectacular views , and so much history .
People can renew their souls and exercise their bodies . "
The area is home to former Chinese shrimp camps ; the last whaling station in the country , which closed in the 1960s ; and Winehaven , the largest winery in the United States before Prohibition , which is now on the National Register of Historic Places .
Bay Trail advocates are still working with Chevron to secure another easement , from under Interstate 580 to Miller / Knox park , allowing pedestrians and cyclists to have an uninterrupted 15 - mile trail from Emeryville to Point San Pablo Yacht Harbor .
That 3 - mile project will probably be finished in three years and will cost about $ 15 million , most likely covered by grants , said Beyaert .
Ultimately , organizers hope the Bay Trail will encircle all 500 miles of San Francisco Bay .
Since planning began 20 years ago , 296 miles are complete , said Laura Thompson , Bay Trail manager for the Association of Bay Area Governments .
The deal was years in the works , as Chevron negotiated safety and security measures with the park district .
Chevron spokesman Brent Tippen would not elaborate on the nature of the security concerns .
" Chevron is fully supportive of the Bay Trail as a valuable Bay Area resource , " Tippen said .
" We just want to make sure the trail is constructed in a way that meets the safety and security needs of residents and the refinery . "
Bob Doyle , assistant general manager for the park district , called the area " a very unique portion of the shoreline . "
" Nothing was ever built on the Point San Pablo peninsula , which makes it a very rare part of the bay .
Chevron did n't have to do this , " Doyle said .
The Bay Trail might soon be extended north of Point San Pablo , because the park district recently acquired Breuner Marsh south of Point Pinole Regional Shoreline .
PSUV members vote in delegate elections on November 15 , 2009 .
By Kiraz Janicke , Caracas
November 16 , 2009 – Venezuelanalysis.com – The United Socialist Party of Venezuela ( PSUV ) held nation - wide delegate elections on November 15 for its First Extraordinary Congress which will be held over the next several weekends in Caracas .
Up for discussion at the congress are the party ’s program , principles , organisational structure and most likely the mechanism for selecting candidates for the national parliamentary elections of 2010 .
A total of 7800 members competed in the elections for 772 delegate places to the congress .
Although the PSUV nominally has nearly 7 million members , voting in the delegate elections was open only to the 2,450,377 “ active ” members of the party .
Jorge Rodriguez , the PSUV ’s national coordinator who announced the results of the elections on November 15 , did not present official figures of overall member participation in the elections , though informal estimates indicate that between 40 - 50 % of the active membership , or around 1 million people , participated .
While the more conservative sector of the Bolivarian Revolution , often referred to as the “ endogenous right ” , is overwhelmingly dominant in the PSUV , left - wing PSUV activists said they had made gains with the election of a number of respected revolutionary delegates .
Among others , the left - wing activists elected to the congress include Gonzalo Gomez , one of the founders of the pro-revolution website Aporrea.com and member of the Marea Socialista union current ; Nora Castañeda , the head of the Women ’s Bank ; National Assembly deputy and economist Jesús Faria ; Sergio Sánchez and Lidice Navas from the former Socialist League ; Fredy Acevedo from the Revolutionary Marxist Current ; and Julio Chavez , the former mayor of Carora who pioneered a process of direct democracy and community budgeting in his municipality .
At the PSUV ’s founding congress in early 2008 , about 1600 delegates elected the national leadership and adopted a party program that defined the party as “ anti-capitalist ” , “ socialist ” and “ internationalist . ”
Discussion over the party ’s constitution and structure were postponed , however , resulting in ad - hoc regional leadership bodies appointed from above by the national leadership , rather than being democratically elected .
Frustration over the lack of democratic structures and spaces for participation has generally led to a decline in the PSUV ’s active membership .
Differences of opinion over whether the party should be simply an electoral organisation or a political instrument that can deepen the Bolivarian Revolution towards socialism are clearly marked .
The extraordinary congress will serve as a measure of the competing tendencies within the PSUV who are fighting to determine which direction the party should take .
Left - wing members say they will fight to extend the PSUV ’s democratic structures and defend the program adopted at the founding congress against efforts by conservative sectors to overturn the program .
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , who is also the president of the PSUV , voted in the party ’s internal elections in the 23 de Enero parish .
After he cast his ballot , he revealed that he had voted “ overwhelmingly for women ” and noted the importance of the elections .
“ It is very important what is happening .
There is a good turnout throughout the country , and our party is giving an example of democracy from below , ” said Chavez .
With these internal party elections , “ we are breaking the culture of elites , fake democracy , where the people were called on [ to vote ] every five years …
The PSUV has to be a motor force of popular power , ” he said .
Chavez also called on PSUV members and regional PSUV leadership bodies to debate and discuss with minority parties that support the revolutionary process but are not part of the PSUV , including the Communist Party of Venezuela and Patria Para Todos .
“ They decided not to join the PSUV .
Well , it is respected that they maintain their own profile , their cadres , hopefully they continue strengthening their ranks ” , Chavez said .
Chavez also stressed that the Bolivarian Revolution has an important mission to ensure its continuity next year in the National Assembly elections scheduled for September 2010 .
“ Next year there is going to be a tough battle .
The opposition is doing the math and believes it will win a majority in the National Assembly , but we ’re going to give them a knockout in those elections ” , he assured .
The latest survey by the Venezuelan Institute for Data Analysis shows support for Chavez remains high at around 62.4 % , while support for the PSUV is much lower at 32.3 % .
Despite the gap between support for Chavez and support for the PSUV , the PSUV remains the most popular political party in Venezuela with opposition parties trailing far behind .
The Democratic Action ( Accion Democratica ) party enjoys 5.3 % support , Justice First ( Primero Justicia ) 4.4 % , A New Era ( Un Nuevo Tiempo ) 2.5 % , COPEI 2.2 % , while other smaller parties account for 4.8 % .
Socialists prepare for PSUV congress
Like a scene from The Shawshank Redemption , a Kiwi prisoner has cut his way to freedom with an angle grinder , leaving police with the taunt : " Catch me if u can . "
An infamous prison escapee , Kevin Polwart has done it again , this time breaking out of an Auckland prison using a concrete cutter given to him by jail staff .
The 49 - year - old robber left behind a cartoon drawing of a rabbit with the hand - written caption : " Catch me if u can . "
According to Kiwi media and the cops , the move was " classic Polwart " .
The escape artist liked to have a " bit of a profile " , even going so far as to regularly phone news networks with updates after he broke out of a Wellington jail with wire cutters in 2001 .
That time he spent 41 days on the run , calling in with witty commentary on life on the other side .
We have contacted Playboy and a rep says the photo did indeed run in one of its 1967 issues .
We are trying to get a copy and will update as soon as we get the info .
UPDATE : 2:34 PM ET
We 've now confirmed the photo was part of a Playboy spread in 1967 .
The image published in Playboy was published in color .
UPDATE : 1:11 PM ET
A rep from Playboy tells TMZ the photo ran as part of story titled , " Playboy 's Charter Yacht Party : How to Have a Ball on the Briny with an Able - Bodies Complement of Ship 's Belles . "
She says the photo was taken on one of the islands that make up the Grenadines ( Petit Rameau ) .
I could n’t make up something this stupid if I tried .
Glenn Greenwald :
Is n’t it fairly clear that the term “ terrorism ” is being applied to what Hasan did due to his religion rather than the acts themselves ?
It ’s about as clear as your prose , Greenwald .
Put another way , as ThinkProgress ’ Matt Duss put it : “ the definition of terrorism is not ‘ any violence by any Muslim anywhere at any time for any reason ’ . ”
But that — along with the repellent claim that saying “ Allahu Akbar ” is “ suggestive of terrorism , ” rather than suggestive of someone who is Muslim ( obviously the same thing in the minds of the people claiming that ) — is exactly what seems to be driving discussions of this attack .
Hold up .
Hold it just one second there .
It ’s a “ repellent claim ” to note that yelling “ Allahu Akbar ” during a shooting rampage is “ suggestive of terrorism ” ?
Yelling “ Allahu Akbar ” during a shooting rampage is merely suggestive of someone being Muslim — and not terrorism ?
I ’m at a loss for words to express how stupid Greenwald ’s claim is — and indeed , I need n’t mock it , because it mocks itself .
May I remind you : on September 11 , 2001 , Muslim hijackers aboard Flight 93 yelled that phrase as they piloted the plane into the ground .
Coincidence , I ’m sure .
If common sense is n’t enough for you — if you really need to rely a lawyerly - sounding definition of “ terrorism ” — how about the one used by the U.S. Department of Defense : “ The calculated use of violence or threat of violence to inculcate fear ; intended to coerce or try to intimidate governments or societies in the pursuit of goals that are generally political , religious , or ideological . ”
At the risk of explaining the painfully obvious : when you yell “ Allahu Akbar ” during a shooting rampage , that ’s evidence that the shooter had Allah ’s greatness on the brain during the time of the murder .
That suggests a religious motivation , which suggests terrorism .
When Greenwald characterizes as “ repellent ” the claim that shouting “ Allahu Akbar ” suggests terrorism , he is engaging in the same sort of political correctness that caused military brass to turn a blind eye to Hasan ’s extremist support of Muslim terrorism .
Which is to say , it ’s attitudes like Greenwald ’s that helped Nidal Hasan kill 13 people at Fort Hood .
But at least it gives him a little frisson of self - righteousness to accuse others of religious bigotry .
And in the end , is n’t that all that really matters ?
UPDATE : As Andy Levy notes in comments , Hasan killed 14 people , not 13 .
Explanation here .
I never thought I ’d actually see a pigs fly , but I guess anything ’s possible !
Fairgoers in Melbourne , Australia have been seeing pigs fly for the past nine years during the annual Royal Melbourne Show that takes place in September .
During the exhibition , pigs compete in races and diving contests to see who is top pig .
Unfortunately , each pig only competes for one season , so this is definitely her time to shine .
Israel said on Monday there was no deal yet on a prisoner swap with Hamas , as efforts appeared to gather pace on an accord that could see a Gaza - held soldier exchanged for hundreds of Palestinians .
" There is no deal yet , " Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told deputies from his right - wing Likud party , an official present at the meeting said .
" The question will be decided by the government and there will be a debate in the Knesset , " he said , referring to parliament .
He spoke amid growing rumours in Israel , Gaza and Egypt that a deal was imminent in German - mediated talks to swap Gilad Shalit , seized by Gaza militants in 2006 , for hundreds of Palestinian prisoners .
A day after Israeli President Shimon Peres spoke of " progress " in the talks , Shalit 's parents met senior officials and a Hamas delegation arrived in Egypt , a key player over months of indirect talks .
Reports that the Linux netbook is dead or dying are incorrect , at least globally , according to an analyst firm .
Nearly one - third of the 35 million netbooks on track to ship this year will come with some variant of the free , open - source operating system , ABI Research said .
The exact split is 32 % Linux versus 68 % Windows , said Jeff Orr , an analyst at ABI , which works out to about 11 million Linux netbooks this year .
That number contradicts third - party market figures , trumpeted by Microsoft , that showed Linux shipping on as few as 4 % of U.S. netbooks .
" Just because you live in the United States , do n't assume that everything is on Windows , " Orr said .
Orr said Ubuntu is a popular choice on netbooks , though he declined to confirm that with any hard statistics .
As netbooks running the ARM processor become a major factor , Orr predicted Linux will overtake Windows on netbooks by 2013 .
That will be driven by consumers in less - developed countries buying Linux netbooks as their primary PCs , rather than North American consumers buying netbooks as secondary machines as predominates today .
While U.S. consumers sometimes appear to have a love - hate relationship with Windows , those non-U.S. consumers have less experience with Windows -- and thus less reliance , Orr said .
For emerging ARM - based netbooks ,
Orr suggested that Microsoft adopt the same strategy that it did last year to wrest away Linux 's initial lead on the hot netbook market , which was to cut the price of Windows XP .
That could mean offering Windows Embedded CE or Windows Mobile , both of which already run on ARM , at a discount to netbook manufacturers , he said , in order to stave off platforms such as Google Inc. 's Android or Chrome OS , or the Intel Corp. - created Moblin .
" They need to get a play started now , " he said .
In a statement , Microsoft maintained that " over 93 % of worldwide small notebook PCs run Windows today .
" With the recent launch of Windows 7 , we believe that trend will continue , " the company said .
Microsoft touted Windows Embedded CE 6.0 R3 for ARM , but declined to say whether it would cut its license price to win manufacturers .
Microsoft has also resisted calls to endorsements from ARM vendors , such as Nvidia Inc. , whose Tegra chips run Windows CE for Microsoft 's Zune player , and the purported ease and power of developing on Windows CE .
ABI said its 35 million shipment figure is a reaffirmation of an earlier forecast that itself was a slight tweak of its January forecast of 39 million netbook shipments in 2009 .
" That seemed aggressive at the time , but it 's happening , no doubt about it , " Orr said .
The largest share of netbook sales is in the Asia - Pacific region , including Japan , Australia and New Zealand .
The only market that has failed to match earlier expectations , he said , is China , where inexpensive ( US $ 250 ) , no - name netbooks have not sold as well as predicted .
Only 17 % of netbooks this year will be sold through mobile operators , with the vast majority being sold via retail , said Orr. Consumers have been reluctant to pay for expensive 3G data service contracts , which average $ 60 a month , since they mostly treat netbooks as secondary machines .
" Wi - Fi is good enough today , " he said .
That will change , he said , as more buyers get netbooks as their primary machine .
Two categories that ABI says were nearly dead are also either reviving or due for a comeback .
Mobile Internet Devices ( MIDs ) , which by ABI 's definition include Nokia 's N900 and Nokia 's ill - fated N810 and exclude more full - featured portable devices , only had 30,000 shipments worldwide last year .
That should grow to 1 million MIDs worldwide this year , Orr said .
Meanwhile , ultra-mobile PCs ( UMPCs ) , which ABI defines as tiny , pricey laptops running full Windows , also crashed and burned this year as a category , with the closure of vendors like OQO Inc .
UMPCs could come back as thin - and - light notebooks running ultra- low - voltage processors such as Intel 's CULV or AMD 's Neo , he said .
Those would ideally cost between $ 500 and $ 750 , so as to slot themselves between netbooks and regular laptops , he said .
Please see the main article on Amanita muscaria , and how it is edible if parboiled for an introduction to the edibility of Amanita muscaria .
Please download , read , and share my article on the edibility of Amanita muscaria co-authored with David Arora and published in the peer review journal Economic Botany in 2008 :
“ Amanita muscaria : A case study of cultural bias in mushroom field guides ’ determination of edibility , ” Economic Botany , New York Botanical Garden , New York , 62 ( 3 ) pp. 223-243 2008 .
As the article explains , Amanita muscaria is not poisonous in the sense it can kill you .
It is poisonous in the sense that if not parboiled in plentiful water ( the “ toxins ” are water soluble ) , then raw or undercooked mushrooms eaten ( in moderation ) will cause you to become inebriated and possibly nauseous .
Becoming sick to ones stomach is the most common meaning to “ poisonous ” in mushroom field guides although one must always remember that there are mushrooms that are poisonous in the absolute sense that dinner - sized portions can either kill you or cause serious organ damage .
But Amanita muscaria is not poisonous in that sense .
[ Haskell - cafe ] ANNOUNCE : PCLT - 0.1 and PCLT - DB -0.1
Hello , cafe !
It 's an honor for me to announce my first two packages , I developed in Haskell : ** http://hackage.haskell.org/package/PCLT
** http://hackage.haskell.org/package/PCLT-DB
" PCLT " is an abbreviation for " Parametric Composable Localizable Templates " - in fact it should also hold Detalizable .
Term " Detailizable content ( message ) " in this package has a following meaning : some content , representing which it is possible to regulate , in how much details it is represented .
" Localizable " means " localizable in languages " , which is " a message is available in multiple languages " .
" Composable " - it is possible to compose multiple templates into one .
Conceptually , this package is a powerful extension to the well known
Show class .
Whenever you feel , that common
Show is not enough for your needs , please consider using my PCLT .
The extension is thought to be embedded in any Haskell program , which requires multilingual support , and / or where messages should be detailizable .
PCLT - DB is an addon to PCLT , which enhances catalog with PostgreSQL powers .
ER diagram : http://i1.fastpic.ru/big/2009/1212/f0/5b9845716e5a6984e9bc9d62a61928f0.png
Both packages are well documented , has " Hello World " examples , and are selfexamples - the PCLT errors representations are available in two languages : English and Russian .
Used license : LGPL .
Regards , Andrey Sisoyev --
View this message in context : http://old.nabble.com/ANNOUNCE%3A-PCLT-0.1-and-PCLT-DB-0.1-tp26754004p26754004.html
Sent from the Haskell - Haskell - Cafe mailing list archive at Nabble.com .
Colonies of billions of Bacillus subtilis bacteria exhibit the complex structures that sometimes form under environmental stress .
Image : Eshel Ben Jacob and Herbert Levine
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Scientists studying how bacteria under stress collectively weigh and initiate different survival strategies say they have gained new insights into how humans make strategic decisions that affect their health , wealth and the fate of others in society .
Their study , published this week in the early online edition of the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , was accomplished when the scientists applied the mathematical techniques used in physics to describe the complex interplay of genes and proteins that colonies of bacteria rely upon to initiate different survival strategies during times of environmental stress .
Using the mathematical tools of theoretical physics and chemistry to describe complex biological systems is becoming more commonplace in the emerging field of theoretical biological physics .
The authors of the new study are theoretical physicists and chemists at the University of California , San Diego 's Center for Theoretical Biological Physics , the nation 's center for this activity funded by the National Science Foundation , and Tel Aviv University in Israel .
They say that how genes are turned on and off in bacteria living under conditions of stress not only shed light on how complex biological systems interact , but provide insights for economists and political scientists applying mathematical models to describe complex human decision making .
" Everyone knows the need to try to postpone important decisions until the last moment but apparently there are simple creatures that do it well and therefore can really teach us — the bacteria , " said Eshel Ben Jacob , a physics professor at Tel Aviv University and a fellow of the Center for Theoretical Biological Physics .
He co-authored the study with three other scientists at the center : José Onuchic , a professor of physics at UC San Diego and a co-director of the center , Peter Wolynes , a professor of physics and chemistry at UC San Diego and Daniel Schultz , a postdoctoral researcher at UC San Diego .
In nature , bacteria live in large colonies whose numbers may reach up to 100 times the number of people on earth .
Many bacteria respond to extreme stress — such as starvation , poisoning and irradiation — by creating spores , dormant states that are highly resistant to the outside environment and that can germinate into fully functioning bacteria once the environment improves .
The response involves more than 500 genes and takes about 10 hours in Bacillus subtilis , the bacterium used by the scientists in their study .
Each bacterium in the colony communicates via chemical messages and performs a sophisticated decision making process using a specialized network of genes and proteins .
Modeling this complex interplay of genes and proteins by the bacteria enabled the scientists to assess the pros and cons of different choices in game theory , a branch of mathematics that attempts to model decision making by humans , in which an individual 's success in making choices depends on the choices of others .
When bacteria form spores , the mother cell dies , but not before it stores a copy of its DNA in a special capsule called the spore .
The mother cell then breaks open and its DNA and remaining proteins are released to the environment .
The bacteria on the road to spore formation do n’t always form spores .
They can change their fate and escape into a different state called " competence . "
In this state , the bacteria change their membranes to allow the easy absorption of material from the dying cells .
This allows for the creation of a " competence intermediate state , " in which the bacteria hope to survive even under these unfriendly conditions .
When normal conditions are restored , bacteria return to normal life without having to make a spore .
The advantage of this situation is the ability of quickly returning to normality , but there is also a disadvantage : likely death if the conditions get even worse .
As a result , each bacterium has a dilemma .
" It pays for the individual cell to take the risk and escape into competence only if it notices that the majority of the cells decide to sporulate , " explained Onuchic .
" But if this is the case , it should not take this chance because most of the other cells might reach the same conclusion and escape from sporulation .
Observations have shown that indeed only about 10 percent of the bacteria enter into competence .
But how they make this decision and which cells take this chance have been a mystery . "
The researchers discovered in their study that the bacteria ’s game theory decision making process is far more advanced than the well - known game theory problem known as the Prisoner 's Dilemma .
Classic Prisoner 's Dilemma , when applied to two prisoners , gives them the following offer :
If only one prisoner pleads guilty , the one that cooperates gets two years in jail while the other one gets six years .
If both of them admit guilt , then they will be imprisoned for four years .
However , if none of them pleads guilty , they go free with no punishment .
The temptation is not to admit anything , but the prisoners never know whether or not the other prisoner cooperated and pled guilty .
Because the number of participants in a bacterial colony can be up to 100 times the number of people on earth , the bacteria need to construct a more complex form of game theory .
The rapidly changing environmental conditions they face means also bacteria have limited time to decide .
" Prisoner 's Dilemma for bacteria is more complex , " said Ben Jacob .
" Each bacterium must decide whether to become a spore ; that is , to cooperate , or escape into competence , or take advantage of the others , while it has a limited time to decide while a clock is ticking .
We discovered that each cell has an internal timer whose pace changes according to the stress it experiences — the pace goes up for higher stress decisions such as in humans .
Our internal clock speeds up under danger because of the secretion of adrenaline and therefore we have the sensation of time slowing down .
In addition to internal stress , each bacterium adjusts the pace of its timer accordingly to the stress of its peers and their intention to sporulate or to go into competence . "
According to Onuchic , bacteria usually do not cheat their friends and inform them by sending chemical messages about their true intensions .
" We have developed for the first time a system level model of a large gene network to decipher the underlying principles of the bacteria game theory and how an internal network of genes and proteins is used to calculate risks in this complicated situation , " he said .
This has applications to human society because many people encounter similar dilemmas during their own lives .
For example , should people ignore side effects and vaccinate against a new potentially lethal virus or should they not vaccinate and take the risk of being infected with the possible consequences ?
If the majority of the population is going to get vaccinated , then it is better for each individual not to get vaccinated .
However , if most people will not be vaccinated then it is better to be vaccinated .
" What each bacterium is doing is the equivalent if each individual on earth was able receive the exact information about the rate of spread of this new virus , the exact information about the intensions , to be vaccinated or not , by each person on the planet , and in addition the exact information about the health risks of side effects or being infected , ” said Ben Jacob .
“ A decision is then made in the context of this vast amount of information . "
" We have shown how the bacteria do this complex calculation according to well - defined principles , " added Onuchic .
" We learned a simple rule : Anyone who needs to make a decision under pressure in life , especially if it is a possible death decision , will take its time .
She or he will review the trends of change , will render all possible chances and risks , and only then react . "
" Another interesting fact is that the same cells in the same environment , in this case , bacteria in the colony , can actually in a statistical matter choose two different outcomes : sporulation or competence .
This leads us to speculate whether similar ideas can be extrapolated to explain the decisions of cells to develop cancer :
Can a similar cell in a tissue make the decision to duplicate normally or to modify into a cancer cell ?
How does this stochastic process affect life , biology , evolution and disease is an interesting challenge that will be at the center of questions answered at the interface of the physical and life sciences . "
Provided by University of California - San Diego ( news : web )
Explore further Can cannibalism fight infections ?
Yet that boost would be as nothing in comparison with what would be unleashed by the as - yet - unfinished Doha Round .
These negotiations , which have been going on for eight years , finally tackle those restrictions on trade , such as border control issues , that are far less visible than tariffs or subsidies , but just as important .
Everyone should benefit : rich countries will be able to earn more from exports of high - technology products ; emerging economies will increase exports of industrial goods ; and the poorest will be freer to send agricultural goods around the world .
By
Phil Hearse 's polemic against my pamphlet proceeds from a fundamentally false assumption , i.e. , that it " attempts [ to give ] a general strategic view " of revolution in " the semi- colonial and dependent semi- industrialised countries " .
He alleges that my pamphlet presents Lenin 's policy of carrying out the proletarian revolution in semi-feudal Russia in two stages ( a bourgeois democratic and then a socialist stage ) " as a general schema for the ' Third World ' today " .
Nowhere in the pamphlet do I make such a claim .
It 's true that the basic conclusion I make is that the Leninist theory and policy of a two - stage , uninterrupted revolution is superior to Trotsky 's permanent revolution theory as a guide to action in countries where Trotsky thought his theory had general applicability , i.e. , as Trotsky put it in his 1928 pamphlet The Permanent Revolution , " countries with a belated bourgeois development " in which the peasantry constitutes the " majority of the population " .
[ 1 ] all semi-colonial countries today .
Hearse , on the other hand , gives the impression , though he does not explicitly state this , that he thinks Trotsky 's theory of permanent revolution does provide such a " general schema " .
The aim of my pamphlet , contrary to Hearse 's allegation , was not to set out a " general schema " for revolution in all semi-colonial countries today .
It was , as I explicitly stated in the introduction , to discuss where and how Trotsky 's theory differed from Lenin 's policy for carrying out a socialist revolution in semi-feudal Russia .
That 's why I stated in the introduction : " I have limited the discussion of Trotsky 's theory of permanent revolution to those aspects of his theory which differ from the theory and policy of Leninism " and that I would concentrate on " the innumerable distortions of Lenin 's views on the question of the class dynamics of the Russian revolution made by … Trotsky himself " .
Hearse criticises my pamphlet for not " attempting to reassess Lenin 's and Trotsky 's theories in the light of historical and contemporary experience " .
This criticism is misconceived for two reasons .
The first is that I do attempt to assess " Lenin 's and Trotsky 's theories " in the light of historical experience the experience of the October Revolution ( which was the crucial test of both theories , since both of them were formulated specifically as guides to action for the Russian working class ) .
Secondly , before a scientific attempt can be made to reassess either of these theories in the light of contemporary experience , it is necessary that their actual content be understood .
My pamphlet was a contribution to the latter task .
Unfortunately , Hearse 's polemic against my pamphlet repeats every one of the distortions of Lenin 's policy that Trotsky made , though often with his own particular twist .
In responding to Hearse 's criticisms , I am therefore forced to again take up the task of refuting these distortions .
Before the October Revolution , neither Lenin nor Trotsky presented their views on the class dynamics of the Russian revolution , and what this meant for Marxist policy , as having applicability to any country other than Russia .
It was only after October that they argued , as Lenin put it in his 1920 essay " Left - Wing " Communism an infantile disorder , that certain " features of our revolution have a significance that is not local , or peculiarly national , or Russian alone , but international " . [ 2 ]
Thus Lenin , for example , in his November 1918 polemical work The Proletarian Revolution and the Renegade Kautsky , made the point that " a general peasant revolution is still a bourgeois revolution , and that without a series of transitions , of transitional stages , it cannot be transformed into a socialist revolution in a backward country " . [ 3 ]
Hearse clearly disagrees with this proposition , though he does not specifically criticise Lenin 's November 1918 restatement of it , preferring instead to criticise a presentation of it made 13 years earlier in Lenin 's July 1905 pamphlet Two Tactics of Social - Democracy in the Democratic Revolution .
The thrust of these passages is that the complete ( " decisive " ) victory of the democratic revolution in Russia can be achieved only through replacement of the tsarist state with a revolutionary dictatorship of the workers and peasants a government that is based upon institutions that arise out of an armed insurrection of the workers and peasants and that uses the military force of the armed workers and peasants to suppress the counter - revolutionary resistance of the landlords , the capitalists and the commanding personnel of the tsarist army .
Lenin points out that the immediate task of this revolutionary worker - peasant state power will be to complete the democratic revolution by realising " the changes urgently and absolutely indispensable to the proletariat and the peasantry " , i.e. , to establish consistent and full democracy , to bring about a radical redistribution of landed property in favour of the peasantry and to lay the foundations for a thorough improvement in the working conditions of the workers and their standard of living .
The realisation of these changes , Lenin explains , will " not immediately overstep the bounds of bourgeois social and economic relationships " , i.e. , they will not immediately begin to replace capitalist commodity relations in the sphere of production with the centrally planned production and distribution of producer goods .
Hence , their realisation will not immediately transform the revolution from a bourgeois revolution into a socialist revolution .
That task will require a " series of intermediary stages of revolutionary development " . [ 4 ]
According to Hearse , in Two Tactics Lenin argued that the workers and peasants should strive for " the establishment of a bourgeois republic by revolutionary means , against the resistance of the bourgeoisie itself " .
Furthermore :
Socialist perspectives are postponed until after " a whole series of transitional stages of revolutionary development " ( and it is obvious that he did not mean by this the " few months " to which he referred in Economics and Politics in the Era of the Dictatorship of the Proletariat ) .
Hearse poses the question : " How can ' a few months ' , with Soviet power , a Bolshevik - led government and a regime of workers ' control , be described as a ' stage ' in any but the most doctrinaire accounts ? "
This question is rhetorically directed against the description that I gave in my pamphlet of the course of development of the proletarian revolution in Russia .
Basing myself on the assessment that Lenin gave to the Bolshevik Party 's eighth congress in March 1919 , I explained that the revolution had passed through two stages : a bourgeois democratic stage ( from November 1917 until June - July 1918 ) followed by the beginning of the stage of socialist revolution ( July to November 1918 ) .
Here is what Lenin stated in the " Report on Work in the Countryside " adopted by the Bolshevik Party 's eighth congress :
In October 1917 we seized power together with the peasants as a whole .
This was a bourgeois revolution , in as much as the class struggle in the rural districts had not yet developed .
As I have said , the real proletarian revolution in the rural districts began only in the summer of 1918 .
Had we not succeeded in stirring up this revolution our work would have been incomplete .
The first stage was the seizure of power in the cities and the establishment of the Soviet form of government .
The second stage was one which is fundamental for all socialists and without which socialists are not socialists , namely , to single out the proletarian and semi-proletarian elements in the rural districts and to ally them to the proletariat in order to wage the struggle against the bourgeoisie in the countryside .
This stage is also in the main completed . [ 5 ]
Hearse evidently regards Lenin 's use of the word " stage " to describe the first period of the October Revolution the period in which the proletariat allied itself with the peasants in general to carry to completion the bourgeois democratic revolution as one of the " most doctrinaire accounts " .
Why ?
Is it because Lenin 's description of the development of the October Revolution contradicts Hearse 's view that " the working class , supported by the poor peasantry , seized power in a socialist revolution in October 1917 , and first proceeded to solve the democratic tasks of the revolution , but combined this with tasks of the socialist revolution from the beginning " ( my emphasis ) ?
To describe as a " stage " a period of development the " few months " in which the measures carried out by the Soviet power did not " overstep the bounds of bourgeois social and economic relationships " , might call Hearse 's view into question .
It might even force him to acknowledge that " a general peasant revolution is still a bourgeois revolution , and that without a series of transitions , of transitional stages , it cannot be transformed into a socialist revolution in a backward country " .
Recognising this did not mean , as Hearse alleges , that " socialist perspectives " in Russia were to be " postponed until after a ' whole series of transitional stages of revolutionary development ' " had been carried out .
Rather , it meant that " socialist perspectives " could be realised only through the carrying out of a series of transitional steps .
This should hardly be a novel concept for Marxists .
Is n't it exactly how Marx and Engels presented the strategic line of march of the proletarian revolution in our movement 's first programmatic document , written more than 150 years ago ?
Here is what they wrote :
We have seen above , that the first step in the revolution by the working class , is to raise the proletariat to the position of ruling class , to win the battle of democracy .
The proletariat will use its political supremacy to wrest , by degrees , all capital from the bourgeoisie , to centralise all instruments of production in the hands of the State , i.e. , of the proletariat organised as the ruling class , and to increase the total of productive forces as rapidly as possible .
Of course , in the beginning , this cannot be effected except by means of despotic inroads on the rights of property , and on the conditions of bourgeois production ; by means of measures , therefore , which appear economically insufficient and untenable , but which , in the course of the movement , outstrip themselves , necessitate further inroads upon the old social order , and are unavoidable as a means of entirely revolutionising the mode of production . [ 6 ]
Lenin 's socialist perspective , i.e. , his perspective for carrying out a socialist revolution in semi-feudal Russia , was nothing more than a specific application of this strategic line of march in a backward country in which the peasantry constituted the overwhelming majority of the population .
The first step of the proletarian revolution in Russia was to " raise the proletariat to the position of ruling class " by establishing consistent and full democracy , or , as Lenin put it in March 1919 , " the seizure of power in the cities and the establishment of the Soviet form of government " .
The Russian workers , however , could not do this without an alliance with the majority of the population the poor , or semi-proletarian , section of the peasantry .
But the immediate aim of the poor peasants was not the " centralisation of all instruments of production in the hands … of the proletariat organised as the ruling class " .
Their immediate aim , which they shared with the bourgeois and petty - bourgeois elements of the peasantry ( the rich and middle peasants ) , was to abolish the private , hereditary , ownership of land by the big landowners , by the semi- feudal nobility , and to convert farm land into a commodity .
The Bolsheviks therefore sought to combine the first step of the proletarian revolution ( establishing and consolidating the proletariat 's political supremacy over the capitalists ) with a general peasant revolution .
During this first period of development of the proletarian revolution in Russia , the revolution would therefore " not immediately overstep the bounds of bourgeois social and economic relationships " , i.e. , it would not yet be a socialist revolution in its social content .
To transform the democratic revolution in Russia into a socialist revolution , the proletariat would , in Lenin 's view , have to use its political supremacy ( once this was consolidated ) to forge an alliance with the poor peasants to expropriate bourgeois property in the cities and villages .
This transformation of the social content of the revolution could be effected only by means of a series of transitional measures , i.e. , a series of measures " which appear economically insufficient and untenable , but which , in the course of the movement , outstrip themselves , necessitate further inroads upon the old social order " , and which culminate in the centralisation of the decisive means of production in the hands of the proletarian state .
In his November 1918 pamphlet The Proletarian Revolution and the Renegade Kautsky , Lenin explained that this Bolshevik policy can be found outlined in his July 1905 pamphlet Two Tactics of Social - Democracy in the Democratic Revolution .
Hearse , however , accuses Lenin of deceiving his readers .
According to Hearse , in Two Tactics Lenin limited the Bolsheviks ' aims in the democratic revolution to " the establishment of a bourgeois republic by revolutionary means " and postponed any perspective of a socialist revolution in Russia until after the " development of fully capitalist relations in agriculture , i.e. , bourgeois farmers and agricultural proletarians " .
Hearse cites a number of passages from Two Tactics as supposed evidence of his latter claim .
One of these was directed against the Socialist Revolutionaries , who believed that a general peasant revolution that destroyed the semi-feudal landlord system would , in and of itself , destroy capitalism in Russia :
Marxists are absolutely convinced of the bourgeois character of the Russian revolution .
What does this mean ?
It means that the democratic reforms in the political system , and the social and economic reforms that have become a necessity for Russia , do not in themselves imply the undermining of capitalism , the undermining of bourgeois rule ; on the contrary , they will , for the first time , really clear the ground for a wide and rapid , European , and not Asiatic [ i.e. , retarded ] , development of capitalism ; they will for the first time , make it possible for the bourgeoisie to rule as a class . [ 7 ]
Lenin 's argument here is simply a restatement of an elementary precept of historical materialism and Marxist economic theory , i.e. , that complete elimination of the remnants of feudalism in Russia ( the destruction of the tsarist autocracy and the semi- feudal landlord system ) would create the optimum economic conditions for the development of capitalism , especially in the countryside , where 80 % of tsarist Russia 's population lived .
Lenin went on to point out that a " bourgeois revolution is a revolution which does not depart from the framework of the bourgeois , i.e. , capitalist , socio- economic system " , that it " expresses the needs of capitalist development , and , far from destroying the foundations of capitalism , it effects the contrary it broadens and deepens them " because it destroys all the pre-capitalist survivals that impede the spontaneous development of capitalist commodity relations , i.e. , a market economy .
But far from arguing that the working class should limit its struggle to what was compatible with the establishment of bourgeois rule , Lenin argued in Two Tactics that the workers should seek to carry through the struggle for democracy in precisely such a way as would maximise the prospects for creating a proletarian democracy and the overthrow of capitalism in Russia .
He wrote :
The complete victory of the present revolution will mark the end of the democratic revolution and the beginning of a determined struggle for a socialist revolution .
Satisfaction of the present - day demands of the peasantry , the utter rout of reaction and the achievement of a democratic republic will mark the utter limit of the revolutionism of the [ peasant ] bourgeoisie , and even that of the petty bourgeoisie , and the beginning of the proletariat 's real struggle for socialism .
The more complete the democratic revolution , the sooner , the more widespread , the cleaner , and the more determined will the development of this new struggle be .
The slogan of a " democratic " dictatorship [ of the workers and peasants DL ] expresses the historically limited nature of the present [ democratic ] revolution and the necessity of a new struggle on the basis of the new order for the complete emancipation of the working class from all oppression and all exploitation .
In other words , when the democratic bourgeoisie or petty bourgeoisie ascends another step , when not only the revolution but the complete victory of the revolution becomes an accomplished fact , we shall " change " ( perhaps amid the horrified cries of new and future Martynovs ) the slogan of the democratic dictatorship to the slogan of a socialist dictatorship of the proletariat , i.e. , the full socialist revolution . [ 8 ]
After citing his supposed evidence from Two Tactics that Lenin 's perspective was limited to completing the bourgeois revolution so as to enable the bourgeoisie to rule as a class , Hearse poses the following question to me : " Is this what happened in 1917 ?
That the revolution for the first time made it possible for the bourgeoisie to rule as a class ? "
My answer to this question is very simple : while this was not the aim of Lenin 's policy , it is what actually happened in 1917 .
Or does Hearse deny that the initial phase of the workers ' and peasants ' democratic revolution in Russia in 1917 the February Revolution enabled a transfer of state power from the semi-feudal autocracy to the political representatives of the big bourgeoisie , organised in the Provisional Government ?
According to Hearse , " From the beginning [ of the October Revolution ] , according to Trotsky 's conception , the working class held the power ( which is , logically , the very definition of a socialist revolution , according to this conception ) " .
However , he is unable to stick consistently to this conception .
This is because he knows that the conception he has just attributed to Trotsky ( the seizure of state power by the working class is " the very definition of a socialist revolution " ) is not the Marxist conception of the socialist revolution .
As we have already seen , the socialist revolution in Marx 's view is the centralisation of all instruments of production in the hands of the proletarian state .
Hearse later acknowledges that , for there to be a socialist revolution , there must be socialisation of the ownership of the means of production .
However , once he makes this concession to the Marxist conception of the socialist revolution , he is driven by his need to defend permanent revolution against the dreaded " two - stage theory " to go the opposite extreme , i.e. , to separate socialisation of the ownership of means of production from the necessary first step in the proletarian revolution the conquest of state power .
Under a section of his article subheaded " Lessons of Spain " , he claims that in July 1936 , in response to General Franco 's pro-fascist revolt , the workers in Catalonia " socialised just about everything " .
Hearse argues : " Any two - stage theory indeed , any attempt to delay , prevent or obstruct spontaneous socialisation meant repressing the revolution , which is exactly what the Stalinists did " .
Like most Trotskyists when arguing against the Leninist policy of a two - stage , uninterrupted revolution , Hearse implies that adherents of this policy will somehow inexorably be drawn to advocate the implementation of the neo-Menshevik class - collaborationist counterfeit of this policy put forward by the Stalinists in the late 1920s .
Hence we are told by him :
Lorimer 's theory cannot explain the blood of Spain .
If national and democratic revolution has to be achieved first , before measures of socialisation ; if combining socialist measures with national and democratic tasks simultaneously is a priori incorrect ; then the actions of the working class in Barcelona were ultra- left , exactly as the Stalinists said .
Contrary to what Hearse implies here , I do not think these actions were " ultra - left " .
But nor do I agree with him when he claims they amounted to the " socialisation " of the ownership of the means of production .
For the working class in Catalonia in 1936 - 37 to have even begun the socialisation of the ownership of means of production , they would first have had to do what the Russian workers did on October 25 ( November 7 ) , 1917 , i.e. , raise themselves to the position of ruling class by effecting a revolutionary transfer of political power from the bourgeois republican government to a workers and peasants ' government .
As the US Trotskyist Felix Morrow observed in his November 1937 pamphlet Revolution and Counter - Revolution in Spain :
Under contemporary capitalism , finance capital dominates manufacturing and transportation .
This law of economics was not abrogated because the workers had seized the factories and railroads .
All that the workers had done in seizing these enterprises was to transform them into producers ' co-operatives , still subject to the laws of capitalist economics .
Before they could be freed from these laws , all industry and land , together with bank capital and gold and silver reserves , would have to become the property of a workers ' state .
But this required overthrowing the bourgeois state . [ 9 ]
Without the expropriation of factories , mines , banks , railways , etc. , by a proletarian state power , the seizure of the factories by individual groups of workers amounted , not to socialisation , but rather , as Morrow put it , to " syndicalist capitalism " " a form of producers ' co-operatives , in which the workers divided the profits " and in which " real planning was impossible " . [ 10 ]
The identification of the factory takeovers in Catalonia as the " socialisation " of industry was how the anarchists conceived of the socialist revolution .
The spontaneous working - class revolt in Catalonia went down to defeat in large part because the workers ' anarchist and POUMist leaders in practice rejected the Marxist perspective on how to achieve working - class power in favour of carrying out a Menshevik , i.e. , class - collaborationist , policy in relation to the bourgeois republican government .
Hearse complains that in my pamphlet I make " just one reference to Spain " .
In fact , I did not make even one reference to Spain I cited a comment about Russia made by Trotsky in an article he wrote on Spain .
Perhaps I should have commented on the Spanish Civil War .
It might have spared us from being given a lecture by Hearse on the " Lessons of Spain " in which he attempts to teach us that the Marxist conception of the socialist revolution is identical with the anarchist conception !
Hearse 's attempt to use the experience of the Spanish revolution to show that it " wrecks " my " ' two - stage ' schema " and demonstrates the superiority of Trotsky 's permanent revolution theory , fails entirely .
That 's because he examined this experience with a false theoretical framework , the idea that the socialist revolution ( " measures of socialisation " ) can be carried out simultaneously with the tasks of the democratic revolution .
In attempting to justify this conception , Hearse also claimed that " according to Trotsky 's conception " , the seizure of power by the working class is " logically , the very definition of a socialist revolution " .
Trotsky 's article on Spain which I quoted from in my pamphlet shows that this was not Trotsky 's conception of the socialist revolution .
Two paragraphs below the one that I quoted , Trotsky wrote :
The fact is that the dictatorship of the proletariat does not at all coincide mechanically with the inception of the socialist revolution .
The seizure of power by the working class occurs in definite national surroundings , in a definite period , for the solution of definite tasks .
In backward nations , such immediate tasks have a democratic character : the national liberation from imperialist subjugation and the agrarian revolution , as in China ; the agrarian revolution and the liberation of the oppressed nationalities as in Russia .
We see the same thing at present in Spain , even though in a different combination .
Lenin even said that the proletariat in Russia came to power in October 1917 primarily as an agent of the bourgeois - democratic revolution .
The victorious proletariat began with the solution of the democratic tasks , and only gradually , by the logic of its rule , did it take up the socialist tasks …
This is precisely what Lenin called the growing over of the democratic revolution into the socialist . [ 11 ]
Lenin presented a basically similar assessment of the October Revolution in his 1918 pamphlet The Proletarian Revolution and the Renegade Kautsky , writing :
The Bolsheviks remained loyal to Marxism and never tried ( in spite of Kautsky , who without a scrap of evidence , accuses us of doing so ) to " skip " the bourgeois - democratic revolution .
The Bolsheviks , first of all , helped the most radical , most revolutionary of the bourgeois - democratic ideologists of the peasants , those who stood closest to the proletariat , namely the Left Socialist - Revolutionaries , to carry out what was in effect nationalisation of the land .
On October 26 , 1917 , i.e. , on the very first day of the proletarian , socialist revolution , private ownership of land was abolished in Russia .
This laid the foundation , the most perfect from the point of view of the development of capitalism ( Kautsky cannot deny this without breaking with Marx ) , and at the same time created an agrarian system which is the most flexible from the point of view of the transition to socialism .
From the bourgeois - democratic point of view , the revolutionary peasants in Russia could go no further : there can be nothing " more ideal " from this point of view , nothing " more radical " ( from this same point of view ) than nationalisation of the land and equal land tenure .
It was the Bolsheviks , and only the Bolsheviks , who , thanks only to the victory of the proletarian revolution , helped the peasants to carry the bourgeois - democratic revolution really to its conclusion .
And only in this way did they do the utmost to facilitate and accelerate the transition to the socialist revolution . [ 12 ]
In July 1905 in Two Tactics , Lenin argued that the workers and peasants ' revolution in Russia would have a bourgeois character , i.e. , far from " the undermining of capitalism " , it would " for the first time , really clear the ground for a wide and rapid , European , and not Asiatic , development of capitalism " . [ 13 ]
Writing in November 1918 , a year after the coming to power of a workers and peasants ' government in Russia , Lenin explained that the proletarian revolution created the foundation for the " most perfect " development of capitalism precisely because it helped the peasants " to carry the bourgeois - democratic revolution really to its conclusion " by nationalising the land and thus turning it into a commodity , i.e. , making it available to be rented from the state .
Clearly , Hearse did not read The Proletarian Revolution and the Renegade Kautsky before he dashed off his polemic .
Otherwise , he might have recognised that there is an " identity to Lenin 's positions over the years 1905 - 17 " .
What is the source of Hearse 's inability to recognise that there was n't a logical contradiction in the argument made by Lenin in Two Tactics that the coming to power of a worker - peasant alliance ( led by the proletarian vanguard ) would not immediately undermine capitalist socio- economic relations , but widen them ?
It is his failure to understand that it is " the alliance between the proletariat and the peasants in general that reveals the bourgeois character of the revolution " , and therefore a " general peasant revolution is still a bourgeois revolution , and that without a series of transitions , of transitional stages , it cannot be transformed into a socialist revolution " .
But , Hearse might respond , does n't Lenin say in the passage quoted above , that October 26 , 1917 , was " the very first day of the proletarian , socialist revolution " ?
True enough , he does .
But he also says that it was only thanks to the " victory of the proletarian revolution " that the Bolsheviks " did the utmost to facilitate and accelerate the transition to the socialist revolution " .
How can the victory of the proletarian , socialist revolution facilitate and accelerate a transition to the socialist revolution ?
Is n't there a logical contradiction here ?
There undoubtedly is for those who can see nothing but the antithesis between bourgeois revolution and proletarian revolution and who interpret even this antithesis in an utterly lifeless way .
In a semi- feudal country like Russia , as Lenin explained , the proletariat had to begin the socialist revolution by first carrying to completion the tasks of the uncompleted bourgeois - democratic revolution .
Only by doing so could the proletariat create the socio-political conditions for rallying the majority of Russia 's population the semi-proletarian section of the peasantry to support the implementation of socialist measures , i.e. , the centralisation of all large - scale production in the hands of the proletariat organised as the ruling class .
In my pamphlet I argued that Lenin 's formula of a revolutionary - democratic dictatorship of the proletariat and the peasantry expressed the idea of a special form of proletarian dictatorship , of proletarian state power .
Hearse cites my argument , claiming that it is an attempt on my part to " guard " my " back " because I know " very well that the Bolsheviks routinely described their regime from the first day of the revolution as the ' dictatorship of the proletariat ' " .
He adds : " But in accepting that it was , in essence , the dictatorship of the proletariat , Lorimer is despite himself forced to veer towards permanentist perspectives " .
As supposed proof of this , Hearse cites the following passage ( which I also cited in my pamphlet ) from the 1929 article " What is the Permanent Revolution ?
Basic Postulates " that Trotsky appended to his 1928 book The Permanent Revolution :
No matter what the first episodic stages of the revolution might be in the individual countries , the realisation of the revolutionary alliance between the proletariat and the peasantry is conceivable only under the leadership of the proletarian vanguard …
This in turn means that the victory of the democratic revolution is conceivable only through the dictatorship of the proletariat which bases itself upon the alliance with the peasantry and solves first of all the tasks of the democratic revolution . [ 14 ]
Hearse follows this quote with the observation , which I would not dispute , that " there is a difference in emphasis between this quote and what Doug Lorimer says .
But the similarity of positions a worker - peasant alliance to create the proletarian dictatorship and solve the democratic tasks will be obvious to anyone but the most doctrinaire " .
But then he makes the claim that what " is equally obvious is that neither of these two positions is anything like that defended by Lenin in 1905 or 1908 " .
Really ?
What else does Lenin 's formula of " a revolutionary - democratic dictatorship of the proletariat and the peasantry " mean other than the conquest of state power by the proletariat in alliance with the peasantry to solve first of all the tasks of the democratic revolution ?
Indeed , is n't that precisely how Trotsky in 1929 interpreted Lenin 's formula ?
Immediately after he stated that " the victory of the democratic revolution is conceivable only through the dictatorship of the proletariat which bases itself upon the alliance with the peasantry and solves first of all the tasks of the democratic revolution " , Trotsky made the following comment : " Assessed historically , the old slogan of Bolshevism " the democratic dictatorship of the proletariat and peasantry " expressed precisely the above - characterised relationship of the proletariat , the peasantry and the liberal bourgeoisie .
This has been confirmed by the experience of October . " [ 15 ]
Hearse , however , asserts that for Lenin the democratic worker - peasant dictatorship signified a " bourgeois republic " .
The only evidence Hearse provides to support this assertion is that Lenin argued that the immediate task of this revolutionary state power would be to complete the bourgeois - democratic revolution , and therefore this state power would be , as Lenin explained in Two Tactics , " a democratic and not a socialist dictatorship " .
Within the framework of Hearse 's false conception of the proletarian dictatorship as mechanically coinciding with the socialist revolution , a revolutionary state power that does not immediately carry out socialist measures but , instead , completes the bourgeois - democratic revolution , must " logically " be a form of bourgeois state power .
However , it is rather presumptuous of him to suppose , without any corroborating evidence , that Lenin shared this conception .
Hearse claims that it was in April 1917 that Lenin came over to the conception that the proletarian dictatorship mechanically coincides with the socialist revolution .
According to Hearse , in April 1917 Lenin began to argue for " the Commune state ( i.e. , socialist revolution ) " .
Hearse thus demonstrates that he shares the same misconception about Lenin's April Theses that Lev Kamenev did in April 1917 , i.e. , because Lenin described the soviets of workers ' and soldiers ' deputies as being political institutions of the same type as the 1871 Paris Commune and advocated the Bolsheviks propagandise for the replacement of the landlord - bourgeois Provisional Government with a Soviet government , Lenin advocated the transformation of the democratic revolution into a socialist revolution .
In opposition to Lenin , Kamenev argued that the bourgeois democratic revolution had not been completed and that the Bolsheviks should continue to advocate the creation of a revolutionary - democratic dictatorship of the proletariat and the peasantry .
Lenin replied that the revolutionary - democratic dictatorship of the proletariat and the peasantry had " already become a reality ( in a certain form and to a certain extent ) " because " this ' formula ' envisages only a relation of classes , and not a concrete political institution implementing this relation , this co-operation " and the soviets of workers ' and ( peasant ) soldiers ' deputies were institutions embodying precisely this co-operation " . [ 16 ]
In his " Letters on Tactics " , Lenin replied directly to Kamenev 's argument that adopting a perspective of " all power to the Soviets " meant setting a perspective of transforming the bourgeois democratic revolution into a socialist revolution as soon as the soviets took all power .
Lenin wrote :
This is incorrect .
I not only do not " build " on the " immediate transformation " of our revolution into a socialist one , but I actually warn against it , when in Thesis No. 8 , I state : " It is not our immediate task to ' introduce ' socialism … "
Is it not clear that no person who builds on the immediate transformation of our revolution into a socialist revolution could be opposed to the immediate task of introducing socialism ?
…
Comrade Kamenev has somewhat overreached himself in his eagerness , and has repeated the bourgeois prejudice about the Paris Commune having wanted to introduce socialism " immediately " . [ 17 ]
Lenin went on to explain :
The real essence of the Commune is not where the bourgeois usually looks for it , but in the creation of a state of a special type .
Such a state has already arisen in Russia , it is the Soviets of Workers ' and Soldiers ' Deputies !
Comrade Kamenev has not pondered on the fact , the significance , of the existing Soviets , their identity , in point of type and socio-political character , with the commune state , and instead of studying the fact , he began to talk about something I was supposed to be " building " on for the " immediate " future .
The result is , unfortunately , a repetition of the method used by many bourgeois : from the question as to what are Soviets , whether they are of a higher type than a parliamentary republic , whether they are more useful for the people , more democratic , more convenient for the struggle , for combating , for instance , the grain shortage , etc. from this real , urgent , vital issue , attention is diverted to the empty , would - be scientific , but actually hollow , professorially dead question of " building on an immediate transformation " .
An idle question falsely presented .
I " build " only on this , exclusively on this that the workers , soldiers and peasants will deal better than the officials , better than the police , with the difficult practical , problems of producing more grain , distributing it better and keeping the soldiers better supplied , etc. , etc .
I am deeply convinced that the Soviets will make the independent activity of the masses a reality more quickly and effectively than will a parliamentary republic …
They will more effectively , more practically and more correctly decide what steps can be taken towards socialism and how these steps should be taken .
Control over a bank , the merging of all banks into one , is not yet socialism , but it is a step towards socialism .
Today such steps are being taken in Germany by the Junkers and the bourgeoisie against the people .
Tomorrow the Soviet will be able to take these steps more effectively for the benefit of the people if the whole state power is in its hands .
What compels such steps ?
Famine .
Economic disorganisation .
Imminent collapse .
The horrors of war .
The horrors of the wounds inflicted on mankind by the war . [ 18 ]
Hearse evidently assumed that because , in his April Theses , Lenin outlined a perspective which aimed at the replacement of the landlord - capitalist Provisional Government with a Commune state , Lenin shared the bourgeois prejudice about the Paris Commune being a socialist dictatorship of the proletariat .
This prejudice is also widely held by many Marxists because Marx , in his 1871 pamphlet The Civil War In France , described the Paris Commune as " essentially a working - class government " .
By this , however , Marx meant ( as he wrote in the same sentence ) that it was " the political form at last discovered under which to work out the economic emancipation of labour " , [ 19 ] not that it did or could do this .
In a letter written in 1881 , Marx observed that the Paris Commune " was merely the rising of a city under exceptional circumstances , the majority of the Commune was by no means socialist , nor could it be " , adding : " With a modicum of common sense , however , it could have reached a compromise with [ the bourgeois government in ]
Versailles useful to the mass of the people the only thing that was possible to reach at the time " . [ 20 ]
Lenin 's identification of the soviets in April 1917 as a Commune - type state was regarded by Kamenev as a rejection of the strategic perspective that the Bolsheviks had had since 1905 of fighting for a revolutionary - democratic dictatorship of the proletariat and the peasantry .
Hearse concurs with this view .
However , Kamenev was wrong and so is Hearse .
Lenin had never held the view that the socialist revolution mechanically coincides with the proletarian dictatorship and therefore had never argued that the Paris Commune was a socialist dictatorship .
But if it was n't a socialist dictatorship , then what sort of proletarian dictatorship was it ?
Lenin had given a scientifically correct , i.e. , Marxist , answer to this question many years before 1917 .
In July 1905 the Bolshevik paper Proletary , which Lenin edited , carried an article entitled " The Paris Commune and the Tasks of the Democratic Dictatorship " .
The article reviewed the experience of the Paris Commune .
The last paragraph of the article was written by Lenin , and it drew the following conclusions :
This article teaches us , first and foremost , that for representatives of the socialist proletariat to take part in a revolutionary government with the petty bourgeoisie is fully permissible in principle , and , in certain conditions even obligatory .
It shows us further that the real task the Commune had to perform was primarily the achievement of the democratic and not a socialist dictatorship , the implementation of our " minimum programme " .
Finally , the article reminds us that when we study the lessons of the Paris Commune , we should imitate not the mistakes it made ( the failure to seize the Bank of France and to launch an offensive against Versailles , the lack of a clear programme , etc. ) , but its successful practical steps , which indicate the correct road .
It is not the word " Commune " that we must adopt from the great fighters of 1871 ; we should not blindly repeat each of their slogans ; what we must do is to single out those programmatic and practical slogans that bear upon the state of affairs in Russia and can be formulated in the words " revolutionary democratic dictatorship of the proletariat and the peasantry " . [ 21 ]
This was written in the same month that Two Tactics appeared a pamphlet in which , according to Hearse , Lenin conceived of the democratic dictatorship of the proletariat and peasantry as a bourgeois republic !
In his April Theses Lenin simply applied his July 1905 arguments to the concrete socio-political conditions existing in Russia in 1917 : to complete the democratic revolution and to combat economic disorganisation caused by World War I we need a Commune state ; the soviets ( which are institutions that embody the democratic dictatorship of the proletariat and the peasantry ) represent a state of the same type ; therefore , we should fight for a transfer of all power to the soviets by carrying out propaganda around the slogan " All Power to the Soviets ! " , instead of talking in general terms about the need for a " democratic dictatorship of the proletariat and peasantry " .
Not very difficult to understand , is it ?
Or at least it 's not if you examine Lenin 's arguments through the framework of the Marxist theory of the state and the proletarian revolution , rather than through a fog of Trotskyist mystifications .
While criticising my pamphlet for confining the discussion of Lenin's and Trotsky 's views to the " experience of pre-revolutionary Russia " , Hearse simultaneously accuses me of being guilty of " abstracting from the Russian experience and transferring it , without any mediation of any kind , to contemporary conditions " .
As I have explained above , this is an accusation without any foundation .
It is , in fact , Hearse who mechanically transfers my assessment of " the Russian experience " to contemporary conditions and then labels this the " DSP theory " for all Third World countries today .
Thus Hearse claims :
Since the DSP theory considers it necessary to forge an alliance on the basis of national and democratic demands with the rural and urban poor , it follows that it considers that these forces will be under the political leadership of non-proletarian forces , and specifically not under the revolutionary party .
Why does the second proposition " follow " from the first in the " DSP theory " ?
Because , " In Russia the Lorimer theory considers that the peasants were under the leadership of a peasant party , the Socialist Revolutionaries , and that the Bolshevik alliance with the Left SRs was key to cementing a worker - peasant alliance " .
Nowhere in his polemic , however , does Hearse cite a single document by the DSP or by any DSP member that argues that because in Russia the Bolshevik alliance with the Left SRs was key to cementing a worker - peasant alliance , the DSP holds the view that the urban and rural poor in semi-colonial capitalist countries today cannot be brought under the leadership of a revolutionary Marxist party .
Nor does he cite a single DSP document in which it is argued that an alliance between the workers and the petty - bourgeois and semi-proletarian sections of the urban and rural poor in any semi-colonial country can be forged on the basis simply of " national and democratic " demands .
The " DSP theory " that Hearse criticises is entirely his own invention .
Notes
1. Trotsky , The Permanent Revolution & Results and Prospects , Pathfinder Press , New York , 1970 , p. 276 .
2. Lenin , ``Left - Wing '' Communism an infantile disorder , Resistance Books , Sydney , 1999 , p. 27 .
3. Lenin , Collected Works , Progress Publishers , Moscow , 1962 - 77 , Vol. 28 , p. 305 .
4. Lenin , Collected Works , Vol. 9 , pp. 56 - 57 .
5. Lenin , Collected Works , Vol. 29 , p. 203 .
6. Marx and Engels , The Communist Manifesto and its relevance today , Resistance Books , Sydney , 1998 , p. 62 .
7. Lenin , Collected Works , Vol. 9 , p. 48 .
8. ibid. , pp. 49 -51 .
9. Felix Morrow , Revolution and Counter - Revolution in Spain , Pathfinder Press , New York , 1974 , pp. 101-02 .
10 . ibid. , p. 117 .
11 . Trotsky , The Spanish Revolution ( 1931-39 ) , Pathfinder Press , New York , 1973 , p. 123 .
12 . Lenin , Collected Works , Vol. 28 , pp. 313-4 .
13 . Lenin , Collected Works , Vol. 9 , p. 48 .
14 . Trotsky , The Permanent Revolution & Results and Prospects , p. 277 .
15 . ibid. , p. 277 .
16 . Lenin , Collected Works , Vol. 24 , pp. 45 - 46 .
17. ibid. , pp. 52 -53 .
18. ibid. , pp. 53 -54 .
19 . Marx and Engels , Selected Works , Progress Publishers , Moscow , 1977 , Vol. 2 , p. 223 .
20 . Marx and Engels , Selected Correspondence , Progress Publishers , Moscow , 1975 , p. 318 .
21 . Lenin , Collected Works , Vol. 9 , p. 141 . Emphasis added .
Doug Lorimer is a member of the Political Committee of the Democratic Socialist Party of Australia and the author of Trotsky 's theory of Permanent Revolution : A Leninist critique .
The startup world is full of people addicted to work .
The addiction often carries a heavy toll of lost friendships , broken relationships , bad health , and a dearth of other interests .
All that matters is the next high from work .
The next deal , the next milestone , the next round of funding .
If you had a similar addiction to cocaine or alcohol , people would call you sick and ask you to get help .
But in the startup world , this addiction is praised by many .
You ’re a hero for putting in all your chips of life for that off chance that you ’ll hit a royal flush .
What ’s worse is that most of these addicts know intellectually that plowing through 14 hour work days is not actually a very productive way to get ahead .
That more time does n’t mean more valuable work done .
Jason Cohen addresses this in Sacrifice your health for your startup .
He recognizes that sleep deprivation is not helpful , but still sees it as a badge of honor .
That the extra work is probably not quality product , but somehow still needs to happen .
He talks the talk of reason but walks the walk of an addict .
Desperate to find a justification for his ways :
You need to be nothing but work because you have to wear many hats .
You need to have a single - tracked obsession with work because the nirvana of “ financial freedom ” is just a few highs away .
Being addicted to your work might be slightly better than a coke habit , but it follows the same pattern of abuse and escapism .
And most importantly , it is not a requirement for success .
You do not have to become an addict to run a startup .
Be passionate , be obsessed , but do n’t let it be an excuse for consuming your life .
Note : you seem to have JavaScript disabled .
This page requires it to be enabled for full functionality .
The calendar below shows the phase of the moon for each day of the selected month .
You can change the month and year to whatever you like between January 3999 BC and December 3999 AD .
This version of the Moon Calendar uses HTML 5 , Javascript , and SVG .
It replaces the Java - based version of the calendar , which is still available here .
Hovering your mouse over any day in the calendar will display a popup showing the moon 's distance , phase and other information .
Instructions on what the various controls do is found below .
There is also a reference section for those interested in the algorithms used .
Feel free to with your thoughts on the program .
The Federal Housing Administration , the government agency whose loan - insurance programs have become a crucial source of support for the housing market , said on Thursday that its cash reserves had dwindled significantly in the last year as more borrowers defaulted on their mortgages .
The agency released an audit that spelled out the rapid deterioration of its finances .
It is tightening loan standards in hopes it will not become another drain on the United States Treasury , but is reluctant to clamp down so much that it snuffs out the tentative recovery in housing .
How successfully the agency walks this tightrope could well determine whether the recovery gathers force , or whether home prices slide again  perhaps creating a fresh economic downturn .
As recently as a few weeks ago , the F.H.A. had said that even under the bleakest economic forecast , its cash cushion would quickly recover .
On Thursday , it abandoned that position .
[ Haskell - cafe ] ANNOUNCE : attempt
We 'd like to announce the second release ( version 0.0.1 ) of the attempt package , for handling of failures .
This release has been made to work with the new control - monad - failure package [ 1 ] in an effort to standardize failure handling .
Notable changes to this release : * The MonadAttempt class was fully redundant with MonadFailure , and has thus been removed .
* WrapFailure class has been moved to control - monad - failure ( with minor modifications ) .
* Data .
Attempt .
Helper ( safe versions of some functions ) has been moved to safe - failure [ 2 ] .
* Full support for the monadloc package [ 3 ] to get monadic stack traces .
As usual , this release is available on hackage [ 4 ] .
API stability cannot be guaranteed with this release as well , but we 're getting much closer to hitting the mark .
All the best , Michael Snoyman , Nicolas Pouillard 1 .
http://hackage.haskell.org/package/control-monad-failure
2 . http://hackage.haskell.org/package/safe-failure
3 . http://hackage.haskell.org/package/monadloc
4 . http://hackage.haskell.org/package/attempt
-------------- next part
--------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed ...
URL : http://www.haskell.org/pipermail/haskell-cafe/attachments/20091116/78e23ad9/attachment.html
Redskins safety LaRon Landry , who made a late hit on Falcons quarterback Matt Ryan that sparked pushing and shoving on the sideline , was fined $ 7,500 .
Hall was not fined for his role in an ensuing confrontation with Smith .
Hall said after the game that Smith cursed at him and Falcons director of athletic performance Jeff Fish tried to " get some licks in " during the chaotic scene .
Fish was fined $ 2,500 .
" Just want to Thank the fans , my teammates and Organization for supporting me !
Ive tried to keep my nose clean n play the game the right way , " Hall wrote on his Twitter account .
" Last weekends incident was unfortunate for everyone involved but the past is the past and I 'm excited about getting back to FedEx Sunday ! ! "
Hall said on Sunday he was trying to pull Landry away from the sideline after Landry was called for his hit on Ryan .
Hall and Landry immediately were surrounded by Falcons players and staff members .
Other Redskins players joined in , but much of the attention was on Hall , a former Falcon who had talked all week of being bitter at the way he was treated when traded after the 2007 season .
He played in Atlanta for four years and made the Pro Bowl twice .
" I stay in Atlanta during the offseason , so if Mike Smith wants to see me , he can definitely find me , " Hall said after the Falcons ' victory .
Hall expressed dismay that more teammates did not come to his aid Sunday .
" I 'm always ready to mix it up .
And to see those guys kind of linger over there , yeah , I do n't know what was going through their minds , " Hall told Washington radio station 106.7
The Fan this week .
Player fines collected by the league are used to support the NFL Players Association 's Players Assistance Trust as well as charitable initiatives supporting youth , education and sports - related medical research .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
Before same - sex marriage was declared legal in 2015 , the concept of a civil union was popular .
For politicians , it seemed like an interchangeable idea that required no legal action — but if a civil union was the same as marriage , why would the LGBT community have fought so hard for equality ?
What Do We Mean When We Say ' Marriage ' ?
When people marry , they tend to do so for reasons of love and commitment .
But marriage is also a legal status , which comes with rights and responsibilities .
Marriage establishes a legal kinship between you and your spouse .
It is a relationship that is recognized across cultures , countries and religions .
In the United States , couples are issued a paper marriage license , which entitles both partners to share finances , benefits and insurance , as well as other kinds of allowances ( such as hospital visitation rights ) .
What Is a Civil Union ?
Civil unions and domestic partnerships exist in only a handful of places like New Jersey and Oregon .
Vermont was the first state to create civil unions in 2000 to provide legal protections to gays and lesbians in relationships in that state because same - sex marriage was not an option .
What Is a Civil Union ?
A civil union is a legally recognized union of a same - sex couple with rights similar to those of marriage .
Civil unions offer some of the same rights and responsibilities as marriage , but only on a state level ; this means a civil union does not offer any federal protections at all .
What Is a Domestic Partnership ?
Some states and municipalities have domestic partnership registries , but no domestic partnership law is the same .
Some , like Oregon 's domestic partnership law comes with many rights and responsibilities .
Others offer very few benefits to the couple .
What Is a Domestic Partnership ?
A domestic partnership is an interpersonal relationship between two individuals who live together and share a common domestic life but are not married ( to each other or to anyone else ) .
People in domestic partnerships receive benefits that guarantee right of survivorship , hospital visitation , and more .
Differences Between Civil Unions and Gay Marriages
Recognition in other states :
Even though each state has its own laws around marriage , if someone is married in one state and moves to another , their marriage is legally recognized .
For example , Oregon marriage law applies to people 17 and over .
In Washington state , the couple must be 18 to wed .
However , Washington will recognize the marriage of two 17 - year - olds from Oregon who move there .
This is not the case with Civil Unions and Domestic Partnerships .
If someone has a Domestic Partnership , that union is recognized by some states and not others .
Some states have even ruled that they do not have to recognize civil unions performed in other states , because their states have no such legal category .
Even though each state has its own laws around marriage , if someone is married in one state and moves to another , their marriage is legally recognized .
For example , Oregon marriage law applies to people 17 and over .
In Washington state , the couple must be 18 to wed .
However , Washington will recognize the marriage of two 17 - year - olds from Oregon who move there .
This is not the case with Civil Unions and Domestic Partnerships .
If someone has a Domestic Partnership , that union is recognized by some states and not others .
Some states have even ruled that they do not have to recognize civil unions performed in other states , because their states have no such legal category .
Immigration : A United States citizen who is married can sponsor his or her non-American spouse for immigration into this country .
Those with civil unions have no such privilege .
A United States citizen who is married can sponsor his or her non-American spouse for immigration into this country .
Those with civil unions have no such privilege .
Taxes :
Civil unions are not recognized by the federal government , so couples would not be able to file joint - tax returns or be eligible for tax breaks or protections the government affords to married couples .
Civil unions are not recognized by the federal government , so couples would not be able to file joint - tax returns or be eligible for tax breaks or protections the government affords to married couples .
Benefits : The General Accounting Office in 1997 released a list of 1,049 benefits and protections available to heterosexual married couples .
These benefits range from federal benefits , such as survivor benefits through Social Security , sick leave to care for ailing partner , tax breaks , veterans benefits and insurance breaks .
They also include things like family discounts , obtaining family insurance through your employer , visiting your spouse in the hospital and making medical decisions if your partner is unable to .
Civil unions protect some of these rights , but not all of them .
Can a Lawyer Set Up Marriage - Like Benefits for Same - Sex Couples ?
While a lawyer can set up some things like durable power of attorney , wills and medical power of attorney , there are several problems with this solution .
It costs thousands of dollars in legal fees .
A simple marriage license , which usually costs under $ 100 would cover all the same rights and benefits .
A simple marriage license , which usually costs under $ 100 would cover all the same rights and benefits .
Any of these can be challenged in court .
As a matter of fact , more wills are challenged than not .
In the case of wills , legal spouses always have more legal power than any other family member .
As a matter of fact , more wills are challenged than not .
In the case of wills , legal spouses always have more legal power than any other family member .
Marriage laws are universal .
If someone ’s husband or wife is injured in an accident , all you need to do is show up and say you ’re his or her spouse .
You will not be questioned .
If you show up at the hospital with your legal paperwork , the employees may not know what to do with you .
If you simply say , " He 's my husband , " you will immediately be taken to your spouse 's side .
Thankfully , any queer couples looking to wed since the Supreme Court ruled on Obergefell v. Hodges have been able to do so fairly easily .
A marriage is not for everyone , though , and your relationship may need a different arrangement .
“ Vice President Dick Cheney did n’t suffer for comfort on the cavernous cargo plane that he rode into Iraq and Afghanistan this week , ” Nedra Pickler writes for The Associated Press .
“ The Air Force loaded the plane with the ‘ silver bullet , ’ a mobile home in the sky strapped down in the middle of the belly .
The accommodations included sleeping and working quarters that protected him from the noise and cold of the cargo hold during a more than five - hour flight into Baghdad …
The rest of his traveling party was not so lucky .
Cheney ’s senior staff and junior aides were assigned to a cramped three rows of seats in front of the bullet , while reporters and Secret Service agents had to sit in jump seats along the side with a view of Cheney ’s stainless steel exterior walls …
Despite the noise and seating conditions on the C - 17 , Cheney ’s staff eventually was able to nod off after days of exhaustive travel .
Cheney emerged from his more spacious quarters at one point to pose for a picture standing in front of several rows of his dozing aides . ”
Pickler reports ,
“ The vice president is an iPod fan , and keeping it charged is a priority for his staff .
Normally that is n’t an issue , even when he ’s flying around the world .
Air Force II is equipped with outlets in each row of seats .
But when Dick Cheney was traveling home overnight Wednesday from his diplomatic mission , most of the outlets went on the fritz .
Working passengers began lining up their laptops to share the power from a couple of working outlets — particularly the reporters who urgently needed to prepare their articles to transmit during a quick refueling stop in England .
But when Cheney said his iPod needed to be recharged , it took precedent above all else and dominated one precious outlet for several hours .
The vice president ’s press staff intervened so a reporter could use the outlet for 15 minutes to charge a dead laptop , but then the digital music device was plugged back in .
That way , Cheney got his press coverage and his music , too . ”
Full article here .
[ Thanks to MacDailyNews reader “ iceforest ” for the heads up . ]
[ UPDATE : 10:39 am EST : fixed “ full article ” link . ]
Newsflash for Nedra :
That ’s right , honey , you ’re not as important as the Vice President of the United States of America .
If you want so badly to be the one who gets to ride in the “ silver bullet , ” quit writing wire stories for AP and go get elected .
As for Cheney ’s iPod recharge prohibiting mainstream reporters from filing their stories , we say , “ Go iPod ! ”
It ’s just too bad that Cheney ’s iPod could n’t have somehow stopped the publishing of the majority of Nitpickler ’s particularly meaningless pile of words ( we do appreciate the iPod stuff , but did n’t like having to wade through the whining about how the U.S. Vice President gets better accommodations aboard planes than do beat reporters ) .
Note :
We believe that politicians are nuts to be politicians nowadays .
Thanks to the media and the political climate today , politicians quickly become twisted caricatures that bear no resemblance to human beings .
Regardless of your political party , try to remember that they are actual people .
The politicians that you “ despise ” are almost always much nicer and warmer than you ’d want to believe and the ones you “ love ” almost always have many more flaws than you ’d ever want to admit .
Advertisements :
• The New iPod with Video .
The ultimate music & video experience on the go .
From $ 299 .
Free shipping .
• Connect iPod to your television set with the iPod AV Cable .
Just $ 19.00 .
• The New iMac G5 .
Built - in camera and remote control .
From $ 1299 .
Free shipping .
• Apple USB Modem .
Easily connect to the Internet using your dial - up service .
$ 49.00 .
Related articles :
Baltimore Sun : Vice President Dick Cheney a confirmed Apple iPod user – April 01 , 2004
